NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Pressure mounted on U.S. lawmakers to agree on a $ 700 billion financial rescue plan after the collapse of talks in acrimony and the biggest bank closure in U.S. history roiled global markets .
House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank ( D - MA ) ( 2nd L ) talks to reporters after a meeting with other Congressional finance leaders to discuss the economic bailout plan in the Capitol in Washington September 25 , 2008 .
From left are Representative Spencer Bachus ( R - AL ) , Frank , Senator Chris Dodd ( D - CT ) and Senator Jack Reed ( D - RI ) .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
President George W. Bush acknowledged that there were disagreements but expressed optimism that Congress and the White House would come together on the proposal to rescue the U.S. financial system .
But as negotiations deteriorated into clashes between Republicans and Democrats in Washington , and as Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson met with lawmakers , turmoil in global financial markets deepened .
U.S. regulators seized bank Washington Mutual Inc Thursday , the biggest bank failure in the nation 's history , and sold its assets to JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM.N. In Europe , Belgian - Dutch financial group Fortis NV FOR .
BRFOR .AS denied it had a liquidity problem after its shares tumbled more than 20 percent to a 14 - year low .
Banks worldwide hoarded cash and showed a growing reluctance to lend , driving rates that institutions charge to each other on loans to a record high in London .
Wachovia Corp WB.N , the sixth - largest U.S. bank , saw its stock price tumble 20 percent , while National City Corp NCC.N , a Midwest regional bank , skidded 22 percent .
America 's banking industry confronts a rising tide of home foreclosures and loan defaults that has spawned the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .
“ What you ’re going to see is the strong stronger , and the weak are going to die off , ” said William Smith , president of Smith Asset Management in New York .
Global money markets dried up , forcing increased injections of cash from central banks .
And with no relief in sight , investors flocked to the safety of cash and U.S. government securities .
“ The consequences of this turmoil on real economic performance entail clear downside risk , ” St. Louis Federal Reserve President James Bullard said in remarks prepared for delivery to a conference in Tennessee .
Adding to the anxiety , new data showed U.S. economic growth was weaker than previously thought in the second quarter , and a survey showed U.S. consumer confidence began to nosedive in September .
Citing the crisis , Europe 's biggest bank , HSBC Holdings Plc HSBA.L , said it was cutting 1,100 jobs , adding to more than 80,000 job losses across the banking landscape in the past 18 months .
U.S. stocks declined , following losses in Asia and Europe .
“ The markets are just caught like a deer in the headlights , watching Washington , trying to figure out what the next step is , ” said Boris Schlossberg , director of currency research at GFT Forex in New York .
The crisis reverberated in the world 's ports , leaving cargo stranded on docks , as banks cease lending and slow global trade , the top executive of a Greek shipping company Excel Maritime Carriers Ltd EXM .
N said .
Gold prices jumped more than 4 percent as investors sought safety in bullion .
The precious metal is up about 20 percent since September 11 , when investment banking titan Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc's LEHMQ .
PK stock price collapsed , raising questions about the global banking system .
QUESTIONS SURROUND BAILOUT
The bailout , which would be the largest of its kind in U.S. history , aims to remove soured assets from the books of fragile banks and thus revive frozen credit markets .
The value of the assets , mostly mortgage - related , tumbled as the U.S. housing market slumped .
The $ 700 billion price tag on the bailout is bigger than the cost of the Iraq war .
Hopes for a speedy deal on the rescue package , crafted by Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , dimmed when a group of conservative Republican lawmakers proposed an alternative plan on Thursday .
The conservatives called for the government to offer insurance coverage for the roughly half of all mortgage - backed securities that it does not already insure .
Sen . Richard Shelby , the top Republican on the Senate Banking Committee , cast doubt on the bailout plan .
Rep. Barney Frank , the powerful Democratic chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , countered that passage depends on Republicans , and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid complained that presidential election politics had hurt the talks on the plan .
Both presidential candidates , Republican Sen. John McCain and Democratic Sen. Barack Obama , flew to Washington on Thursday to try to help negotiate a deal , but deep divisions remained over how to shield taxpayers from losses that could reach hundreds of billions of dollars .
McCain went to Capitol Hill on Friday to try to negotiate a compromise and agreed to attend the first of three presidential debates with Obama on Friday evening , ending two days of suspense and setting up a showdown that could help decide a tight race for the White House .
As the White House pressed hard for a deal , Vice President Dick Cheney canceled trips to New Mexico and Wyoming to “ assist with the pending legislation , ” his spokeswoman said .
Although Democrats control Congress , they are hesitant to pass a bailout bill without rank - and - file Republican support because of the risk of leaving their party politically exposed in an election season .
The heated debate comes just weeks before the November 4 presidential and congressional elections in which many lawmakers are trying to retain their seats .
Lawmakers critical of the Paulson plan say they fear that freewheeling bankers will get off too lightly and that the wider crisis will persist -- a concern echoed by many voters .
With American newspaper headlines screaming about bankrupt banks and insurers , financial advisers -- especially those in the public eye -- are being swamped .
“ There ’s a feeling of helplessness that nobody seems to have the answers , ” said Teresa Dixon Murray , who writes a weekly column about personal finance at the Cleveland Plain Dealer newspaper .
She said she has never received so many calls and e-mails in her 10 years as a financial reporter .
The 13 - month - old credit crisis came to a head this month after the U.S. government 's takeover of mortgage companies Fannie Mae FNM.P and Freddie Mac FRE.P , the bailout of insurer American International Group Inc AIG.N , and the bankruptcy filing of investment bank Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc LEHMQ .
PK .
If you 're interested in JRuby , you probably do n't need a tutorial on Ruby , Rails , or Java -- you just need to know how to get things done .
This Cookbook offers practical solutions for using the Java implementation of the Ruby language , with targeted recipes for deploying Rails web applications on Java servers , integrating JRuby code with Java technologies , developing JRuby desktop applications with Java toolkits , and more .
Using numerous reusable code samples , JRuby Cookbook shows you how to :
Install and update JRuby on Windows , Mac OS X , and Linux , and IDEs such as NetBeans and Eclipse
Package and deploy Rails apps on Java Servlet containers and Java EE application servers , including JBoss , Tomcat , and GlassFish
Integrate Ruby and Rails applications with popular Java EE technologies such as JMS , JMX , JPA , Spring , and Hibernate
Develop desktop and client applications with cross-platform Java UI technologies and toolkits such as Swing , SWT , and Java 2D
Maximize the flexibility of your testing and build environment , using both existing Java - based tools such as Ant and Maven and newer Ruby - based tools such as Rake , Raven , and Buildr
The JRuby interpreter combines Ruby 's simplicity and ease of use with Java 's extensive libraries and technologies , a potent blend that opens new possibilities for Ruby , Rails , and Java .
This Cookbook helps you take full advantage of JRuby 's potential .
" The JRuby Cookbook is an excellent book for any polyglot who is trying to bridge the gap between Java and Ruby .
It provides solutions to specific problems developers face in both their development and testing environments , along with the applications they 're building . " -- Bob McWhirter , Research & Prototyping , Red Hat Middleware
http://d.hatena.ne.jp/Gimite/20080802/1217647596
でちょっと思い出した、前からやってみたかった実験をやってみたらだいたい思った通りな感じだった。
class
Fixnum def times i = 0 s = self while i < s yield i i += 1 end end end s = 0 1000000 . times { |
i | s+=i } p s
みたいなコードを書くわけです。ご存知の通り、
Ruby の Fixnum#times は C 言語で実装されてます。それを Ruby で実装しなおしたら当然遅くなります。ホント時間のムダです。実はそうでもないんです。
> time ruby1.9 bench.rb 499999500000 ruby1.9 bench.rb 0.10s user 0.00s system 91 % cpu 0.114 total i@u4 ~/test > time ruby1.9 bench2.rb 499999500000 ruby1.9 bench2.rb 0.11s user 0.00s system 92 % cpu 0.121 total
後者が class Fixnum の部分をコメントアウトしたコードの結果なんですけど、まぁ
Ruby で車輪再発明しちゃったヤツの方が速かったりするんですね。不思議ですかね。
タネはこう、あまりサックリとは説明できないんですけど、
Ruby => C =>
Ruby って往復がそれなりにコストかかる、っていう話かと思います。 setjmp なんかをはじめとしてごちゃごちゃやってるはずなので。まぁこの例だと僅差なのでそんな気にすることでもないでしょうけど。
でもまぁ、 JIT とかしはじめると、こう組み込み関数 が
C で書いてあることがさらに不利になったりするかなーとか妄想するわけです。
Rubinius とか大部分 を Ruby で実装とかアホかーとか思ってたけど、まぁアホは私の方だったかもなぁとかそういう。ランタイムを
VM に近いレイヤーでやる、ってのは Tamarinもそうらしいし。 CRuby でそういうことを考えるなら 、
Ruby を llvm - gcc でコンパイルして、 JIT した Ruby コードがほーにゃほにゃ、とかなのかしら。ちなみに現在の LLVM でそういうことができるかとか知らないので 100 % 妄想。
あと、うちの MacOSX でやると bench2.rb の方がさらに遅いなーと思って少し調べたら、一時的に遅くなってたみたいでした。 svn up したらなおった 。
Thaksin Shinawatra has been living in the UK Thailand 's fugitive ex-PM Thaksin Shinawatra has been found guilty of corruption and sentenced to two years in prison by the Thai Supreme Court .
In a landmark ruling , he was found to have violated conflict of interest rules in helping his wife buy land from a state agency at a knock - down price .
The couple fled to the UK in August , saying they would not get a fair trial .
The decision comes amid growing tension between the former leader 's supporters and his opponents .
The ruling is the first in a string of stalled and slow - moving cases against Thaksin , former owner and now honorary chairman of Manchester City Football Club , launched in the wake of the 2006 military coup .
The coup leaders claimed there had been massive corruption and abuse of power under Thaksin 's rule , and set up a special unit to investigate the business dealings of the former leader and his close associates .
His wife , Pojaman , was convicted of tax evasion in July and sentenced to three years in jail but was acquitted by the Supreme Court in the current case .
Political tensions
The nine - member court ruled by five to four that Thaksin had violated the constitution in involving himself in the land deal .
" Thaksin had violated the article of the constitution on conflict of interest , as he was then prime minister and head of government who was supposed to work for the benefit of the public , " one judge said as he read the verdict .
CASES AGAINST THAKSIN FAMILY
Case one : Corruption charges related to purchase of state land by his wife .
Who : Thaksin and his wife .
Status : Thaksin guilty , wife acquitted Case two : Abuse of power linked to government lottery scheme .
Who : Thaksin and several former Cabinet ministers .
Status : Case accepted by Supreme Court Case three : Abuse of power related to state loan to Burma alleged to have benefited family business .
Who : Thaksin .
Status : Case accepted by Supreme Court Case four : Concealing assets .
Who : Thaksin , wife and two others .
Status : Awaiting court decision on proceeding to trial Case five : Tax evasion .
Who : Members of Thaksin 's family .
Status : Pojaman Shinawatra and her brother jailed for three years , her secretary for two years Several other claims also lodged
The case stems from Pojaman 's purchase in an auction of about 13 acres ( five hectares ) of prime land in central Bangkok in 2003 for 772 million baht ( $ 22.4 m ) .
The land was bought from the Financial Institutions Development Fund ( FIDF ) , a government agency that had been set up to bail - out debt - ridden banks .
The FIDF had taken ownership of the land in 1995 to cover the losses of the collapsed Erawan Trust .
Prime ministers and their spouses are barred from doing business with government agencies .
Thaksin , who was prime minister from 2001 - 2006 , said the charges were politically motivated and that he had expected the Supreme Court to sentence him , Reuters news agency reported .
He told Reuters he was not seeking asylum in the UK .
The chief prosecutor in the case said he wanted Britain to " quickly extradite " Thaksin .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The verdict takes Thaksin another step away from returning to Thai politics , says the BBC's Lucy Williamson in Bangkok .
It is welcome news for the protesters who have been camped outside Government House for weeks , demanding the resignation of the government , saying it is too close to Thaksin , our correspondent adds .
The administration of Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat - who is Thaksin 's brother - in - law - has been virtually paralysed by the protests .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As developers we know it 's useful to read the query string ( everything after the ' ? ' in the URL ) to allow for customisations .
However , I did n't think I could read the query string in the script tag from within the JavaScript - until now .
READER DISCOUNTSave $ 50 on terminal .
training
I 've published 38 videos for new developers , designers , UX , UI , product owners and anyone who needs to conquer the command line today .
$ 49 - only from this link
The Trick
The trick is simple , in your externally loaded script , you read the last DOM element loaded ( this script tag that loaded the current script ) , grab the last DOM element , read the src and there 's your query string .
The Code
// script included using test.js?a=10&z=50 function getLastChild ( el ) { return ( el.lastChild && el.lastChild.nodeName != ' # text ' ) ?
getLastChild(el.lastChild ) : el ; } var query = getLastChild( document.lastChild).getAttribute('src' ) .replace (/.*\?/ , '' ) ;
The query variable now contains the full query string and can be used to change the result of your script .
I would then pass that in to my getQuery function so I had access to it as an object .
Demo
This Is Stupid
They were just showing Expelled : No Intelligence Allowed a couple of months ago .
What a load of crap , now they wo n't show Religulous at my theatre .
Beverly Hills Chihuahua is playing ELEVEN TIMES on Friday .
They sure give a huge array of showplaces to pick from for watching this movie .
Thank GOD they had room for Nick and Norah 's Infinite Playlist .
There 's not even a theatre playing it anywhere in my area , I 'd have to go at least 40 minutes out of my way to see this movie .
I would n't be surprised if I can't find a torrent for this documentary , it might not be playing near the pirate 's showplace either .
Who came up with the term " clean coal " ?
It is the most toxic phrase in the greenwash lexicon .
George W Bush , by promising to pump hundreds of millions of dollars into the pursuit of advanced " clean " coal technologies , certainly popularised it .
But I 'd love to know where it came from .
Any thoughts out there ?
It is , of course , oxymoronic .
Coal is about acid rain and peasouper smogs , asthma and mercury contamination , radioactive waste emissions and ripping apart mountains , killing trees , lung cancer and , of course , global warming .
Coal emits more carbon dioxide for every unit of energy generated than any other fuel .
Sure you can clean it up a bit – though the toxins you 've taken out of the ground have to go somewhere .
But clean coal ?
Just say no .
But the phrase rolls on .
Google offers more than a million web pages .
We will hear a lot more of it as the UK government wrestles with whether to approve a new billion - pound " cleaner coal " power station – Britain 's first coal plant for three decades – at Kingsnorth in Kent .
E.ON , the company that wants to build the station , says Kingsnorth will be " ready " to capture carbon dioxide emissions before they go up the stack .
Great , except there is no such technology right now .
This phrase " clean coal " has developed a life of its own thanks to remorseless commercial propagandising .
This year a coalition of US coal mining companies and electricity utilities called Americans for Balanced Energy Choices ( and recently renamed the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity ) is paying the advertising agency R&R Partners $ 35 m ( £ 22 m ) to promote " clean coal " through advertising and other promotional activity .
This is up there with the safe cigarette and " atoms for peace " .
The industry is fighting back against growing scientific calls to outlaw coal burning , and the rejection of dozens of coal power plants proposals by communities across the US , with several states effectively banning them .
You may have noticed the campaign 's effect .
Both John McCain and Barack Obama support clean coal .
It 's neat .
Who could be against clean coal ?
It allows them to oppose dirty coal without antagonising anyone .
You may not have spotted that Americans for Balanced Energy Choices sponsored two early presidential debates , during which – guess what – no questions were asked about global warming .
And here in Britain you can see the impact of the new mantra .
In Putney , in southwest London , there is a branch of the International Energy Agency that used to be called the Coal Research Centre .
It 's changed its name – to the Clean Coal Centre .
Thanks to its " industrial sponsors " it is able to " provide unbiased information on the sustainable use of coal worldwide . "
Right .
Like the fact there is n't any ?
Is clean coal possible in future ?
Well , if you mean could we capture carbon dioxide emissions and bury them somewhere out of harm 's way – in old coal seams or oilfields or salt mines – yes , it is possible .
The former British chief scientist Sir David King called it " the only hope for mankind " .
But the most authoritative study , The Future of Coal , published last year by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) , concluded that the first commercial carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) plant would n't come on stream until 2030 at the earliest .
Last year too , the Edison Electric Institute , which represents most US power generators , admitted to a House Select Committee in Washington DC that commercial deployment will require 25 years research costing at least $ 20bn .
And that was before the US administration last December canned the biggest R&D project on the technology anywhere in the world .
It said it was too costly and hinted that , for all their green talk , industry was n't prepared to back it .
Oh , and if the technology did one day work – and could demonstrate that it could keep liquefied carbon dioxide buried for the thousands of years necessary – it would take decades to build the vast infrastructure needed to deploy on a large scale .
Infrastructure that could only be paid for by maintaining a vast dirty coal - burning industry for the duration .
But politicians can be very ill - read if it suits them .
The mythology of clean coal has penetrated deep into their thinking round the world because it is so convenient .
In Australia , the new green - minded prime minister Kevin Rudd is super - keen on " clean coal " because he imagines it allows him to promise both to meet Australia 's Kyoto protocol pledges and to assuage the concerns of industry .
Coal provides most of Australia 's electricity and is it most valuable export .
But you can't meet current emissions targets with a technology 20 years over the horizon .
Similarly German chancellor Angela Merkel , though a chemist by training , has fallen for the hope that she can both build dozens of new coal - fired power stations and meet her promise to cut German CO2 emissions by 40 % by 2020 .
It wo n't happen .
The British government is as deep into clean - coal cuckoo land as any of them .
John Hutton , until recently business secretary , claimed that a third of British electricity could be generated using CCS by 2030 – clearly pie in the sky .
He should fire the adviser who wrote that for him .
The mirage of clean coal is designed to coax the world into maintaining its addiction to the most dangerous ( and profuse ) fossil fuel of all .
My bet is that if Kingsnorth is approved , it will never deliver so much as a tonne of carbon dioxide to anywhere other than the atmosphere .
• How many more green scams , cons and generous slices of wishful thinking are out there ?
Please send your examples of greenwash to greenwash@theguardian.com or add your comments below
Xi says China ready to work with Argentina to build global community of health for all Xi said China is willing to continue to provide as much assistance as its capacity allows for the South American country and deepen bilateral vaccine cooperation .
U.S. must stop making an issue out of China in presidential election
It should be noted that the extreme words and deeds of the U.S. for grabbing attention and gaining private profits will harm the country ’s future .
Profits of China ’s major industrial enterprises maintain steady growth in August
In the first eight months of 2020 , the total industrial profits went down by 4.4 percent year on year , and the decrease narrowed 3.7 percentage points from that in the January - July period .
Countries share common future , must pursue solidarity and cooperation China ’s voices and proposals have struck a chord with the international community at the crucial moment in the global battle against the COVID - 19 .
China always a practitioner of multilateralism China has faithfully fulfilled its international obligations , honored its international commitments , and embraced the lofty ideals of the UN .
One hundred - fifty two people were arrested during DNC protest events in Denver this past week , for charges ranging from " assault on a police officer " to " throwing stones or missiles . "
But buried in the list is the name Frank S. Fairey , which contemporary art fans will recognize as the birth name for one of the most famous street artists in the world : Shepard Fairey .
While most of the individuals were in town to demonstrate against the Democrats , Fairey was in Denver as part of the Manifest Hope gallery show featuring art inspired by Barack Obama .
The multi-toned poster Fairey created of Obama 's face -- coupled with words like " HOPE " and " PROGRESS " -- have become ubiquitous icons of the campaign , appearing on billboards , t- shirts , hats and even the current cover of 5280 magazine .
On the evening of August 25 , Fairey decided to take a break from installing the gallery show to hang posters around downtown Denver , wheat - pasting them to the sides of buildings .
Denver artist Scot Lefavor and a small crew of filmmakers making a documentary on Fairey went along .
But when artists tried to apply their trade in an alleyway near 16th and Sherman Street around midnight , all five of them were arrested by police , charged with " interference and posting unauthorized posters . "
See the full mugshot profile here .
Neither Fairey or Lefavor could be reached by Westword to explain the ordeal , but word is that they were jailed at the infamous " Gitmo on the Platte " warehouse facility the city set up for DNC protest arrests .
This was also the night that police sprayed down a crowd 300 anarchist protesters near Civic Center Park and arrested 100 of them .
According to court records , Fairey was arraigned at 6 a.m. at the Denver County Courthouse and pled guilty to interference with six months unsupervised probation in exchange for prosecutors dropping the unauthorized posters charge .
He was bonded out for $ 500 by his wife Amanda Fairey .
- Jared Jacang Maher and Joel Warner
UPDATE 5-1-08 :
The artists describe the incident in a video interview with imeem .
Fairey , who says he 's been arrested thirteen times before for hanging his art illegally , says they were putting up the posters in an alleyway that may have been " a little too close to the hot zone downtown . "
After spotting several police officers in full riot gear running up a hill , the group tried to exit the other end of the alley but were suddenly blocked by cops with their guns drawn .
" Get on the fucking ground or we 're going to kick you in the fucking head ! "
Fairey reenacts the shouts of the officers .
The artists were thrown to the ground , had their hands zip - tied and were placed under arrest .
Also arrested was New York filmmaker Robin Radzinski , James Zarathustra of Austin , Texas , and Nikolas Harrington of Denver .
Fairey says they spent the next sixteen hours in jail .
" We had some peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and we played some paper football and hung out with anarchists all night , " says Lefavor .
Fairey 's court records show he had to pay a $ 100 fine plus $ 71 in court fees .
He is critical of the Interference with Police Authority charge as " something that they came up with for the convention , " he says .
" Anyone who is seen as being disruptive in any way is guilty of interference . "
Despite his latest arrest , Fairey says he is not yet ready to quit his nighttime postering campaigns .
" I enjoy it , " he says .
" I think it 's really important too .
It would take me having potential jail time to quit postering and that 's not likely to happen . "
Not likely - as long as he's able put up his " disruptive " political art beyond the watch of Denver riot cops .
- Maher
Alaska politics is making strange bedfellows these days .
Last week Wasilla conservative Republican , and Alaska State Senate President Lyda Green spoke with KUDO , the progressive talk radio station .
Green was one of Palin ’s mentors at the beginning of her career .
But years went by , and the two began to disagree .
There were power - plays , and barbs thrown .
Palin appeared on a conservative radio program in which the DJ said he was going to say what Palin could n’t about Green .
“ She ’s a B**ch ! ” Response from Palin ?
Giggling .
“ She ’s a cancer ! ” More giggling .
And yes , Lyda Green is a cancer survivor .
Eventually , Green decided that she no longer could work for the Legislature while Palin was governor .
Her constituents were rabidly pro-Palin and the writing was on the wall .
So Green announced she would not be running for re-election in November .
This was big news when it happened , back in the day when we were n’t in the national spotlight .
So Lyda Green , who was intensely disliked by the Democratic Party ( although they never called her names on the air ) made an I - have - nothing - to - lose appearance on KUDO .
She came right out and said that the investigation should and would proceed , and that nothing had changed .
We were seeking the truth when it all started , and we still are .
What followed were calls of praise and admiration from the very ‘ blue ’ listening audience … .
It was like something out of the Twilight Zone .
Now from the progressive community who normally wants to see his head on a pike , there ’s another uber - conservative pundit who is engendering praise – Dan Fagan .
Dan Fagan is a notorious right wing radio talking head , turned columnist in the Anchorage Daily News .
The ADN is frequently criticized by the vast right - wing community in Anchorage as being a “ socialist rag ” .
So they hired Dan Fagan , and now they can say “ Well , what about Dan Fagan ? ? ” and cross their arms .
Fagan frequently talks in matter - of - fact terms about “ liberal bias ” in the media , and now he has a “ liberal media ” nest in which to comfortably perch , and continue to do just that .
And anyone unfortunate enough to walk under the nest will likely have a ‘ deposit ’ land on their head .
But there is one thing that Dan Fagan is not at the moment , and that is a Palin fan .
If you ’ll recall the emails from Sarah Palin ’s hacked Yahoo !
account that made it on the web , there was an exchange between Palin and her Lt. Governor Sean Parnell , bemoaning Fagan ’s treatment of Parnell ( a congressional candidate at the time ) during his appearance as a guest on Fagan ’s radio show .
In Palin ’s email response , she said ,
“ His fighting you reveals some evil stuff going on with him .
Does he want someone OPPOSED to the life issue in Congress ? ”
“ Evil ? ” Zounds !
Fagan ’s been called a lot of names , but I do n’t think he ’s ever been called ‘ evil ’ .
And , do we infer that Palin thinks that everyone out there who believes in reproductive choice has “ evil stuff going on ” with them ?
This brings us to today .
Fagan has come out with an interesting opinion piece in the Anchorage Daily News .
Here ’s a bit of what he had to say :
The real damage to Palin from Troopergate comes with an injury claim involving trooper Wooten when he hurt his back while in the line of duty .
Independent investigator Steve Branchflower testified recently he believes someone in the governor ’s office tried to block Wooten ’s workers ’ compensation injury benefits .
Harbor Adjustment Services , the company hired by the state to process , evaluate and decide on workers ’ benefit claims , had great financial incentive in bowing to pressure from the governor to deny Wooten ’s injury claim .
Obviously , the state is Harbor Adjustment Services ’ largest client .
The owner of the company denies the governor ’s office pressured her to deny Wooten ’s benefits .
Why would n’t she ?
Ratting out the governor could cost her the lucrative state contract .
But Branchflower says an employee with Harbor Adjustment Services contradicts the owner and has testified the governor ’s office did apply pressure to deny Wooten his benefits .
Branchflower says the unnamed employee testified , “ I do n’t , you know , care if it ’s the president who wants the claim denied .
I ’m not going to deny it unless I have the medical evidence to do that , ” We know the governor ’s office was very interested in Wooten .
Dianne Kiesel , a state employee with the Department of Administration , tells me former Palin chief of staff Mike Tibbles instructed her to walk Wooten ’s personnel file over to the governor ’s office .
And there is the governor ’s aide , Frank Bailey , caught on tape admitting he has information that came from Wooten ’s workers ’ comp file .
The very file that includes pictures , taken by none other than Todd Palin , of Wooten riding a snowmachine trying to prove the trooper was not injured .
Here ’s why this is all so damaging to the governor .
It ’s one thing to try to get a trooper fired because you believe he is a danger to the public .
But using your considerable power as governor to block the benefits of a former family member you have a long - running dispute with moves this scandal into a new realm .
It becomes about one thing and one thing only , revenge .
Not public good , but settling a score .
Fagan is correct in that this angle on Troopergate has n’t been explored deeply .
We get hung up on tasers , and ex-wives , and affairs , and ‘ rogue cops ’ , but the thing that may stick , is Palin ’s tampering with the worker ’s compensation claim .
With Al Capone , it was tax evasion … you just never know .
It was only a week or so ago that the unnamed employee from Harbor Adjustment Services came out with her information to investigator Stephen Branchflower ’s “ tip line ” .
And it has also only recently been revealed that part of the file includes photos of Wooten on a snowmachine , taken by Todd Palin while he was out collecting evidence to use against Wooten .
Yes , at one point our “ First Dude ” Todd Palin was following Mike Wooten around to ‘ get something ’ on him .
John Cyr , the head of the PSEA ( the Troopers ’ union ) , who was interviewed extensively on Anchorage ’s KUDO radio says that if those 1100 emails the Palin administration is withholding ( claiming executive privilege ) were released , they would show that Palin had used her office to keep tabs on Wooten .
Cyr , who filed a Freedom of Information
Act request for the documents was told it would cost $ 88,000 to fulfill his request .
“ That seems a little steep , ” said Cyr , “ and suspicious . ”
19 days and counting until special investigator Stephen Branchflower ’s report on his findings in this investigation .
It 's off - message .
The Fox - Drudge - McInturff message is that this race is now a toss - up , with dramatic tightening .
There is no doubt there has been some tightening .
There are now 70 electoral college votes up for grabs , from a low of 51 a fortnight ago .
But even if all the current toss - ups go to McCain , Obama still wins , according to Rove :
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
MINNEAPOLIS ( Reuters ) - Thousands of Ron Paul supporters gathered on Tuesday in a show of support for the former Republican presidential candidate , who has been marginalized at his own party ’s convention .
The libertarian - leaning Texas congressman sold more than 10,000 tickets , at $ 17.76 each , to a day - long “ Rally for the Republic ” at a basketball arena across the river from the Republican convention .
“ It ’s a continuation of something we started in the campaign , ” Paul told a news conference .
“ It was more or less something to satisfy the enthusiasm that had been built for the message . ”
Paul attracted a passionate , Internet - savvy following in a presidential bid that raised a surprising $ 35 million but failed to win any state nominating contests .
He formally abandoned his campaign in June , months after John McCain had locked up the Republican nomination .
Paul ’s opposition to the Iraq war and call to abolish the Federal Reserve place him sharply at odds with McCain and many other party figures .
He is not scheduled to speak at the Republican convention and was initially blocked from even attending , he said .
Paul , has not endorsed a presidential candidate , said he suspected he drew more supporters from Barack Obama , McCain ’s Democratic rival for the November 4 election , than from the Arizona senator because of his anti-war views and call for change .
Paul said his event intended to push the Republican party toward his small - government ideals by building enthusiasm and a greater understanding of the nuts and bolts of campaigning .
“ Next go - round I think our numbers are going to be a lot more noticeable , ” he said .
In an afternoon speech to the rally , former Minnesota Gov. Jesse Ventura questioned whether the U.S. government was hiding information about the September 11 attacks and hinted at a presidential run in four years .
“ Let ’s get the revolution going , ” Ventura told the cheering crowd .
“ If I see it in 2012 we ’ll give them a race they ’ll never forget . ”
Tunisia :
More than just censorship
Three more blogs have been blocked in Tunisia this week .
These blogs , Mochagheb ( Disturber ) , Ennaqed ( The Critic ) and Place Mohamed Ali have all been particularly active in providing news of the struggle of The Tunisian General Labour Union ( UGTT ) , and especially about the latest social unrest in the southwestern phosphate mining region of Gafsa , where two people have been killed .
One was shot dead by security forces and the other was electrocuted inside a local electric generator .
I asked the Tunisian blogger Ennaqed about the censorship of his blog in Tunisia .
He said :
I think that the main reason of banning my blog is crossing the “ red lines ” that are constraining the media in Tunisia by talking about issues that are completely ignored by mainstream media .
Last year , I was seriously engaged in covering the hunger strike of three Tunisian secondary school teachers who were expelled from their jobs for political reasons , and my blog was blocked temporarily .
And like the rest of the Tunisian bloggers , I was blogging about the revolt in the mining region and recently about the prisoner swap between Israel and Hezbullah , and the remains of eight Tunisian men handed over by Israel .
But , honestly , I think that the most direct reason for banning my blog might be my last blog post about the participation of an Israeli delegation in the 31st Congress of the International Geography Union ( IGU ) that is taking place in Tunisia .
What I actually did is copy and re-post a press release about a group of Palestinian geographers who are boycotting the aforementioned conference because of Israeli participation .
On June 21 the censorship passed beyond all reason and banned the first and only podcasting Tunisian blog Radyoun ( Radio ) run by a group of Tunisian bloggers dedicated to discussing social and cultural topics .
Apparently , the podcast debate about the sporadic protests in the poor mining region of Gasfa and about the freedom of expression led to the banning of the blog .
This is a non-comprehensive list of blocked blogs in Tunisia .
Please keep in mind that the list does not include blocked websites :
Attacks on video - sharing websites
Despite the fact that Tunisian authorities have permanently blocked access to both popular video - sharing websites Dailymotion and YouTube , on 3 September , 2007 and 2 November , 2007 respectively , Tunisian netizens have still managed to access these websites to either watch or share videos .
And while the Tunisian government worked hard to ensure that the polished image of a “ secular , modern and democratic ” state would not be marred by any “ negative ” information disseminated by opponents on the web , Tunisian video activists and bloggers kept the spotlight on the Redeyef revolt exposing harsh repression and flooding both banned video - sharing websites Youtube and Dailymotion with footage of demonstrators , protesting against unemployment and nepotism , clashing with the police .
And when the official media remained silent about the death of two demonstrators , videos of the victims , the wounded and the use of firearms against civilians , were smuggled out of Tunisia and posted on the video - sharing websites .
The anti-censorship campaigns
Interest in online censorship in Tunisia has never been higher since the World Summit on the Information Society ( WSIS ) in Tunis in November 2005 when a hardcore group of Tunisian bloggers and activists supported by sympathizers , organized a successful online campaign around Yezzi Fock Ben Ali ( Enough is enough , Ben Ali ) a “ Freedom of Expression in Mourning ! ” campaign , the entire field of the online battle for freedom of speech has changed .
The transformation owes to the growing number of bloggers , video and Facebook activists who are walking down the path of digital activism that was gradually and patiently traced by the first pioneers of the Tunisian online free speech movement who brilliantly used web 2.0 tools ( videos , mash - ups , photos , etc. ) to protest the crackdown on online free speech .
Badges of Tunisian online anticensorship campaigns
There is a growing number of blog posts and comments talking and / or protesting censorship .
According to the advanced search engine of the recently launched North African Blogs aggregator , Berberus ( Beta ) , of the 274 blog posts containing the word “ censure ” ( censorship ) , 165 are Tunisian .
And of the 256 comments containing the same word , 98 were left on Tunisian blogs .
Compared with other North African Internet users , Tunisian Netizens seem to be much more interested in censorship than their counterparts in Algeria and Morocco .
This trend is confirmed by the following graphs , generated by Google Insights for Search :
Back to April 2007 .
Following the ban on Dailymotion , Tunisian bloggers and activists from Nawaat.org launched the “ Unblock Dailymotion campaign ” in order to draw public attention to the aggressive online censorship policy adopted by the Tunisian regime .
Cybversion.org blog was created to protest the ban of the Dailymotion and has since evolved into a group blog documenting censorship , anti-censorship and digital activism in Tunisia .
Fifty - one Tunisian bloggers are now running a new anti-censorship blog campaign launched on June 20 that encourages the local blogsphere to republish posts from censored blogs as part of the campaign to sensitize the public to the issue of online free speech .
The blog campaign has received a lot of media attention from the Arab world and has been featured on the official website of Al Jazeera and the Qatari “ Al - Arab ” newspaper .
Badges and a headline widgets that use the free Feed2JS service displaying headlines of the anti-censorship blog campaign have been designed to build community around the blogs and help Tunisian bloggers stay updated about newly published content .
July 1st , is now “ I blog for freedom of expression ” day which Tunisian bloggers celebrate by blogging about free speech and / or by displaying a badge .
Meanwhile , from time to time , Tunisian bloggers carry out ad - hoc campaigns to protest the banning of specific blogs or websites like the Blank Post Day that has been organized twice : the first time on 25 December 2006 and the second on 25 December 2007 .
Tunisian netizens bid farewell to Facebook
On the social networking websites , Facebook , several groups protesting online censorship in Tunisia have been created .
The most important one has so far gathered more than 620 members .
Other groups have been created requesting the ATI ( The Tunisian Internet Agency , which oversees Web distribution in the country ) not to block Facebeook , which , unfortunately , seems to be blocked since yesterday by at least two of the country ’s largest ISPs ( Globalnet and PlaNet ) , as reported by several Tunisian bloggers and Facebook groups who were faced yesterday with the famous Tunisian 404 block page that states that the requested Web site could not be found .
It 's far more than just censorship
Blocking web 2.0 websites ( Youtube , Dailymotion , Facebook ) and barring access to local outspoken websites and blogs is the most obvious way of cracking down of the online free speech in Tunisia .
It should be emphasized , however , that this is only one tool in the regime 's hand .
Tunisia has adapted to the web 2.0 revolution by developing a broader strategy composed of a wide range of instruments including :
Punishing and persecuting outspoken online writers , bloggers and dissidents :
Between 2001 and 2008 more than 12 people have been arrested and / or sentenced because of their online activities :
Creating an atmosphere of fear :
As is the case of China , creating a strong atmosphere of fear and a climate of intimidation has led Tunisian citizen to in general adopt a low profile vis-a - vis freedom of expression .
During the last 7 years , most internet users and bloggers were censoring themselves by avoiding to raise their voices to address political topics or write freely bypassing the strict state censorship .
Only a handful of activists , cyber dissidents and bloggers , usually the same men , are leading the free speech movement on the Internet , going well beyond these limits and even organizing an online anti-propaganda machine to the official one .
Hacking of dissident websites and blogs :
Almost every single Tunisian opposition website and self - hosted blog has been the victim of one or more hacking incidents .
While there is no solid evidence that the Tunisian regime is behind attempts to take down opponent websites , there is quite a strong feeling among Tunisian opposition figures that the government is carrying out cyber- attacks , given their frequency and the nature of the targeted websites and blogs .
Moncef Marzouki , one of Tunisia 's most prominent human rights defenders ( former President of the Tunisian League for Human Rights and leader of the banned opposition party Congrès Pour la République ) openly accused the Tunisian regime of orchestrating and waging these destructive attacks against the opposition Web : “ In a week my website was hacked four times (…)
All of this , of course , happened simultaneously with the hacking of web based email accounts that the Tunisian police is carrying out against Human rights advocates and political opponents . “
Screenshots of hacked Tunisian websites
What we have seen more recently is that the attack on collective blog Nawaat.org ( deleting of the database and ftp files ) happened simultaneously with the hacking of the personal blogs and email accounts of the activists running Nawaat .
According to a press release issued on 16 June , 2008 , Reporters Without Borders stated that :
The Tunisian news and blog wesbite Nawaat ( http://www.nawaat.org/) yesterday suffered its most serious hacker attack since its creation .
Its database was erased and its home page was modified ( see photo ) .
Blogs by human rights activists Sami Ben Gharbia ( http://www.kitab.nl/ ) and Astrubal ( http://astrubal.nawaat.org/) were also affected .
Their blogs continue to be inaccessible and their databases have been badly damaged .
The websites have been restored although some dysfunction continues .
This is a non comprehensive list of blogs and websites targeted :
CPR , the website of the banned opposition party the Congress for the Republic ( September 10th 2007 )
Tunis Online ( January 19th , 2008 )
Slim Boukhdhir Blog ( July 6th , 2007 ) his blog got hacked and completely deleted .
Reveil Tunisien ( December 21th , 2007 ) the website got hacked and completely deleted .
Filtering emails :
As reported earlier by Reporters Without Borders and some Tunisian NGOs , Tunisian human rights defenders are having trouble reading their emails on the three important web based mail clients : Yahoo , Gmail and Hotmail :
Reporters Without Borders is also surprised by the problems Tunisian Internet users are having with their email .
Messages sent to them by human rights organisations such as the International Association for Supporting Political Prisoners ( AISPP ) , the Tunisnews website or Reporters Without Borders are illegible on arrival .
Several sources said the messages can be seen in the inbox and can be opened , but often there is nothing inside .
Once opened , they disappear from the inbox .
“ It looks like badly concealed filtering , ” a specialist said .
It is worth noting that the issue does not affect “ fresh / new ” webmail accounts and it only happens when you log in to these accounts from within Tunisia .
I have personally run a test , from The Netherlands with Tunisian lawyer Abdel Wahab Maatar and Tunisian blogger , activist , and former political prisoner Abdallah Zouari .
I logged into their email accounts and was able to read their emails normally .
The content I saw displayed was not the same they were reading .
Here are two screenshots of the test .
The first is from The Netherlands where I 'm base and the second from Tunisia :
So it seems the email accounts of some Tunisian Internet users are being monitored by Deep Packet Inspection ( DPI ) without their knowledge .
DPI is a technology that has the ability to monitor the online activity and filter the traffic on the network by removing “ unwanted ” material from the actual body of received emails .
Recently , I asked Robert Guerra – a Toronto - base technologist who helps NGOs with data privacy , secure communications and information security about this .
These are his comments :
Rails App Performance Monitoring
About a week ago , I signed up for a free trial of New Relic ’s RPM .
The only app that I really manage day to day right now is My Mile Marker ( M3 as I ’ll now refer to it ) , so I installed the plugin and redeployed the app .
Overview Page
I was stoked a day later when I logged into the New Relic overview for M3 and started checking out what they had to offer .
The graphs are nice and give you a good idea of what is going on in your application .
I could see that M3 uses between 125MB – 150 MB of RAM ( 60 - 75 MB per mongrel instance ) and that CPU utilization is pretty low .
Also , the response time is generally related to the load and is perfectly acceptable .
Controller and Action Performance Page
On the controllers page , they have a cool chart that shows your slowest controller actions .
Obviously , actions that write to the database are slower than those that read .
If you click on an action , you are presented with a breakdown of that action , so you can see what is causing the slowness .
Very helpful .
For example , in the /histories / destroy action , History # save is taking up most of the time .
That is most likely because we have to adjust the numbers of previous histories each time you delete a history .
Index Hunter
One of my favorite graphs / features in New Relic is the index hunter .
It ’s a really practical application of performance monitoring .
If queries are really slow , chances are they need some sort of database index .
Scalability Charts
One of the more interesting features that will probably be of interest to those managing large applications is the scalability analysis .
New Relic presents a scatter plot chart with a line through it that is your “ scalability ” line .
Basically , if this lines starts going up on the CPU , response time , or database scalability graph , it is time to start beefing up your servers or adding some caching .
Below is the database scalability analysis for M3 .
We have a ways to go before needing to address things .
Suggestions
After using the service for a bit I thought of a few things that would be nice .
First , more information on what the charts really mean .
Charts are a great way to visualize information but if you do n’t know what the numbers “ mean ” it does n’t matter .
There were a few places I was n’t sure on what things were until I visited the help section .
More help inline with the charts would be nice .
Second , I ’d like to be able to create custom events .
New Relic is measuring performance .
Performance is all about tweaking and measuring .
When I tweak something , such as add a database index , I ’d like to see how that affects performance .
It would be cool to show the events you create over - layed on each of the line charts .
This would all you to see that your response time lowered and immediately know that it was because you added a database index or some caching .
I can see this being really helpful for teams that are n’t always aware of everything other team members are doing .
Conclusion
There is no reason not to add New Relic light into all your applications .
It is free , keeps track of 30 minutes of data and will help you when stuff goes wrong .
If you want things like the index hunter and the scalability analysis , you are going to need to pay , but if you have an app that big , you are probably making money on it so it the price wo n’t matter .
Trust me , after having to figure out some of the things manually that New Relic automates , it is worth the money .
Related Links
Canadian ISPs Plan Net Censorship Concerns grow that Canada 's plan will wipeout alt news sites and spread to U.S. By Mike Finch A net - neutrality activist group has uncovered plans for the demise of the free Internet by 2010 in Canada .
By 2012 , the group says , the trend will be global .
Bell Canada and TELUS , Canada ’s two largest Internet service providers ( ISPs ) , will begin charging per-site fees on most Internet sites , reports anonymous sources within TELUS .
“ It 's beyond censorship , it is killing the biggest ecosystem of free expression and freedom of speech that has ever existed , ” I Power spokesperson Reese Leysen said .
I Power was the first group to report on the possible changes .
Bell Canada has not returned calls or emails .
The plans made by the large telecom businesses would change the Internet into a cable - like system , where customers sign up for specific web sites , and must pay to see each individual site beyond a certain point .
Subscription browsing would be limited , extra fees would be applied to access out - of - network sites .
Many sites would be blocked altogether .
“ We had inside sources from bigger companies who gave us the information on how exclusivity deals are being made at this moment between ISPs and big content providers ( like TV production studios and major video game publishers ) to decide which web sites will be in the ‘ standard package ’ offered to their customers , leaving all the rest of the Internet unreachable unless you pay extra subscription fees per every ‘ non - standard ’ site you visit , ” Leysen said .
“ We knew the source to be 100 % reliable , but we also knew the story would be highly controversial if we released the information .
We did it because we knew that we ’d get more official confirmations once we ’d come forward with it .
And indeed that is what happened .
Dylan Pattyn , who is writing the soon - to - be published article for Time Magazine , received confirmation from sources within Bell Canada and TELUS after we released the information . ”
The plans would in effect be economic censorship , with only the top 100 to 200 sites making the cut in the initial subscription package .
Such plans would likely favor major news outlets and suppress smaller news outlets , as the major news outlets would be free ( with subscription ) , and alternative news outlets , like AFP , would incur a fee for every visit .
“ The Internet will become a playground for billion - dollar content providers just like television is , ” said Leysen .
“ It wo n’t be possible for a few teenagers in their parents ’ basement to start a small site like E - bay that then grows out to be the next big thing anymore .
Right now the Internet belongs to those with the greatest ideas .
In the future , it ’ll belong to those with the biggest budgets . ”
With plans in Canada uncovered , I Power thinks that companies in the United States and other nations are also planning similar actions .
“ By 2012 ISPs all over the globe will reduce Internet access to a TV - like subscription model , only offering access to a small standard amount of commercial sites and require extra fees for every other site you visit .
These ‘ other ’ sites would then lose all their exposure and eventually shut down , resulting in what could be seen as the end of the Internet , ” Leysen said .
Such a subscription plan could possibly restrict free speech far beyond even the current restrictions set by the governments of communist China .
Not only would browsing be limited , but privacy would be invaded , as every web site viewed would likely be recorded on a bill in a manner similar to a phone bill .
Why would the ISPs institute such a plan ?
One word : money .
“ This new subscription model is commercially far more beneficial to them than how it is now , ” Leysen said .
“ If Fox wants to launch a new television show online , they ’ll have to pay big money to all major ISPs to ensure that their new show will be offered and pushed in the ‘ standard package ’ of sites / services / channels that people will get through their Internet access .
Plus ISPs will also gain extra revenue out of people trying to access the rest of the Internet , as they ’ll pay extra subscription fees for every web site they visit . ”
But it ’s not just the big ISPs that stand to gain .
“ Marketing and big budget ‘ content - pushing ’ just does n’t seem to work on the Internet , and this is something that several industries want fixed .
ISPs know this and will benefit greatly by fixing this for the marketing and entertainment industry , ” Leysen said .
The ISPs are said to be confident they can institute such plans through deceptive marketing and fear tactics .
“ The Internet will be more and more marketed as a place full of child pornography and other horrible illegal activity in order to get people on their [ the ISP ’s ] side once they start restricting it and make it ‘ safer , ’ ” Leysen said .
“ Unless we really make a stand for this and make sure that mainstream media thoroughly covers the issue , the whole thing will be eased in with proper marketing to make sure that most mainstream customers wo n’t make a big deal out of it .
They will only realize what was lost long after it ’s gone . ”
For more information about this story see http://ipower.ning.com
For more information about Internet freedom : savetheinternet.com
Paying the piper , reaping the returns
Hans -Joachim Voth
Around the globe , politically connected firms are more valuable .
Nazi Germany was no different , though historians have lacked convincing evidence to prove that claim .
This column shows that Nazi - linked firms reaped astoundingly large returns when Adolf Hitler came to power .
Few days defined the course of 20th century history as decisively as January 30th , 1933 .
With Adolf Hitler ’s seizure of power in Germany , the course was set for another world war with millions of casualties , for genocide on an unprecedented scale , and for the abrupt end of Weimar ’s vibrant cultural and intellectual life .
Who profited from the Nazi rise to power ?
Long before the first cabinet meeting was held under Chancellor Hitler , Communists had argued that the Nazi party was simply an instrument of capitalist forces .
Memoirs of ambassadors and the investigations leading up to the Nuremberg trial seemed to confirm the complicity of many leading business men in the Nazi rise to power .
This consensus was shattered a generation ago , when historians – Henry A. Turner ( 1985 ) most prominently among them – started to argue that there was no “ smoking gun ” linking big business and the Nazi party before 1933 .
Connections , he argued , had been isolated , were unrepresentative , and the total support given did not amount to much .
Instead of trawling the same overfished archives , Thomas Ferguson and I decided to look at what the financial markets saw when the Nazi party suddenly came to power ( Ferguson and Voth 2005 ) .
Instead of having to assess the importance of every interaction between individuals , stock markets have the beauty that people have to put their money where their belief is .
If the Nazi party ’s rise to power made a big difference to the value of a firm that had given early support to the party , chances are that these contacts mattered .
Connected to the Nazis
Earlier academic work had focused mainly on the actions of managers .
We broadened our definition of “ connection ” , by also analysing supervisory board members .
Boards were particularly important in German public companies .
Banks , for example , exercised power over affiliated companies through seats on supervisory boards .
Any knowledgeable observer of the German corporate scene would have examined board composition to assess the political and economic positioning of a firm .
An essential part of the work was to pin down supervisory board membership at the time of the takeover , which we did by analysing contemporary German sources .
In total , we found that 119 firms had connections with the Nazi party prior to January 1933 .
We counted leading businessmen as connected if they did one of three things :
contributed funds to the Nazi party ; signed an appeal in the fall of 1932 , directed to the German President Paul von Hindenburg , to make Hitler chancellor ; contributed to two organisations designed to ’ teach the Nazis economics ’ – the Keppler Kreis and the Arbeitsstelle Schacht .
Financial support has long been regarded as the most important way in which big business aided the rise of the Nazi party .
We go beyond this definition since an emerging consensus holds that membership contributions were the main source of party funding .
While donating funds may have made a difference at critical junctures , it was probably not the most important form of support that Weimar ’s business elite had to offer .
Hitler ’s coming to office ultimately depended on the decision of the largely senile German President , Paul von Hindenburg .
He personally loathed the “ Bohemian corporal ” .
The conservative advisors around him were also sceptical about the Austrian firebrand .
By organising an appeal to the President in the fall of 1932 , when the Nazis had become the largest party in the German parliament , key players in the German business elite made Hitler a much more serious contender for power .
Their backing lent an aura of respectability to “ brown rabble ” .
By backing Hitler when and where it mattered most , German big business endorsed the radical movement ’s suitability for office ( Mommsen 2004 ) .
Funding small policy units within the party worked in the same direction .
Prior to 1932 , Nazi economic policy was largely dominated by cranks such as the party ’s economist Gottfried Feder .
His ideas included bills that would only keep their value if used constantly in transactions – to reduce incentives to keep “ dead capital ” .
By raising the level of economic thinking in the Nazi party , businessmen made it a more serious contender for power .
Measuring performance
To measure performance , we collected the monthly stock price of 789 firms listed on the Berlin stock exchange .
Prices were collected for the 10th of every month , from the day the exchanges opened again after the financial crisis of 1931 to May 1933 .
We also collected information on the sector in which firms operated , the dividends they paid , their capital structure , and the overall market capitalisation .
We defined 10 January 1933 as the last date before some investors may have suspected that the Nazi party might enter office .
Some important meetings had already taken place by this date , but very few would have confidently predicted that on January 30th , Adolf Hitler would be German chancellor .
As late as December 31st , many journalists who wrote “ the year in review ” columns had predicted that the Nazi wave had reached the high - water mark and would be receding .
How big was the Nazi premium ?
Firms connected with the Nazi party outperformed unaffiliated firms massively .
Their share prices rose by 7.2 % between January and March 1933 ( 43 % annualised ) , compared to 0.2 % ( 1.2 % annualised ) for unaffiliated firms .
The politically induced change was equivalent to 5.8 % of total market capitalisation .
This is a high number by international standards .
Johnson and Mitton ( 2003 ) estimate that revaluation of political connections in Malaysia during the East Asian crisis wiped 5.8 % of share values .
While comparable in magnitude , it took 12 months for this change to occur .
Figure 1 . Distribution of returns for connected and unconnected firms , January to March 1933
Affiliated firms did better , no matter their mode of connection with the party .
The return differential favouring connected firms existed for both small and large firms , for firms in nine out of eleven sectors , and for those with high and low dividend yields .
We also examined if expected rearmament was to blame for the value of connections , using lists of potential defence contractors compiled by the German armed forces ( Hansen 1978 ) .
Our finding persists .
Why it paid
Around the globe , politically connected firms are more valuable ( Faccio 2006 ) .
Nazi Germany was no different , but the sheer magnitude of the connection premium is astounding .
Why did early connections with the party pay off as handsomely as they did ?
We do not know if loyalty was rewarded with additional contracts , loans on favourable terms , or in some other way such as privileged access to foreign exchange .
What is clear is that not enough firms sought to affiliate with the Nazis prior to January 1933 to drive the expected benefit – as seen by stock market investors – down to zero .
This means that either many firms expected the benefits from association to be low ( the Nazi party ’s rise to power may have been a genuine surprise ) , or that they would not contemplate giving support for a variety of political reasons .
References
Faccio , Mara , “ Politically Connected Firms , ” American Economic Review , 96 ( 1 ) ( 2006 ) , 369–386 .
Ferguson , Thomas and Hans - Joachim Voth , “ Betting on Hitler – The Value of Political Connections in Nazi Germany , ” April 2005 , CEPR Discussion Paper 5021 , and Quarterly Journal of Economics 123 ( 1 ) ( 2008 ) , 101-137 .
Hansen , Ernst Willi , Reichswehr und Industrie : Rüstungswirtschaftliche Zusammenarbeit und wirtschaftliche Mobilmachungsvorbereitungen 1923 –1932 ( Boppard am Rhein : Boldt , 1978 ) .
Johnson , Simon , and Todd Mitton , “ Cronyism and Capital Controls : Evidence from Malaysia , ” Journal of Financial Economics , 67 ( 2 ) ( 2003 ) , 351–382 .
Mommsen , Hans , Aufstieg und Untergang der Republik von Weimar , 2nd ed. ( Munich : Ullstein Heyne , 2004 ) .
Turner , Henry A. , German Big Business and the Rise of Hitler ( New York , NY : Oxford University Press , 1985 ) .
Does napping after a meal affect memory formation ?
— Yadhu Kumar , Konstanz , Germany
Neuroendocrinologists Manfred Hallschmid and Susanne Diekelmann of the University of Lbeck in Germany reply :
THE PAST two decades have yielded considerable evidence for sleep ’s pivotal role in memory consolidation .
The lion ’s share of research has focused on the relevance of longer periods of nocturnal rest .
For that reason , the duration that is actually needed for sleep ’s effects on memory to become behaviorally relevant has not yet been exhaustively investigated .
We have reason to assume , however , that even short periods of rest can indeed improve memory formation .
There are only a handful of studies investigating the effect of a short nap on the consolidation of declarative memories , which involve facts and events .
Most of these studies have reported better memory performance after sleep as compared with wakefulness , revealing improvements of 4 to 46 percent in word - pair memory after a nap and a 3 percent loss to a 28 percent improvement after wakefulness .
Even an ultrashort catnap of about six minutes resulted in better memory retention than staying awake did , but a longer doze of 35 minutes was clearly superior .
Interestingly , a number of experiments have indicated that sleep improves memory regardless of whether it occurs during the night or the day , which further highlights the cognitive potential of a postprandial nap .
Research on procedural memory , which comprises perceptual and motor skills ( such as learning to play an instrument ) , has found that a short siesta of 60 to 90 minutes improves visual perception only if the nap includes both slow - wave and rapid - eye - movement sleep , the two phases that the brain cycles through while we doze .
In studies focusing on motor skills , such as those in which subjects were asked to repetitively type certain keyboard sequences , a posttraining nap of 60 to 90 minutes likewise improved finger - tapping performance .
Even so , the study participants did not show as much improvement after the nap as they did after the following full night of sleep .
In sum , these observations suggest that napping may indeed help you remember what you have just learned but that you need longer periods of shut - eye to tap the full potential of sleep .
Why do we find it funny when someone falls down ?
— William B. Keith , Houston
William F. Fry , a psychiatrist and laughter researcher at Stanford University , explains :
EVERY HUMAN develops a sense of humor , and everyone ’s taste is slightly different .
But certain fundamental aspects of humor help explain why a misstep may elicit laughter .
The first requirement is the “ play frame , ” which puts a real - life event in a nonserious context and allows for an atypical psychological reaction .
Play frames explain why most people will not find it comical if someone falls from a 10 - story building and dies : in this instance , the falling person ’s distress hinders the establishment of the nonserious context .
But if a woman casually walking down the street trips and flails hopelessly as she stumbles to the ground , the play frame may be established , and an observer may find the event amusing .
Another crucial characteristic is incongruity , which can be seen in the improbable or inconsistent relation between the “ punch line ” and the “ body ” of a joke or experience .
Falls are incongruent in the normal course of life in that they are unexpected .
So despite our innate empathetic reaction — you poor fellow !— our incongruity instinct may be more powerful .
Provided that the fall event establishes a play frame , mirth will likely ensue .
Play frames and incongruity are psychological concepts ; only recently has neurobiology caught up with them .
In the early 1990s the discovery of mirror neurons led to a new way to understand the incongruity aspect of humor .
When we fall down , we thrash about as we reach out to catch ourselves .
Neurons in our brain control these movements .
But when we observe another person stumbling , some of our own neurons fire as if we were the person doing the flailing — these mirror neurons are duplicating the patterns of activity in the falling person ’s brain .
My hypothesis regarding the relevance of this mechanism for humor behavior is that the observer ’s brain is “ tickled ” by that neurological “ ghost . ”
The observer experiences an unconscious stimulation from that ghost , reinforcing the incongruity perception .
Note :
This story was originally published with the title , " Ask the Brains " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A Welsh hill has been upgraded to a mountain after it was discovered its official measurement was listed incorrectly on maps .
The Ordnance Survey agreed to reclassify Mynydd Graig Goch after walkers found that instead of being 609 m , it was actually 609.75 m , therefore reaching the mountain status threshold by 15 cm ( six inches ) .
Nick Ravenscroft speaks to hill walker Myrddyn Pillips about why status matters .
Teaching evolution to young Christian skeptics
Teacher brings key scientific doctrine to skeptical teens
David Campbell switched on the overhead projector and wrote " Evolution " in the rectangle of light on the screen .
He scanned the faces of the sophomores in his Biology I class .
Many of them , he knew from years of teaching high school in this Jacksonville suburb , had been raised to take the biblical creation story as truth .
His gaze rested for a moment on Bryce Haas , a football player who attended the 6 a.m. prayer meetings of the Fellowship of Christian Athletes in the school gymnasium .
" If I do this wrong , " Campbell remembers thinking on that humid spring morning , " I 'll lose him . "
In February , the Florida Department of Education modified its standards to explicitly require , for the first time , the state 's public schools to teach evolution , calling it " the organizing principle of life science . "
Spurred in part by legal rulings against school districts seeking to favor religious versions of natural history , over a dozen other states have also given more emphasis in recent years to what has long been the scientific consensus : that all of the diverse life forms on Earth descended from a common ancestor , through a process of mutation and natural selection , over billions of years .
But in a nation where evangelical Protestantism and other Christian traditions stress a literal reading of the biblical description of God 's individually creating each species , students often arrive at school fearing that evolution , and perhaps science itself , is hostile to their faith .
Some come armed with " Ten questions to ask your biology teacher about evolution , " a document circulated on the Internet that highlights supposed weaknesses in evolutionary theory .
Others scrawl their opposition on homework assignments .
Many just tune out .
With a mandate to teach evolution but little guidance as to how , science teachers are contriving their own ways to turn a culture war into a lesson plan .
How they fare may bear on whether a new generation of Americans embraces scientific evidence alongside religious belief .
" If you see something you do n't understand , you have to ask ' why ? ' or ' how ? " '
Campbell often admonished his students at Ridgeview High School .
Yet their abiding mistrust in evolution , he feared , jeopardized their belief in the basic power of science to explain the natural world - and their ability to make sense of it themselves .
Passionate on the subject , Campbell had helped to devise the state 's new evolution standards , which will be phased in starting this fall .
A former Navy flight instructor not used to pulling his punches , he fought hard for their passage .
But with his students this spring , he found himself treading carefully , as he tried to bridge an ideological divide that stretches well beyond his classroom .
He started with Mickey Mouse .
On the projector , Campbell placed slides of the cartoon icon : one at his skinny genesis in 1928 ; one from his 1940 turn as the impish Sorcerer 's Apprentice ; and another of the rounded , ingratiating charmer of Mouse Club fame .
" How , " he asked his students , " has Mickey changed ? "
Natives of Disney World 's home state , they waved their hands and called out answers .
" His tail gets shorter , " Bryce volunteered .
" Bigger eyes ! " someone else shouted .
" He looks happier , " one girl observed .
" And cuter . "
Campbell smiled .
" Mickey evolved , " he said .
" And Mickey gets cuter because Walt Disney makes more money that way .
That is ' selection . ' "
Later , he would get to the touchier part , about how the minute changes in organisms that drive biological change arise spontaneously , without direction .
And how a struggle for existence among naturally varying individuals has helped to generate every species , living and extinct , on the planet .
For now , it was enough that they were listening .
He strode back to the projector , past his menagerie of snakes and baby turtles , and pointed to the word he had written in the beginning of class .
" Evolution has been the focus of a lot of debate in our state this year , " he said .
" If you read the newspapers , everyone is arguing , 'is it a theory , is it not a theory ? '
The answer is , we can observe it .
We can see it happen , just like you can see it in Mickey . "
Some students were nodding .
As the bell rang , Campbell stood by the door , satisfied .
But Bryce , heavyset with blond curls , left with a stage whisper as he slung his knapsack over his shoulder .
" I can see something else , too , " he said .
" I can see that there 's no way I came from an ape . "
As recently as three years ago , the state guidelines that govern science education in more than a third of American public schools gave exceedingly short shrift to evolution , education experts said .
Some still do .
In Louisiana , religious advocates lobbied successfully this summer for a law that protects the right of local schools to teach alternative theories for the origin of species , even though there are none that scientists recognize as valid .
The Florida Legislature is expected to reopen debate on a similar bill this fall .
Even states that require teachers to cover the basics of evolution , like natural selection , rarely ask them to explain in any detail how humans , in particular , evolved from earlier life forms .
That subject can be especially fraught for young people taught to believe that the basis for moral conduct lies in God 's having created man uniquely in his own image .
The poor treatment of evolution in some state education standards may reflect the public 's widely held creationist beliefs .
In Gallup polls over the last 25 years , nearly half of American adults have consistently said they believe God created all living things in their present form , sometime in the last 10,000 years .
But a 2005 defeat in federal court for a school board in Dover , Pa. , that sought to cast doubt on evolution gave legal ammunition to evolution proponents on school boards and in statehouses across the country .
In its wake , Ohio removed a requirement that biology classes include " critical analysis " of evolution .
Efforts to pass bills that implicitly condone the teaching of religious theories for life 's origins have failed in at least five states .
And as science standards come up for regular review , other states have added material on evolution to student achievement tests , and required teachers to spend more time covering it .
When Florida 's last set of science standards came out in 1996 , soon after Campbell took the teaching job at Ridgeview , he studied them in disbelief .
Though they included the concept that biological " changes over time " occur , the word evolution was not mentioned .
He called his district science supervisor .
" Is this really what they want us to teach for the next 10 years ? " he demanded .
In 2000 , when the independent Thomas B. Fordham Foundation evaluated the evolution education standards of all 50 states , Florida was among 12 to receive a grade of F. ( Kansas , which drew international attention in 1999 for deleting all mention of evolution and later embracing supernatural theories , received an F - minus . )
Campbell , 52 , who majored in biology while putting himself through Cornell University on a Reserve Officers Training Corps scholarship , taught evolution anyway .
But like nearly a third of biology teachers across the country , and more in his politically conservative district , he regularly heard from parents voicing complaints .
With no school policy to back him up , he spent less time on the subject than he would have liked .
And he bit back his irritation at Teresa Yancey , a biology teacher down the hall who taught a unit she called " Evolution or NOT . "
Animals do adapt to their environments , Yancey tells her students , but evolution alone can hardly account for the appearance of wholly different life forms .
She leaves it up to them to draw their own conclusions , but when pressed , she tells them , " I think God did it . "
Campbell was well aware of her opinion .
" I do n't think we have this great massive change over time where we go from fish to amphibians , from monkeys to man , " she once told him .
" We see lizards with different - shaped tails , we do n't see blizzards - the lizard bird . "
Fossil evidence
With some approximation of courtesy , Campbell reminded her that only a tiny fraction of organisms that ever lived had been preserved in fossils .
Even so , he informed his own students , scientists have discovered thousands of fossils that provide evidence of one species transitioning into another - including feathered dinosaurs , which some might call lizard birds .
But at the inaugural meeting of the Florida Citizens for Science , which he co-founded in 2005 , he vented his frustration .
" The kids are getting hurt , " Campbell told teachers and parents .
" We need to do something . "
The Dover decision in December of that year dealt a blow to " intelligent design , " which posits that life is too complex to be explained by evolution alone and has been widely promoted by religious advocates since the Supreme Court banned creationism from public schools in 1987 .
The federal judge in the case called the doctrine " creationism re-labeled , " and found the Dover school board had violated the constitutional separation of church and state by requiring teachers to mention it .
The school district paid $ 1 million in legal costs .
Inspired , the Florida citizens group soon contacted similar groups in other states advocating better teaching of evolution .
And in June 2007 , when his supervisor invited Campbell to help draft Florida 's new standards , he quickly accepted .
During the next six months , he made the drive to three - day meetings in Orlando and Tallahassee six times .
By January 2008 the board of education budget had run out .
But the 30 teachers on the standards committee paid for their own gasoline to attend their last meeting .
Campbell quietly rejoiced in their final draft .
Under the proposed new standards , high school students could be tested on how fossils and DNA provide evidence for evolution .
Florida students would even be expected to learn how their own species fits into the tree of life .
Heated objections
Whether the state 's board of education would adopt them , however , was unclear .
There were heated objections from some religious organizations and local school boards .
In a stormy public comment session , Campbell defended his fellow writers against complaints that they had not included alternative explanations for life 's diversity , like intelligent design .
His attempt at humor came with an edge :
" We also failed to include astrology , alchemy and the concept of the moon being made of green cheese , " he said .
" Because those are n't science , either . "
The evening of the vote , Campbell learned by e-mail message from an education official that the words " scientific theory of " had been inserted in front of " evolution " to appease opponents on the board .
Even so , the standards passed by only a 4 - 3 vote .
Campbell cringed at the wording , which seemed to suggest evolution was a kind of hunch instead of the only accepted scientific explanation for the great variety of life on Earth .
But he turned off his computer without scrolling through all of the frustrated replies from other writers .
The standards , he thought , were finally in place .
Now he just had to teach .
The morning after his Mickey Mouse gambit , he bounced a pink rubber Spalding ball on the classroom 's hard linoleum floor .
Thwack .
" Gravity , " he said .
" I can do this until the end of the semester , and I can only assume that it will work the same way each time . "
He looked around the room .
" Bryce , what is it called when natural laws are suspended - what do you call it when water changes into wine ? "
" Miracle ? " Bryce supplied .
Campbell nodded .
The ball hit the floor again .
" Science explores nature by testing and gathering data , " he said .
" It ca n't tell you what 's right and wrong .
It does n't address ethics .
But it is not anti-religion .
Science and religion just ask different questions . "
He grabbed the ball and held it still .
" Can anybody think of a question science can't answer ? "
" Is there a God ? " shot back a boy near the window .
" Good , " said Campbell , an Anglican who attends church most Sundays .
" Ca n't test it .
Ca n't prove it , ca n't disprove it .
It 's not a question for science . "
Bryce raised his hand .
" But there is scientific proof that there is a God , " he said .
" Over in Turkey there 's a piece of wood from Noah 's ark that came out of a glacier . "
Campbell chose his words carefully .
" If I could prove , tomorrow , that that chunk of wood is not from the ark , is not even 500 years old and not even from the right kind of tree - would that damage your religious faith at all ? "
Bryce thought for a moment .
" No , " he said .
The room was unusually quiet .
" Faith is not based on science , " Campbell said .
" And science is not based on faith .
I do n't expect you to ' believe ' the scientific explanation of evolution that we 're going to talk about over the next few weeks . "
" But I do , " he added , " expect you to understand it . "
Over the next weeks , Campbell regaled his students with the array of evidence on which evolutionary theory is based .
To see how diverse species are related , they studied the embryos of chickens and fish , and the anatomy of horses , cats , seals and bats .
To simulate natural selection , they pretended to be birds picking light - colored moths off tree bark newly darkened by soot .
He kept it simple .
But the dearth of questions made him uneasy .
" I still do n't have a good feeling on how well any of them are internalizing any of this , " he worried aloud .
When he was 5 , Campbell 's aunt took him on a trip from his home in Connecticut to the American Museum of Natural History in New York City .
At the end of the day , she had to pry him away from the Tyrannosaurus rex .
If this did n't hook them , he thought one Wednesday morning , admiring the cast of a T. rex brain case he set on one of the classroom 's long , black laboratory tables , nothing would .
Carefully , he distributed several other fossils , including two he had collected himself .
He placed particular hope in the jaw of a 34 - million - year - old horse ancestor .
Through chance , selection and extinction , he had told his class , today 's powerfully muscled , shoulder - high horses had evolved from squat dog - sized creatures .
The diminutive jaw , from an early horse that stood about 2 feet tall , offered proof of how the species had changed over time .
And maybe , if they accepted the evolution of Equus caballus , they could begin to contemplate the origin of Homo sapiens .
Direct comparisons
Campbell instructed the students to spend three minutes at each station .
He watched Bryce and his partner , Allie Farris , look at the illustration of a modern horse jaw he had posted next to the fossil of its Mesohippus ancestor .
Hovering , he kicked himself for not acquiring a real one to make the comparison more tangible .
But they lingered , well past their time limit .
Bryce pointed to the jaw in the picture and held the fossil up to his own mouth .
" It 's maybe the size of a dog 's jaw or a cat 's , " he said , measuring .
He looked at Allie .
" That 's pretty cool , do n't you think ? "
After class , Campbell fed the turtles .
It was time for a test , he thought .
Bryce came to Ridgeview as a freshman from a Christian private school where he attended junior high .
His father had died the year earlier in a motorcycle accident .
At 16 , Bryce , whose parents had made sure he read the Bible for an hour each Sunday as a child , no longer went to church .
But he did make it to the predawn meetings of the Fellowship of Christian Athletes , a national Christian sports organization whose mission statement defines the Bible as the " authoritative Word of God . "
When the subject of evolution came up at a recent fellowship meeting , several of the students rolled their eyes .
" I think a big reason evolutionists believe what they believe is they do n't want to have to be ruled by God , " said Josh Rou , 17 .
" Evolution is telling you that you 're like an animal , " Bryce agreed .
" That 's why people stand strong with Christianity , because it teaches people to lead a good life and not do wrong . "
Doug Daugherty , 17 , allowed that he liked science .
" I'll watch the Discovery Channel and say ' Ooh , that 's interesting , ' " he said .
" But there 's a difference between thinking something is interesting and believing it . "
The last question on the test Campbell passed out a week later asked students to explain two forms of evidence supporting evolutionary change and natural selection .
" I refuse to answer , " Bryce wrote .
" I do n't believe in this . "
Campbell looked at the calendar .
Perhaps this semester , he thought , he would skip over the touchy subject of human origins .
The new standards , after all , had not gone into effect .
" Maybe I 'll just give them the fetal pig dissection , " he said with a sigh .
It was n't just Bryce .
Many of the students , Campbell sensed , were not grasping the basic principles of biological evolution .
If he forced them to look at themselves in the evolutionary mirror , he risked alienating them entirely .
The discovery that a copy of " Evolution Exposed , " published by the creationist organization Answers in Genesis , was circulating among the class did not raise his flagging spirits .
The book lists each reference to evolution in the biology textbook Campbell uses and offers an explanation for why it is wrong .
Where the textbook states , for example , that " Homo sapiens appeared in Africa 200,000 years ago based on fossil and DNA evidence , " " Exposed " counters that " The fossil evidence of hominids ( alleged human ancestors ) is extremely limited . "
A pastor at a local church , Campbell learned , had given a copy of " Exposed " to every graduating senior the previous year .
But the next week , at a meeting in Tallahassee where he sorted the new science standards into course descriptions for other teachers , the words he had helped write reverberated in his head .
" Evolution , " the standards said , " is the fundamental concept underlying all biology . "
When he got home , he dug out his slide illustrating the nearly precise match between human and chimpanzee chromosomes , and prepared for a contentious class .
" True or false ? " he barked the following week , wearing a tie emblazoned with the DNA double helix .
" Humans evolved from chimpanzees . "
The students stared at him , unsure .
" True , " some called out .
" False , " he said , correcting a common misconception .
" But we do share a common ancestor . "
More gently now , he started into the story of how , 5 million or 6 million years ago , a group of primates in Africa split .
Some stayed in the forest and became chimps ; others - our ancestors - migrated to the grasslands .
On the projector , he placed a picture of the hand of a gibbon , another human cousin .
" There 's the opposable thumb , " he said , wiggling his own .
" But theirs is a longer hand because monkeys live in trees all the time , and their arms are very long . "
Campbell bent over , walking on the outer part of his foot .
He had intended to mimic how arms became shorter and legs became longer .
He planned to tell the class how our upright gait , built on a body plan inherited from tree - dwelling primates , made us prone to lower back pain .
And how , over the last 2 million years , our jaws have grown shorter , which is why wisdom teeth so often need to be removed .
But too many hands had gone up .
He answered as fast as he could , his pulse quickening as it had rarely done since his days on his high school debate team .
" If that really happened , " Allie Farris wanted to know , " would n't you still see things evolving ? "
Ongoing process
" We do , " he said .
" But this is happening over millions of years .
With humans , if I 'm lucky I might see four generations in my lifetime . "
Caitlin Johnson , 15 , was next .
" If we had to have evolved from something , " she wanted to know , " then whatever we evolved from , where did IT evolve from ? "
" It came from earlier primates , " Campbell replied .
" And where did those come from ? "
" You can trace mammals back 250 million years , " he said .
The first ones , he reminded them , were small , mouselike creatures that lived in the shadow of dinosaurs .
Other students were jumping in .
" Even if we did split off from chimps , " someone asked , " how come they stayed the same but we changed ? "
" They did n't stay the same , " Campbell answered .
" They were smaller , more slender - they 've changed a lot . "
Bryce had been listening , studying the hand of the monkey on the screen .
" How does our hand go from being that long to just a smaller hand ? " he said .
" I do n't see how that happens . "
" If a smaller hand is beneficial , " Campbell said , " individuals with small hands will have more children , while those with bigger hands will disappear . "
" But if we came from them , why are they still around ? "
" Just because a new population evolves does n't mean the old one dies out , " Campbell said .
Bryce spoke again .
This time it was n't a question .
" So it just does n't stop , " he said .
" No , " said Campbell .
" If the environment is suitable , a species can go on for a long time . "
" What about us , " Bryce pursued .
" Are we going to evolve ? "
Campbell stopped , and took a breath .
" Yes , " he said .
" Unless we go extinct . "
When the bell rang , he knew that he had not convinced Bryce , and perhaps many of the others .
But that week , he gave the students an opportunity to answer the questions they had missed on the last test .
Grading Bryce 's paper later in the quiet of his empty classroom , he saw that this time , the question that asked for evidence of evolutionary change had been answered .
We are OPEN and accepting Room Reservations !
Our Restaurant & Gift Shop will remain closed .
Please continue to check back for details on reopening .
Thank you for your patience and understanding .
Wine country hospitality , comfortable deluxe lodging , and honest value are the guiding principles behind the Apple Farm Inn , a San Luis Obispo hotel that embodies a true atmosphere of tranquility .
Combining the charm of wine country inns with the modern conveniences of a luxury hotel , Apple Farm Inn offers the best in San Luis Obispo lodging .
Our rooms are uniquely appointed with cozy fireplaces and seating nooks .
Deluxe accommodations await you in a lush , quiet garden setting .
We are conveniently located just off US 101 , on the Central Coast of California .
From your home base at Apple Farm Inn , explore San Luis Obispo : festivals , farmers markets , Cal Poly San Luis Obispo , a historic mission , superb food , and a creek that runs through town .
Minutes away , rolling valleys offer the best in California wine tasting .
A short drive north on Highway One brings you to Hearst Castle and the spectacular shoreline of Big Sur .
Everyone here will be delighted to see you , whether you 're just looking for a night 's lodging , a weekend getaway , or a memorable experience including the romance of country inns , lush gardens , a brimming gift shop , and a step back in time at our authentic millhouse .
To enjoy the best of hotels in San Luis Obispo , California , check into the Apple Farm Inn .
You will leave your heart with us and return again and again .
Oh , brother .
Someone made the mistake of briefly remembering the 1985 cult film The Last Dragon and now it 's being willed into modern remake .
The original director 's son is producing alongside the RZA , and now Samuel L. Jackson has gotten involved :
Jackson will play Sho'nuff , the Shogun of Harlem , a role played in the original by the late Julius Carry , whose spiel included asking ego - driven questions like " Am I the baddest mofo lowdown around this town ? "
Each time his gang of thugs answered , " Sho ' nuff ! "
The updated plot will be along the same lines of the original , centering on young martial arts student Leroy Green in his quest through the streets of New York to achieve the highest level of martial arts accomplishment , known as the Last Dragon .
Those who achieve the high ranking possess the Glow , making them the greatest fighter alive .
It 's becoming more and more obvious that Samuel L. Jackson 's only stipulation for taking a role is that he gets to play it as a goofy , exaggerated version of himself .
Just look at this clip of the original Sho'nuff .
This could n't be a more Sam Jacksoney role .
This role is a pair of sunglasses and a backwards newsies hat just waiting for his bald head to fill in the gaps .
How housing bill helps banks , not taxpayers
How the housing rescue bill is helping banks , not taxpayers
** FILE **
The exterior view of a Countrywide banking and loan office in San Mateo , Calif . is seen in this Oct. 26 , 2007 file photo .
Countrywide Financial Corp .'s shares tumbled for the second day Wednesday , Jan. 9 , 2008 , after the nation 's largest mortgage lender said the delinquency and foreclosure rate of home loans in its portfolio surged in December .
The news drove Countrywide shares down almost 10 percent in midday trading .
( AP Photo / Paul Salkuma , file ) less ** FILE **
The exterior view of a Countrywide banking and loan office in San Mateo , Calif . is seen in this Oct. 26 , 2007 file photo .
Countrywide Financial Corp .'s shares tumbled for the second day Wednesday , ... more Photo : Paul Sakuma , AP Photo : Paul Sakuma , AP Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close
How housing bill helps banks , not taxpayers 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
This is the complicated story of how Congress ' recent $ 300 billion housing bill is a theft of taxpayer money .
To understand how it works , you must first put yourself in the shoes of Bank of America , Countrywide Financial , or any of the many U.S. banks facing big losses on delinquent mortgages .
If you are a bank , you probably make loans to people to buy homes .
You give the borrower money , and the borrower gives you a signed promise to repay - a mortgage - which is secured by the house .
Over the past five years , you got to sell a lot of your mortgages to Wall Street banks that then sold them to international investors .
Wall Street paid you well for those mortgages .
Because you did n't think you'd get stuck with them on your books , you started loaning anything to anyone .
But as the housing market 's parabolic ascent stalled , you got stuck with a lot of mortgages you had n't yet sold to Wall Street banks .
And some Wall Street banks and investors may have forced you to buy back other mortgages , sticking you with hundreds of billions in bad debt .
You also know that some of the mortgages that were sold to investors are packed with lies about the appraised value , the borrower 's income and other information that may allow investors to force you to buy them back after foreclosure .
You 've wisely been dragging your feet on sending out delinquency and foreclosure notices .
Foreclosures are recorded on your books , and you 're expecting a government bailout , so you are waiting sometimes more than a year to initiate foreclosure proceedings .
You do n't even know if some of these folks are living in their homes anymore .
You have a lot of friends in Congress .
You paid them a lot of money to be your friends .
But you know that if they start talking about passing a law that will give you a lot of taxpayer money to make up for your losses , voters might get angry and scare the representatives , who then may refuse to vote for your bill because they 're worried about getting voted out of office .
What to do ?
You can try to write a bill that is a bailout , but is disguised to appear to not be a bailout , something I call reverse legislating .
You can make it look like you are taking a significant loss on the mortgage and that you are helping people keep their homes , but in reality job one is to unload toxic waste on the taxpayer .
After thinking a while , you get an idea :
Write the bill so that you reduce the principal of the mortgage to 90 percent of the current appraised value ( this gives the homeowner 10 percent equity , the taxpayer a 10 percent cushion against losses and relieves the homeowner from having to scrape together even $ 10 for a down payment on the new loan ) .
This all makes it look like you are taking a big " haircut " by writing down the loan principal .
Better yet , include a provision that requires borrowers to share half the future appreciation with the government , creating the ridiculous image that there will be appreciation above the appraised value in the next 10 years .
But you know that 's impossible .
You know that because you 're the one who picks the appraiser .
You learned during the boom that appraisers are chosen by mortgage brokers , real estate agents , and sometimes banks .
Appraisers who do n't " hit the number " by appraising the house for the amount needed to close the deal do n't get called back and have to get a job doing something else .
A red herring
Some idiot might suggest the creation of a radically different appraisal system .
Some lawmakers may suggest that FHA or HUD select the appraiser , that the bill institute civil money penalties , or criminal penalties for improperly influencing appraisals .
But you , the bank , know just how to deal with that - with a red herring , of course .
How about deleting these effective provisions from the bill and instead adding a meaningless requirement that appraisers have more education hours ?
Or maybe we could fingerprint them ?
It does n't matter as long as it is irrelevant , but sounds relevant to a voter .
You write into the bill , of course , that only loans you choose can be refinanced in the federal assistance program .
Desperate borrowers who can't afford their current mortgage payment and would benefit from this bill are n't entitled to the federal refinancing assistance without you choosing them .
You coach your lawmakers to use the word " voluntary " a lot because people generally think that things that are voluntary are good .
But the point is that nobody gets refinancing help unless you say it 's OK .
Choosing the worst
Which homeowners are you going to allow into this refinancing program ?
The worst you can find .
Not ones merely having trouble repaying .
You 're going to start with ones who stopped making payments six months ago who will walk away regardless , or better yet who have already walked away and you just have n't foreclosed on yet .
You 're going to track them down and you may even have to pay them to sign the documents .
If it gets too dirty , you can outsource it to any of thousands of mortgage brokers who 've probably been living in their cars for the past year .
You can pay big commissions and fees to create a powerful demand to close those deals without you having to get your hands dirty in the details .
People who abandoned their homes or who still live there , but have n't made a payment in months , or a year , will sign anything you like if you give them $ 5,000 , or pay the mortgage brokers enough so they can afford to buy the borrower 's cooperation .
The borrowers , after all , are on the hook for nothing whether they sign or not .
The borrower would be wise to sign in exchange for some cash .
So that 's how you do it :
You , the bank , get rid of your most dubious mortgages by , in effect , transferring them to the federal program - and letting the taxpayers foot the bill .
On June 20 , the National Review broke the story that Bank of America had essentially written the FHA bank bailout bill and posted Bank of America 's " confidential " proposal on its Web site .
The FHA bill is identical in almost all respects .
That alone should tell taxpayers all they need to know .
I optimistically predict that within 12 months , half of these refinanced loans will result in default .
" If we had these higher - cost loan limits four years ago , buyers would not have had to go to the subprime market and would have been able to get an FHA loan , " said William E. Brown , president of the California Association of Realtors .
But in reality , real estate agents and mortgage brokers steered lots of people into subprime loans with time - delayed , exploding interest rates , because they got paid kickbacks from the lender .
The banks paid them extra money - sometimes $ 20,000 or $ 30,000 - to take a borrower with a good credit score and put the person into a bad loan with a teaser intro rate that exploded into a 12 percent monster later and included a prepayment penalty .
Why would the banks do this ?
Because it makes more money for them .
Fully 60 percent of subprime borrowers qualified for a lower rate and better loan terms than they were given .
Their mortgage brokers and real estate agents never told them they qualified for better .
If they did , the borrowers would have gotten better .
Bloated inventory
Recent reports indicate that existing home sales have increased more than expected .
Buried deeper was the fact that existing home inventory ballooned to 11.2 months .
The record inventory of 11.5 months was reached in 1982 .
Optimistic economists suggest that an additional 10 percent drop in home prices is coming , while the doomsday crowd claims housing will suffer an additional 20 to 30 percent fall .
Nobody knows , because a housing bust this big has never happened before .
But inventory does n't get this large unless sellers are way too high on price .
Coming price declines will also sap taxpayer money on these bad loans .
And $ 300 billion is n't enough .
In the same bill , Congress gave the Treasury Department authority to hand limitless taxpayer money to Fannie and Freddie , which can use it to buy mortgage bonds from irritable banks .
After finding Fannie and Freddie in bad shape , Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson will allow them to expand their portfolios by $ 200 billion , like a credit card shopping spree six months before you plan to go bankrupt .
Once again , Congress has delivered the goods to its banker bosses .
No lawmaker voted on specific terms for a Fannie and Freddie bailout , because precise terms are the things that get legislators voted out of office .
Instead , Congress gave an arguably unconstitutional spending power to the Treasury Department , which is buying worthless mortgage bonds with our tax money .
This is how to deliver $ 500 billion to the banks without leaving fingerprints .
It is the art of postmodern democratic oligarchy .
A crazy rationale
Most surreal is the ceaselessly repeated rationale for all this bailing :
If we do n't give these banks your tax money , they wo n't be able to lend it to you .
And without credit , you 're all screwed .
Let me get that straight .
If we do n't give banks our tax money , we will be in dire straits because they wo n't be able to lend us that money .
Before anyone writes about my wild conspiracy theories suggesting it 's laughable and ridiculous that banks would try to offload worthless loans onto a third party by working with mortgage brokers and appraisers to get fraudulent appraisals and false borrower income information , is n't that rather clearly and exactly how we got into this situation ?
Tesla Motors Inc. said Tuesday it has completed the development of its new powertrain .
The powertrain uses a single - speed transmission to achieve the original performance specifications of accelerating from 0 to 60 mph in " about four seconds . "
" The work is done and completed , and we are now inserting the enhanced powertrain setup into our production process , " said Darryl Siry , vice president of sales and marketing for Tesla .
In December , after a series of transmission - related delays , Tesla had said it would deliver the first batch of speedy sports cars with an interim transmission that would take about 5.7 seconds to get from 0 to 60 mph , instead of the previously promised 4ish seconds , but would replace those transmissions with a higher - torque version – free of charge – once the new transmissions were ready .
The next month , the company announced it had designed a new one - speed transmission system that would solve its problems , and earlier this month , Tesla said it would introduce the new transmission system when it enters full production by September ( see Tesla Announces New Transmission and Tesla Production Slower Than Expected ) .
And in May , Tesla Chief Technology Officer J.B. Straubel said the new powertrain was undergoing durability testing and was on track for production in August ( see Tesla Powertrain Powers Forward ) .
Also on Tuesday , Tesla announced it has selected BorgWarner Inc. to manufacture the gearbox and has been working closely with the company since early this year .
With the new gearbox and powertrain design , the Roadster 's estimated range will increase 10 percent , enabling it to drive 244 miles on a single charge .
Torque will increase 33 percent to 280 foot pounds , according to the company .
" Now that we have a final powertrain design , in a matter of months there will be hundreds of Tesla Roadsters across the country , " CEO Ze 'ev Drori said in a written statement .
" We 're heralding nothing less than a new era of the automobile . "
Siry added that Tesla has now delivered Roadsters to 27 customers .
The company last month said it had delivered " more than a dozen " of its sporty electric cars and had 15 equipped with everything but the battery and powertrain ( see Tesla Delivers More Than a Dozen Roadsters ) .
More than 50 Roadsters have started on the production line , and now that the powertrain is ready , the company expects to ramp up to starting 10 new cars per week from four " starts " per week today .
The company plans to reach 20 per week by December and reach its full capacity of about 40 cars per week by March .
Meanwhile , photos of the much - anticipated Chevrolet Volt leaked onto General Motors Corp .'s media site ahead of schedule Monday evening ( see stories from Marketwatch and Edmunds ) .
The company promptly removed the photos , saying the release was " not intentional " but that the images would be publicly released next month , according to Marketwatch .
Photos of a car rumored to be the production Volt also came out last month , but the car turned out to be a replica of the Volt concept for the Transformers 2 movie .
Date Thu , 9 Oct 2008 16:59:59 - 0700 ( PDT ) From Linus Torvalds <> Subject Linux 2.6.27
So not a lot happened after - rc9 , which is mostly good .
I certainly don't
want to have any upheavals at the end of an - rc series , although I
would n't have minded more people looking at the regression list .
That
said , I think we 're in pretty good shape , and it's not like I can hold
back releases indefinitely anyway .
The shortlog from - rc9 really is small , and I doubt many people will
notice the changes .
And as usual , if you want to know about the big
changes since 2.6.26 , the full ChangeLog is available , but people are
much better off with the human - readable explanations at
http://kernelnewbies.org/LinuxChanges
but most important is obviously to just test it .
Especially if you 've been
a bad boy ( or girl ) and have n't been testing the - rc's .
Linus
---
Ali Saidi ( 1 ) :
tcp : Fix possible double - ack w/ user dma
Alistair John Strachan ( 2 ) :
hwmon : ( abituguru3 ) Enable reading from AUX3 fan on Abit AT8 32X
hwmon : ( abituguru3 ) Enable DMI probing feature on Abit AT8 32X
Corentin Chary ( 1 ) :
eeepc -laptop : Fix hwmon interface
Daniele Lacamera ( 1 ) :
tcp : Fix tcp_hybla zero congestion window growth with small rho and large cwnd .
Darrick J. Wong ( 2 ) :
hwmon : Define sysfs interface for energy consumption register
hwmon : ( adt7473 )
Fix some bogosity in documentation file
David S. Miller ( 2 ) :
Revert " ax25 : Fix std timer socket destroy handling . "
ax 25 : Quick fix for making sure unaccepted sockets get destroyed .
Herbert Xu ( 1 ) :
net : Fix netdev_run_todo dead- lock
Jarek Poplawski ( 1 ) :
netrom : Fix sock_orphan ( ) use in nr_release
Jean Delvare ( 1 ) :
hwmon : ( it87 ) Prevent power - off on Shuttle SN68PT
Linus Torvalds ( 3 ) :
Revert " V4L/DVB ( 8904 ) : cx88 : add missing unlock_kernel "
Do n't allow splice ( ) to files opened with O_APPEND
Linux 2.6.27
Marcel Holtmann ( 3 ) :
[ Bluetooth ]
Fix double frees on error paths of btusb and bpa10 x drivers
[ Bluetooth ]
Add reset quirk for new Targus and Belkin dongles
[ Bluetooth ]
Add reset quirk for A - Link BlueUSB21 dongle
Matt Mackall ( 2 ) :
SLOB : fix bogus ksize calculation
SLOB : fix bogus ksize calculation fix
Németh Márton ( 1 ) :
[ CPUFREQ ] correct broken links and email addresses
Patrick McHardy ( 1 ) :
net : only invoke dev->change_rx_flags when device is UP
Ralf Baechle ( 1 ) :
[ MIPS ] Sibyte : Register PIO PATA device only for Swarm and Litte Sur
--
To unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in
the body of a message to majordomo@vger.kernel.org
More majordomo info at http://vger.kernel.org/majordomo-info.html
Please read the FAQ at http://www.tux.org/lkml/
Jim Mannion
Agence France Presse
September 25 , 2008
Pakistani and US troops exchanged fire along the Pakistani - Afghan border Thursday after two US military helicopters came under fire , a US military spokesman said .
Rear Admiral Gregory Smith said Pakistani soldiers at a border checkpoint were observed firing on two US OH - 58 Kiowa helicopters covering a patrol of Afghan and US troops about a mile and a half inside Afghanistan .
“ The ground forces then fired into the hillside nearby that checkpoint , gained their attention , which worked , ” Smith told AFP by telephone .
“ Unfortunately , though , the Pak unit decided to shoot down a hillside at our ground forces .
Our ground forces returned fire . ”
Smith , a spokesman for the US Central Command , said no one on either side was hit in the exchange , which occurred in late afternoon , and the helicopters never fired any rounds .
“ The whole thing lasted about five minutes , ” he said .
“ It all ended quickly . ”
The Pakistani military said its troops had fired warning shots at two helicopters which were “ well within Pakistani territory . ”
But Smith and Pentagon officials said the helicopters were in Afghan air space .
Read article
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
It 's time to cut the crap .
We are in a war .
All this political sound and fury signifies nothing .
The 2004 " Democratic Congress " was filled with closet Republicans .
Never in the history of our country , did we have such a collection of filth that spat on morality and rationality like the Nancy Pelosi types who were ( and still are ) dem puppets of George W. Bush .
And yet , even that is secondary to the self - evident theme of this paper .
Forget television ( corporate or otherwise ) , forget meaningless elections .
Forget the duh - duh - duh " debates " -- unless your meds no longer put you to sleep .
Also , forget nearly all forms of religious b.s. ( not just the fundamentalists ) .
Those guys in dresses and babblers in tents are barely primates , much less functionally intelligent children of the universe .
But most of all , forget the supreme smoke screen of our species : " politics . "
Life forms which take politics seriously are bound for extinction .
Evolution is ultimately impatient with such consensus denial of reality .
And yes , Virginia , reality IS within reach of advanced life forms ( all over the universe ) .
How could it be otherwise ?
This is our home .
Sarah Palin airheads notwithstanding , the universe is not a Motel 6 we 're just passing through on our way to comic book salvation or damnation .
Probably nothing is a better measure of the degree to which a random human is in touch with reality than knowing in your bones that " This is it . "
Ultimate realness is where we already are .
But alas , for the Sarah Palin's ( and probably billions of religiosos ) such knowing is equivalent to mind - blown insanity .
Tough .
The bubble heads who DON'T realize this are simply defective life forms which Evolution , in due course , will " select out . "
But back to the supreme repression of America .
Our country is now up to its neck in total war .
And be careful , this is n't poetic imagery , this is LITERAL FACT .
Look , the elites , fascists , and religious fanatics are n't only killing us on a genocidal scale , they are robbing us blind and boiling our bones before they turn to the " assassination solution " ( the international symbol of American society ) .
Exaggeration ?
Only human ostriches get to play the moronic and infinitely cowardly game that the God of War is not the God of American society .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Commander expects no clear Afghan victory : report Agence France - Presse
Published : Saturday October 4 , 2008
Print This Email This LONDON ( AFP ) â 
The top military commander in Afghanistan said in an interview Sunday the public should not expect " decisive military victory " there , only the reduction of the insurgency to manageable levels .
Brigadier Mark Carleton - Smith , commander of 16 Air Assault Brigade , which has just completed its second tour in Afghanistan , told the Sunday Times that people should " lower their expectations " about how the conflict will end .
He also said Britons should prepare for a possible deal with the Taliban .
" We 're not going to win this war .
It 's about reducing it to a manageable level of insurgency that 's not a strategic threat and can be managed by the Afghan army , " he told the newspaper .
Carleton - Smith said his forces had " taken the sting out of the Taliban for 2008 " but said it would be " unrealistic and probably incredible " to think that the multinational forces in Afghanistan could rid the country of armed bands .
" We may well leave with there still being a low but steady ebb of rural insurgency ...
I do n't think we should expect that when we go there wo n't be roaming bands of armed men in this part of the world , " he said .
The brigadier added : " If the Taliban were prepared to sit on the other side of the table and talk about a political settlement , then that 's precisely the sort of progress that concludes insurgencies like this .
" That should n't make people uncomfortable . "
Britain has 7,800 troops in Afghanistan as part of the NATO - led International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) and US - led operations .
In the arms race to squeeze more pundits with more laptops into a single stage , CNN has always held the lead .
They 're for keeping an up - to - the - second finger on the blogosphere 's pulse , receiving sordid tips from 21st - century Deep Throats , yes ?
Tell that to CNN 's legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin - what you up to on that screen there , Jeff ?
Advertisement
Yeah , just watchin ' a little pitch - by - pitch playoff baseball .
Despite being from NYC , looks like Toobin had to keep watch of the Cubs action last night as they continued their epic choke , dropping to 0 - 2 against the Dodgers at home .
But I can't say I blame him - being part of CNN 's pundit brigade is probably doable while half in the bag on 45 minutes of sleep .
Just ask James Carville .
[ Thanks Mark for the pic !
And Nihal and Alex too ]
What ’s New in Python 2.6 ¶
Author A.M. Kuchling ( amk at amk.ca )
This article explains the new features in Python 2.6 , released on October 1 2008 .
The release schedule is described in PEP 361 .
The major theme of Python 2.6 is preparing the migration path to Python 3.0 , a major redesign of the language .
Whenever possible , Python 2.6 incorporates new features and syntax from 3.0 while remaining compatible with existing code by not removing older features or syntax .
When it ’s not possible to do that , Python 2.6 tries to do what it can , adding compatibility functions in a future_builtins module and a - 3 switch to warn about usages that will become unsupported in 3.0 .
Some significant new packages have been added to the standard library , such as the multiprocessing and json modules , but there are n’t many new features that are n’t related to Python 3.0 in some way .
Python 2.6 also sees a number of improvements and bugfixes throughout the source .
A search through the change logs finds there were 259 patches applied and 612 bugs fixed between Python 2.5 and 2.6 .
Both figures are likely to be underestimates .
This article does n’t attempt to provide a complete specification of the new features , but instead provides a convenient overview .
For full details , you should refer to the documentation for Python 2.6 .
If you want to understand the rationale for the design and implementation , refer to the PEP for a particular new feature .
Whenever possible , “ What ’s New in Python ” links to the bug / patch item for each change .
Python 3.0 ¶
The development cycle for Python versions 2.6 and 3.0 was synchronized , with the alpha and beta releases for both versions being made on the same days .
The development of 3.0 has influenced many features in 2.6 .
Python 3.0 is a far - ranging redesign of Python that breaks compatibility with the 2.x series .
This means that existing Python code will need some conversion in order to run on Python 3.0 .
However , not all the changes in 3.0 necessarily break compatibility .
In cases where new features wo n’t cause existing code to break , they ’ve been backported to 2.6 and are described in this document in the appropriate place .
Some of the 3.0 - derived features are : A __complex__ ( ) method for converting objects to a complex number .
Alternate syntax for catching exceptions : except TypeError as exc .
The addition of functools.reduce ( ) as a synonym for the built - in reduce ( ) function .
Python 3.0 adds several new built - in functions and changes the semantics of some existing builtins .
Functions that are new in 3.0 such as bin ( ) have simply been added to Python 2.6 , but existing builtins have n’t been changed ; instead , the future_builtins module has versions with the new 3.0 semantics .
Code written to be compatible with 3.0 can do from future_builtins import hex , map as necessary .
A new command - line switch , - 3 , enables warnings about features that will be removed in Python 3.0 .
You can run code with this switch to see how much work will be necessary to port code to 3.0 .
The value of this switch is available to Python code as the boolean variable sys.
py3 kwarning , and to C extension code as Py_Py3 kWarningFlag .
See also
The 3xxx series of PEPs , which contains proposals for Python 3.0 .
PEP 3000 describes the development process for Python 3.0 .
Start with PEP 3100 that describes the general goals for Python 3.0 , and then explore the higher - numbered PEPS that propose specific features .
Changes to the Development Process ¶
While 2.6 was being developed , the Python development process underwent two significant changes : we switched from SourceForge ’s issue tracker to a customized Roundup installation , and the documentation was converted from LaTeX to reStructured Text .
New Issue Tracker : Roundup ¶
For a long time , the Python developers had been growing increasingly annoyed by Source Forge ’s bug tracker .
SourceForge ’s hosted solution does n’t permit much customization ; for example , it was n’t possible to customize the life cycle of issues .
The infrastructure committee of the Python Software Foundation therefore posted a call for issue trackers , asking volunteers to set up different products and import some of the bugs and patches from SourceForge .
Four different trackers were examined : Jira , Launchpad , Roundup , and Trac .
The committee eventually settled on Jira and Roundup as the two candidates .
Jira is a commercial product that offers no -cost hosted instances to free - software projects ; Roundup is an open - source project that requires volunteers to administer it and a server to host it .
After posting a call for volunteers , a new Roundup installation was set up at https://bugs.python.org.
One installation of Roundup can host multiple trackers , and this server now also hosts issue trackers for Jython and for the Python web site .
It will surely find other uses in the future .
Where possible , this edition of “ What ’s New in Python ” links to the bug / patch item for each change .
Hosting of the Python bug tracker is kindly provided by Upfront Systems of Stellenbosch , South Africa .
Martin von Löwis put a lot of effort into importing existing bugs and patches from SourceForge ; his scripts for this import operation are at http://svn.python.org/view/tracker/importer/ and may be useful to other projects wishing to move from SourceForge to Roundup .
See also https://bugs.python.org
The Python bug tracker .
http://bugs.jython.org:
The Jython bug tracker .
http://roundup.sourceforge.net/
Roundup downloads and documentation .
http://svn.python.org/view/tracker/importer/
Martin von Löwis ’s conversion scripts .
New Documentation Format : reStructuredText Using Sphinx ¶
The Python documentation was written using LaTeX since the project started around 1989 .
In the 1980s and early 1990s , most documentation was printed out for later study , not viewed online .
LaTeX was widely used because it provided attractive printed output while remaining straightforward to write once the basic rules of the markup were learned .
Today LaTeX is still used for writing publications destined for printing , but the landscape for programming tools has shifted .
We no longer print out reams of documentation ; instead , we browse through it online and HTML has become the most important format to support .
Unfortunately , converting LaTeX to HTML is fairly complicated and Fred L. Drake Jr. , the long - time Python documentation editor , spent a lot of time maintaining the conversion process .
Occasionally people would suggest converting the documentation into SGML and later XML , but performing a good conversion is a major task and no one ever committed the time required to finish the job .
During the 2.6 development cycle , Georg Brandl put a lot of effort into building a new toolchain for processing the documentation .
The resulting package is called Sphinx , and is available from http://sphinx-doc.org/.
Sphinx concentrates on HTML output , producing attractively styled and modern HTML ; printed output is still supported through conversion to LaTeX .
The input format is reStructuredText , a markup syntax supporting custom extensions and directives that is commonly used in the Python community .
Sphinx is a standalone package that can be used for writing , and almost two dozen other projects ( listed on the Sphinx web site ) have adopted Sphinx as their documentation tool .
See also Documenting Python Describes how to write for Python ’s documentation .
Sphinx Documentation and code for the Sphinx toolchain .
Docutils
The underlying reStructuredText parser and toolset .
PEP 343 : The ‘ with ’ statement ¶
The previous version , Python 2.5 , added the ‘ with ’ statement as an optional feature , to be enabled by a from __future__ import with_statement directive .
In 2.6 the statement no longer needs to be specially enabled ; this means that with is now always a keyword .
The rest of this section is a copy of the corresponding section from the “ What ’s New in Python 2.5 ” document ; if you ’re familiar with the ‘ with ’ statement from Python 2.5 , you can skip this section .
The ‘ with ’ statement clarifies code that previously would use try ... finally blocks to ensure that clean - up code is executed .
In this section , I ’ll discuss the statement as it will commonly be used .
In the next section , I ’ll examine the implementation details and show how to write objects for use with this statement .
The ‘ with ’ statement is a control - flow structure whose basic structure is : with expression [ as variable ] : with - block
The expression is evaluated , and it should result in an object that supports the context management protocol ( that is , has __enter__ ( ) and __exit__ ( ) methods ) .
The object ’s __enter__( ) is called before with - block is executed and therefore can run set - up code .
It also may return a value that is bound to the name variable , if given .
( Note carefully that variable is not assigned the result of expression . )
After execution of the with - block is finished , the object ’s __exit__ ( ) method is called , even if the block raised an exception , and can therefore run clean - up code .
Some standard Python objects now support the context management protocol and can be used with the ‘ with ’ statement .
File objects are one example : with open ( ' / etc / passwd ' , 'r ' ) as f : for line in f : print line ... more processing code ...
After this statement has executed , the file object in f will have been automatically closed , even if the for loop raised an exception part - way through the block .
Note
In this case , f is the same object created by open ( ) , because file .__enter__ ( ) returns self .
The threading module ’s locks and condition variables also support the ‘ with ’ statement : lock = threading .
Lock ( ) with lock : # Critical section of code ...
The lock is acquired before the block is executed and always released once the block is complete .
The localcontext ( ) function in the decimal module makes it easy to save and restore the current decimal context , which encapsulates the desired precision and rounding characteristics for computations : from decimal import Decimal , Context , localcontext # Displays with default precision of 28 digits v = Decimal ( ' 578 ' ) print v . sqrt ( ) with localcontext ( Context ( prec = 16 ) ) : #
All code in this block uses a precision of 16 digits .
#
The original context is restored on exiting the block .
print v . sqrt () Writing Context Managers ¶
Under the hood , the ‘ with ’ statement is fairly complicated .
Most people will only use ‘ with ’ in company with existing objects and do n’t need to know these details , so you can skip the rest of this section if you like .
Authors of new objects will need to understand the details of the underlying implementation and should keep reading .
A high - level explanation of the context management protocol is :
The expression is evaluated and should result in an object called a “ context manager ” .
The context manager must have __enter__ ( ) and __exit__ ( ) methods .
The context manager ’s __enter__ ( ) method is called .
The value returned is assigned to VAR .
If no as VAR clause is present , the value is simply discarded .
The code in BLOCK is executed .
If BLOCK raises an exception , the context manager ’s __exit__ ( ) method is called with three arguments , the exception details ( type , value , traceback , the same values returned by sys.exc_info( ) , which can also be None if no exception occurred ) .
The method ’s return value controls whether an exception is re-raised : any false value re-raises the exception , and True will result in suppressing it .
You ’ll only rarely want to suppress the exception , because if you do the author of the code containing the ‘ with ’ statement will never realize anything went wrong .
If BLOCK did n’t raise an exception , the __exit__ ( ) method is still called , but type , value , and traceback are all None .
Let ’s think through an example .
I wo n’t present detailed code but will only sketch the methods necessary for a database that supports transactions .
( For people unfamiliar with database terminology : a set of changes to the database are grouped into a transaction .
Transactions can be either committed , meaning that all the changes are written into the database , or rolled back , meaning that the changes are all discarded and the database is unchanged .
See any database textbook for more information . )
Let ’s assume there ’s an object representing a database connection .
Our goal will be to let the user write code like this : db_connection = DatabaseConnection ( ) with db_connection as cursor : cursor .
execute ( ' insert into ...' ) cursor .
execute ( ' delete from ...' ) # ... more operations ...
The transaction should be committed if the code in the block runs flawlessly or rolled back if there ’s an exception .
Here ’s the basic interface for DatabaseConnection that I ’ll assume : class DatabaseConnection : #
Database interface def cursor ( self ) : " Returns a cursor object and starts a new transaction " def commit ( self ) : " Commits current transaction " def rollback ( self ) : " Rolls back current transaction " The __enter__ ( ) method is pretty easy , having only to start a new transaction .
For this application the resulting cursor object would be a useful result , so the method will return it .
The user can then add as cursor to their ‘ with ’ statement to bind the cursor to a variable name .
class DatabaseConnection : ... def __enter__ ( self ) : # Code to start a new transaction cursor = self .
cursor ( ) return cursor The __exit__ ( ) method is the most complicated because it ’s where most of the work has to be done .
The method has to check if an exception occurred .
If there was no exception , the transaction is committed .
The transaction is rolled back if there was an exception .
In the code below , execution will just fall off the end of the function , returning the default value of None .
None is false , so the exception will be re-raised automatically .
If you wished , you could be more explicit and add a return statement at the marked location .
class DatabaseConnection : ... def __exit__ ( self , type , value , tb ) : if tb is None : #
No exception , so commit self .
commit ( ) else : # Exception occurred , so rollback .
self .
rollback () # return False
The contextlib module ¶
The contextlib module provides some functions and a decorator that are useful when writing objects for use with the ‘ with ’ statement .
The decorator is called contextmanager ( ) , and lets you write a single generator function instead of defining a new class .
The generator should yield exactly one value .
The code up to the yield will be executed as the __enter__ ( ) method , and the value yielded will be the method ’s return value that will get bound to the variable in the ‘ with ’ statement ’s as clause , if any .
The code after the yield will be executed in the __exit__ ( ) method .
Any exception raised in the block will be raised by the yield statement .
Using this decorator , our database example from the previous section could be written as : from contextlib import contextmanager @contextmanager def db_transaction ( connection ) : cursor = connection .
cursor ( ) try : yield cursor except : connection .
rollback ( ) raise else : connection .
commit ( ) db = DatabaseConnection ( ) with db_transaction ( db ) as cursor : ...
The contextlib module also has a nested ( mgr1 , mgr2 , ... ) function that combines a number of context managers so you do n’t need to write nested ‘ with ’ statements .
In this example , the single ‘ with ’ statement both starts a database transaction and acquires a thread lock : lock = threading .
Lock ( ) with nested ( db_transaction ( db ) , lock ) as ( cursor , locked ) : ... Finally , the closing ( ) function returns its argument so that it can be bound to a variable , and calls the argument ’s .close ( ) method at the end of the block .
import urllib , sys from contextlib import closing with closing ( urllib .
urlopen ( ' http://www.yahoo.com' ) ) as f : for line in f : sys .
stdout .
write ( line )
See also PEP 343 - The “ with ” statement PEP written by Guido van Rossum and Nick Coghlan ; implemented by Mike Bland , Guido van Rossum , and Neal Norwitz .
The PEP shows the code generated for a ‘ with ’ statement , which can be helpful in learning how the statement works .
The documentation for the contextlib module .
PEP 366 : Explicit Relative Imports From a Main Module¶ Python ’s -m switch allows running a module as a script .
When you ran a module that was located inside a package , relative imports did n’t work correctly .
The fix for Python 2.6 adds a __package__ attribute to modules .
When this attribute is present , relative imports will be relative to the value of this attribute instead of the __name__ attribute .
PEP 302 - style importers can then set __package__ as necessary .
The runpy module that implements the -m switch now does this , so relative imports will now work correctly in scripts running from inside a package .
PEP 370 : Per-user site - packages Directory ¶
When you run Python , the module search path sys.path usually includes a directory whose path ends in " site - packages " .
This directory is intended to hold locally - installed packages available to all users using a machine or a particular site installation .
Python 2.6 introduces a convention for user - specific site directories .
The directory varies depending on the platform : Unix and Mac OS X : ~/.local /
Windows : %APPDATA %/ Python
Within this directory , there will be version - specific subdirectories , such as lib / python2.6 / site - packages on Unix / Mac OS and Python 26 / site - packages on Windows .
If you do n’t like the default directory , it can be overridden by an environment variable .
PYTHONUSERBASE sets the root directory used for all Python versions supporting this feature .
On Windows , the directory for application - specific data can be changed by setting the APPDATA environment variable .
You can also modify the site .
py file for your Python installation .
The feature can be disabled entirely by running Python with the -s option or setting the PYTHONNOUSERSITE environment variable .
See also PEP 370 - Per-user site - packages Directory PEP written and implemented by Christian Heimes .
PEP 371 : The multiprocessing Package ¶
The new multiprocessing package lets Python programs create new processes that will perform a computation and return a result to the parent .
The parent and child processes can communicate using queues and pipes , synchronize their operations using locks and semaphores , and can share simple arrays of data .
The multiprocessing module started out as an exact emulation of the threading module using processes instead of threads .
That goal was discarded along the path to Python 2.6 , but the general approach of the module is still similar .
The fundamental class is the Process , which is passed a callable object and a collection of arguments .
The start ( ) method sets the callable running in a subprocess , after which you can call the is_alive ( ) method to check whether the subprocess is still running and the join ( ) method to wait for the process to exit .
Here ’s a simple example where the subprocess will calculate a factorial .
The function doing the calculation is written strangely so that it takes significantly longer when the input argument is a multiple of 4 . import time from multiprocessing import Process , Queue def factorial ( queue , N ) : " Compute a factorial . " #
If N is a multiple of 4 , this function will take much longer .
if ( N % 4 ) == 0 : time .
sleep ( . 05 * N / 4 ) # Calculate the result fact = 1 L for i in range ( 1 , N + 1 ) : fact = fact * i #
Put the result on the queue queue .
put ( fact ) if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : queue = Queue () N = 5 p = Process ( target = factorial , args = ( queue , N ) ) p . start ( ) p . join ( ) result = queue .
get ( ) print ' Factorial ' , N , ' = ' , result A Queue is used to communicate the result of the factorial .
The Queue object is stored in a global variable .
The child process will use the value of the variable when the child was created ; because it ’s a Queue , parent and child can use the object to communicate .
( If the parent were to change the value of the global variable , the child ’s value would be unaffected , and vice versa . )
Two other classes , Pool and Manager , provide higher - level interfaces .
Pool will create a fixed number of worker processes , and requests can then be distributed to the workers by calling apply ( ) or apply_async ( ) to add a single request , and map ( ) or map_async ( ) to add a number of requests .
The following code uses a Pool to spread requests across 5 worker processes and retrieve a list of results : from multiprocessing import Pool def factorial ( N , dictionary ) : " Compute a factorial . " ... p = Pool ( 5 ) result = p . map ( factorial , range ( 1 , 1000 , 10 ) ) for v in result : print v
This produces the following output : 1 39916800 51090942171709440000 8222838654177922817725562880000000 33452526613163807108170062053440751665152000000000 ...
The other high - level interface , the Manager class , creates a separate server process that can hold master copies of Python data structures .
Other processes can then access and modify these data structures using proxy objects .
The following example creates a shared dictionary by calling the dict ( ) method ; the worker processes then insert values into the dictionary .
( Locking is not done for you automatically , which does n’t matter in this example .
Manager ’s methods also include Lock ( ) , RLock ( ) , and Semaphore ( ) to create shared locks . ) import time from multiprocessing import Pool , Manager def factorial ( N , dictionary ) : " Compute a factorial . " # Calculate the result fact = 1 L for i in range ( 1 , N + 1 ) : fact = fact * i # Store result in dictionary dictionary [ N ] = fact if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : p = Pool ( 5 ) mgr = Manager ( ) d = mgr . dict () # Create shared dictionary #
Run tasks using the pool for N in range ( 1 , 1000 , 10 ) : p . apply_async ( factorial , ( N , d ) ) #
Mark pool as closed -- no more tasks can be added .
p . close () #
Wait for tasks to exit p . join () # Output results for k , v in sorted ( d . items ( ) ) : print k , v
This will produce the output : 1 1 11 39916800 21 51090942171709440000 31 8222838654177922817725562880000000 41 33452526613163807108170062053440751665152000000000 51 15511187532873822802242430164693032110632597200169861120000 . ..
See also
The documentation for the multiprocessing module .
PEP 371 - Addition of the multiprocessing package PEP written by Jesse Noller and Richard Oudkerk ; implemented by Richard Oudkerk and Jesse Noller .
PEP 3101 : Advanced String Formatting ¶
In Python 3.0 , the % operator is supplemented by a more powerful string formatting method , format ( ) .
Support for the str.format ( ) method has been backported to Python 2.6 .
In 2.6 , both 8 - bit and Unicode strings have a . format ( ) method that treats the string as a template and takes the arguments to be formatted .
The formatting template uses curly brackets ( { , } ) as special characters : >>> # Substitute positional argument 0 into the string . >>>
" User ID : {0} " . format ( " root " ) ' User ID : root ' >>> #
Use the named keyword arguments >>>
" User ID : {uid} Last seen : {last_login} " . format ( ... uid = " root " , ... last_login = " 5 Mar 2008 07:20 " ) ' User ID : root Last seen : 5 Mar 2008 07:20 '
Curly brackets can be escaped by doubling them : >>>
" Empty dict : { {}} " . format ( ) " Empty dict : { } " Field names can be integers indicating positional arguments , such as {0} , { 1} , etc. or names of keyword arguments .
You can also supply compound field names that read attributes or access dictionary keys : >>> import sys >>> print ' Platform : { 0.platform}
Python version : { 0.version} ' . format ( sys )
Platform : darwin Python version : 2.6a1 + ( trunk : 61261M , Mar 5 2008 , 20:29:41 ) [ GCC 4.0.1 ( Apple Computer , Inc. build 5367 ) ] ' >>> import mimetypes >>>
' Content - type : { 0 [.mp4 ] } ' . format ( mimetypes .
types_map ) ' Content - type : video / mp4 '
Note that when using dictionary - style notation such as [ .m p4 ] , you do n’t need to put any quotation marks around the string ; it will look up the value using .mp4 as the key .
Strings beginning with a number will be converted to an integer .
You ca n’t write more complicated expressions inside a format string .
So far we ’ve shown how to specify which field to substitute into the resulting string .
The precise formatting used is also controllable by adding a colon followed by a format specifier .
For example : >>> #
Field 0 : left justify , pad to 15 characters >>> #
Field 1 : right justify , pad to 6 characters >>> fmt = ' { 0:15 } $ { 1:>6 } ' >>> fmt . format ( ' Registration ' , 35 ) ' Registration $ 35 ' >>> fmt .
format ( ' Tutorial ' , 50 ) ' Tutorial $ 50 ' >>> fmt . format ( ' Banquet ' , 125 ) ' Banquet $ 125 ' Format specifiers can reference other fields through nesting : >>> fmt = ' {0 : { 1} } ' >>> width = 15 >>> fmt .
format ( ' Invoice # 1234 ' , width ) ' Invoice # 1234 ' >>> width = 35 >>> fmt .
format ( ' Invoice # 1234 ' , width ) ' Invoice # 1234 '
The alignment of a field within the desired width can be specified : Character Effect < ( default ) Left- align > Right - align ^ Center = ( For numeric types only ) Pad after the sign .
Format specifiers can also include a presentation type , which controls how the value is formatted .
For example , floating - point numbers can be formatted as a general number or in exponential notation : >>> ' { 0:g} ' . format ( 3.75 ) ' 3.75 ' >>> ' { 0:e} ' . format ( 3.75 ) ' 3.750000e+00 '
A variety of presentation types are available .
Consult the 2.6 documentation for a complete list ; here ’s a sample : b Binary .
Outputs the number in base 2 . c Character .
Converts the integer to the corresponding Unicode character before printing .
d Decimal Integer .
Outputs the number in base 10 .
o Octal format .
Outputs the number in base 8 . x
Hex format .
Outputs the number in base 16 , using lower - case letters for the digits above 9 . e Exponent notation .
Prints the number in scientific notation using the letter ‘ e ’ to indicate the exponent .
g General format .
This prints the number as a fixed - point number , unless the number is too large , in which case it switches to ‘ e ’ exponent notation .
n Number .
This is the same as ‘ g ’ ( for floats ) or ‘ d’ ( for integers ) , except that it uses the current locale setting to insert the appropriate number separator characters .
% Percentage .
Multiplies the number by 100 and displays in fixed ( ‘ f ’ ) format , followed by a percent sign .
Classes and types can define a __format__ ( ) method to control how they ’re formatted .
It receives a single argument , the format specifier : def __format__ ( self , format_spec ) : if isinstance ( format_spec , unicode ) : return unicode ( str ( self ) ) else : return str ( self )
There ’s also a format ( ) builtin that will format a single value .
It calls the type ’s __format__ ( ) method with the provided specifier : >>> format ( 75.6564 , '. 2f ' ) ' 75.66 ' See also Format String Syntax
The reference documentation for format fields .
PEP 3101 - Advanced String Formatting PEP written by Talin. Implemented by Eric Smith .
PEP 3105 : print As a Function ¶
The print statement becomes the print ( ) function in Python 3.0 .
Making print ( ) a function makes it possible to replace the function by doing def print ( ... ) or importing a new function from somewhere else .
Python 2.6 has a __future__ import that removes print as language syntax , letting you use the functional form instead .
For example : >>> from __future__ import print_function >>> print ( '# of entries ' , len ( dictionary ) , file = sys .
stderr )
The signature of the new function is : def print ( * args , sep = ' ' , end = '
' , file = None )
The parameters are : args : positional arguments whose values will be printed out .
sep : the separator , which will be printed between arguments .
end : the ending text , which will be printed after all of the arguments have been output .
file : the file object to which the output will be sent .
See also PEP 3105 - Make print a function PEP written by Georg Brandl .
PEP 3110 : Exception - Handling Changes ¶
One error that Python programmers occasionally make is writing the following code : try : ... except TypeError , ValueError : # Wrong ! ...
The author is probably trying to catch both TypeError and ValueError exceptions , but this code actually does something different : it will catch TypeError and bind the resulting exception object to the local name " ValueError " .
The ValueError exception will not be caught at all .
The correct code specifies a tuple of exceptions : try : ... except ( TypeError , ValueError ) : ...
This error happens because the use of the comma here is ambiguous : does it indicate two different nodes in the parse tree , or a single node that ’s a tuple ?
Python 3.0 makes this unambiguous by replacing the comma with the word “ as ” .
To catch an exception and store the exception object in the variable exc , you must write : try : ... except TypeError as exc : ... Python 3.0 will only support the use of “ as ” , and therefore interprets the first example as catching two different exceptions .
Python 2.6 supports both the comma and “ as ” , so existing code will continue to work .
We therefore suggest using “ as ” when writing new Python code that will only be executed with 2.6 .
See also PEP 3110 - Catching Exceptions in Python 3000 PEP written and implemented by Collin Winter .
PEP 3112 : Byte Literals ¶ Python 3.0 adopts Unicode as the language ’s fundamental string type and denotes 8 - bit literals differently , either as b'string ' or using a bytes constructor .
For future compatibility , Python 2.6 adds bytes as a synonym for the str type , and it also supports the b'' notation .
The 2.6 str differs from 3.0 ’s bytes type in various ways ; most notably , the constructor is completely different .
In 3.0 , bytes ( [ 65 , 66 , 67 ] ) is 3 elements long , containing the bytes representing ABC ; in 2.6 , bytes ( [ 65 , 66 , 67 ] ) returns the 12 - byte string representing the str( ) of the list .
The primary use of bytes in 2.6 will be to write tests of object type such as isinstance( x , bytes ) .
This will help the 2to3 converter , which ca n’t tell whether 2.x code intends strings to contain either characters or 8 - bit bytes ; you can now use either bytes or str to represent your intention exactly , and the resulting code will also be correct in Python 3.0 .
There ’s also a __future__ import that causes all string literals to become Unicode strings .
This means that \u escape sequences can be used to include Unicode characters : from __future__ import unicode_literals s = ( ' \u751f\u3080\u304e\u3000\u751f\u3054 ' ' \u3081\u3000\u751f\u305 f\u307e\u3054 ' ) print len ( s ) # 12 Unicode characters
At the C level , Python 3.0 will rename the existing 8 - bit string type , called PyStringObject in Python 2.x , to PyBytesObject .
Python 2.6 uses # define to support using the names PyBytesObject ( ) , PyBytes_Check ( ) , PyBytes_FromStringAndSize( ) , and all the other functions and macros used with strings .
Instances of the bytes type are immutable just as strings are .
A new bytearray type stores a mutable sequence of bytes : >>> bytearray ( [ 65 , 66 , 67 ] ) bytearray ( b' ABC ' ) >>> b = bytearray ( u ' \u21ef\u3244 ' , ' utf - 8 ' ) >>> b bytearray ( b' \xe2\x87\xaf\xe3\x89\x84 ' ) >>> b [ 0 ] = ' \xe3 ' >>> b bytearray ( b' \xe3\x87\xaf\xe3\x89\x84 ' ) >>> unicode ( str ( b ) , ' utf - 8 ' ) u'\u31ef \u3244 '
Byte arrays support most of the methods of string types , such as startswith ( ) / endswith ( ) , find ( ) / rfind( ) , and some of the methods of lists , such as append ( ) , pop( ) , and reverse ( ) . >>> b = bytearray ( ' ABC ' ) >>> b . append ( ' d ' ) >>> b . append ( ord ( ' e ' ) ) >>> b bytearray ( b' ABCde ' )
There ’s also a corresponding C API , with PyByteArray_FromObject ( ) , PyByteArray_FromStringAndSize( ) , and various other functions .
See also PEP 3112 - Bytes literals in Python 3000 PEP written by Jason Orendorff ; backported to 2.6 by Christian Heimes .
PEP 3116 : New I /O Library ¶
Python ’s built - in file objects support a number of methods , but file - like objects do n’t necessarily support all of them .
Objects that imitate files usually support read ( ) and write ( ) , but they may not support readline ( ) , for example .
Python 3.0 introduces a layered I/O library in the io module that separates buffering and text - handling features from the fundamental read and write operations .
There are three levels of abstract base classes provided by the io module : RawIOBase defines raw I / O operations : read ( ) , readinto( ) , write ( ) , seek ( ) , tell ( ) , truncate ( ) , and close ( ) .
Most of the methods of this class will often map to a single system call .
There are also readable ( ) , writable ( ) , and seekable ( ) methods for determining what operations a given object will allow .
Python 3.0 has concrete implementations of this class for files and sockets , but Python 2.6 has n’t restructured its file and socket objects in this way .
BufferedIOBase is an abstract base class that buffers data in memory to reduce the number of system calls used , making I /O processing more efficient .
It supports all of the methods of RawIOBase , and adds a raw attribute holding the underlying raw object .
There are five concrete classes implementing this ABC .
BufferedWriter and BufferedReader are for objects that support write - only or read - only usage that have a seek ( ) method for random access .
Buffered Random objects support read and write access upon the same underlying stream , and BufferedRWPair is for objects such as TTYs that have both read and write operations acting upon unconnected streams of data .
The BytesIO class supports reading , writing , and seeking over an in - memory buffer .
TextIOBase : Provides functions for reading and writing strings ( remember , strings will be Unicode in Python 3.0 ) , and supporting universal newlines .
TextIOBase defines the readline ( ) method and supports iteration upon objects .
There are two concrete implementations .
TextIOWrapper wraps a buffered I / O object , supporting all of the methods for text I/O and adding a buffer attribute for access to the underlying object .
StringIO simply buffers everything in memory without ever writing anything to disk .
( In Python 2.6 , io .
StringIO is implemented in pure Python , so it ’s pretty slow .
You should therefore stick with the existing StringIO module or cStringIO for now .
At some point Python 3.0 ’s io module will be rewritten into C for speed , and perhaps the C implementation will be backported to the 2.x releases . )
In Python 2.6 , the underlying implementations have n’t been restructured to build on top of the io module ’s classes .
The module is being provided to make it easier to write code that ’s forward - compatible with 3.0 , and to save developers the effort of writing their own implementations of buffering and text I /O .
See also PEP 3116 - New I/O PEP written by Daniel Stutzbach , Mike Verdone , and Guido van Rossum .
Code by Guido van Rossum , Georg Brandl , Walter Doerwald , Jeremy Hylton , Martin von Löwis , Tony Lownds , and others .
PEP 3118 : Revised Buffer Protocol ¶
The buffer protocol is a C - level API that lets Python types exchange pointers into their internal representations .
A memory - mapped file can be viewed as a buffer of characters , for example , and this lets another module such as re treat memory - mapped files as a string of characters to be searched .
The primary users of the buffer protocol are numeric - processing packages such as NumPy , which expose the internal representation of arrays so that callers can write data directly into an array instead of going through a slower API .
This PEP updates the buffer protocol in light of experience from NumPy development , adding a number of new features such as indicating the shape of an array or locking a memory region .
The most important new C API function is PyObject_GetBuffer ( PyObject * obj , Py_buffer * view , int flags ) , which takes an object and a set of flags , and fills in the Py_buffer structure with information about the object ’s memory representation .
Objects can use this operation to lock memory in place while an external caller could be modifying the contents , so there ’s a corresponding PyBuffer_Release ( Py_buffer * view ) to indicate that the external caller is done .
The flags argument to PyObject_GetBuffer ( ) specifies constraints upon the memory returned .
Some examples are : PyBUF_WRITABLE indicates that the memory must be writable .
PyBUF_LOCK requests a read - only or exclusive lock on the memory .
PyBUF_C_CONTIGUOUS
and PyBUF_F_CONTIGUOUS
requests a C- contiguous ( last dimension varies the fastest ) or Fortran - contiguous ( first dimension varies the fastest ) array layout .
Two new argument codes for PyArg_ParseTuple ( ) , s* and z* , return locked buffer objects for a parameter .
See also PEP 3118 - Revising the buffer protocol PEP written by Travis Oliphant and Carl Banks ; implemented by Travis Oliphant .
PEP 3119 : Abstract Base Classes ¶
Some object - oriented languages such as Java support interfaces , declaring that a class has a given set of methods or supports a given access protocol .
Abstract Base Classes ( or ABCs ) are an equivalent feature for Python .
The ABC support consists of an abc module containing a metaclass called ABCMeta , special handling of this metaclass by the isinstance ( ) and issubclass ( ) builtins , and a collection of basic ABCs that the Python developers think will be widely useful .
Future versions of Python will probably add more ABCs .
Let ’s say you have a particular class and wish to know whether it supports dictionary - style access .
The phrase “ dictionary - style ” is vague , however .
It probably means that accessing items with obj [ 1 ] works .
Does it imply that setting items with ob j [ 2 ] = value works ?
Or that the object will have keys ( ) , values ( ) , and items ( ) methods ?
What about the iterative variants such as iterkeys ( ) ? copy ( ) and update ( ) ?
Iterating over the object with iter ( ) ?
The Python 2.6 collections module includes a number of different ABCs that represent these distinctions .
Iterable indicates that a class defines __iter__ ( ) , and Container means the class defines a __contains__ ( ) method and therefore supports x in y expressions .
The basic dictionary interface of getting items , setting items , and keys ( ) , values ( ) , and items ( ) , is defined by the MutableMapping ABC .
You can derive your own classes from a particular ABC to indicate they support that ABC ’s interface : import collections class Storage ( collections .
MutableMapping ) : ...
Alternatively , you could write the class without deriving from the desired ABC and instead register the class by calling the ABC ’s register ( ) method : import collections class Storage : ... collections .
MutableMapping .
register ( Storage )
For classes that you write , deriving from the ABC is probably clearer .
The register ( ) method is useful when you ’ve written a new ABC that can describe an existing type or class , or if you want to declare that some third - party class implements an ABC .
For example , if you defined a PrintableType ABC , it ’s legal to do : # Register Python 's types PrintableType .
register ( int ) PrintableType .
register ( float ) PrintableType .
register ( str )
Classes should obey the semantics specified by an ABC , but Python ca n’t check this ; it ’s up to the class author to understand the ABC ’s requirements and to implement the code accordingly .
To check whether an object supports a particular interface , you can now write : def func ( d ) : if not isinstance ( d , collections .
MutableMapping ) : raise ValueError ( " Mapping object expected , not %r " % d )
Do n’t feel that you must now begin writing lots of checks as in the above example .
Python has a strong tradition of duck - typing , where explicit type - checking is never done and code simply calls methods on an object , trusting that those methods will be there and raising an exception if they are n’t .
Be judicious in checking for ABCs and only do it where it ’s absolutely necessary .
You can write your own ABCs by using abc.ABCMeta as the metaclass in a class definition : from abc import ABCMeta , abstractmethod class Drawable ( ) : __metaclass__ = ABCMeta @abstractmethod def draw ( self , x , y , scale = 1.0 ) : pass def draw_doubled ( self , x , y ) : self .
draw ( x , y , scale = 2.0 ) class Square ( Drawable ) : def draw ( self , x , y , scale ) : ... In the Drawable ABC above , the draw_doubled ( ) method renders the object at twice its size and can be implemented in terms of other methods described in Drawable .
Classes implementing this ABC therefore do n’t need to provide their own implementation of draw_doubled ( ) , though they can do so .
An implementation of draw ( ) is necessary , though ; the ABC ca n’t provide a useful generic implementation .
You can apply the @abstractmethod decorator to methods such as draw ( ) that must be implemented ;
Python will then raise an exception for classes that do n’t define the method .
Note that the exception is only raised when you actually try to create an instance of a subclass lacking the method : >>> class Circle ( Drawable ) : ... pass ... >>> c = Circle () Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module >
TypeError :
Ca n't instantiate abstract class Circle with abstract methods draw >>>
Abstract data attributes can be declared using the @abstractproperty decorator : from abc import abstractproperty ... @abstractproperty def readonly ( self ) : return self . _x Subclasses must then define a readonly ( ) property .
See also PEP 3119 - Introducing Abstract Base Classes PEP written by Guido van Rossum and Talin. Implemented by Guido van Rossum .
Backported to 2.6 by Benjamin Aranguren , with Alex Martelli .
PEP 3127 : Integer Literal Support and Syntax ¶ Python 3.0 changes the syntax for octal ( base - 8 ) integer literals , prefixing them with “ 0o ” or “ 0O ” instead of a leading zero , and adds support for binary ( base - 2 ) integer literals , signalled by a “ 0 b ” or “ 0 B ” prefix .
Python 2.6 does n’t drop support for a leading 0 signalling an octal number , but it does add support for “ 0o ” and “ 0 b ” : >>>
0o21 , 2 * 8 + 1 ( 17 , 17 ) >>> 0b101111 47 The oct ( ) builtin still returns numbers prefixed with a leading zero , and a new bin ( ) builtin returns the binary representation for a number : >>> oct ( 42 ) ' 052 ' >>> future_builtins . oct ( 42 ) ' 0o52 ' >>> bin ( 173 ) ' 0b10101101 '
The int ( ) and long ( ) builtins will now accept the “ 0o ” and “ 0 b ” prefixes when base - 8 or base - 2 are requested , or when the base argument is zero ( signalling that the base used should be determined from the string ) : >>> int ( ' 0o52 ' , 0 ) 42 >>> int ( ' 1101 ' , 2 ) 13 >>> int ( ' 0b1101 ' , 2 ) 13 >>> int ( ' 0b1101 ' , 0 ) 13 See also PEP 3127 - Integer Literal Support and Syntax PEP written by Patrick Maupin ; backported to 2.6 by Eric Smith .
PEP 3129 : Class Decorators ¶
Decorators have been extended from functions to classes .
It ’s now legal to write : @foo @bar class A : pass
This is equivalent to : class A : pass A = foo ( bar ( A ) )
See also PEP 3129 - Class Decorators PEP written by Collin Winter .
PEP 3141 : A Type Hierarchy for Numbers ¶ Python 3.0 adds several abstract base classes for numeric types inspired by Scheme ’s numeric tower .
These classes were backported to 2.6 as the numbers module .
The most general ABC is Number .
It defines no operations at all , and only exists to allow checking if an object is a number by doing isinstance ( obj , Number ) .
Complex is a subclass of Number .
Complex numbers can undergo the basic operations of addition , subtraction , multiplication , division , and exponentiation , and you can retrieve the real and imaginary parts and obtain a number ’s conjugate .
Python ’s built - in complex type is an implementation of Complex .
Real further derives from Complex , and adds operations that only work on real numbers : floor ( ) , trunc( ) , rounding , taking the remainder mod N , floor division , and comparisons .
Rational numbers derive from Real , have numerator and denominator properties , and can be converted to floats .
Python 2.6 adds a simple rational - number class , Fraction , in the fractions module .
( It ’s called Fraction instead of Rational to avoid a name clash with numbers .
Rational .)
Integral numbers derive from Rational , and can be shifted left and right with << and >> , combined using bitwise operations such as & and | , and can be used as array indexes and slice boundaries .
In Python 3.0 , the PEP slightly redefines the existing builtins round ( ) , math.floor ( ) , math.ceil( ) , and adds a new one , math.trunc( ) , that ’s been backported to Python 2.6. math. trunc ( ) rounds toward zero , returning the closest Integral that ’s between the function ’s argument and zero .
See also PEP 3141 - A Type Hierarchy for Numbers PEP written by Jeffrey Yasskin .
Scheme ’s numerical tower , from the Guile manual .
Scheme ’s number datatypes from the R5RS Scheme specification .
The fractions Module ¶
To fill out the hierarchy of numeric types , the fractions module provides a rational - number class .
Rational numbers store their values as a numerator and denominator forming a fraction , and can exactly represent numbers such as 2/3 that floating - point numbers can only approximate .
The Fraction constructor takes two Integral values that will be the numerator and denominator of the resulting fraction . >>> from fractions import Fraction >>> a = Fraction ( 2 , 3 ) >>> b = Fraction ( 2 , 5 ) >>> float ( a ) , float ( b ) ( 0.66666666666666663 , 0.40000000000000002 ) >>> a + b Fraction ( 16 , 15 ) >>> a / b Fraction ( 5 , 3 ) For converting floating - point numbers to rationals , the float type now has an as_integer_ratio ( ) method that returns the numerator and denominator for a fraction that evaluates to the same floating - point value : >>> ( 2.5 ) . as_integer_ratio ( ) ( 5 , 2 ) >>> ( 3.1415 ) . as_integer_ratio ( ) ( 7074029114692207L , 2251799813685248L ) >>> ( 1 . / 3 ) . as_integer_ratio ( ) ( 6004799503160661L , 18014398509481984L )
Note that values that can only be approximated by floating - point numbers , such as 1./3 , are not simplified to the number being approximated ; the fraction attempts to match the floating - point value exactly .
The fractions module is based upon an implementation by Sjoerd Mullender that was in Python ’s Demo / classes / directory for a long time .
This implementation was significantly updated by Jeffrey Yasskin .
Other Language Changes ¶
Some smaller changes made to the core Python language are : Directories and zip archives containing a __main__.py file can now be executed directly by passing their name to the interpreter .
The directory or zip archive is automatically inserted as the first entry in sys.path .
( Suggestion and initial patch by Andy Chu , subsequently revised by Phillip J. Eby and Nick Coghlan ; bpo-1739468 . )
The hasattr ( ) function was catching and ignoring all errors , under the assumption that they meant a __getattr__ ( ) method was failing somehow and the return value of hasattr ( ) would therefore be False .
This logic should n’t be applied to KeyboardInterrupt and SystemExit , however ; Python 2.6 will no longer discard such exceptions when hasattr ( ) encounters them .
( Fixed by Benjamin Peterson ; bpo-2196 . )
When calling a function using the ** syntax to provide keyword arguments , you are no longer required to use a Python dictionary ; any mapping will now work : >>> def f ( ** kw ) : ... print sorted ( kw ) ... >>> ud = UserDict .
UserDict ( ) >>> ud [ ' a ' ] = 1 >>> ud [ ' b ' ] = ' string ' >>> f ( ** ud ) [ 'a ' , 'b ' ]
( Contributed by Alexander Belopolsky ; bpo-1686487 . )
It ’s also become legal to provide keyword arguments after a * args argument to a function call .
>>> def f ( * args , ** kw ) : ... print args , kw ... >>> f ( 1 , 2 , 3 , * ( 4 , 5 , 6 ) , keyword = 13 ) ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 ) {'keyword ' : 13 } Previously this would have been a syntax error .
( Contributed by Amaury Forgeot d’Arc ; bpo-3473 . )
A new builtin , next ( iterator , [ default ] ) returns the next item from the specified iterator .
If the default argument is supplied , it will be returned if iterator has been exhausted ; otherwise , the StopIteration exception will be raised .
( Backported in bpo-2719 . )
Tuples now have index ( ) and count ( ) methods matching the list type ’s index ( ) and count ( ) methods : >>> t = ( 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 0 , 1 , 2 ) >>> t . index ( 3 ) 3 >>> t . count ( 0 ) 2 ( Contributed by Raymond Hettinger )
The built - in types now have improved support for extended slicing syntax , accepting various combinations of ( start , stop , step ) .
Previously , the support was partial and certain corner cases would n’t work .
( Implemented by Thomas Wouters . )
Properties now have three attributes , getter , setter and deleter , that are decorators providing useful shortcuts for adding a getter , setter or deleter function to an existing property .
You would use them like this : class C ( object ) : @property def x ( self ) : return self .
_x @x . setter def x ( self , value ) : self .
_x = value @x .
deleter def x ( self ) : del self .
_x class D ( C ) : @C . x . getter def x ( self ) : return self .
_x * 2 @x . setter def x ( self , value ) : self .
_x = value / 2
Several methods of the built - in set types now accept multiple iterables : intersection ( ) , intersection_update ( ) , union ( ) , update ( ) , difference ( ) and difference_update ( ) . >>> s = set ( ' 1234567890 ' ) >>> s . intersection ( ' abc123 ' , ' cdf246 ' ) # Intersection between all inputs set ( [ ' 2 ' ] ) >>> s . difference ( ' 246 ' , ' 789 ' ) set ( [ ' 1 ' , ' 0 ' , ' 3 ' , ' 5 ' ] )
( Contributed by Raymond Hettinger . )
Many floating - point features were added .
The float ( ) function will now turn the string nan into an IEEE 754 Not A Number value , and +inf and - inf into positive or negative infinity .
This works on any platform with IEEE 754 semantics .
( Contributed by Christian Heimes ; bpo-1635 . )
Other functions in the math module , isinf ( ) and isnan ( ) , return true if their floating - point argument is infinite or Not A Number .
( bpo -1640 )
Conversion functions were added to convert floating - point numbers into hexadecimal strings ( bpo -3008 ) .
These functions convert floats to and from a string representation without introducing rounding errors from the conversion between decimal and binary .
Floats have a hex ( ) method that returns a string representation , and the float .
fromhex ( ) method converts a string back into a number : >>> a = 3.75 >>> a . hex ( ) ' 0x1.e000000000000p+1 ' >>> float .
fromhex ( ' 0x1.e000000000000p+1 ' ) 3.75 >>> b = 1 . / 3 >>> b . hex ( ) '0x1.5555555555555p-2 '
A numerical nicety : when creating a complex number from two floats on systems that support signed zeros ( - 0 and +0 ) , the complex ( ) constructor will now preserve the sign of the zero .
( Fixed by Mark T. Dickinson ; bpo-1507 . )
Classes that inherit a __hash__ ( ) method from a parent class can set __hash__ =
None to indicate that the class is n’t hashable .
This will make hash ( obj ) raise a TypeError and the class will not be indicated as implementing the Hashable ABC .
You should do this when you ’ve defined a __cmp__ ( ) or __eq__ ( ) method that compares objects by their value rather than by identity .
All objects have a default hash method that uses id ( obj ) as the hash value .
There ’s no tidy way to remove the __hash__ ( ) method inherited from a parent class , so assigning None was implemented as an override .
At the C level , extensions can set tp_hash to PyObject_HashNotImplemented ( ) .
( Fixed by Nick Coghlan and Amaury Forgeot d’Arc ; bpo-2235 . )
The GeneratorExit exception now subclasses BaseException instead of Exception .
This means that an exception handler that does except Exception : will not inadvertently catch GeneratorExit .
( Contributed by Chad Austin ; bpo-1537 . )
Generator objects now have a gi_code attribute that refers to the original code object backing the generator .
( Contributed by Collin Winter ; bpo-1473257 . )
The compile ( ) built - in function now accepts keyword arguments as well as positional parameters .
( Contributed by Thomas Wouters ; bpo-1444529 . )
The complex ( ) constructor now accepts strings containing parenthesized complex numbers , meaning that complex ( repr ( cplx ) ) will now round - trip values .
For example , complex ( '( 3+4 j ) ' ) now returns the value ( 3+4 j ) . ( bpo -1491866 )
The string translate ( ) method now accepts
None as the translation table parameter , which is treated as the identity transformation .
This makes it easier to carry out operations that only delete characters .
( Contributed by Bengt Richter and implemented by Raymond Hettinger ; bpo-1193128 . )
The built - in dir ( ) function now checks for a __dir__ ( ) method on the objects it receives .
This method must return a list of strings containing the names of valid attributes for the object , and lets the object control the value that dir ( ) produces .
Objects that have __getattr__ ( ) or __getattribute__ ( ) methods can use this to advertise pseudo - attributes they will honor .
( bpo -1591665 )
Instance method objects have new attributes for the object and function comprising the method ; the new synonym for im_self is __self__ , and im_func is also available as __func__ .
The old names are still supported in Python 2.6 , but are gone in 3.0 .
An obscure change : when you use the locals ( ) function inside a class statement , the resulting dictionary no longer returns free variables .
( Free variables , in this case , are variables referenced in the class statement that are n’t attributes of the class . )
Optimizations ¶
The warnings module has been rewritten in C .
This makes it possible to invoke warnings from the parser , and may also make the interpreter ’s startup faster .
( Contributed by Neal Norwitz and Brett Cannon ; bpo-1631171 . )
Type objects now have a cache of methods that can reduce the work required to find the correct method implementation for a particular class ; once cached , the interpreter does n’t need to traverse base classes to figure out the right method to call .
The cache is cleared if a base class or the class itself is modified , so the cache should remain correct even in the face of Python ’s dynamic nature .
( Original optimization implemented by Armin Rigo , updated for Python 2.6 by Kevin Jacobs ; bpo-1700288 . )
By default , this change is only applied to types that are included with the Python core .
Extension modules may not necessarily be compatible with this cache , so they must explicitly add Py_TPFLAGS_HAVE_VERSION_TAG to the module ’s tp_flags field to enable the method cache .
( To be compatible with the method cache , the extension module ’s code must not directly access and modify the tp_dict member of any of the types it implements .
Most modules do n’t do this , but it ’s impossible for the Python interpreter to determine that .
See bpo-1878 for some discussion . )
Function calls that use keyword arguments are significantly faster by doing a quick pointer comparison , usually saving the time of a full string comparison .
( Contributed by Raymond Hettinger , after an initial implementation by Antoine Pitrou ; bpo-1819 . )
All of the functions in the struct module have been rewritten in C , thanks to work at the Need For Speed sprint .
( Contributed by Raymond Hettinger . )
Some of the standard built - in types now set a bit in their type objects .
This speeds up checking whether an object is a subclass of one of these types .
( Contributed by Neal Norwitz . )
Unicode strings now use faster code for detecting whitespace and line breaks ; this speeds up the split ( ) method by about 25 % and splitlines ( ) by 35 % .
( Contributed by Antoine Pitrou . )
Memory usage is reduced by using pymalloc for the Unicode string ’s data .
The with statement now stores the __exit__ ( ) method on the stack , producing a small speedup .
( Implemented by Jeffrey Yasskin . )
To reduce memory usage , the garbage collector will now clear internal free lists when garbage - collecting the highest generation of objects .
This may return memory to the operating system sooner .
Interpreter Changes ¶
Two command - line options have been reserved for use by other Python implementations .
The - J switch has been reserved for use by Jython for Jython - specific options , such as switches that are passed to the underlying JVM .
-X has been reserved for options specific to a particular implementation of Python such as CPython , Jython , or IronPython .
If either option is used with Python 2.6 , the interpreter will report that the option is n’t currently used .
Python can now be prevented from writing .pyc or .
pyo files by supplying the - B switch to the Python interpreter , or by setting the PYTHONDONTWRITEBYTECODE environment variable before running the interpreter .
This setting is available to Python programs as the sys.dont_write_bytecode variable , and Python code can change the value to modify the interpreter ’s behaviour .
( Contributed by Neal Norwitz and Georg Brandl . )
The encoding used for standard input , output , and standard error can be specified by setting the PYTHONIOENCODING environment variable before running the interpreter .
The value should be a string in the form < encoding > or < encoding >:< errorhandler > .
The encoding part specifies the encoding ’s name , e.g. utf - 8 or latin - 1 ; the optional errorhandler part specifies what to do with characters that ca n’t be handled by the encoding , and should be one of “ error ” , “ ignore ” , or “ replace ” .
( Contributed by Martin von Löwis . )
New and Improved Modules ¶
As in every release , Python ’s standard library received a number of enhancements and bug fixes .
Here ’s a partial list of the most notable changes , sorted alphabetically by module name .
Consult the Misc / NEWS file in the source tree for a more complete list of changes , or look through the Subversion logs for all the details .
The asyncore and asynchat modules are being actively maintained again , and a number of patches and bugfixes were applied .
( Maintained by Josiah Carlson ; see bpo-1736190 for one patch . )
The bsddb module also has a new maintainer , Jesús Cea Avión , and the package is now available as a standalone package .
The web page for the package is www.jcea.es/programacion/pybsddb.htm.
The plan is to remove the package from the standard library in Python 3.0 , because its pace of releases is much more frequent than Python’s .
The bsddb.dbshelve module now uses the highest pickling protocol available , instead of restricting itself to protocol 1 . ( Contributed by W. Barnes . )
The cgi module will now read variables from the query string of an HTTP POST request .
This makes it possible to use form actions with URLs that include query strings such as “ /cgi-bin/add.py?category=1 ” .
( Contributed by Alexandre Fiori and Nubis ; bpo-1817 . )
The parse_qs ( ) and parse_qsl ( ) functions have been relocated from the cgi module to the urlparse module .
The versions still available in the cgi module will trigger PendingDeprecationWarning messages in 2.6 ( bpo-600362 ) .
The cmath module underwent extensive revision , contributed by Mark Dickinson and Christian Heimes .
Five new functions were added : polar ( ) converts a complex number to polar form , returning the modulus and argument of the complex number .
rect ( ) does the opposite , turning a modulus , argument pair back into the corresponding complex number .
phase ( ) returns the argument ( also called the angle ) of a complex number . isnan ( ) returns
True if either the real or imaginary part of its argument is a NaN. isinf ( ) returns
True if either the real or imaginary part of its argument is infinite .
The revisions also improved the numerical soundness of the cmath module .
For all functions , the real and imaginary parts of the results are accurate to within a few units of least precision ( ulps ) whenever possible .
See bpo-1381 for the details .
The branch cuts for asinh ( ) , atanh ( ) : and atan ( ) have also been corrected .
The tests for the module have been greatly expanded ; nearly 2000 new test cases exercise the algebraic functions .
On IEEE 754 platforms , the cmath module now handles IEEE 754 special values and floating - point exceptions in a manner consistent with Annex ‘ G ’ of the C99 standard .
A new data type in the collections module : namedtuple ( typename , fieldnames ) is a factory function that creates subclasses of the standard tuple whose fields are accessible by name as well as index .
For example : >>> var_type = collections .
namedtuple ( ' variable ' , ... ' id name type size ' ) >>> #
Names are separated by spaces or commas . >>>
# ' id , name , type , size ' would also work .
>>> var_type .
_fields ( ' id ' , ' name ' , ' type ' , ' size ' ) >>> var = var_type ( 1 , ' frequency ' , ' int ' , 4 ) >>> print var [ 0 ] , var . id # Equivalent 1 1 >>> print var [ 2 ] , var .
type # Equivalent int int >>> var .
_asdict ( ) {' size ' : 4 , ' type ' : ' int ' , ' id ' : 1 , ' name ' : ' frequency'} >>>
v2 = var .
_replace ( name = ' amplitude ' ) >>> v2 variable ( id=1 , name= ' amplitude ' , type= 'int ' , size =4 ) Several places in the standard library that returned tuples have been modified to return namedtuple instances .
For example , the Decimal.as_tuple ( ) method now returns a named tuple with sign , digits , and exponent fields .
( Contributed by Raymond Hettinger . )
Another change to the collections module is that the deque type now supports an optional maxlen parameter ; if supplied , the deque ’s size will be restricted to no more than maxlen items .
Adding more items to a full deque causes old items to be discarded .
>>> from collections import deque >>> dq = deque ( maxlen = 3 ) >>> dq deque ( [ ] , maxlen=3 ) >>> dq . append ( 1 ) ; dq . append ( 2 ) ; dq . append ( 3 ) >>> dq deque ( [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] , maxlen=3 ) >>> dq . append ( 4 ) >>> dq deque ( [ 2 , 3 , 4 ] , maxlen=3 ) ( Contributed by Raymond Hettinger . )
The Cookie module ’s Morsel objects now support an httponly attribute .
In some browsers .
cookies with this attribute set cannot be accessed or manipulated by JavaScript code .
( Contributed by Arvin Schnell ; bpo-1638033 . )
A new window method in the curses module , chgat ( ) , changes the display attributes for a certain number of characters on a single line .
( Contributed by Fabian Kreutz . ) #
Boldface text starting at y=0, x=21 # and affecting the rest of the line .
stdscr .
chgat ( 0 , 21 , curses .
A_BOLD ) The Textbox class in the curses .
textpad module now supports editing in insert mode as well as overwrite mode .
Insert mode is enabled by supplying a true value for the insert_mode parameter when creating the Textbox instance .
The datetime module ’s strftime ( ) methods now support a %f format code that expands to the number of microseconds in the object , zero - padded on the left to six places .
( Contributed by Skip Montanaro ; bpo-1158 . )
The decimal module was updated to version 1.66 of the General Decimal Specification .
New features include some methods for some basic mathematical functions such as exp ( ) and log10 ( ) : >>>
Decimal ( 1 ) . exp () Decimal ( " 2.718281828459045235360287471 " ) >>>
Decimal ( " 2.7182818 " ) . ln () Decimal ( " 0.9999999895305022877376682436 " ) >>>
Decimal ( 1000 ) . log10 ( ) Decimal ( " 3 " ) The as_tuple ( ) method of Decimal objects now returns a named tuple with sign , digits , and exponent fields .
( Implemented by Facundo Batista and Mark Dickinson .
Named tuple support added by Raymond Hettinger . )
The difflib module ’s SequenceMatcher class now returns named tuples representing matches , with a , b , and size attributes .
( Contributed by Raymond Hettinger . )
An optional timeout parameter , specifying a timeout measured in seconds , was added to the ftplib .
FTP class constructor as well as the connect ( ) method .
( Added by Facundo Batista . )
Also , the FTP class ’s storbinary ( ) and storlines ( ) now take an optional callback parameter that will be called with each block of data after the data has been sent .
( Contributed by Phil Schwartz ; bpo-1221598 . )
The reduce ( ) built - in function is also available in the functools module .
In Python 3.0 , the builtin has been dropped and reduce ( ) is only available from functools ; currently there are no plans to drop the builtin in the 2.x series .
( Patched by Christian Heimes ; bpo-1739906 . )
When possible , the getpass module will now use / dev/tty to print a prompt message and read the password , falling back to standard error and standard input .
If the password may be echoed to the terminal , a warning is printed before the prompt is displayed .
( Contributed by Gregory P. Smith . )
The glob.glob ( ) function can now return Unicode filenames if a Unicode path was used and Unicode filenames are matched within the directory .
( bpo -1001604 )
A new function in the heapq module , merge ( iter1 , iter2 , ... ) , takes any number of iterables returning data in sorted order , and returns a new generator that returns the contents of all the iterators , also in sorted order .
For example : >>> list ( heapq . merge ( [ 1 , 3 , 5 , 9 ] , [ 2 , 8 , 16 ] ) ) [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 8 , 9 , 16 ]
Another new function , heappushpop ( heap , item ) , pushes item onto heap , then pops off and returns the smallest item .
This is more efficient than making a call to heappush ( ) and then heappop ( ) .
heapq is now implemented to only use less - than comparison , instead of the less - than - or - equal comparison it previously used .
This makes heapq ’s usage of a type match the list .
sort ( ) method .
( Contributed by Raymond Hettinger . )
An optional timeout parameter , specifying a timeout measured in seconds , was added to the httplib .
HTTPConnection and HTTPSConnection class constructors .
( Added by Facundo Batista . )
Most of the inspect module ’s functions , such as getmoduleinfo ( ) and getargs ( ) , now return named tuples .
In addition to behaving like tuples , the elements of the return value can also be accessed as attributes .
( Contributed by Raymond Hettinger . )
Some new functions in the module include isgenerator ( ) , isgeneratorfunction ( ) , and isabstract ( ) .
The itertools module gained several new functions .
izip_longest ( iter1 , iter2 , ...[ , fillvalue ] ) makes tuples from each of the elements ; if some of the iterables are shorter than others , the missing values are set to fillvalue .
For example : >>> tuple ( itertools . izip_longest ( [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] , [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ] ) ) ( ( 1 , 1 ) , ( 2 , 2 ) , ( 3 , 3 ) , ( None , 4 ) , ( None , 5 ) ) product ( iter1 , iter2 , ... , [ repeat=N ] ) returns the Cartesian product of the supplied iterables , a set of tuples containing every possible combination of the elements returned from each iterable .
>>> list ( itertools .
product ( [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] , [ 4 , 5 , 6 ] ) ) [ ( 1 , 4 ) , ( 1 , 5 ) , ( 1 , 6 ) , ( 2 , 4 ) , ( 2 , 5 ) , ( 2 , 6 ) , ( 3 , 4 ) , ( 3 , 5 ) , ( 3 , 6 ) ]
The optional repeat keyword argument is used for taking the product of an iterable or a set of iterables with themselves , repeated N times .
With a single iterable argument , N - tuples are returned : >>> list ( itertools .
product ( [ 1 , 2 ] , repeat = 3 ) ) [ ( 1 , 1 , 1 ) , ( 1 , 1 , 2 ) , ( 1 , 2 , 1 ) , ( 1 , 2 , 2 ) , ( 2 , 1 , 1 ) , ( 2 , 1 , 2 ) , ( 2 , 2 , 1 ) , ( 2 , 2 , 2 ) ]
With two iterables , 2N - tuples are returned .
>>> list ( itertools .
product ( [ 1 , 2 ] , [ 3 , 4 ] , repeat = 2 ) ) [ ( 1 , 3 , 1 , 3 ) , ( 1 , 3 , 1 , 4 ) , ( 1 , 3 , 2 , 3 ) , ( 1 , 3 , 2 , 4 ) , ( 1 , 4 , 1 , 3 ) , ( 1 , 4 , 1 , 4 ) , ( 1 , 4 , 2 , 3 ) , ( 1 , 4 , 2 , 4 ) , ( 2 , 3 , 1 , 3 ) , ( 2 , 3 , 1 , 4 ) , ( 2 , 3 , 2 , 3 ) , ( 2 , 3 , 2 , 4 ) , ( 2 , 4 , 1 , 3 ) , ( 2 , 4 , 1 , 4 ) , ( 2 , 4 , 2 , 3 ) , ( 2 , 4 , 2 , 4 ) ] combinations ( iterable , r ) returns sub -sequences of length r from the elements of iterable .
>>> list ( itertools .
combinations ( ' 123 ' , 2 ) ) [ ( ' 1 ' , ' 2 ' ) , ( ' 1 ' , ' 3 ' ) , ( ' 2 ' , ' 3 ' ) ] >>> list ( itertools .
combinations ( ' 123 ' , 3 ) ) [ ( ' 1 ' , ' 2 ' , ' 3 ' ) ] >>> list ( itertools .
combinations ( ' 1234 ' , 3 ) ) [ ( ' 1 ' , ' 2 ' , ' 3 ' ) , ( ' 1 ' , ' 2 ' , ' 4 ' ) , ( ' 1 ' , ' 3 ' , ' 4 ' ) , ( ' 2 ' , ' 3 ' , ' 4 ' ) ] permutations ( iter [ , r ] ) returns all the permutations of length r of the iterable ’s elements .
If r is not specified , it will default to the number of elements produced by the iterable .
>>> list ( itertools .
permutations ( [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] , 2 ) ) [ ( 1 , 2 ) , ( 1 , 3 ) , ( 1 , 4 ) , ( 2 , 1 ) , ( 2 , 3 ) , ( 2 , 4 ) , ( 3 , 1 ) , ( 3 , 2 ) , ( 3 , 4 ) , ( 4 , 1 ) , ( 4 , 2 ) , ( 4 , 3 ) ] itertools.chain( * iterables ) is an existing function in itertools that gained a new constructor in Python 2.6. itertools.chain.from_iterable( iterable ) takes a single iterable that should return other iterables .
chain ( ) will then return all the elements of the first iterable , then all the elements of the second , and so on .
>>> list ( itertools .
chain .
from_iterable ( [ [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] , [ 4 , 5 , 6 ] ] ) ) [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 ] ( All contributed by Raymond Hettinger . )
The logging module ’s FileHandler class and its subclasses WatchedFileHandler , RotatingFileHandler , and TimedRotatingFileHandler now have an optional delay parameter to their constructors .
If delay is true , opening of the log file is deferred until the first emit ( ) call is made .
( Contributed by Vinay Sajip . ) TimedRotatingFileHandler also has a utc constructor parameter .
If the argument is true , UTC time will be used in determining when midnight occurs and in generating filenames ; otherwise local time will be used .
Several new functions were added to the math module : isinf ( ) and isnan ( ) determine whether a given float is a ( positive or negative ) infinity or a NaN ( Not a Number ) , respectively .
copysign ( ) copies the sign bit of an IEEE 754 number , returning the absolute value of x combined with the sign bit of y .
For example , math.copysign ( 1 , - 0.0 ) returns - 1.0 . ( Contributed by Christian Heimes . ) factorial ( ) computes the factorial of a number .
( Contributed by Raymond Hettinger ; bpo-2138 . ) fsum ( ) adds up the stream of numbers from an iterable , and is careful to avoid loss of precision through using partial sums .
( Contributed by Jean Brouwers , Raymond Hettinger , and Mark Dickinson ; bpo-2819 . ) acosh ( ) , asinh ( ) and atanh ( ) compute the inverse hyperbolic functions .
log1p ( ) returns the natural logarithm of 1+x ( base e ) . trunc ( ) rounds a number toward zero , returning the closest Integral that ’s between the function ’s argument and zero .
Added as part of the backport of PEP 3141 ’s type hierarchy for numbers .
The math module has been improved to give more consistent behaviour across platforms , especially with respect to handling of floating - point exceptions and IEEE 754 special values .
Whenever possible , the module follows the recommendations of the C99 standard about 754 ’s special values .
For example , sqrt ( - 1. ) should now give a ValueError across almost all platforms , while sqrt( float ( ' NaN ' ) ) should return a NaN on all IEEE 754 platforms .
Where Annex ‘ F ’ of the C99 standard recommends signaling ‘ divide - by - zero ’ or ‘ invalid ’ , Python will raise ValueError .
Where Annex ‘ F ’ of the C99 standard recommends signaling ‘ overflow ’ , Python will raise OverflowError .
( See bpo -711019 and bpo-1640 . )
( Contributed by Christian Heimes and Mark Dickinson . )
mmap objects now have a rfind ( ) method that searches for a substring beginning at the end of the string and searching backwards .
The find ( ) method also gained an end parameter giving an index at which to stop searching .
( Contributed by John Lenton . )
The operator module gained a methodcaller ( ) function that takes a name and an optional set of arguments , returning a callable that will call the named function on any arguments passed to it .
For example : >>> # Equivalent to lambda s : s.replace ( ' old ' , ' new ' ) >>> replacer = operator .
methodcaller ( ' replace ' , ' old ' , ' new ' ) >>> replacer ( ' old wine in old bottles ' ) ' new wine in new bottles ' ( Contributed by Georg Brandl , after a suggestion by Gregory Petrosyan . )
The attrgetter ( ) function now accepts dotted names and performs the corresponding attribute lookups : >>> inst_name = operator .
attrgetter ( ... ' __class__.__name__ ' ) >>> inst_name ( '' ) ' str ' >>> inst_name ( help ) ' _ Helper ' ( Contributed by Georg Brandl , after a suggestion by Barry Warsaw . )
The os module now wraps several new system calls .
fchmod ( fd , mode ) and fchown ( fd , uid , gid ) change the mode and ownership of an opened file , and lchmod ( path , mode ) changes the mode of a symlink .
( Contributed by Georg Brandl and Christian Heimes . ) chflags ( ) and lchflags ( ) are wrappers for the corresponding system calls ( where they ’re available ) , changing the flags set on a file .
Constants for the flag values are defined in the stat module ; some possible values include UF_IMMUTABLE to signal the file may not be changed and UF_APPEND to indicate that data can only be appended to the file .
( Contributed by M. Levinson . ) os.closerange( low , high ) efficiently closes all file descriptors from low to high , ignoring any errors and not including high itself .
This function is now used by the subprocess module to make starting processes faster .
( Contributed by Georg Brandl ; bpo-1663329 . )
The os.environ object ’s clear ( ) method will now unset the environment variables using os.unsetenv( ) in addition to clearing the object ’s keys .
( Contributed by Martin Horcicka ; bpo-1181 . )
The os.walk ( ) function now has a followlinks parameter .
If set to True , it will follow symlinks pointing to directories and visit the directory ’s contents .
For backward compatibility , the parameter ’s default value is false .
Note that the function can fall into an infinite recursion if there ’s a symlink that points to a parent directory .
( bpo-1273829 )
In the os. path module , the splitext ( ) function has been changed to not split on leading period characters .
This produces better results when operating on Unix ’s dot - files .
For example , os.path.splitext('.ipython ' ) now returns ( '.ipython ' , '') instead of ( ' ' , '.ipython ' ) . ( bpo -1115886 )
A new function , os.path.relpath ( path , start= '.' ) , returns a relative path from the start path , if it ’s supplied , or from the current working directory to the destination path .
( Contributed by Richard Barran ; bpo-1339796 . ) On Windows , os.path.expandvars ( ) will now expand environment variables given in the form “ % var % ” , and “ ~user ” will be expanded into the user ’s home directory path .
( Contributed by Josiah Carlson ; bpo-957650 . )
The Python debugger provided by the pdb module gained a new command : “ run ” restarts the Python program being debugged and can optionally take new command - line arguments for the program .
( Contributed by Rocky Bernstein ; bpo-1393667 . )
The pdb.post_mortem ( ) function , used to begin debugging a traceback , will now use the traceback returned by sys.exc_info( ) if no traceback is supplied .
( Contributed by Facundo Batista ; bpo-1106316 . )
The pickletools module now has an optimize ( ) function that takes a string containing a pickle and removes some unused opcodes , returning a shorter pickle that contains the same data structure .
( Contributed by Raymond Hettinger . )
A get_data ( ) function was added to the pkgutil module that returns the contents of resource files included with an installed Python package .
For example : >>> import pkgutil >>> print pkgutil .
get_data ( ' test ' , ' exception_hierarchy.txt ' ) BaseException +-- SystemExit +-- KeyboardInterrupt +-- GeneratorExit +-- Exception +-- StopIteration +-- StandardError ... ( Contributed by Paul Moore ; bpo-2439 . )
The pyexpat module ’s Parser objects now allow setting their buffer_size attribute to change the size of the buffer used to hold character data .
( Contributed by Achim Gaedke ; bpo-1137 . )
The Queue module now provides queue variants that retrieve entries in different orders .
The Priority Queue class stores queued items in a heap and retrieves them in priority order , and LifoQueue retrieves the most recently added entries first , meaning that it behaves like a stack .
( Contributed by Raymond Hettinger . )
The random module ’s Random objects can now be pickled on a 32 - bit system and unpickled on a 64 - bit system , and vice versa .
Unfortunately , this change also means that Python 2.6 ’s Random objects ca n’t be unpickled correctly on earlier versions of Python .
( Contributed by Shawn Ligocki ; bpo-1727780 . )
The new triangular ( low , high , mode ) function returns random numbers following a triangular distribution .
The returned values are between low and high , not including high itself , and with mode as the most frequently occurring value in the distribution .
( Contributed by Wladmir van der Laan and Raymond Hettinger ; bpo-1681432 . )
Long regular expression searches carried out by the re module will check for signals being delivered , so time - consuming searches can now be interrupted .
( Contributed by Josh Hoyt and Ralf Schmitt ; bpo-846388 . )
The regular expression module is implemented by compiling bytecodes for a tiny regex - specific virtual machine .
Untrusted code could create malicious strings of bytecode directly and cause crashes , so Python 2.6 includes a verifier for the regex bytecode .
( Contributed by Guido van Rossum from work for Google App Engine ; bpo-3487 . )
The rlcompleter module ’s Completer.complete ( ) method will now ignore exceptions triggered while evaluating a name .
( Fixed by Lorenz Quack ; bpo-2250 . )
The sched module ’s scheduler instances now have a read - only queue attribute that returns the contents of the scheduler ’s queue , represented as a list of named tuples with the fields ( time , priority , action , argument ) .
( Contributed by Raymond Hettinger ; bpo-1861 . )
The select module now has wrapper functions for the Linux epoll ( ) and BSD kqueue ( ) system calls .
modify ( ) method was added to the existing poll objects ; pollobj.modify ( fd , eventmask ) takes a file descriptor or file object and an event mask , modifying the recorded event mask for that file .
( Contributed by Christian Heimes ; bpo-1657 . )
The shutil.copytree ( ) function now has an optional ignore argument that takes a callable object .
This callable will receive each directory path and a list of the directory ’s contents , and returns a list of names that will be ignored , not copied .
The shutil module also provides an ignore_patterns ( ) function for use with this new parameter .
ignore_patterns ( ) takes an arbitrary number of glob - style patterns and returns a callable that will ignore any files and directories that match any of these patterns .
The following example copies a directory tree , but skips both .svn directories and Emacs backup files , which have names ending with ‘ ~ ’ : shutil .
copytree ( ' Doc/library ' , '/ tmp/library ' , ignore = shutil .
ignore_patterns ( '* ~ ' , '.svn ' ) )
( Contributed by Tarek Ziadé ; bpo-2663 . )
Integrating signal handling with GUI handling event loops like those used by Tkinter or GTk + has long been a problem ; most software ends up polling , waking up every fraction of a second to check if any GUI events have occurred .
The signal module can now make this more efficient .
Calling signal.set_wakeup_fd(fd ) sets a file descriptor to be used ; when a signal is received , a byte is written to that file descriptor .
There ’s also a C - level function , PySignal_SetWakeupFd( ) , for setting the descriptor .
Event loops will use this by opening a pipe to create two descriptors , one for reading and one for writing .
The writable descriptor will be passed to set_wakeup_fd ( ) , and the readable descriptor will be added to the list of descriptors monitored by the event loop via select ( ) or poll ( ) .
On receiving a signal , a byte will be written and the main event loop will be woken up , avoiding the need to poll .
( Contributed by Adam Olsen ; bpo-1583 . )
The siginterrupt ( ) function is now available from Python code , and allows changing whether signals can interrupt system calls or not .
( Contributed by Ralf Schmitt . )
The setitimer ( ) and getitimer ( ) functions have also been added ( where they ’re available ) .
setitimer ( ) allows setting interval timers that will cause a signal to be delivered to the process after a specified time , measured in wall - clock time , consumed process time , or combined process + system time .
( Contributed by Guilherme Polo ; bpo-2240 . )
The smtplib module now supports SMTP over SSL thanks to the addition of the SMTP_SSL class .
This class supports an interface identical to the existing SMTP class .
( Contributed by Monty Taylor . )
Both class constructors also have an optional timeout parameter that specifies a timeout for the initial connection attempt , measured in seconds .
( Contributed by Facundo Batista . )
An implementation of the LMTP protocol ( RFC 2033 ) was also added to the module .
LMTP is used in place of SMTP when transferring e-mail between agents that do n’t manage a mail queue .
( LMTP implemented by Leif Hedstrom ; bpo-957003 . ) SMTP.starttls ( ) now complies with RFC 3207 and forgets any knowledge obtained from the server not obtained from the TLS negotiation itself .
( Patch contributed by Bill Fenner ; bpo-829951 . )
The socket module now supports TIPC ( http://tipc.sourceforge.net/), a high - performance non-IP - based protocol designed for use in clustered environments .
TIPC addresses are 4 - or 5 - tuples .
( Contributed by Alberto Bertogli ; bpo-1646 . )
A new function , create_connection ( ) , takes an address and connects to it using an optional timeout value , returning the connected socket object .
This function also looks up the address ’s type and connects to it using IP v4 or IP v6 as appropriate .
Changing your code to use create_connection ( ) instead of socket ( socket .
AF_INET , ... ) may be all that ’s required to make your code work with IPv6 .
The base classes in the SocketServer module now support calling a handle_timeout ( ) method after a span of inactivity specified by the server ’s timeout attribute .
( Contributed by Michael Pomraning . )
The serve_forever ( ) method now takes an optional poll interval measured in seconds , controlling how often the server will check for a shutdown request .
( Contributed by Pedro Werneck and Jeffrey Yasskin ; bpo-742598 , bpo-1193577 . )
The sqlite3 module , maintained by Gerhard Häring , has been updated from version 2.3.2 in Python 2.5 to version 2.4.1 .
The struct module now supports the C99 _Bool type , using the format character '?' .
( Contributed by David Remahl . )
The Popen objects provided by the subprocess module now have terminate ( ) , kill ( ) , and send_signal ( ) methods .
On Windows , send_signal ( ) only supports the SIGTERM signal , and all these methods are aliases for the Win32 API function TerminateProcess ( ) .
( Contributed by Christian Heimes . )
A new variable in the sys module , float_info , is an object containing information derived from the float.h file about the platform ’s floating - point support .
Attributes of this object include mant_dig ( number of digits in the mantissa ) , epsilon ( smallest difference between 1.0 and the next largest value representable ) , and several others .
( Contributed by Christian Heimes ; bpo-1534 . )
Another new variable , dont_write_bytecode , controls whether Python writes any .pyc or . pyo files on importing a module .
If this variable is true , the compiled files are not written .
The variable is initially set on start - up by supplying the - B switch to the Python interpreter , or by setting the PYTHONDONTWRITEBYTECODE environment variable before running the interpreter .
Python code can subsequently change the value of this variable to control whether bytecode files are written or not .
( Contributed by Neal Norwitz and Georg Brandl . )
Information about the command - line arguments supplied to the Python interpreter is available by reading attributes of a named tuple available as sys.flags .
For example , the verbose attribute is true if Python was executed in verbose mode , debug is true in debugging mode , etc .
These attributes are all read - only .
( Contributed by Christian Heimes . )
A new function , getsizeof ( ) , takes a Python object and returns the amount of memory used by the object , measured in bytes .
Built - in objects return correct results ; third - party extensions may not , but can define a __sizeof__ ( ) method to return the object ’s size .
( Contributed by Robert Schuppenies ; bpo-2898 . )
It ’s now possible to determine the current profiler and tracer functions by calling sys.getprofile ( ) and sys.gettrace ( ) .
( Contributed by Georg Brandl ; bpo-1648 . )
The tarfile module now supports POSIX.1-2001 ( pax ) tarfiles in addition to the POSIX.1 - 1988 ( ustar ) and GNU tar formats that were already supported .
The default format is GNU tar ; specify the format parameter to open a file using a different format : tar = tarfile .
open ( " output.tar " , " w " , format = tarfile .
PAX_FORMAT )
The new encoding and errors parameters specify an encoding and an error handling scheme for character conversions .
' strict ' , ' ignore ' , and ' replace ' are the three standard ways Python can handle errors , ; ' utf - 8 ' is a special value that replaces bad characters with their UTF - 8 representation .
( Character conversions occur because the PAX format supports Unicode filenames , defaulting to UTF - 8 encoding . )
The TarFile.add ( ) method now accepts an exclude argument that ’s a function that can be used to exclude certain filenames from an archive .
The function must take a filename and return true if the file should be excluded or false if it should be archived .
The function is applied to both the name initially passed to add ( ) and to the names of files in recursively - added directories .
( All changes contributed by Lars Gustäbel ) .
An optional timeout parameter was added to the telnetlib .
Telnet class constructor , specifying a timeout measured in seconds .
( Added by Facundo Batista . )
The tempfile .
NamedTemporary
File class usually deletes the temporary file it created when the file is closed .
This behaviour can now be changed by passing delete =
False to the constructor .
( Contributed by Damien Miller ; bpo-1537850 . )
A new class , SpooledTemporaryFile , behaves like a temporary file but stores its data in memory until a maximum size is exceeded .
On reaching that limit , the contents will be written to an on - disk temporary file .
( Contributed by Dustin J. Mitchell . )
The NamedTemporaryFile and SpooledTemporaryFile classes both work as context managers , so you can write with tempfile . NamedTemporaryFile ( ) as tmp : ... .
( Contributed by Alexander Belopolsky ; bpo-2021 . )
The test . test_support module gained a number of context managers useful for writing tests .
EnvironmentVarGuard( ) is a context manager that temporarily changes environment variables and automatically restores them to their old values .
Another context manager , TransientResource , can surround calls to resources that may or may not be available ; it will catch and ignore a specified list of exceptions .
For example , a network test may ignore certain failures when connecting to an external web site : with test_support .
TransientResource ( IOError , errno = errno .
ETIMEDOUT ) : f = urllib .
urlopen ( ' https://sf.net' ) ... Finally , check_warnings ( ) resets the warning module ’s warning filters and returns an object that will record all warning messages triggered ( bpo - 3781 ) : with test_support .
check_warnings ( ) as wrec : warnings .
simplefilter ( " always " ) # ... code that triggers a warning ... assert str ( wrec .
message ) == " function is outdated " assert len ( wrec .
warnings ) == 1 , " Multiple warnings raised " ( Contributed by Brett Cannon . )
The textwrap module can now preserve existing whitespace at the beginnings and ends of the newly - created lines by specifying drop_whitespace =
False as an argument : >>> S = " " " This sentence has a bunch of ... extra whitespace . " " " >>> print textwrap .
fill ( S , width = 15 ) This sentence has a bunch of extra whitespace .
>>> print textwrap .
fill ( S , drop_whitespace = False , width = 15 ) This sentence has a bunch of extra whitespace . >>>
( Contributed by Dwayne Bailey ; bpo-1581073 . )
The threading module API is being changed to use properties such as daemon instead of setDaemon ( ) and isDaemon ( ) methods , and some methods have been renamed to use underscores instead of camel - case ; for example , the activeCount ( ) method is renamed to active_count ( ) .
Both the 2.6 and 3.0 versions of the module support the same properties and renamed methods , but do n’t remove the old methods .
No date has been set for the deprecation of the old APIs in Python 3.x ; the old APIs wo n’t be removed in any 2.x version .
( Carried out by several people , most notably Benjamin Peterson . )
The threading module ’s Thread objects gained an ident property that returns the thread ’s identifier , a nonzero integer .
( Contributed by Gregory P. Smith ; bpo-2871 . )
The timeit module now accepts callables as well as strings for the statement being timed and for the setup code .
Two convenience functions were added for creating Timer instances : repeat ( stmt , setup , time , repeat , number ) and timeit ( stmt , setup , time , number ) create an instance and call the corresponding method .
( Contributed by Erik Demaine ; bpo-1533909 . )
The Tkinter module now accepts lists and tuples for options , separating the elements by spaces before passing the resulting value to Tcl / Tk. ( Contributed by Guilherme Polo ; bpo-2906 . )
The turtle module for turtle graphics was greatly enhanced by Gregor Lingl .
New features in the module include : Better animation of turtle movement and rotation .
Control over turtle movement using the new delay ( ) , tracer ( ) , and speed ( ) methods .
The ability to set new shapes for the turtle , and to define a new coordinate system .
Turtles now have an undo( ) method that can roll back actions .
Simple support for reacting to input events such as mouse and keyboard activity , making it possible to write simple games .
A turtle.cfg file can be used to customize the starting appearance of the turtle ’s screen .
The module ’s docstrings can be replaced by new docstrings that have been translated into another language .
( bpo-1513695 )
An optional timeout parameter was added to the urllib.urlopen ( ) function and the urllib .
ftpwrapper class constructor , as well as the urllib2.urlopen ( ) function .
The parameter specifies a timeout measured in seconds .
For example : >>> u = urllib2 . urlopen ( " http://slow.example.com " , timeout=3 ) Traceback ( most recent call last ) : ... urllib2.URLError : < urlopen error timed out > >>>
( Added by Facundo Batista . )
The Unicode database provided by the unicodedata module has been updated to version 5.1.0 .
( Updated by Martin von Löwis ; bpo -3811 . )
The warnings module ’s formatwarning ( ) and showwarning ( ) gained an optional line argument that can be used to supply the line of source code .
( Added as part of bpo-1631171 , which re-implemented part of the warnings module in C code . )
A new function , catch_warnings ( ) , is a context manager intended for testing purposes that lets you temporarily modify the warning filters and then restore their original values ( bpo - 3781 ) .
The XML - RPC SimpleXMLRPCServer and DocXMLRPCServer classes can now be prevented from immediately opening and binding to their socket by passing False as the bind_and_activate constructor parameter .
This can be used to modify the instance ’s allow_reuse_address attribute before calling the server_bind ( ) and server_activate ( ) methods to open the socket and begin listening for connections .
( Contributed by Peter Parente ; bpo-1599845 . )
SimpleXMLRPCServer also has a _send_traceback_header attribute ; if true , the exception and formatted traceback are returned as HTTP headers “ X - Exception ” and “ X - Traceback ” .
This feature is for debugging purposes only and should not be used on production servers because the tracebacks might reveal passwords or other sensitive information .
( Contributed by Alan McIntyre as part of his project for Google ’s Summer of Code 2007 . )
The xmlrpclib module no longer automatically converts datetime .date and datetime .
time to the xmlrpclib .
DateTime type ; the conversion semantics were not necessarily correct for all applications .
Code using xmlrpclib should convert date and time instances .
( bpo -1330538 )
The code can also handle dates before 1900 ( contributed by Ralf Schmitt ; bpo-2014 ) and 64 - bit integers represented by using < i8 > in XML - RPC responses ( contributed by Riku Lindblad ; bpo-2985 ) .
The zipfile module ’s ZipFile class now has extract ( ) and extractall ( ) methods that will unpack a single file or all the files in the archive to the current directory , or to a specified directory : z = zipfile .
ZipFile ( ' python-251.zip ' ) #
Unpack a single file , writing it relative # to the /tmp directory .
z .
extract ( ' Python/sysmodule.c ' , '/ tmp ' ) # Unpack all the files in the archive .
z . extractall () ( Contributed by Alan McIntyre ; bpo-467924 . )
The open ( ) , read ( ) and extract ( ) methods can now take either a filename or a ZipInfo object .
This is useful when an archive accidentally contains a duplicated filename .
( Contributed by Graham Horler ; bpo-1775025 . )
Finally , zipfile now supports using Unicode filenames for archived files .
( Contributed by Alexey Borzenkov ; bpo-1734346 . )
The ast module ¶
The ast module provides an Abstract Syntax Tree representation of Python code , and Armin Ronacher contributed a set of helper functions that perform a variety of common tasks .
These will be useful for HTML templating packages , code analyzers , and similar tools that process Python code .
The parse ( ) function takes an expression and returns an AST .
The dump ( ) function outputs a representation of a tree , suitable for debugging : import ast t = ast .
parse ( " " " d = {} for i in ' abcdefghijklm ' : d[i + i ] = ord ( i ) - ord ( 'a ' ) + 1 print d " " " ) print ast .
dump ( t )
This outputs a deeply nested tree : Module ( body = [ Assign ( targets = [ Name ( id = ' d ' , ctx = Store ( ) ) ] , value = Dict ( keys = [ ] , values = [ ] ) )
For ( target = Name ( id = ' i ' , ctx = Store ( ) ) , iter = Str ( s = ' abcdefghijklm ' ) , body = [ Assign ( targets = [ Subscript ( value = Name ( id = ' d ' , ctx = Load ( ) ) , slice = Index ( value = BinOp ( left = Name ( id = ' i ' , ctx = Load ( ) ) , op = Add ( ) , right = Name ( id = ' i ' , ctx = Load ( ) ) ) ) , ctx = Store ( ) ) ] , value = BinOp ( left = BinOp ( left = Call ( func = Name ( id = ' ord ' , ctx = Load ( ) ) , args = [ Name ( id = ' i ' , ctx = Load ( ) ) ] , keywords = [ ] , starargs = None , kwargs = None ) , op = Sub ( ) , right = Call ( func = Name ( id = ' ord ' , ctx = Load ( ) ) , args = [ Str ( s = ' a ' ) ] , keywords = [ ] , starargs = None , kwargs = None ) ) , op = Add ( ) , right = Num ( n = 1 ) ) ) ] , orelse = [ ] )
Print ( dest = None , values = [ Name ( id = ' d ' , ctx = Load ( ) ) ] , nl = True ) ])
The literal_eval ( ) method takes a string or an AST representing a literal expression , parses and evaluates it , and returns the resulting value .
A literal expression is a Python expression containing only strings , numbers , dictionaries , etc. but no statements or function calls .
If you need to evaluate an expression but cannot accept the security risk of using an eval ( ) call , literal_eval ( ) will handle it safely : >>> literal = ' ( " a " , " b " , { 2:4 , 3:8 , 1:2} ) ' >>> print ast .
literal_eval ( literal ) ( 'a ' , 'b ' , { 1 : 2 , 2 : 4 , 3 : 8} ) >>> print ast .
literal_eval ( ' " a " + " b " ' )
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : ... ValueError : malformed string
The module also includes NodeVisitor and NodeTransformer classes for traversing and modifying an AST , and functions for common transformations such as changing line numbers .
The future_builtins module¶ Python 3.0 makes many changes to the repertoire of built - in functions , and most of the changes ca n’t be introduced in the Python 2.x series because they would break compatibility .
The future_builtins module provides versions of these built - in functions that can be imported when writing 3.0 - compatible code .
The functions in this module currently include : ascii( obj ) : equivalent to repr ( ) .
In Python 3.0 , repr ( ) will return a Unicode string , while ascii ( ) will return a pure ASCII bytestring .
filter ( predicate , iterable ) , map ( func , iterable1 , ... ) : the 3.0 versions return iterators , unlike the 2.x builtins which return lists .
hex ( value ) , oct ( value ) : instead of calling the __hex__ ( ) or __oct__ ( ) methods , these versions will call the __index__ ( ) method and convert the result to hexadecimal or octal .
oct ( ) will use the new 0o notation for its result .
The json module : JavaScript Object Notation ¶
The new json module supports the encoding and decoding of Python types in JSON ( Javascript Object Notation ) .
JSON is a lightweight interchange format often used in web applications .
For more information about JSON , see http://www.json.org.
json comes with support for decoding and encoding most built - in Python types .
The following example encodes and decodes a dictionary : >>> import json >>> data = { " spam " : " foo " , " parrot " : 42 } >>> in_json = json .
dumps ( data ) # Encode the data >>> in_json ' { " parrot " : 42 , " spam " : " foo " } ' >>> json .
loads ( in_json ) # Decode into a Python object { " spam " : " foo " , " parrot " : 42 }
It ’s also possible to write your own decoders and encoders to support more types .
Pretty - printing of the JSON strings is also supported .
json ( originally called simplejson ) was written by Bob Ippolito .
The plistlib module : A Property - List Parser ¶
The .plist format is commonly used on Mac OS X to store basic data types ( numbers , strings , lists , and dictionaries ) by serializing them into an XML - based format .
It resembles the XML - RPC serialization of data types .
Despite being primarily used on Mac OS X , the format has nothing Mac- specific about it and the Python implementation works on any platform that Python supports , so the plistlib module has been promoted to the standard library .
Using the module is simple : import sys import plistlib import datetime # Create data structure data_struct = dict ( last Accessed = datetime .
datetime . now ( ) , version = 1 , categories = ( ' Personal ' , ' Shared ' , ' Private ' ) ) # Create string containing XML .
plist_str = plistlib .
writePlistToString ( data_struct ) new_struct = plistlib .
readPlistFromString ( plist_str ) print data_struct print new_struct #
Write data structure to a file and read it back .
plistlib .
writePlist ( data_struct , '/tmp/customizations.plist ' ) new_struct = plistlib .
readPlist ( '/tmp/customizations.plist ' ) # read / writePlist accepts file - like objects as well as paths .
plistlib .
writePlist ( data_struct , sys .
stdout ) ctypes Enhancements ¶ Thomas Heller continued to maintain and enhance the ctypes module .
ctypes now supports a c_bool datatype that represents the C99 bool type .
( Contributed by David Remahl ; bpo-1649190 . )
The ctypes string , buffer and array types have improved support for extended slicing syntax , where various combinations of ( start , stop , step ) are supplied .
( Implemented by Thomas Wouters . )
All ctypes data types now support from_buffer ( ) and from_buffer_copy ( ) methods that create a ctypes instance based on a provided buffer object . from_buffer_copy ( ) copies the contents of the object , while from_buffer ( ) will share the same memory area .
A new calling convention tells ctypes to clear the errno or Win32 LastError variables at the outset of each wrapped call .
( Implemented by Thomas Heller ; bpo-1798 . )
You can now retrieve the Unix errno variable after a function call .
When creating a wrapped function , you can supply use_errno= True as a keyword parameter to the DLL ( ) function and then call the module - level methods set_errno ( ) and get_errno ( ) to set and retrieve the error value .
The Win32 LastError variable is similarly supported by the DLL ( ) , OleDLL ( ) , and WinDLL ( ) functions .
You supply use_last_error=True as a keyword parameter and then call the module - level methods set_last_error ( ) and get_last_error ( ) .
The byref ( ) function , used to retrieve a pointer to a ctypes instance , now has an optional offset parameter that is a byte count that will be added to the returned pointer .
Improved SSL Support¶ Bill Janssen made extensive improvements to Python 2.6 ’s support for the Secure Sockets Layer by adding a new module , ssl , that ’s built atop the OpenSSL library .
This new module provides more control over the protocol negotiated , the X.509 certificates used , and has better support for writing SSL servers ( as opposed to clients ) in Python .
The existing SSL support in the socket module has n’t been removed and continues to work , though it will be removed in Python 3.0 .
To use the new module , you must first create a TCP connection in the usual way and then pass it to the ssl.wrap_socket ( ) function .
It ’s possible to specify whether a certificate is required , and to obtain certificate info by calling the getpeercert ( ) method .
See also The documentation for the ssl module .
Deprecations and Removals ¶ String exceptions have been removed .
Attempting to use them raises a TypeError .
Changes to the Exception interface as dictated by PEP 352 continue to be made .
For 2.6 , the message attribute is being deprecated in favor of the args attribute .
( 3.0 - warning mode ) Python 3.0 will feature a reorganized standard library that will drop many outdated modules and rename others .
Python 2.6 running in 3.0 - warning mode will warn about these modules when they are imported .
The list of deprecated modules is : audiodev , bgenlocations , buildtools , bundlebuilder , Canvas , compiler , dircache , dl , fpformat , gensuitemodule , ihooks , imageop , imgfile , linuxaudiodev , mhlib , mimetools , multifile , new , pure , st
New global warming threat as scientists discover massive methane ' time bomb ' under the Arctic seabed
Global warming could rapidly accelerate as millions of tons of methane escape from beneath the Arctic seabed , scientists warned today .
Huge deposits of the greenhouse gas - 20 times more potent than carbon dioxide - are rising to the surface as the Arctic region heats up , according to preliminary findings .
Researchers found massive stores of sub -sea methane in several areas across thousands of square miles of the Siberian continental shelf and observed the gas bubbling up from the sea floor through ' chimneys ' , according to newspaper reports .
Researchers believe the Arctic Ocean seabed is thawing in patches and releasing greenhouse gases
The researchers believe escaping sub-sea methane is connected to rises in temperatures in the Arctic region .
One of the expedition leaders , Orjan Gustafsson , of Stockholm University in Sweden , said researchers had found ' an extensive area of intense methane release ' .
' At earlier sites we had found elevated levels of dissolved methane .
Yesterday , for the first time , we documented a field where the release was so intense that the methane did not have time to dissolve into the seawater but was rising as methane bubbles to the sea surface .
' These " methane chimneys " were documented on echo sounder and with seismic ( instruments ) , ' he said in an email from a Russian research ship , quoted in The Independent .
The email continued : ' The conventional thought has been that the permafrost " lid " on the sub -sea sediments on the Siberian shelf should cap and hold the massive reservoirs of shallow methane deposits in place .
' The growing evidence for release of methane in this inaccessible region may suggest that the permafrost lid is starting to get perforated and thus leak methane ...
The permafrost now has small holes .
' We have found elevated levels of methane above the water surface and even more in the water just below .
It is obvious that the source is the seabed . '
The average temperature of the region has risen by 4C over recent decades , leading to a major decline in the area of the Arctic Ocean covered by summer sea ice .
A week ago , Microsoft launched a patch for our Automatic Update .
The thing is that this patch did n’t come with information on it .
Users who run Win10 1607 and did n’t block forced patches , found out that their systems were run by a revised program and nobody knew what was the pupose of the patch .
The patch update is supposed to help Microsoft update machines to new versions of Windows .
The update was concerning the Compatibility Appraiser .
A user who called Microsoft about this patch was told that the patch was related to security issues concerning Flash .
Over the Microsoft forum you can see a lot of posts from users who blame the KB 4033637 Patch for issues such as :
System freezes until system restore is used and then the Automatic Update forces the patch again .
Second screen problems of recognition .
Installation of the patch stuck in the middle of downloading and no longer working .
USB drives not recognized in several laptops .
Devices run slowly Wi-Fi and Internet connection have been killed by the patch for some users .
Günter Born linked on his site some information on the KB4033637 Patch .
Apparently , the patch aims to diagnose and improve function in determining whether updates for Windows 10 Version 1607 are applicable or not .
It was also mentioned that the update was placed in the Automatic Updates and it was downloaded and installed on the devices .
When users asked what ’s with the KB4033637 patch , a Microsoft support employee answered that the updates are quality improvements and fixes .
The explanation was followed by a few questions which seemed odd to most of the users :
“ May we know why you ’re asking for this specific update ?
Are you having issues with it ?
Can you tell us the OS Build version of your computer if possible ? ”
If you do n’t trust any sort of update pushed by Microsoft through Automatic Updates , consider looking up a way of turning off Automatic Updates .
On a “ beautiful fall ” day in Palmer , Alaska , a pair of gorgeous lynx confronted one another in the middle of the road , as they are likely to do .
At first , it appeared almost as if the two big cats were casually chattering at one another .
When the first blow was …
From the New York Times today via MSNBC ~ States ’ purges of voter rolls appear illegal
The article reads :
“ Tens of thousands of eligible voters in at least six swing states have been removed from the rolls or have been blocked from registering in ways that appear to violate federal law , according to a review of state records and Social Security data by The New York Times .
The actions do not seem to be coordinated by one party or the other , nor do they appear to be the result of election officials intentionally breaking rules , but are apparently the result of mistakes in the handling of the registrations and voter files as the states tried to comply with a 2002 federal law , intended to overhaul the way elections are run . ”
There ’s more at the link .
This is a disaster in the making .
In some states twice as many voters have been purged than new registrations .
We should be demanding provisional ballots if we are told at the polls that we ’re ineligible due to purging .
We should be in the streets on November 5th if McCain wins this election due to this improper purging of eligible voters .
: : : : : : : : : :
The C++ ' const ' Declaration : Why & How
The ' const ' system is one of the really messy features of C ++.
It is simple in concept : variables declared with ‘ const ’ added become constants and cannot be altered by the program .
However it is also used to bodge in a substitute for one of the missing features of C++ and there it gets horridly complicated and sometimes frustratingly restrictive .
The following attempts to explain how ' const ' is used and why it exists .
Simple Use of ‘ const ’
The simplest use is to declare a named constant .
This was available in the ancestor of C++ , C .
To do this , one declares a constant as if it was a variable but add ‘ const ’ before it .
One has to initialise it immediately in the constructor because , of course , one cannot set the value later as that would be altering it .
For example ,
const int Constant1=96 ;
will create an integer constant , unimaginatively called ‘ Constant1 ’ , with the value 96 .
Such constants are useful for parameters which are used in the program but do not need to be changed after the program is compiled .
It has an advantage for programmers over the C preprocessor ‘ # define ’ command in that it is understood & used by the compiler itself , not just substituted into the program text by the preprocessor before reaching the main compiler , so error messages are much more helpful .
It also works with pointers but one has to be careful where ‘ const ’ is put as that determines whether the pointer or what it points to is constant .
For example ,
const int * Constant2
declares that Constant2 is a variable pointer to a constant integer and
int const * Constant2
is an alternative syntax which does the same , whereas
int * const Constant3
declares that Constant3 is constant pointer to a variable integer and
int const * const Constant4
declares that Constant4 is constant pointer to a constant integer .
Basically ‘ const ’ applies to whatever is on its immediate left ( other than if there is nothing there in which case it applies to whatever is its immediate right ) .
Use of ‘ const ’ in Functions Return Values
Of the possible combinations of pointers and ‘ const ’ , the constant pointer to a variable is useful for storage that can be changed in value but not moved in memory .
Even more useful is a pointer ( constant or otherwise ) to a ‘ const ’ value .
This is useful for returning constant strings and arrays from functions which , because they are implemented as pointers , the program could otherwise try to alter and crash .
Instead of a difficult to track down crash , the attempt to alter unalterable values will be detected during compilation .
For example , if a function which returns a fixed ‘ Some text ’ string is written like
char * Function1 ( )
{ return “ Some text ” ; }
then the program could crash if it accidentally tried to alter the value doing
Function1 ( ) [ 1 ] =’a ’ ;
whereas the compiler would have spotted the error if the original function had been written
const char * Function1 ( )
{ return " Some text " ; }
because the compiler would then know that the value was unalterable .
( Of course , the compiler could theoretically have worked that out anyway but C is not that clever . )
Where it Gets Messy - in Parameter Passing
When a subroutine or function is called with parameters , variables passed as the parameters might be read from in order to transfer data into the subroutine / function , written to in order to transfer data back to the calling program or both to do both .
Some languages enable one to specify this directly , such as having ‘ in : ’ , ‘ out : ’ & ‘ inout : ’ parameter types , whereas in C one has to work at a lower level and specify the method for passing the variables choosing one that also allows the desired data transfer direction .
For example , a subroutine like
void Subroutine1 ( int Parameter1 )
{ printf ( " %d " , Parameter1 ) ; }
accepts the parameter passed to it in the default C & C++ way - which is a copy .
Therefore the subroutine can read the value of the variable passed to it but not alter it because any alterations it makes are only made to the copy and are lost when the subroutine ends .
E.g .
void Subroutine2 ( int Parameter1 )
{ Parameter1=96;}
would leave the variable it was called with unchanged not set to 96 .
The addition of an ‘ & ’ to the parameter name in C++ ( which was a very confusing choice of symbol because an ‘ & ’ in front of variables elsewhere in C generates pointers ! ) causes the actual variable itself , rather than a copy , to be used as the parameter in the subroutine and therefore can be written to thereby passing data back out the subroutine .
Therefore
void Subroutine3 ( int & Parameter1 )
{ Parameter1=96;}
would set the variable it was called with to 96 .
This method of passing a variable as itself rather than a copy is called a ‘ reference ’ in C ++.
That way of passing variables was a C++ addition to C.
To pass an alterable variable in original C , a rather involved method was used .
This involved using a pointer to the variable as the parameter then altering what it pointed to was used .
For example
void Subroutine4 ( int * Parameter1 )
{ * Parameter1=96;}
works but requires the every use of the variable in the called routine altered like that and the calling routine also altered to pass a pointer to the variable .
It is rather cumbersome .
But where does ‘ const ’ come into this ?
Well , there is a second common use for passing data by reference or pointer instead of as a copy .
That is when copying the variable would waste too much memory or take too long .
This is particularly likely with large & compound user - defined variable types ( ‘ structures ’ in C & ‘ classes ’ in C++ ) .
So a subroutine declared
void Subroutine4( big_structure_type & Parameter1 ) ;
might being using ‘ & ’ because it is going to alter the variable passed to it or it might just be to save copying time and there is no way to tell which it is if the function is compiled in someone else ’s library .
This could be a risk if one needs to trust the subroutine not to alter the variable .
To solve this , ‘ const ’ can be used in the parameter list .
E.g .
void Subroutine4 ( big_structure_type const & Parameter1 ) ;
which will cause the variable to be passed without copying but stop it from then being altered .
This is messy because it is essentially making an in - only variable passing method from a both - ways variable passing method which was itself made from an in - only variable passing method just to trick the compiler into doing some optimization .
Ideally , the programmer should not need control this detail of specifying exactly how it variables are passed , just say which direction the information goes and leave the compiler to optimize it automatically , but C was designed for raw low - level programming on far less powerful computers than are standard these days so the programmer has to do it explicitly .
Messier Still - in the Object Oriented Programming
In Object Oriented Programming , calling a ‘ method ’ ( the Object Oriented name for a function ) of an object gives an extra complication .
As well as the variables in the parameter list , the method has access to the member variables of the object itself which are always passed directly not as copies .
For example a trivial class , ‘ Class1 ’ , defined as
class Class1
{ void Method1 ( ) ;
int MemberVariable1;}
has no explicit parameters at all to ‘ Method1 ’ but calling it in an object in this class might alter ‘ MemberVariable1 ’ of that object if ‘ Method1 ’ happened to be , for example ,
void Class1:: Method1 ( )
{ MemberVariable1=MemberVariable1+1;}
The solution to that is to put ‘ const ’ after the parameter list like
class Class2
{ void Method1 ( ) const ;
int MemberVariable1;}
which will ban Method1 in Class2 from being anything which can attempt to alter any member variables in the object .
Of course one sometimes needs to combine some of these different uses of ‘ const ’ which can get confusing as in
const int*const Method3 ( const int*const& ) const ;
where the 5 uses ‘ const ’ respectively mean that the variable pointed to by the returned pointer & the returned pointer itself wo n’t be alterable and that the method does not alter the variable pointed to by the given pointer , the given pointer itself & the object of which it is a method !.
Inconveniences of ‘ const ’
Besides the confusingness of the ‘ const ’ syntax , there are some useful things which the system prevents programs doing .
One in particular annoys me because my programs often needed to be optimized for speed .
This is that a method which is declared ‘ const ’ cannot even make changes to the hidden parts of its object that would not make any changes that would be apparent from the outside .
This includes storing intermediary results of long calculations which would save processing time in subsequent calls to the class ’s methods .
Instead it either has to pass such intermediary results back to the calling routine to store and pass back next time ( messy ) or recalculate from scratch next time ( inefficient ) .
In later versions of C++ , the ‘ mutable ’ keyword was added which enables ‘ const ’ to be overridden for this purpose but it totally relies on trusting the programmer to only use it for that purpose so , if you have to write a program using someone else 's class which uses ‘ mutable ’ then you cannot guarantee that ‘ mutable ’ things will really be constant which renders ‘ const ’ virtually useless .
This Week in the World Affairs Brief
CALIFORNIA : A MODEL FOR NATIONAL DESTRUCTION
Every week another radical bill or three surfaces in California ’s Democrat - controlled state legislature .
This should be a lesson to all of us about what happens when radical Democrats gain control of all branches of government — executive , legislative and judicial — they get on a roll and start tearing down all barriers to crime , evil , and democratic tyranny .
Most of the laws are aimed at granting more funding to California ’s growing illegal and welfare recipient groups , including the huge and ever - increasing population of homeless people .
Even when Democrats did not have effective control over the executive and the legislature , they could rely on their allies in the California Supreme Court to push for free public education and medical care for illegals , promote abortion , and restrict gun rights .
Now that Democrats directly control all the levers of powers , there is no shortage of radicals in the legislature to team up with Governor Newsom pushing every hairbrained scheme to destroy this beautiful state , and the same fate awaits the rest of the nation if we succumb to similar situations in our states and the nation ’s capitol come November .
To receive a one - time free sample copy , email the editor at worldaffairsbrief.com
Also :
It 's a celebration , bitches !
The good folks at Obama For President just made your week .
Jay - Z will play a free show in Bayfront Park Amphitheater this Sunday at 8:30 p.m. to drum up voter registration for his favorite presidential candidate .
A quick call to an Obama office in Coral Gables this morning confirmed the details : tickets are available starting tomorrow ( Thursday ) at all Campaign for Change offices in the area .
The show 's open to everyone 18 - and - up , but there 's only two tickets per person .
The Monday after the show is the last date to register to vote if you want to cast a ballot in this little Presidential election we 'll be having in November .
So add a couple notes to that to - do list :
* Get free Jay - Z tix .
* Register to vote .
* Cue the black superhero music .
-- Tim Elfrink
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The dramatic drop in violence in Iraq is due in large part to a secret program the U.S. military has used to kill terrorists , according to a new book by Pulitzer Prize - winning journalist Bob Woodward .
Bob Woodward 's book , " The War Within : Secret White House History 2006 - 2008 , " came out Monday .
The program -- which Woodward compares to the World War II era Manhattan Project that developed the atomic bomb -- must remain secret for now or it would " get people killed , " Woodward said Monday on CNN 's Larry King Live .
" It is a wonderful example of American ingenuity solving a problem in war , as we often have , " Woodward said .
In " The War Within : Secret White House History 2006 - 2008 , " Woodward disclosed the existence of secret operational capabilities developed by the military to locate , target and kill leaders of al Qaeda in Iraq and other insurgent leaders .
National security adviser Stephen Hadley , in a written statement reacting to Woodward 's book , acknowledged the new strategy .
Yet he disputed Woodward 's conclusion that the " surge " of 30,000 U.S. troops into Iraq was not the primary reason for the decline in violent attacks .
" It was the surge that provided more resources and a security context to support newly developed techniques and operations , " Hadley wrote .
Woodward , associate editor of the Washington Post , wrote that along with the surge and the new covert tactics , two other factors helped reduce the violence .
Watch Bob Woodward explain the strategy »
One was the decision of militant cleric Muqtada al - Sadr to order a cease - fire by his Mehdi Army .
The other was the " Anbar Awakening " movement that saw Sunni tribes aligning with U.S. troops to battle al Qaeda in Iraq .
Woodward told Larry King that while there is a debate over how much credit the new secret operations should get for the drop in violence , he concluded it " accounts for a good portion . "
" I would somewhat compare it to the Manhattan Project in World War II , " he said " It 's a ski slope right down in a matter of months , cutting the violence in half .
This is n't going to happen with the bunch of joint security stations or the surge . "
The top secret operations , he said , will " some day in history ... be described to people 's amazement . "
While he would not reveal the details , Woodward said the terrorists who have been targeted were already aware of the capabilities .
" The enemy has a heads up because they 've been getting wiped out and a lot of them have been killed , " he said .
" It 's not news to them .
" If you were a member of al Qaeda or the resistance or some extremist militia , you would be wise to get your rear end out of town , " Woodward said .
" It is very dangerous . "
All About Iraq War • Bob Woodward
I tried to create a lazy infinite Fibonacci stream using Scala , here are my two solutions .
The first one is a naive one using inner function :
def fib : Stream [ Long ]={
def fibInner ( f0 : Long , f1:Long ) : Stream [ Long ]={
Stream.cons ( f0 , fibInner ( f1 , f0+f1 ) )
}
fibInner ( 1,2 )
}
def fib2 : Stream [ Long ]={
Stream.cons (1 , Stream.cons ( 2 , fib2.zip( fib2.tail ).map(x=>x._1+x._2 ) ) )
}
The second one is ported from Haskell : Although both of them works but the second one is way slower than the first one .
New York , September 24 , 2008 – Mr. Gore ’s attack on coal was clear and forceful .
“ Clean coal is like healthy cigarettes – it does not exist , ” he said .
But Gore also added that if we can sequester coal , than okay .
But since the technology does not exist right now , we should n’t be pretending it is a solution .
Addressing attendees at the Clinton Global Initiative , Gore called on the young people in the United States to reject new coal - fired power plants .
“ It ’s time for civil disobedience to stop the construction of new coal plants , ” implored the former Vice - President .
After introductory remarks by former President Bill Clinton , Mayor of New York Michael Bloomberg , and cyclist Lance Armstrong , Al Gore launched a familiar - sounding polemic against carbon - based fuels with an intensified focus on the dishonest – and perhaps illegal – actions of the “ carbon lobby . ”
Al Gore joined the discussion begun by the high - profile collection of heads of state , corporate leaders , and one very well - behaved rockstar / activist .
Joining Clinton on stage was former Vice - President Al Gore ; the Queen of Jordan Rania Al - Abdullah ; the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Coca - Cola , E. Neville Isdell ; the President of Liberia , Ellent Johnson - Sirleaf , and Bono .
Gore takes on big carbon
Gore said for the carbon lobby to be trying to convince their stockholders that renewable energy is risky business and that climate change is a hoax , they are purporting a type of stock fraud that should be addressed by attorneys general across the country .
In terms of the regulatory and legislative actions that would move us towards de-carbonizing our energy infrastructure , Gore reiterated his support for a carbon tax that would move us away from an income tax .
“ Tax what we burn , not what we earn , ” said Gore , to resounding applause .
When pushed by President Clinton to elaborate the quickest and most cost - effective way to utilize our vast renewable resources , Gore said that we need to start with expanding what he calls the “ electranet . ”
A focus on expanding our renewable capacity would be centered on growing a smart grid – including an underground transmission infrastructure – that could and should be coupled with an expansion of this country ’s lagging broadband infrastructure .
“ This should be the number one infrastructure program in this country , ” said Gore .
>> Subscribe to my Twitter feed ( @ecopolitologist ) for more updates from the Clinton Global Initiative
Image credit : Tim Hurst
White nationalists are on their way back into power in Austria : Austrian Party That Wants to Bring Back Nazi Imagery Wins Big .
Students of history may feel misgivings at this point .
And a reminder : the Austrian Freedom Party ’s Heinz - Christian Strache was one of the organizers of that neo-fascist Trojan Horse “ anti- Islamisation ” meeting in Cologne .
Am I living in a war zone ?
This is the question I kept asking myself after witnessing the scene above .
What you are looking at is a DC National Guard Humvee with a huge spotlight and the photo below shows three National Guard Troops and one MPD office on the corner of 5th and Taylor , NW .
( Sadly , I only had my cell phone and it was pretty tough to get proper photos with the 50,000 watt spotlight shining . )
I mentioned last November how my neighbor and I heard a shooting in the middle of the day and hardly flinched .
That for sure was disturbing .
The not flinching that is .
But I think I am even more disturbed that I did n’t flinch at the sight of the DC National Guard Deployed in my neighborhood .
I mean at first I walked right by them .
I said to myself “ oh there must have been a shooting , so this is the response ” and just kept walking .
Then I thought , holy shit this the national guard , I ’ve never seen them deployed before .
How bad does it have to get for the guard to be deployed ?
I think sometimes I focus a little too much on the beautiful life and let the absurdity I sometimes experience slide .
I dare say it is not “ normal ” to have a guard humvee and troops on a residential block in DC .
Maybe in Baghdad at the moment .
But my relatively quiet little block ?
So when I gathered my wits I walked up to the MPD officer and asked what was going on ?
She replied , “ we ’re lighting up the block . ”
Um , ok .
I said I found it odd that Guard troops were with her and she said “ we do it all the time ” .
Um , ok .
Has anyone else ever seen Guard troops in full camouflage fatigues deployed in their neighborhood ?
Maybe the police do n’t have enough resources and needed to borrow the Guard ’s humvee with spotlight and a few troops ?
Maybe .
Or maybe I really am living in a war zone ?
Do n’t get me wrong , I ’d rather have them there than read ( or hear ) about another shooting .
But is this really the solution ?
Do / would you feel safer having National Guard troops deployed around “ hot spots ” in the city ?
White water rafting Scotland trips at Aberfeldy and Pitlochry include the following in the price :
1. Run as safely as only our 20 Years of rafting Scotland ’s rivers can make it .
2. Splash Rafting is Scotland ’s only 5 Star recommended adventure company on TripAdvisor .
3 . A range of accommodation options including 4 - star hotel and self - catering cottage resort with onsite swimming pool , sauna , bar and restaurant .
A campsite next door to us and an excellent standard bunkhouse .
4 . All gear and equipment supplied .
Packed lunches available at extra cost
5. Qualified Guides and Trip Leader on every trip with Operations Manager or Photographer on dry land at all times .
6 . Free transport back from rafting and canyoning experiences to our HQ
7. Suitable for 8 years to 94 !
Our oldest customer to date
8. Dewars Whisky
Distillery is our neighbour for those who fancy a whisky tasting adventure after the activities .
9 . Free photography of your rafting experience ( all our competitors charge ! )
10 . Will - not - be - beaten - on - price guarantee and no lost deposits
Finally , but most importantly , a fun and adventure - packed adrenaline - packed experience – run as safely as our years of experience can make it .
All our rafting trips can be combined with our other adrenaline buzzing adventures like River Bugs and Canyoning .
Usually , debates about abortion focus on politics and the law : should abortion be outlawed and treated like the murder of a human person , or remain a legal choice available to all women ?
Behind the debates are more fundamental ethical questions which are n’t always given the specific attention they deserve .
Some believe that the law should n’t legislate morality , but all good law is based upon moral values .
A failure to openly discuss those values can obscure important discussions .
Is the Fetus a Person With Rights ?
Much debate about the legality of abortion involves debating the legal status of the fetus .
If the fetus is a person , anti-choice activists argue , then abortion is murder and should be illegal .
Even if the fetus is a person , though , abortion may be justified as necessary to women ’s bodily autonomy -- but that would n’t mean that abortion is automatically ethical .
Perhaps the state can’t force women to carry pregnancies to term , but it could argue that it is the most ethical choice .
Does the Woman have Ethical Obligations to the Fetus ?
If a woman consented to sex and / or did n’t properly use contraception , then she knew that pregnancy might result .
Being pregnant means having a new life growing inside .
Whether the fetus is a person or not , and whether the state takes a position on abortion or not , it ’s arguable that a woman has some sort of ethical obligation to the fetus .
Perhaps this obligation is n’t strong enough to eliminate abortion as an option , but it may be enough to limit when abortion can be ethically chosen .
Does Abortion Treat the Fetus in an Unethical , Callous Way ?
Most debates on the ethics of abortion focus on whether the fetus is a person .
Even if it is not a person , however , this does n’t mean that it ca n’t have any moral standing .
Many people object to abortions later in pregnancy because they intuitively feel that there is something more human about a fetus which looks so much like a baby .
Anti-choice activists rely heavily upon this and they have a point .
Once the fetus looks like a baby , the choice to terminate becomes infinitely harder .
Ethics of Personal , Bodily Autonomy
It ’s arguable that a right to abortion is a right to control one ’s body and the death of the fetus is an unavoidable consequence of choosing not to continue a pregnancy .
That people have some ethical claim to personal , bodily autonomy must be regarded as fundamental to the conception of any ethical , democratic , and free society .
Given that autonomy exists as an ethical necessity , the question becomes how far that autonomy extends .
Can the state really force a woman to carry a pregnancy to term ?
Is It Ethical to Force a Woman to Carry a Pregnancy to Term ?
If legalized abortion is eliminated , then the law will be used to force women to carry pregnancies to term -- using their bodies to provide a place where a fetus can develop into a baby .
This is the ideal of anti-choice activists , but would it be ethical ?
Not permitting women a choice over being pregnant and reproducing is not compatible with justice in a free , democratic state .
Even if the fetus is a person and abortion unethical , it should n’t be prevented through unethical means .
Ethics and the Consequences of Sexual Activity :
Pregnancy almost invariably occurs as a consequence of sexual activity ; thus , questions about the ethics of abortion must include questions about the ethics of sex itself .
Some argue or at least seem to assume , that sexual activity must carry consequences , one of which may be pregnancy .
It is therefore unethical to try to prevent those consequences -- whether through abortion or contraception .
Modern sexual liberty , however , is often focused on freeing sex from traditional consequences .
Does the Woman Have Ethical Obligations to the Father ?
Pregnancy can only occur with the participation of a man who is equally as responsible for the existence of the fetus as the woman .
Should women give fathers any say in deciding whether the pregnancy is carried to term ?
If men have an ethical obligation to support a child after birth , do n’t they have an ethical claim on whether a child is born ?
Ideally , fathers would be consulted , but not every relationship is ideal and men do n’t run the same physical risks as a pregnant woman .
Is it Ethical to Give Birth to an Unwanted Child ?
While anti-choice activists like to hype supposed examples of women having abortions to keep their careers alive , it ’s far more common that women have abortions because they feel unable to properly care for the child .
Even if it were ethical to force women to carry pregnancies to term , it would not be ethical to force the birth of children who are unwanted and cannot be cared for .
Women who choose to abort when they cannot be good mothers are making the most ethical choice open to them .
Political vs. Religious Debates
Over the Ethics of Abortion
There are both political and religious dimensions to ethical debates over abortion .
Perhaps the most significant error which people make is to confuse the two , acting as though a decision on the religious front should necessitate a particular decision on the political front ( or vice - versa ) .
So long as we accept the existence of a secular sphere where religious leaders have no authority and religious doctrines cannot be the basis for law , we must also accept that civil law may be at odds with religious beliefs .
Abortion is a difficult issue -- no one approaches it lightly or makes a decision about whether to have an abortion lightly .
Abortion also touches upon a significant number of important , fundamental ethical questions : the nature of personhood , the nature of rights , human relationships , personal autonomy , the extent of state authority over personal decisions , and more .
All of this means that it is very important that we take abortion seriously as an ethical issue -- seriously enough to identify the various components and discuss them with as little prejudice as possible .
For some people , their approach to the ethical questions will be purely secular ; for others , it will be heavily informed by religious values and doctrines .
There is nothing inherently wrong or superior to either approach .
What would be wrong , however , would be to imagine that religious values should be the determining factor in these debates .
However important religious values may be to someone , they cannot become the basis for laws that apply to all citizens .
If people approach the debates openly and with a willingness to learn from others with different perspectives , then it might be possible for everyone to have a positive impact on others .
This may allow the debate to move forward and for progress to be made .
It may not be possible for broad agreements to be reached , but it may be possible for reasonable compromises to be achieved .
First , though , we need to understand what the issues are .
The drug maker Pfizer earlier this decade manipulated the publication of scientific studies to bolster the use of its epilepsy drug Neurontin for other disorders , while suppressing research that did not support those uses , according to experts who reviewed thousands of company documents for plaintiffs in a lawsuit against the company .
Pfizer ’s tactics included delaying the publication of studies that had found no evidence the drug worked for some other disorders , “ spinning ” negative data to place it in a more positive light , and bundling negative findings with positive studies to neutralize the results , according to written reports by the experts , who analyzed the documents at the request of the plaintiffs ’ lawyers .
One of the experts who reviewed the documents , Dr. Kay Dickersin of the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health , concluded that the Pfizer documents spell out “ a publication strategy meant to convince physicians of Neurontin ’s effectiveness and misrepresent or suppress negative findings . ”
Pfizer issued a statement Tuesday denying that it had manipulated Neurontin data , saying “ study results are reported by Pfizer in an objective , accurate , balanced and complete manner , with a discussion of the strengths and limitations of the study , and are reported regardless of the outcome of the study or the country in which the study was conducted . ”
Whenever you take out a loan the temptation is to imagine a big mountain of money in a secure vault somewhere .
Your friendly bank manager , a nice affable chap , is on hand doling out credit to any soul who can jump through his hoops .
This is miles , no decades , away from the truth .
Here ’s how debt works today ….
In order to lend money , banks have to borrow it from another bank .
Usually , that bank has also borrowed it from another bank … and so the borrowing continues .
As collateral for these loans many banks put up their assets .
Many of these assets are themselves funded by loans .
Some are even bundles of loans , grouped together to allow the income generated through the loans ’ repayments to be considered an asset .
So what you end up with if you seek debt advice in the UK in the end is a pile of debts , each secured against another .
As the pile rises the whole structure becomes shakier and shakier , making the architecture of the whole system riskier and riskier .
Not what a good economist wants to hear .
America In Debt
In case you do n’t believe me , here are some figures for the USA in 2007 :
total value of all goods and services produced : $ 13.5tr
total amount of money in circulation : $ 0.57tr
So half a trillion dollars has somehow funded 13 trillion dollars worth of economic activity ?
Get real !
This is a leverage factor of around 20:1 … some banks had been leveraging their assets at up to 40:1 .
In the meantime , Ordinary Joe , when buying a house is only allowed a leverage factor of 3:1 .
Man !
If I could leverage my income at 40:1 , I ’d be buying my senator ’s house !
Wow .. the common man lives in a mansion .
Or , more likely …..
…. this is utter madness !!
It ’s like driving a car faster and faster and faster because you have n’t reached the bend in the road yet .
When that bend arrives , you ’re going too fast and there ’s a huge and bloody car crash .
Period .
Better Rules For The Economy
So let ’s get three things straight in our new economic architecture :
Only money is money .
It ’s the common denominator in any economy , used to measure the value of all things .
Only the Central Bank can create it .
Assets are items which may be of value in the future .
They can be offered as loan collateral but only ( say ) 80 % of an asset ’s value can be lent .
Their imagined value cannot be called money .
Debts are an absence of value , not the creation of money .
They may not be considered assets and no institution ’s debts may exceed their assets ’ value ( ie. a 1:1 gearing )
Do you agree with these points , or do you think they ’re far liberal or restrictive ?
Or can you think of something which needs to be added to next week ’s topic : competition and growth ?
Either way , I always enjoy hearing your views and discussing them with you .
Do n’t be shy !
Post a comment below or start a thread on the Green Options Discussion Forum !
Related Posts :
Is Your Money Safe Where It Is ?
What About Green Stocks ?
Wealth and Value : New Economic Architecture Required
Lehman Brothers Collapse : New Economic Architecture Required
Picture Credit : “ National Debt ” by Digiart2001 from Flickr under Creative Commons Attribution Share Alike Licenese .
Michael Knight is gearing up to make his big screen debut .
It has been revealed that James Wan is set to produce a Knight Rider Movie .
The project is being put together through Wan's Atomic Monster production company , in partnership with Spyglass Media Group .
The idea is to bring the classic 80s series starring David Hasselhoff back to life with a present - day reboot .
According to a new report , Knight Rider will be written by Tj Fixman , who is known best for his work as a video game writer .
James
Wan will produce and develop the project alongside Michael Clear Judson Scott is on board as an executive producer .
There is no word yet on who may end up in the director 's chair , nor have any casting decisions been revealed .
So it 's not out of the question for David Hasselhoff to return in some capacity .
It is stressed that the movie
Schwarzkopf , makers of the gÖt2b line of hair care products , have introduced a hair gel called “ gÖt2 b Magnetik , With Phermones . ”
This hair gel contains a substance banned for use in international competition both inside and outside of the competitive season and could result in an athlete failing a drug test .
In the worst case , use of this product could result in an athlete losing an Olympic gold medal .
Why ?
The product contains androstadienone , a precursor of testosterone that is listed as a banned substance by the United States Anti-Doping Agency ( USADA ) .
Androstadienone , the pheromone ingredient , is a precursor to testosterone , and as such it may have testosterone - like effects .
Since these effects may be anabolic , it is listed on the USADA anabolic list .
Pheromones are biochemicals produced by animals which elicit physiological or behavioral responses in other members of the same species .
Whether these biochemicals play a role in the sexual or reproductive behavior of humans remains controversial , but nevertheless some manufacturers have still included pheromones in certain consumer products , such as fragrance .
Frédéric Donzé , a spokesman for the World Anti-Doping Agency , explained that , “ the absorption of such substance by hair is extremely low , if not null . "
However , there is still the possibility that an adverse analytical finding could result .
Donzé explained that , " should an athlete argue that a substance contained in a hair gel caused an adverse analytical finding , subsequent excretion studies would allow to check whether that argument would be valid or not in the particular case . ”
While it is unlikely that androstadienone would provide physiological benefits in elite performance , the substance is still banned by USADA .
Moreover , if a substance appears on this list , it is a compound for which doping agencies are specifically testing .
Ashley Anderson , a Pharmacist at the United States Anti-Doping Agency , explained that “ if they did test positive , of course they would scrutinize it and review where the substance came from and make the individual decision based on the individual case .
But there is the potential that performance gains could be linked to the anabolic agent . ”
In the past , athletes have even failed drug tests for using over - the - counter cough syrup or decongestants with small amounts of banned substances .
USADA , as well as both the World Anti-Doping Agency ( WADA ) and the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) , have strict liability rules which hold athletes accountable for banned substances regardless of whether they knew they were taking them .
It is the athlete ’s own responsibility to be aware of all the products that they are using , and the potential for those products to be absorbed or ingested .
“ I actually have athletes calling me and reading a list of their cleaning products to me to make sure they ’re safe , ” says Ms. Anderson .
Schwarzkopf hair care products , makers of the hair gel , had not returned phone calls or e-mails for a comment .
“ He ’s free to just strike deals , to do special deals , ” says Lawrence White , a former White House economist and savings and loan regulator , who adds Congress was aware of the powers being given to Paulson and thus pressed hard for an oversight board .
Like the auction process , however , that board has yet to be set up , and with developments in the financial markets moving much faster than the Washington bureaucracy it might not be long before Paulson takes action .
Indeed , on Thursday , the Treasury indicated it would take action by the end of the month , but it now appears action may come sooner , based on comments by the Treasury Secretary and President Bush Friday .
The President said the department would move quickly .
Independent bank analyst Bert Ely , who says he ’s read the new law closely , sees no such specific authority for the Treasury in the EEA .
" Presumably they have the authority some place — in this legislation or otherwise , " he adds .
A staffer in the House Financial Services Committee says Congress was aware that the EEA would authorize the Treasury Secretary to make cash injections separate to the auction process .
When asked , if that authority also applied to non-depository institutions , the staffer was non-committal .
It 's unclear if those injections would have to yield an equity stake .
( Calls Thursday to the office of Sen. Christopher Dodd , who chairs the Senate Finance Committee , and that of Sen. Charles Schumer , a vocal member of the panel , were either not answered or failed to yield comment .
Sen .
Richard Shelby , the Ranking Republican on the committee , who opposed the bill , had no comment . )
“ I 've got to think they have that figured out , to interpret the legislation broadly enough that they can do it , " says Ely .
A government move to prop up an investment bank - turned bank - holding company , such as Morgan or Goldman is all the more likely given the growing consensus that says Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke erred in not rescuing Lehman Brothers three weeks ago , a date which happens to coincide with the beginning of the market ’s deep descent .
Pressure has been mounting on Morgan Stanley for days now , amid growing speculation Japan 's Mitsubishi UFJ will not proceed with plans to purchase a major stake .
Goldman shares , in contrast , have held up relatively well compared to the broader market .
For the first time Thursday , the Treasury publically acknowledged that it was " seriously considering " capital injections .
In doing so , the government was recognizing it “ might have to do something different , ” says Dean Baker , co-director of the Center for Economic And Policy Research .
“ In a sense , they are also following the markets , ” adds Baker .
“ There was no burst of relief last week when the bill was passed .
People were not impressed .
He 's [ Paulson ] got to take that seriously . ”
In a news conference Wednesday , Paulson said the “ primary motivation ” of the government ’s efforts was to lead to the “ recapitalization ” of the financial services industry , but he avoided outlining what circumstances would determine whether institutions would be allowed to fail or the government would step in to save them .
He also declined to comment on whether he would consider a bank nationalization plan , such as the $ 77 - billion one announced by the UK .
The decision not to seek voting rights is an important one .
Banks are considered reluctant to give the government that sort of power as a shareholder .
By avoiding the issue , the government is increasing its chance of obtaining broad industry acceptance , analysts say .
Bank nationalization would be a more extraordinary move for the US , but in a recent interview former FDIC Chairman William Isaac provided some rare insight into the matter .
He said that during the Latin American debt crisis of the 1980s when major money center banks were facing possible loan payment defaults by sovereign governments , the US “ had a contingency plan in place to nationalize [ the banks ] . ”
how to get rid of that dead weight holding you back .
Pictures were helpful and pleasing to the eye .
Thanks , wikiHow ! "
... "
" Broke up with that loser of a boyfriend two minutes after finishing this article !
Helpful tips and strategies on
SF Is First County To Move From Red To Orange Tier On State COVID - 19 Plan To ReopenSan Francisco became the first county to move from red to orange on the state 's plan to reopen giving the greenlight to indoor dining .
Betty
Yu tell us some some restaurants say they 'll to see city guidelines .
24 minutes ago
Bay Area Voters Organize Watch Parties For Presidential DebatesPresident Donald Trump and Vice - President Joe Biden squared off in the first presidential debate of 2020 .
Juliette Goodrich got voter reactions at watch parties in Alameda County .
35 minutes ago
President Trump And Former Vice President Biden Set To Face Off
In First DebateMelissa
Caen offers analysis of what the two candidates should try to accomplish in the first presidential debate ( 9-29-2020 )
5 hours ago
Earthquake Swarm Rattles Calaveras Reservoir East of MilpitasAn earthquake swarm of at least three small temblors ranging from 2.7 to 3.3 in magnitude rattled the shoreline of the Calaveras Reservoir east of Milpitas Tuesday morning .
Len Ramirez reports .
5 hours ago
Glass Fire Is A Huge Economic Blow For Napa , Sonoma Wineries
The Glass Fire is having a huge impact on local attractions in the wine country , destroying and damaging several wineries in it 's path .
John Ramos reports that even wineries that were spared by the flames , are taking a big hit .
5 hours ago
Tuesday Night Weather Forecast With Paul HeggenExpect smoky skies over the Bay Area to continue later this week , as winds shift .
Temperatures are also expected to warm up again , with highs on Thursday ranging from the 70s along the coast , to the 100s inland .
Paul Heggen has the forecast .
( 9/29/20 )
5 hours ago
Palo Alto Unified School District To Vote On Bringing Students Back To ClassA key vote Tuesday at the Palo Alto Unified School District will determine whether or not students return to in - person instruction in two weeks .
Kiet
Do reports some parents are saying not so fast .
( 9/29/20 )
6 hours ago
Glass Fire Still At Zero Containment With More Red-Flag Warnings AheadTeam coverage of the Glass Fire still burning out of control in Sonoma and Napa counties ( 9-29-2020 )
6 hours ago
Kevin Hart Brought Message Of Financial Literacy To Oakland ... Then Everything ChangedJP Morgan Chase brings comedian Kevin Hart to Oakland to school students on financial literacy , tour businesses and team up with the Warriors ' Steph Curry just days before the COVID - 19 shutdown .
Oakland Promise CEO Mia Bonta talks to BR's Jan Mabry about how to keep students on track during the pandemic
8 hours ago
COVID REOPENINGS : San Francisco Museum of Modern ArtCBSN Bay Area's Len Kiese interviews SFMOMA director Neal Benezra about the safety protocols awaiting visitors amid COVID - 19 .
8 hours ago
Aries Spears Returning To Standup Stage
In PleasantonComedian Aries Spears will be returning to the standup stage this Thursday at Tommy T's in Pleasanton .
The shows from Thursday October 1 to Sunday October 4 will be held outside to bring down the danger of Covid - 19 .
Spears , who has been doing standup comedy for 30 + years , rose to fame after starring in MAD TV and Jerry Maguire .
8 hours ago
Watch Black Renaissance - September 2020 EpisodeWATCH
Black Renaissance | September 2020 Episode - Featuring comedian Kevin Hart , Golden State Warriors ' Steph Curry , Oakland Promise CEO Mia Bonta , OAACC President Cathy Adams , AASEG Ray Bobbitt and Humble Horsemanship owner Brianna Noble .
Host : Jan Mabry
9 hours ago
Brianna Noble Teaches Kids The Magic Of Horses , Brings BLM To The Equestrian Community Brianna Noble captured imaginations riding her horse Dapper Dan in a Black Lives Matter protest , in Oakland .
BR's Jan Mabry talks to her about the work she 's doing with youth , and organizing BLM rides across the Bay Area .
9 hours ago
Dr. Yusef Salaam Of Central Park 5 Discusses New Book ' Punching The Air'Co-author Dr. Yusef Salaam of the exonerated ' Central Park Five ' and National Book Award finalist Ibi Zoboi talk to BR host Jan Mabry about their new young adult book , ' Punching the Air . '
9 hours ago
Talks Underway To Create First Black - Owned NFL Team
In OaklandRay Bobbitt of the African American Sports & Entertainment Group talks to BR host Jan Mabry about talks underway to bring the first Black - owned NFL team to Oakland , California .
9 hours ago
Both San Francisco And Contra Costa County Move To Less Restrictive COVID -19 TiersCalifornia Health Secretary Dr. Mark
Ghaly gives an update on counties moving to improving COVID - 19 risk tiers ( 9-29-2020 )
9 hours ago
President Trump , Former Vice President Biden Prepare To Face Off
In First DebateLaura Podesta reports on preparations in Cleveland for the first 2020 presidential debate ( 9-29-2020 )
9 hours ago
Oakland Afr. - Am. Chamber Of Commerce Raises $ 1M To Help Black Businesses During PandemicBR host Jan Mabry talks to Oakland African - American Chamber of Commerce president Cathy D. Adams about the organization 's $ 1 million fund to give grants black businesses during the pandemic .
9 hours ago
Glass Fire Evacuees Concerned But Hopeful After Latest WildfireEmily
Turner reports on multiple shelters trying to accommodate tens of thousands of Glass Fire evacuees ( 9-29-2020 )
9 hours ago
Glass Fire Update : Community Of Angwin Evacuated Due To Still - Growing WildfireAnne Makovec reports on latest evacuation orders in connection with Glass Fire Incident in Napa and Sonoma counties ( 9-29-2020 )
10 hours ago
Glass Fire Evacuations Turn Calistoga Into Ghost TownCal
Fire crews were in a “ run-and - gun ” battle with the advancing flames of the Glass Fire in and around the community of Angwin , while mandatory evacuations turned Calistoga into a ghost town .
Anne Makovec reports .
( 9/29/20 )
11 hours ago
COVID REOPENINGS : San Francisco's Contemporary Jewish MuseumCBSN
Bay Area's Len Kiese interviews Justin Limoges , exhibition designer with the Contemporary Jewish Museum , about changes at the museum amid the coronavirus pandemic .
12 hours ago
COVID -19 and Airborne TransmissionCBSN
Bay Area's Anne Makovec interviews Dr. Dean Winslow , Stanford Health Care Infectious Disease Physician , about the latest CDC guidelines when it comes to airborne transmission and other details about the virus .
13 hours ago
Glass Fire Complex : Ash Rains Down In Evacuated Calistoga As Firefighters Battle Flames In Hills Above TownAsh Rains Down In Evacuated Calistoga As Firefighters Battle Flames In Hills Above Town
16 hours ago
Quello che è successo nella piccola isola di Kos è l’emblema del pessimo giornalismo che ci ritroviamo e di come il razzismo verso i rom sia tanto diffuso da essere perfino esportato all ’estero .
Siamo già abituati ad episodi di falsi allarmi di pericolosità verso i rom : dal faziosissimo presunto tentativo di rapimento di una neonata a Ponticelli , che provocò la cacciata dei rom da tutta la città , a simili episodi in Sicilia o a Verona .
Quello dell ’isola di Kos è però il primo in cui sono stati superati i limiti nazionali .
I fatti di base sono molto semplici eppure incredibilmente traviati dai media : una turista di Viterbo , al rientro da una vacanza in Grecia , vede un manifesto di Denise e ricorda che alcuni giorni prima era stata avvicinata da una bambina rom somigliante che voleva venderle un braccialetto Giunta a Viterbo ha fatto una regolare denuncia alla squadra mobile che ha interessato le autorità italiane e quindi quelle greche .
SOLITI GIORNALAI FENOMENI – Non è dato sapere cosa la turista abbia detto veramente ma i giornali hanno subito capito tutto : che la bimba era identica a Denise ( ricordiamo che l’episodio era avvenuto qualche giorno prima e che in quattro anni la fisionomia di una bimba cambia molto ) aveva perfetta padronanza dell ’italiano ( anche qui i ricordi possono essere falsati ) ; che la madre non ha saputo dimostrare la sua maternità ( lo sarebbe per tutte le mamme che non portano con sè lo stato di famiglia ) ; anzi , ha detto di non essere la madre ( questa poi … ) e che per questo era stata immediatamente arrestata dalla polizia greca ( che in realtà l’ha solo scortata in un albergo in attesa delle analisi ) ; che le prime analisi hanno provato che non vi era consanguineità ( gioiello questo presentato da Il giornale ) ; che la bimba aveva proprio otto anni ( e questo senza i documenti non è proprio facile da determinare … ) .
In questo modo si è creata un’aspettativa immensa non solo nella famiglia Pipitone ma in tutta Italia e nel mondo .
CLAMORE INTERNAZIONALE
– Infatti la notizia è stata ripresa da tanti giornali stranieri e da tante nazioni ( questo link ad esempio è in Australia ) che hanno il loro caso nazionale di scomparsa di una bambina piccola .
Così la “ Madeleine McCann italiana ” ha ridato speranza a tutti coloro che sperano che il loro figlio / figlia possa un giorno essere effettivamente ritrovato e non morto ( come nella stragrande maggioranza dei casi avviene ) , accidentalmente o meno .
Ma , come dice anche un giornale inglese , la notizia ha avuto una rilevanza mondiale perché ognuno ha cercato in questo caso ( che all ’inizio , grazie alla numerose “ leggerezze ” riportate si presentava assolutamente come risolto ) la conferma che
effettivamente i rom rapiscono i bambini .
E che le innumerevoli segnalazioni ( presenti anche nel caso Pipitone ) di persone scomparse in compagnia di nomadi venissero clamorosamente ribadite .
LA VERITÀ – E invece ancora una volta è bastata una prima analisi del sangue per capire che la madre era proprio quella “ arrestata “ , cosa poi confermata dal DNA diverso .
Così spegnendosi le luci di questa vicenda sull ’immenso dolore della povera madre di Denise ci si è dimenticati completamente dell ’ altra madre incolpevolmente violentata da questa vicenda e , tacendo completamente sul fatto che mai sono stati riscontrati casi di rapimenti di bambini da parte di rom , si è confermato ( e anche esportato un po ’ all ’estero ) la liceità di sospettare di ogni rom che porta con sé un bambino .
Australia has low expectations of being a clever country yet high expectations of producing Olympic gold medallists .
Before extra funds are poured into the Olympics arms race leading up to 2012 , maybe it 's time to rethink our sources of national pride .
Do n't get me wrong : I like watching sport .
I live with sport fanatics .
I understand the tribal feeling that sets hearts racing when Australia wins a medal .
Even in such peripheral sports as softball , which I last encountered in primary school , my patriotic heart swells with pride as we hit a home run .
But how much public money is a gold medal worth ?
In Beijing , each gold medal has cost Australia at least $ 50 million , says Kevin Norton , a professor of exercise science at the University of South Australia .
Or , to put it another way , $ 12 million came out of the public purse for each medal of any colour .
Now we 're told these sums are a pittance compared with what is needed to maintain our ranking in London .
Australians , more than most , derive enormous pride from our national sporting achievements .
Of 34 countries surveyed in 2004 by the International Social Survey Program , we ranked third - behind Venezuela and New Zealand - for our sense of pride in sporting achievements .
In the US , democratic credentials , political influence , military power and scientific achievements were more important sources of pride than sport .
So it would be a brave politician to resist the calls for more sport funding .
But brave they should be .
Stephanie Rice made us all proud , but that fleeting feeling came with a $ 150 million price tag .
Politicians may consider that a price worth paying for her three gold medals .
It bought sport - mad Australians a lot of pleasure , and that can translate into votes .
But no one can pretend expenditure on elite athletes has broader public health benefits .
After the record expenditure on them for the Sydney Olympics , Australians in general got fatter .
And if further evidence is needed to debunk the link between Olympics success and mass sport participation , look at the disjunction between the US gold medal tally and the body mass index of its populace .
It is possible to be a middling Olympic competitor and a proud , healthy and clever nation .
Ask the Canadians .
At the time of writing , Canada , with more than 33 million people , was ranked 16th on the medal tally with three golds .
Years ago the Canadian Government decided to spend more money on community sport to encourage mass participation , and less on its elite athletes .
For the Sydney Olympics , Australia spent more than seven times as much on its team on a per capita basis than did Canada ( to win only four times as many medals , which is not really efficient of us ) .
The pay - off for the Canadians is better health .
Despite the pressures of sharing a border with bulging Americans , they have not gone to fat as fast as we have , Professor Norton says .
Canadians have a higher life expectancy than Australians and have made huge strides in closing the gap between the health of indigenous and non-indigenous people .
And for the record , the biggest source of pride to Canadians in 2004 was not sport but " the fair and equal treatment of all groups " in society .
Before Australian politicians get carried away with the claims of a " crisis in Australian sport " funding , there is another crisis that deserves immediate attention .
If we want to be clever and not just sporty , the crisis in university funding needs to be fixed .
Australia has a respectable three universities in the world 's top 100 , with the University of Sydney ( placed at 97 ) joining ANU ( 59 ) and Melbourne ( 73 ) this year .
But they are well behind institutions from countries with much smaller populations - Switzerland ( 24 ) Denmark ( 45 ) and the Netherlands ( 47 ) .
And our old friend Canada is doing significantly better , with the University of Toronto ranked equal 24th and the University of British Columbia at 35th .
Australia can excel in more areas than sport if we spread the wealth and the kudos .
Our little patriotic hearts might find more reasons to swell with pride .
Chinese astronaut Zhai Zhigang waves from outside his Shenzhou 7 spacecraft September 27 , 2008 .
He became his country 's first spacewalker .
A Chinese astronaut has completed his nation 's first everforay into space beyond the confines of a spacecraft .
Zhai Zhigang , the lead Chinese astronaut , or taikonaut , ofthe Shenzhou 7 mission , spent about 20 minutes floating outside his vehicle .
During the spacewalk , which began at about 4:40 a.m. ET ( 0840 GMT ) and ended at4:58 ( 0858 GMT ) , he retrieved a small sample of solid lubricant from theoutside of thespacecraft that had been placed there before launch .
The excursion was broadcast live .
Zhai , along with crewmates Liu Boming and Jing Haipeng , launchedinto space Thursday aboard a Long March 2 F rocket from Jiuquan SatelliteLaunch Center in China 's Gansu province .
The mission is China 's thirdmanned spaceflight .
Spacewalk activities
To begin the spacewalk , Zhai exited from the hatch in thede - pressurized orbital module .
? I have been out of the hatch , I ? m feeling good , ?
Zhai saidimmediately after stepping out , according to the CCTV official Chinesetelevision announcer ?s translation .
?
To all the people in my country and theworld , my greetings .
My country , please have faith in me .
My team will finishthis mission .?
He proudly waved the red flag of the People ?s Republic of China in space to mark the achievement .
Liu assisted from inside the orbital module , clad in aRussian - made Orlan spacesuit and occasionally peeking his head out of the hatchto hand Zhai materials .
Jing spent the duration in the pressurized re-entrymodule , which is due to eventually carry thetaikonauts home .
In short order , Zhai had retrieved the test sample from thespacecraft ?s hull and passed it back inside to Liu .
After about 20 minutes hestepped back inside the spacecraft feet first , and the two taikonauts closedthe hatch .
Landmark achievement
Successfully completing a spacewalk solidifies China'sstatus as a space power , and helps the nation move toward its goalof establishing a more permanent presence in space .
" We ?re probably looking at an effort to do a manneddocking [ in the future ] and eventually a spacelab , " said Dean Cheng , Chinaanalyst with Alexandria , Va. - based think tank CNA Corp .
" This is part ofthe progression toward that end .
And if the Chinese really are intending to puta man on the moon , then this becomes even more essential . "
In addition to proving China 's ability to maneuver in space , the spacewalk showed that China can produce reliable and safe space equipment .
During his space venture , Zhai wore a new Chinese - built spacesuit , dubbed Feitian ( Chinese for " fly the sky " ) .
The suit , which reportedly cost 30 million yuan ( about $ 4.4 million ) , did its job protecting Zhai from the harsh temperatures and radiationof space .
It has 10 layers of insulation , weighs about 265 pounds ( 120 kg ) , andtakes up to 15 hours to assemble and put on , the official Chinese news agency Xinhuareported .
Another important feature of the spacewalk was the fact thatit was broadcast live , which represents not only China 's technological prowess , but its growing confidence and increasing efforts at transparency .
" They are opening up , " Cheng told SPACE.com .
" Perhapsone of the lessons from the Olympics is that good things come from being open . "
The Shenzhou 7 mission is scheduled to come back to EarthSunday .
Foreclosure Does Not Mean Losing Your Voting Rights
Category Rss Feed - http://www.realestateproarticles.com/rss.php?rss=265
By : Cassiano Travareli
As Election Day nears , more and more Maryland voters are getting worried about not being able to exercise their right to vote because of foreclosure .
In an effort to address this particular concern , the state�s Attorney General has instructed all state and local election officials to let voters know that even if they have lost their homes to foreclosure , they have not lost the right to participate in the upcoming election .
This instruction comes in the wake of reports that many people have been growing concerned about the possibility of losing their voting rights .
For the Office of the Attorney General , it is not enough reason for a voter to be challenged based on the local foreclosure list .
Only a person whose identity is being questioned may be challenged .
In addition , there have been reports over the past days that Michigan�s Republican Party plans to challenge voters based on foreclosure listings .
For this reason , Barack Obama�s campaign has filed a suit against the GOP in order to prevent this from happening .
Leaders of the GOP have denied knowledge of such plans .
Concerns from registered voters have been making the phones of the Democratic Central Committee in the county of Prince George�s ring non-stop .
Many of these callers needed to know if there was truth behind the spreading news and are inclined to not vote if it was real , for risk of getting embarrassed .
With thousand of homeowners who lost their homes to foreclosure since the mess in the mortgage industry erupted , it is vital that election officials clarify this small matter and inform the voters about their rights as well as the process involved .
All these distressed homeowners have to do is update their voter�s registrations and come Election Day , vote at these new districts .
Cassiano Travareli has been educated in the finer points of the foreclosures market over 5 years .
( CNN ) -- Remember that old adage , " You can never be too thin or too rich " ?
Ultraviolet light treatment , shown here at Smilestudio in London , England , is one way to whiten teeth .
You can add to that list : too white -- your teeth , that is .
We are a nation seemingly obsessed with the pursuit of that whiter , more dazzling smile .
In fact , teeth whitening has become the country 's No. 1 requested cosmetic dental procedure , according to the American Academy of Cosmetic dentistry .
Some dentists even go so far as to say that we just might be a little out of control .
" Oh yes , people have become obsessed , " says cosmetic dentist Susan Estep , whose practice , Atlanta Dental Spa , does a brisk business in teeth - whitening .
" I think we have whitening disorder , just like we have eating disorders .
I have people who come in and their teeth are as white as a windowpane and they say their teeth are yellow and want to get them whiter . "
Estep then tries to give these ultra - white teeth owners some perspective .
Health for her :
How white should your teeth really be ? »
But it 's hard to get that perspective when everywhere you turn everyone 's smile seems to be a product of Witeout .
There 's also no shortage of ways to come into that white tooth light .
The main differences seem to be cost and professional oversight versus convenience and over - the - counter availability .
Do n't Miss Health for Her archive
Estep explains the three technologies .
The first is an in - office system that uses a higher - concentration peroxide to get faster results .
The second involves bleaching gel in trays custom fit to an individual 's teeth applied intermittently over a couple of weeks .
The final way is also the cheapest :
Over - the - counter options that can be strips , gels or plastic trays .
Whitening is safe , Estep and other experts say , as long as people follow the directions and use a product that carries a seal of approval from the American Dental Association .
However concerns are growing over whether the quest for sparkling white teeth is starting too early , with possible consequences ranging from nuisance to nightmare .
If a young person uses these products before his or her permanent teeth are completely and fully grown , " then the whitening makes no sense , " says Dr. Mickey Bernstein , president of the American Academy of Aesthetic Dentistry .
In those situations , if the teeth are bleached and then more surfaces are exposed due to normal tooth maturation , the new growth and the older bleached tooth might not match .
That might leave a two - toned appearance , not exactly the dazzling white look originally sought .
A less severe problem is gum sensitivity .
The bleaching agent can irritate teeth and gums , but usually the problem is short - lived .
In more acute cases , which occur in younger patients , treated teeth or gums become extremely sensitive .
Those people should take some time off from the process .
Health Library MayoClinic.com : Health Library
" It 's sort of like kids and sunscreen , " Bernstein says .
" If kids go out and get sunburned , then they need to go inside and take some time away from the sun . "
If they wo n't , he urges parents to step in and force the issue .
While most dentists agree that whitening , done properly , usually does n't damage the teeth , they urge those who are thinking of bleaching , whether professionally or through over - the - counter products , to first talk to a dentist .
" One of the reasons we want people to do this in a professional setting is that sometimes teeth are dark for reasons of trauma or decay , " Estep says .
" That is important , and sometimes if the teeth are whitened , it will mask that problem that we could have found out if they had had an exam before they start the whitening process . "
Because in the end , after all that whitening , you do want to be sure that where your mouth is concerned , you still have plenty to smile about .
All About Cosmetic Dentistry
The overclock performance data of bloomfield processors began to appear .
Since core i7 processors are the representatives of the new nehalem architecture , the built - in memory controller will help to raise speed in the appropriate applications , the presence of hyper - Threading technology will allow to accelerate multi- threaded applications , but games can not demonstrate a explosive increase in comparison with core 2 Quad processors .
Associate reported some results which compare the processors core i 7-940 ( 2.93 GHz ) and Core 2 Extreme QX9770 ( 2.93 GHz ) in many applications .
Associates used the engineering model core i 7-940 ( 2.93 GHz ) , based on B0 stepping .
It is completely possible that the series processors will show a higher speed level ; therefore results in question should not be assumed as final .
For simplification in the results analysis we give below the boost value in the selected applications after transfer from yorkfield to bloomfield processor : SuperPi - > 19.3 % ;
WinRAR 3.71 - > 77.3 % ;
Fritz chess benchmark - > 29 % ;
Everest memory ( Copy ) - > 149,7 % ;
CineBench - > 25.7 % ;
TMPGEnc 4.5 - > 8 % ;
3DMark06 CPU - > 13.9 % ;
3DMark vantage CPU - > 50.5 % ;
Half life 2-> 2.3 % ;
World In conflict - > 6.7 % ;
May 's Devil Cry 4 -> 5.1 % .
In two games , Call of duty 4 and company of heroes , the processor core i 7-940 lose over their predecessor by 8.6 % and 7.2 % .
In the remaining cases the confident superiority of this new architecture is observed .
The intensive boost is observed in multithreaded applications memory bandwidth hungry application .
Games , as it was assumed , demonstrate only a moderate increase in the performance .
Now here is the detailed info : CPU : Intel Core 2 QX9770 ( 344x8.5=2.93 GHz , 12 Mb L2 Cache )
Intel Core 2 QX9770 ( 400x8=3.2 GHz , 12 Mb L2 Cache )
Intel Core i7 Extreme 940 ( 2.93 GHz , 8MB L3 Cache ) Motherboard : Intel X48
Intel X58 Memory DDR3 - 1333 Mhz 1GB x2
DDR3-1333 Mhz 1GB X3 Video card : Geforce Gtx 260 ( 576/1998/1242 ) HDD : Seagate SATA 500 GB Operating system and Driver : Windows Vista ultimate SP1
Video Driver : Forceware 177.98
Intel Chipset : 9.0.0.1011 Super
Pi and winrar : Super pi is based on the processor cache ( and memory for large calculation ) while winrar love tide timing and high memory bandwidth , In both case the CPU power also play a large role .
Winrar in this case do not miss the occasion to show the large gain from the integrated 3 channel memory controller ( this will be confirmed also in memory bandwidth tests ) .
Fritz Chess Benchmark is a multi - threaded benchmark which measure the CPU power .
The performance noted above is relative to P3 ( 480 Kilo Nodes Per Second ) .
Multi - threading help nehalem processor in this benchmark .
And here as it was expected the memory bandwidth is huge with nehalem generation processors , thanks to the three channel integrated memory controller .
CInebench belong to the rendering tests category : higher core number will result in better result ,
The 4 virtual cores boost the nehalem processor score while the performance in the single core regime is almost identical to the QX9770 ( 5 % only boost )
Some encoding and 8 % performance boost .
3D 2006 overall score do now any significant boost since it is based mainly on the video card .
And here the CPU test come with over 13 % increase .
The Core i7 940 CPU score just fly .
And again thanks to hyper - threading .
Overall score was boosted by the CPU score ( check above )
For gamer as show the picture above , CPU 's do no play a big role ( it is better to update the video card for better gaming ) .
But let us note the small boost from nehalem CPU in some games , Note Core i7 loose over older Yorkfiled in 2 Games .
Related Products :
The Council of Canadians has released five videos that outline the public advocacy organization ’s priorities for the 2008 federal election .
The videos feature Maude Barlow , national chairperson for the COC , and target Stephen Harper and the Conservative government for their alleged mishandling of a range of issues .
Among other policies , the COC takes aim at Harper ’s centralization of power and the Conservative ’s efforts on continental integration .
The effectiveness of a Tory response to a failing global economy is also questioned .
One video delivers an impassioned case for making water conservation an election issue .
“ Seven states in the American Midwest are runnig out of water , ” Barlow notes .
“ On the Canadian side , this means that we are going to have a thirsty U.S. looking to Canada for water , sooner or later . ”
She continues , “ Because of NAFTA , this would mean that we would lose control of our water .... I want this to be an election issue . ”
Barlow ’s 2007 book , Blue Covenant : The Global Water Crisis and the Coming Battle for the Right to Water , which studied the state of the world ’s fresh water , found that the limited resource is quickly being depleted , and concluded that if conflict over water is to be avoided , it must be defined as a human right .
As long ago as September 2007 , Liberal party leader Stéphane Dion called for the creation of a task force for the protection of Canada ’s water from bulk water exports .
NDP MP Peter Julian ( Burnaby - New Westminster ) has also long fought against the sale of Canada 's fresh water to the U.S .
Another of the COC ’s election videos asks that Canadians “ do n’t let Harper near the economy again ” .
Watch all five of the COC ’s videos on its Web site .
SUSTAINABILITY
Each year since 2011 , 3 M has produced a report that captures the state of sustainability in all facets of the company ’s business , in all corners of the world .
Aimed at 3 M employees , job seekers , suppliers , customers , and sustainability media , it provides an externally verified picture of where the company stands in its mission to improve every life .
A combination of Best first dance at a wedding ever and Evolution of Dance .
Quite long , but worth the time .
Error :
You have to enable JavaScript in order to play this video .
You can place this video on your website by inserting the ( X ) HTML code below :
Options : Player width : pixels Player height : pixels Autoplay :
RJN 's More Digits of Irrational Numbers Page
All digits accessible here were computed by Robert Nemiroff and Jerry Bonnell on a VMS Alpha .
They are not copyrighted and we do not think it is legally justifiable to copyright such a basic thing as the digits of a commonly used irrational number .
To the best of our knowledge , these are the most digits ever computed as of 1 July 1994 for these numbers .
We do NOT guarantee the accuracy of these digits , although some of the digits have been checked , as noted .
We welcome independent checks of these numbers .
We have made some of these digits available through Project Gutenberg .
These digits are mainly of passing interest , but many people find them interesting for many different reasons .
We use them as pseudo - random numbers and encourage others to do this as well .
We have not found any of the digits to possess any unexpected correlations , and welcome attempts to check these digits for correlations .
The Digit Warehouse
Robert Nemiroff ( nemiroff@mtu.edu.nospam , please remove " .nospam " before sending email )
TWO men , aged 41 and 25 , are battling severe burns in a Sydney hospital after a fiery collision between two petrol - powered bicycles .
A bystander suffered burns when he stopped to help the victims .
Karl Otto was travelling along Ryan Street in South Grafton just before midnight on Wednesday when he saw flames .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) --
The collapse of Lehman Brothers and the sale of Merrill Lynch have left questions about the future of the last two major , independent Wall Street brokerage firms , Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley , experts said Monday .
Goldman shares dropped 12 % to close at $ 135.50 , while shares of Morgan Stanley fell 14 % to $ 32.19 .
The firms are expected to report quarterly results in coming days .
See outlook .
Credit default swap spreads on Morgan Stanley MS , - 2.35 % rose 222 basis points to 498 in afternoon action , while spreads on Goldman GS , - 1.14 % widened by 146 points to 345 , according to New York - based Credit Derivatives Research .
The CDR Counterparty Risk Index , which tracks credit - default swaps on leading banks and brokerage firms , jumped 98 basis points , or 45 % , to 314 .
That 's a record , CDR noted .
Lehman LEH , filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy Monday after 158 years as an independent brokerage firm .
See full story .
Merrill MER , +27.69 % , one of the world 's largest brokerage firms , agreed to be acquired by Bank of America BAC , - 1.32 % in a deal that was hurriedly put together over the weekend .
See full story .
Those developments followed the March bailout of brokerage firm Bear Stearns , which was acquired by banking giant J.P. Morgan Chase JPM , - 0.84 % , with help from the Federal Reserve .
The three developments highlight the pressure on the brokerage industry .
Unlike commercial and retail banks , which can rely on steadier sources of money from customer deposits , these firms have to borrow the money they need to do business in private markets .
When customers and trading partners lose confidence , it can amount to a death knell .
Goldman and Morgan Stanley , the two largest U.S. brokerage firms , have weathered the credit crisis better than Lehman , Merrill and Bear .
However , some experts questioned the brokerage - business model Monday , arguing that firms may be better off as part of a larger commercial bank with access to deposits .
See full story .
" We are now worried about the fate of the investment - banking industry as three of the top five independent investment banks either collapsed or were forced to be taken over , " said Larry Tabb , chief executive of consulting firm TABB Group .
" Without doubt , the investment - banking industry will never be the same , " he added in a note to clients .
" The days of the all - in - one global investment bank may be nearing an end . "
The events of the past weekend are highly significant because they will shift the securities industry closer to commercial banks , said Steve Thel , a business law professor at Fordham University and a former lawyer for the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Morgan Stanley may seek to sell itself to a bank because the Bank of America acquisition of Merrill has created a tougher competitive environment , David Hendler , an analyst at CreditSights , wrote in a note to investors .
" Goldman Sachs may be able to control its destiny more and seek to purchase its own bank if it needs to increase that funding base , " Hendler added .
Matthew Albrecht , an analyst at Standard & Poor 's Equity Research , cut his rating on Goldman shares to hold from buy Monday .
" Following a weekend that saw one peer acquired and another enter bankruptcy , we are more cautious on shares of Goldman , " the analyst wrote in a note to clients .
" We continue to believe it has performed better than peers through sound risk management and prudent executive decisions , but we also think the crisis of confidence within its industry has failed to separate good performers from bad .
" We expect continued uncertainty surrounding the company and the industry to weigh on the shares , " he added .
Merrill Lynch spreads narrowed by 130 points to 325 after Merrill agreed to be acquired by Bank of America .
The American Express homepage ( home.americanexpress.com ) was unavailable for over five hours today .
During that entire time the page responded with an HTTP 404 error ( page not found ) .
Visitors to the homepage were met by a simple text message : “ File not found . ”
The problem lasted from 05:47 a.m. to 10:52 a.m. Central European Time ( 11:47 p.m. yesterday to 04:52 a.m. today US Eastern Time ) .
This is the first time in 2008 that the American Express homepage has had any downtime .
A previous report from Pingdom comparing the availability of credit card company websites showed the American Express homepage having 100 percent uptime during the period leading up to Christmas .
This appears to have been unplanned downtime .
If American Express were performing planned website maintenance , a maintenance message should have been shown on the homepage .
3 shares Share
Tweet
Pin
Pocket
Flipboard
On my swing through Western Australia , I made a stop at Purnululu National Park , home of the Bungle Bungle mountains .
When I told people I was making the drive from Darwin to Perth , everyone told me I had to stop at the Bungle Bungles .
I was n’t really prepared for how remote and hard to get to it would be .
To get to Purnululu , you have to drive about three hours south of Kununurra , which is itself a day drive from Darwin .
( 800km/500 miles )
There are no real cities or towns anywhere near Purnululu .
The closest thing to a settlement is the Turkey Creek roadhouse , which is nothing more than a gas station and a campsite .
There is an abrigonial community near the roadhouse , but it is closed to the public .
Once you get to Turkey Creek , you are still several hours from entering the park .
The day tour I took picked me up at around sunrise at 5:30 am .
We had a 4WD bus , similar to the sort I took on Fraser Island .
Just going from the Turkey Creek roadhouse to the entrance to the park was a three hour drive , none of which was paved .
From the park entrance to anything interesting in the park was another hour drive from the park gate .
The Bungle Bungles were n’t really “ discovered ” until the 1980’s .
I put “ discover ” in quotes because it was known to the local aboriginals and to local ranchers , but they never thought it was a big enough deal to tell anyone about .
In 80 ’s a television crew in a helicopter brought footage of the bee hive domes back .
The main reason why Purnululu is special is the erosional features .
The Bungles are n’t a large mountain range .
I ’m not even sure you can call it a mountain range at all , but that is the term which is used .
On the north side of the range , you can find Echnida Chasm .
The chasm is just a split in the rock where it was cleaved apart .
You can walk down the middle of the gap which rises up almost 100 ft ( 30 m ) .
At some points , you have to turn sideways to get through because it becomes so narrow .
After four hours of driving , Echnida Chasm was the first part of the park we visited .
After that , we packed up again and drove to the south side of the park to have lunch .
It took about an hour and a half to get to the permanent camp which the tour service has in the park .
We had lunch there and then went to the south part of the rang , where we were able to walk around the signature feature of the park : the Bee Hive Domes .
The bee hive domes are called that because a ) they are domes and b ) they are striped like a bee hive .
Both of those features are fairly unique .
The domes were created by erosion channels which flowed at 90 degree angles to each other .
You usually only see erosion channels which are close to perpendicular to the face of a mountain , but here you see it on more than one axis .
Despite how dry it was when I was there , Purnululu can experience so much rain during the wet season that they close the park .
I assumed the striping on the domes was due to different layers of sediment , but I was wrong .
The bands are due to layers of microrganisms which gives the bands color .
Underneath the bands , the rock is an almost white sandstone .
There were a few places where the colored crust was broken off and you could see the sandstone underneath .
Also on the south side is Piccananny Creek , which is the main water channel during the wet season .
It was dry when I was there , but you can see large erosional channels carved into the rock in the bed of the creek .
You could also see what looked like post holes in the rock .
This happens when a smaller rock gets trapped in a depression and the water swirls the rock around , scouring out a round hole .
The biggest feature in this area is Cathedral Gorge .
It is an enormous water carved channel created by the creek .
You can look at the walls of the gorge and see just how high the water gets during the wet season .
( about 12 ft /4 m )
The walls of the gorge are enormous and really give you the feeling of being small when you are inside .
From what I ’ve seen , Purnululu is probably the premier attraction in Western Australia , however , it is so remote and hard to get to , it is n’t something I ’d go out of my to see for its own sake .
If you are making the trip from Darwin to Perth , however , you definitely need to stop as it will be the most incredible thing you ’ll see along the way .
News that Sarah Palin made inquiries about banning books shortly after becoming mayor of Wasilla , Alaska , has quickly been followed by speculations of what books she might have targeted .
Lists of books have been circulated in blog comments and via e-mail .
They have n't been reported in papers like The Times because there is no evidence that they are accurate .
In fact , one widely circulated , very long list ( which appears , among other places , on Librarian .
net 's comment string and has been disavowed by the website 's owner ) is obviously false because it includes four books that had not yet hit shelves when Palin became mayor in 1996 — " Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone , " " Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets , " " Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban " and " Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire , " all by J.K. Rowling .
The Mat - Su Valley Frontiersman , the local Wasilla newspaper , has reposted a 1996 article covering the censorship inquiries that Palin put to local librarian Mary Ellin Emmons .
This piece clearly states that " Palin said Monday she had no particular books or other material in mind when she posed the questions to Emmons . "
That should put an end to the inaccurate lists that are circulating .
Here 's what the Valley Frontiersman says : " Emmons said Palin asked her outright if she could live with censorship of library books .
This was during a weak [ sic ] when Palin was requesting resignations from all the city 's department heads as a way of expressing loyalty . "
The article continues : " ' This is different than a normal book - selection procedure or a book - challenge policy , ' Emmons stressed Saturday .
' She was asking me how I would deal with her saying a book can't be in the library . ' "
Palin described her inquiries as " rhetorical " and told the paper , in a written statement issued in 1996 , that " she was only trying to get acquainted with her staff at the time . "
Rhetorical ?
Well , OK ... if she says so .
Still , it seems like an odd getting - to - know - you question to me .
— Carolyn Kellogg
Photo : Mat -Su Valley Frontiersman
When the Cure Is Worse Than the Disease
by Bill Sardi by Bill Sardi
DIGG THIS
Mary wonders why the new young doctor she visited recently says to nearly every patient , after examining their throat , that it looks like their esophagus is being eroded by stomach acid and they need to start taking acid - blocking pills .
He hands patients free samples provided by pharmaceutical companies .
The patients are oblivious to the fact that if they begin using the drug , they may never be able to stop taking it without experiencing an excruciatingly painful bout of rebound heartburn .
One way to build an income in private medical practice is to hook patients on drugs that continually require re-examination , testing and prescription renewal .
For example , blood thinners require prothrombin tests to determine how long it takes the blood to clot .
Blood pressure pills require monitoring of blood pressure .
And in the example above , once patients start taking acid - blocking medications they will find it is nearly impossible to stop taking them because withdrawal will provoke rebound acidity with throat - gripping pain .
Since the early 1990s it has been known that acid- blocking ( histamine blocking ) drugs commonly prescribed for heartburn create dependency .
Withdrawal from the drug will create rebound hyper-acidity that causes the patient to reach for the antacid pills in desperation again . [ 1 ] , [ 2 ]
To make matters worse , acid blockers may induce more , not less , disease .
Stomach acid is a defense against invading pathogenic bacteria that enter the gut in food ( foods are not sterile , but have low bacteria and mold counts that stomach acid normally kills ) .
The habitual use of acid blockers may result in infection and even cancer . [ 3 ]
Most drugs do n’t work , are inappropriate or are designed to make things worse
Critical examination of the effectiveness of prescription drugs reveals that there is ( 1 ) convincing data that most prescription drugs are not only ineffective but may worsen the condition being treated ( yet are approved by the FDA ) , that ( 2 ) some of these medications appear to be designed to create life - long dependency upon the drug ( drug withdrawal exacerbates symptoms ) , and that ( 3 ) some long - standing drugs that are the hallmarks of modern medicine have begun to lose their biological punch .
There are many examples of this :
It has recently been shown that asthma symptoms worsen upon withdrawal of the drug Accolate ( zafirlukast ) , with benefits lasting only for the first five weeks and then symptoms return soon thereafter .
The FDA approved this drug based upon short - term use data .
Benefits are seen for only the first five weeks , after which symptoms return to their original state within seven weeks .
Side effects range from diarrhea to liver damage .
With no long - term benefits , the drug is only problematic for users . [ 4 ]
Other asthma drugs , such as albuterol , ventolin and salbutamol , work in the short term to relax airways , but over the long term over - sensitize the body and make the drugs less effective .
Then airways become more sensitive to asthma triggers . [ 5 ]
Quetiapine , a drug commonly used in nursing homes to treat agitation and related symptoms in people with Alzheimer ’s disease , actually worsens their condition and speeds the rate of their mental decline . [ 6 ]
First - line drugs used to treat Alzheimer ’s do not stop the progression of the disease and are largely disappointing , [ 7 ] and side effects caused by second - line treatments ( like Quetiapine ) for Alzheimer ’s - related psychosis , aggression and agitation , offset any modest advantages of first - line drugs . [ 8 ]
Drugs like these ensure your loved ones will never make it out of the Alzheimer ’s care facility .
Diabetes rates are exploding in America .
Millions of Americans are being placed on anti-diabetic drugs .
But nearly all anti-diabetic drugs result in weight gain and eventual total dependency upon insulin injections . [ 9 ] , [ 10 ]
This is another example of drugs locking patients into inevitably more severe disease .
Disease substitution , not disease treatment
All too frequently , drugs substitute one disease for another .
For example , most anti-psychotic drugs induce weight gain and diabetes . [ 11 ] , [ 12 ]
This is so typical that many people believe a pudgy body always accompanies mental disorders .
Another example of disease substitution is the treatment of high blood pressure with diuretics which can induce a vitamin B1 ( thiamine ) deficiency that results in heart failure .
One study found a third of patients hospitalized for heart failure , who are often treated with diuretics , were vitamin B1 deficient . [ 13 ]
Vitamin therapy is uncommon in hospital settings .
Blood pressure drugs : inappropriate treatment
Consider drug therapy for high blood pressure , what doctors call hypertension .
The idea is to lower blood pressure with medications and reduce the risk for a stroke .
But no single blood pressure pill seems to work .
More than one drug is often needed , and there are few if any studies that prove combination therapies are safe and effective . [ 14 ]
Most blood pressure drugs do not address the cause of the disease , which commonly are age - related changes in blood sugar or hardening of the arteries , resulting in inability of the blood vessels to dilate ( widen ) upon physical or mental exertion or stress .
Age - related inability to control blood sugar levels is generally caused by insulin resistance ( inability of insulin to enter cells ) which is induced by iron overload , [ 15 ] , [ 16 ] , [ 17 ] and hardening of the arteries by calcification which impairs dilation .
Diabetics experience buildup of underlying calcium in their arteries , which largely explains diabetic hypertension . [ 18 ]
Calcification of the inside wall of arteries induces coronary artery disease and hypertension , which can be measured by a CT scan . [ 19 ]
Rats that spontaneously develop hypertension exhibit calcified aortas ( the aorta is the first blood vessel outside the heart ) . [ 20 ]
Once the aorta stiffens due to calcification , then the heart must pump harder against this resistance , and hypertension develops .
Societies that consume the most calcium have the highest rates of cardiovascular disease .
Presently used calcium blocker drugs are not so satisfactory , but fortunately nature provides a component in whole grains ( IP6 phytate , bran factor ) , which dissolves calcifications , but IP6 goes unused by modern medicine . [ 21 ]
The lack of HDL u201Cgoodu201D cholesterol , the alleged cause of artery disease , is just a marker of arterial calcification . [ 22 ] , [ 23 ]
But instead of employing agents that will reduce the iron load or calcifications , like IP6 [ 24 ] rice bran , vitamin D , [ 25 ] vitamin K [ 26 ] or magnesium , [ 27 ] other inappropriate medications are used , such as :
Beta blockers , which slow the heart rate to control blood pressure , but an overly fast heart rate is not the common cause of hypertension .
Beta blockers induce a form of heart failure , cause fatigue and impotence and breathing problems , another example of disease substitution .
ACE inhibitors ( angiotensin converting enzyme ) , which are employed to control blood pressure , but again , hypertension is not commonly caused by an excess of this enzyme .
Diuretics ( water pills ) , which are prescribed for hypertension , but again , chronic elevated blood pressure is not caused by too much fluid in the circulatory system .
The depletion of water will artificially lower blood pressure , but also deplete the body of essential minerals ( electrolytes ) required for proper heart rhythm and deplete vitamin B1 ( thiamine ) which then induces heart failure and mental problems , as previously mentioned .
Calcium blockers are more appropriate for the treatment of hypertension but are fraught with side effects , while magnesium is a natural calcium blocker that goes unused . [ 28 ] , [ 29 ]
Statin drugs help to lower blood pressure , [ 30 ] but not by their ability to reduce cholesterol , but because they modestly increase vitamin D levels , which is an anti-calcifying agent . [ 31 ]
Adults at risk for cardiovascular disease are warned they will experience a heart attack if they do n’t take their cholesterol - lowering drugs .
Yet with millions of Americans taking these drugs , the number of heart attacks remains about the same .
There is simply no evidence that statin drugs , the most commonly used drug for cholesterol reduction , reduce mortality rates . [ 32 ]
It is said statin drugs lower the risk for a heart attack by 30 % ( relative number ) , but in hard numbers the risk reduction is almost imaginary , with only 1 - in 70 high - risk individuals , and in maybe 1 - in 300 healthy individuals , averting a non-mortal heart attack , and these imaginary benefits are weighed against the real risk for liver damage , memory loss , muscle damage and other side effects .
( Ask yourself how the FDA could possibly approve such a class of ineffective drugs . )
Paul J. Rosch , Clinical Professor of Medicine and Psychiatry at New York Medical College , has recently said :
The belief that coronary artery atherosclerosis ( plaque ) is due to high cholesterol from increased saturated fat intake originated from experiments in herbivorous animals .
It was reinforced by reports allegedly demonstrating this sequence of events in various populations but ignoring contradictory data .
The idea has been perpetuated by powerful forces using similar tactics to preserve the profit and the reputations of those who promote this doctrine .
Opponents find it difficult to publish their scientifically supported opinions .
The advent of statins has further fuelled this fallacious lipid hypothesis , despite compelling evidence that their effect is not due to cholesterol lowering and that serious side effects have been suppressed and alleged benefits have been hyped .
The adverse effects of the cholesterol campaign on health , quality of life , the economy and medical research are inestimable .
It is imperative that public health officials , physicians and patients are apprised of proof that it is misguided , malicious and malignant . [ 33 ]
This outspoken opinion was aired in a medical journal published outside the U.S .
Drugs losing their punch
Add to all these aforementioned problems with prescription medications the fact that the u201 Cmagic bulletsu201D of modern medicine , the antibiotic drugs , are becoming less and less effective due to germ resistance .
Germs are now developing resistance against vancomycin , the antibiotic of last resort , which is reserved for use when other antibiotics fail .
Reports are increasing that vancomycin is unable to kill off Staphylococcus aureus that causes pneumonia , which can be mortal . [ 34 ]
An estimated 33 — 55 % of Staphylococcus aureus infections in U.S. hospitals are now resistant to first - line antibiotic therapy . [ 35 ]
Repeated use of antibiotics pushes patients to the day when they will develop an infection and not be able to recover from it .
In the cancer treatment arena , resistance to chemotherapy is believed to cause treatment failure in over 90 % of patients with metastatic ( spreading ) cancer . [ 36 ]
One study shows chemotherapy works to produce 5 - year survival in less than 3 % of cases . [ 37 ]
Chemotherapy does temporarily shrink tumors by 50 % , but leaves the patient with a totally impaired immune system .
Furthermore , chemotherapy cannot penetrate solid tumors ( breast , prostate , lung , colon , pancreas , brain , liver , etc ) , which represent the majority of tumors in humans .
Most cancer patients succumb to side effects caused by treatment before they do from their tumors .
Summary
The major classes of prescription drugs are failures .
Of concern is the realization most drugs are never designed to address the underlying biochemical causes of disease and may intentionally be designed to create life - long dependency .
Adjectives that could be used to describe modern pharmacology range from u201 Cdisappointing , unacceptable , ineffective , u201D to u201 Cimmoral , despicable , shameful , appalling , wicked , dreadful .
u201D
The Food & Drug Adminstration approval of such drugs gives false credence to medical therapies that were never designed for cure but rather to keep patients in a state of chronic disease and drug enslavement .
This report begs for a follow - up report on safe and effective alternatives to prescription drugs , which is forthcoming .
Nearly all anti-diabetic drugs cause a person to become overweight and totally dependent upon insulin .
Asthma drugs sensitize the body to triggers that worsen this condition .
There is no evidence that cholesterol - lowering drugs reduce mortality rates .
All cancer chemotherapy drugs result in tumor resistance .
None of the many drugs prescribed to control high blood pressure address the cause of hypertension .
Antacid u201Cheartburnu201D drugs induce greater problems when withdrawing from them , locking patients into lifetime use .
Of the many drugs used to treat age - related senility , none stop the progression of mental decline and some hasten it .
To an increasing degree , man -made antibiotics produce germ - resistance and mortality rates are rising from infections once conquered by these drugs .
References
[ 1 ] Nwokolo CU , Smith JT , Rebound intragastric hyperacidity after abrupt withdrawal of histamine H2 receptor blockade .
Gut 1991 Dec ; 32(12):1455-60 .
[ 2 ] Fullatron GM , Macdonald AM , McColl KE , Rebound hypersecretion after H2 - antagonist withdrawal — a comparative study with nizatidine , ranitidine and famotidine .
Aliment Pharmacological Therapy 1991 Aug ; 5( 4):391-8 .
[ 3 ] Waldum HL , Brenna E , Sandvik AK , Long - term safety of proton pump inhibitors : risks of gastric neoplasia and infections .
Expert Opinion Drug Safety .
2002 May ; 1(1):29-38 .
[ 4 ]
Reid DW , Misso NL , Aggarwal S , Tolerance and rebound with zafirlukast in patients with persistent asthma .
Journal of Negative Results in BioMedicine 2008 , 7:3 .
[ 5 ]
Drugs make asthma worse , BBC NEWS : August 17 , 2003 : McGraw DW , Almoosa KF , Paul RJ , Kobilka BK , Liggett SB , Antithetic regulation by beta- adrenergic receptors of Gq receptor signaling via phospholipase C underlies the airway beta - agonist paradox .
Journal Clinical Investigation 2003 Aug ; 112(4):619-26 .
[ 6 ]
Ballard C , Margallo - Lana M , Juszczak E , et. al. , Quetiapine and rivastigmine and cognitive decline in Alzheimer ’s disease : randomised double blind placebo controlled trial .
British Medical Journal 2005 Apr 16 ; 330( 7496 ) :874 .
[ 7 ]
Ringman JM , Cummings JL , Current emerging pharmacological treatment options for dementia .
Behavioral Neurology 2006 ; 17(1):5 - 16 .
[ 8 ] Schneider LS , Tariot PN , Dagerman KS , Effectiveness of atypical antipsychotic drugs in patients with Alzheimer ’s disease .
New England Journal Medicine 2006 Oct 12 ; 355(15) :1525-38 .
[ 9 ]
Krentz AJ , Management of type 2 diabetes in the obese patient : current concerns and emerging therapies .
Current Medical Research Opinion 2008 Feb ; 24(2):401-17 .
[ 10 ] Nichols GA , Gomez - Caminero A , Weight changes following the initiation of new anti-hyperglycaemic therapies .
Diabetes Obesity Metabolism 2007 Jan ; 9(1):96-102 .
[ 11 ] Ramaswamy K , Masand PS , Nasrallah HA , Do certain atypical antipsychotics increase the risk of diabetes ?
A critical review of 17 pharmacoepidemiologic studies .
Annals Clinical Psychiatry .
2006 Jul - Sep ; 18(3):183-94 .
[ 12 ] Dibben CR , Kalavalapalli SS , Linnington HE , et. al. , Diabetes associated with atypical antipsychotic treatment may be severe but reversible : case report .
International J Psychiatry Medicine 2005 ; 35(3):307-11 .
[ 13 ] Hanninen SA , Darling PB , Sole MJ , Barr A , Keith ME , The prevalence of thiamin deficiency in hospitalized patients with congestive heart failure .
J American College Cardiology 2006 Jan 17 ; 47(2):354-61 .
[ 14 ]
Neutel JM , Prescribing patterns in hypertension : the emerging role of fixed - dose combinations for attaining BP goals in hypertensive patients .
Current Medical Research Opinion 2008 Jul 9 .
[ 15 ] Sharifi F , Nasab NM , Zadeh HJ , Elevated serum ferritin concentrations in prediabetic subjects .
Diabetes Vascular Disease Research 2008 Mar ; 5 ( 1):15 - 8 .
[ 16 ] Tsimihodimos V , Gazi I , Kalaitxidis R , Elisaf M , Siamopoulos KC , Increased serum ferritin concentrations and liver enzyme activities in patients with metabolic syndrome .
Metab Syndr Relat Disord .
2006 Fall ; 4( 3) :196-203
[ 17 ] Mojiminiyi OA , Marouf R , Abella NA , Body iron stores in relation to the metabolic syndrome , glycemic control and complications in female patients with type 2 diabetes .
Nutrition Metabolism Cardiovascular Disease 2007 Dec 4 .
[ 18 ] Soor GS , Vukin I , Leong SW , et. al. , Peripheral vascular disease : who gets it and why ?
A histomorphological analysis of 261 arterial segments from 58 cases .
Pathology .
2008 Jun ; 40(4):385-91 .
[ 19 ] Husmann L , Scheffel H , Valenta I , et. al. , Impact of hypertension on the diagnostic accuracy of coronary angiography with computed tomography .
International Journal Cardiovascular Imaging .
2008 Mar 28
[ 20 ] Kanemaru K , Seya K , Miki I , et.
al. , Calcification of aortic smooth muscle cells isolated from spontaneously hypertensive rats .
Journal Pharmacology Science 2008 Feb ;106( 2):280-6 .
[ 21 ]
Seely S , Is calcium excess in western diet a major cause of arterial disease ?
International Journal Cardiology 1991 Nov ; 33 ( 2):191-8 .
[ 22 ] Orakzai SH , Nasir K , Blaha M , et. al. , Non-HDL cholesterol is strongly associated with coronary artery calcification in asymptomatic individuals .
Atherosclerosis .
2008 Mar 25 .
[ 23 ]
Allison MA , Wright CM , A comparison of HDL and LDL cholesterol for prevalent coronary calcification .
Int J Cardiol .
2004 May;95 ( 1):55 - 60 .
[ 24 ] Grases F , Sanchis P , Perello J , Isern B , Prieto RM , Fernandez - Palomeque C , Fiol M , Bonnin O , Torres JJ. Phytate ( Myo-inositol hexakisphosphate ) inhibits cardiovascular calcifications in rats .
Frontiers Bioscience 2006 Jan 1 ; 11:136-42 .
[ 25 ] Grases F , Sanchis P , Perell J , Isern B , Prieto RM , Fernndez - Palomeque C , Torres JJ .
Effect of crystallization inhibitors on vascular calcifications induced by vitamin D : a pilot study in Sprague - Dawley rats .
Circulation Journal 2007 Jul ; 71(7) :1152-6 .
[ 26 ] Jie KS , Bots ML , Vermeer C , Witteman JC , Grobbee DE .
Vitamin K intake and osteocalcin levels in women with and without aortic atherosclerosis : a population - based study .
Atherosclerosis .
1995 Jul ; 116(1) :117-23 .
[ 27 ] Rayssiguier Y , Mbega JD , Durlach V , Gueux E , Durlach J , Giry J , Dalle M , Mazur A , Laurant P , Berthelot A. Magnesium and blood pressure .
I. Animal studies .
Magnesium Research 1992 Jun ; 5( 2):139-46 .
[ 28 ] Touyz RM .
Magnesium supplementation as an adjuvant to synthetic calcium channel antagonists in the treatment of hypertension .
Medical Hypotheses .
1991 Oct ; 36 ( 2) :140-1
[ 29 ] Touyz RM , Laurant P , Schiffrin EL .
Effect of magnesium on calcium responses to vasopressin in vascular smooth muscle cells of spontaneously hypertensive rats .
J Pharmacology Experimental Therapeutics 1998 Mar ; 284(3):998-1005 .
[ 30 ] Kjeldsen SE , Jamerson KA , Bakris GL , Predictors of blood pressure response to intensified and fixed combination treatment of hypertension : the ACCOMPLISH study .
Blood Pressure 2008 ; 17(1):7-17 .
[ 31 ] Prez - Castrilln JL , Vega G , Abad L , Sanz A , Chaves J , Hernandez G , Dueas A. Effects of Atorvastatin on vitamin D levels in patients with acute ischemic heart disease .
American Journal Cardiology 2007 Apr 1;99 ( 7):903-5 .
[ 32 ] Abramson J , Wright J ( 2007 ) .
" Are lipid - lowering guidelines evidence - based ? " Lancet 369 ( 9557 ) : 168-9 .
[ 33 ]
Rosch PJ , Cholesterol does not cause coronary heart disease in contrast to stress .
Scandinavian Cardiovascular Journal 2008 Apr 1:1-6 .
[ 34 ]
Sakoulas G , Moellering RC Jr , Increasing antibiotic resistance among methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus strains .
Clinical Infectious Disease 2008 Jun 1 ; 46 Suppl 5:S360 -7 .
[ 35 ]
Appelbaum PC , MRSA — the tip of the iceberg .
Clinical Microbiology Infection 2006 Apr ; 12 Suppl 2:3-10 .
[ 36 ] Longley DB , Johnston PG , Molecular mechanisms of drug resistance .
Journal Pathology 2005 Jan ; 205(2):275-92 .
Bill Sardi Archives
Pima County , AZ , Election Integrity Group Creates Software to Analyze Diebold GEMS Databases , Wants to Share Capability With Others ...
David Safier Byon
10/30/2008 , 12:47 pm PT
Guest Blogged by David Safier of Blog for Arizona
Just in time for the elections , the Pima County , Arizona , Election Integrity Committee has developed computer tools to examine election databases created by the Diebold / Premier system .
The EI group is offering to examine data from any jurisdiction in the country that uses Diebold 's faulty GEMS ( Global Election Management System ) .
GEMS will tabulate about half the nation 's votes on November 4th ...
Last year , the Pima County EI group won a groundbreaking legal case which gave it access to all the county ’s computer - generated databases since 2002 .
Recently , computer programs were completed to examine the databases .
They have already revealed problems and inconsistencies that warrant further examination .
For example , they found that a few dozen memory cards from optical ballot scanners were uploaded twice , causing changes in vote counts .
( A document by Tom Ryan gives more details about the capabilities of these tools and possible problems they have uncovered . )
The programs search for such things as unusual increases in vote tallies , changes in configuration information , and similar indicators that could point to vote flipping or other inappropriate activity .
They go through the election from start to finish --- from the Logic and Accuracy tests to the early voting and election day counting to the final wrap up .
The results can then be displayed in a spreadsheet .
Anyone interested in more information should email ElectionIntegrity@earthlink.net .
This program is n’t a magic bullet that will prove an election has been rigged .
By pinpointing specific problem areas , the results allow investigators to focus on the portions of the GEMS database where possible election fraud is most likely to have occurred .
When the Pima County EI group won access to GEMS databases dating back to 2002 in a court ruling , it was also granted access to all databases from future elections .
As a result , it ’s likely that Pima County will have the most carefully monitored elections in the nation .
Election Integrity groups outside of Pima County that suspect election fraud have a huge hurdle in front of them – gaining access to the GEMS databases .
Hopefully , the newly available tools will encourage them to put pressure on local officials to make the data available .
The long term objective of the Pima County EI Committee is to distribute the programs widely , but currently the data examination is only being done in Tucson .
The programs are still evolving in their scope and sophistication , and the analysis team in Tucson is still learning how to use the tools to maximum advantage .
Years of work has given the team a familiarity with the GEMS systems that usually is n’t available elsewhere .
This PDF goes into more detail about the computer tools .
The Pima County EI group can provide more information , including technical details about the GEMS databases .
Please email questions to ElectionIntegrity@earthlink.net .
As ThinkProgress reported , CNN on Tuesday showed a deceptive chart which wrongly suggests that John McCain 's tax plan provides more Americans with greater savings than that offered by Barack Obama .
But CNN 's upper - crust income brackets , which start at $ 161,000 and represent only 5 % of taxpayers , conceal the inescapable truth that Barack Obama 's proposals offer working and middle class Americans steeper tax benefits at every income level up to $ 110,000 .
And according to a new Gallup poll released this week , that truth is n't lost on American voters .
By 48 % to 43 % , Americans surveyed by Gallup say Obama would better handle the issue of taxes than John McCain .
And with good reason .
As the Washington Post detailed , an analysis by the Tax Policy Center showed :
" Obama 's plan gives the biggest cuts to those who make the least , while McCain would give the largest cuts to the very wealthy . "
Those whose income is under $ 67,000 - 60 % of all American taxpayers - would see substantially larger tax cuts under the Obama plan .
While McCain 's plan concentrates 58 % of its benefits to the wealthiest 1 % of Americans , Obama 's rollback of the Bush tax cuts above $ 250,000 produces tax increases for that group .
Sadly , Obama 's story is not getting through .
In the face of the TPC 's analysis showing that 95 % of American taxpayers would see savings under the Obama tax plan , 53 % of the Gallup respondents wrongly believe their tax burden would increase under President Obama .
Meanwhile , despite the same analysis showing McCain 's plan to make permanent and expand the Bush tax cuts would produce a staggering $ 2.8 trillion in red ink for the federal budget , the Republican still claims the mantle of fiscal discipline .
And to be sure , CNN did American voters no favors today .
Crossposted at Perrspectives .
For some time now , rumors of the GPhone ( or Google phone ) have been circulating around the web .
While it did n't make a whole lot of sense that Google was going to get into the hardware business , especially the highly competitive handset business , it seemed reasonable that Google had an interest in the handheld market for obvious reasons , not the least of which is the huge potential in search .
Though , as we came to find out , it was n't so much the hardware but the " platform " that Google was interested in .
Tomorrow ( 9/23 ) will bring a lot more clarity to Google 's play in the handset business , according to Time , as the first ever Google Andriod operating system - based handset is set for retail availability with T - Mobile customers .
The T - Mobile Dream is go for launch .
Google Android - Based Handset Prototype
The sweetest part of the Dream is the Android Market — Google 's answer to the Apple App Store .
Whereas many Apple apps cost money ( typically anywhere from $.99 to $ 9.99 ) , at launch all Android Market apps will be free .
That includes BreadCrumbz , a picture - based navigation program that does n't just give you a drawing of your route , but also includes real - world photos to keep you on track .
Another interesting app , TuneWiki , is a tricked - out music player that encourages mobile karaoke , by synchronizing written lyrics onscreen to the song 's YouTube video .
Let 's see , open source , major player support in key enabling technologies like search and navigation , freeware utilities to the public -- Apple , you can be afraid now , very afraid .
This video of the Android concept was published a little less than a year ago and it 's still pretty impressive .
Now if they could just find a real service carrier , we'd be in business .
Days after AIG received a $ 85 billion taxpayer bailout , it spent $ 440,000 hosting a posh corporate retreat at the St. Regis Monarch Beach resort .
( click here to jump down to pictures )
AIG defended the expense , explaining that the retreat was for independent insurance brokers , not AIG employees .
According to AIG :
This is very standard in the industry to reward the top 5 to 10 percent of top sellers .
In the insurance business , it ’s as basic as salary as a means to reward performance .
I 'm not sure why this explanation is any better .
AIG has a very sleazy record in their dealings with independent brokers .
In 2004 , AIG got busted for bribing brokers with illegal kickbacks to betray their fiduciary duty to their clients :
Marsh , an insurance broker , is supposed to find the best insurance policies for its clients from a wide range of companies .
Instead it steered the policies to companies such as AIG that agreed to pay kickbacks .
It solicited phony competitive bids for insurance contracts to deceive customers into thinking there was real competition for their business .
Marsh made $ 800 million on kickbacks in 2003 alone – over half its $ 1.5 billion profit .
With a 40 percent share of the global insurance brokerage market , its fraud drove up prices for everyone .
After a series of investigations into these dirty deals , AIG agreed to pay a $ 1.64 billion settlement with the government .
AIG apologized for these unethical business practices in 2006 , stating that it will " provide transparency and fairness in the insurance markets . "
I guess they did n't mean it in 2006 , but I 'm sure we can trust them this time !
About 100 brokers attended the AIG corporate retreat -- that comes out to $ 4,400 per person .
While not technically a bribe , it certainly comes pretty close in my book .
Here breakdown of how AIG wasted taxpayer money and some pictures from the actual hotel :
$ 147,302 for banquets
for banquets $ 139,375 on rooms
on rooms $ 23,380 for spa services
for spa services $ 6,939 for golf
for golf $ 5,016 at the Stonehill Tavern
at the Stonehill Tavern $ 3,065 for in - room dining and the lobby lounge
for in - room dining and the lobby lounge $ 2,949 for gratuities
for gratuities $ 1,901 at the Monarch Bayclub
at the Monarch Bayclub $ 1,488 at the Vogue Salon
They golfed while Main Street burned .
Photos courtesy of Starwood Press Club press kits .
You 're U.S. Senator John McCain , and you 've got a big problem .
Your wife , Cindy , was addicted to prescription painkillers .
She stole pills from a medical - aid charity she heads and she used the names of unsuspecting employees to get prescriptions .
The public is about to find out about it .
Until now , you 've managed to keep it all quiet .
When Tom Gosinski , a man your wife fired , sued for wrongful termination and threatened to expose the whole sordid story , you did n't hesitate to call in the big guns .
John Dowd , the attorney who got you out of your Keating Five mess , worked on getting your wife a sweetheart deal with federal prosecutors .
He also made Gosinski's lawsuit go away .
He did n't stop there .
To help maintain your reputation and discredit your wife 's accuser , Dowd called Maricopa County Attorney Richard Romley and complained that Gosinski was trying to extort money .
Romley , your Republican ally , promptly launched an extortion investigation .
But now New Times makes a public records request for documents in the extortion case .
It 's only a matter of days before the story gets out .
Here 's what the senator does .
He calls in another big gun , political strategist Jay Smith , who conceives a rather remarkable plan .
On August 19 - - just three days before the records are to be made public -- Smith parades your wife before a select group of journalist friends .
She tells a tale of pain and triumph , and , incredibly , all the reporters agree to sit on the story until August 22 .
When Cindy McCain says her confession is intended to quell rumors and to inspire other druggies to turn their lives around , the journalists lap it up .
They write about her " bravery . "
The first round of stories is one - sided .
There is no mention of Tom Gosinski or Romley 's extortion investigation .
But after a week , there is no glossing over huge gaps in the image that has been spun for the public :
 Cindy McCain lied about drug treatment she claims to have undergone .
Although she told reporters she went into a residential drug treatment program earlier this year , she told investigators she had treatment during 1991 and 1992 .
Whom did she lie to -- investigators or reporters ?
 If Cindy McCain did undergo treatment before 1994 , as she told investigators , the senator 's claim that he did n't learn of his wife 's addiction until this January simply defies credibility .
 Cindy McCain and Jay Smith lied about her status with federal prosecutors .
She told a Tucson reporter she had already completed a pretrial diversion program .
Smith told another reporter that the case had come to " resolution . "
In fact , Cindy McCain has n't even been accepted into a diversion program .
 Jay Smith misled the Arizona Republic when he said that Gosinski had , in an act of retribution , tipped federal Drug Enforcement Administration agents after failing to get a cash settlement .
In fact , Gosinski was talking to the DEA 11 months before he ever filed his wrongful termination claim .
 Tom Gosinski no longer has a civil lawsuit against Cindy McCain .
It died of neglect this summer .
While the stories told by the senator , his wife and his hired guns are rife with inaccuracies and inconsistencies , everything Tom Gosinski says seems to check out .
John and Cindy McCain are now attempting to return to lives of privilege and prestige .
If she gets into a diversion program and lives by its rules , she 'll have no criminal record .
Meanwhile , one volunteer doctor who wrote prescriptions at Cindy McCain 's behest is under investigation .
He could lose his license .
And Tom Gosinski , the man who knew too much , is under criminal investigation , working two jobs and trying to put his life back together .
From September 1991 to January 1993 , Tom Gosinski was the director of government and international affairs for the American Voluntary Medical Team , a nonprofit organization headed by Cindy Hensley McCain .
Gosinski says McCain started behaving erratically in the summer of 1992 .
He says he and other AVMT staff members became convinced she was addicted to the prescription narcotics Percocet and Vicodin .
They believed she was obtaining these drugs illegally in the names of her employees and the public charity she founded .
Gosinski's multiple claims -- the knowledge of which , he says , led McCain to fire him in January 1993 - - were central to a federal investigation , a civil lawsuit , the extortion investigation and , finally , a statewide media circus .
New Times obtained a copy of Gosinski 's private journal .
It covers the period from early July 1992 through January 1993 .
Gosinski did not grant New Times permission to print excerpts from the journal , but neither did he disavow their accuracy .
The 52 journal entries , recorded during Cindy McCain 's drug meltdown , paint a disturbing picture .
July 27 , 1992 : I have always wondered why John McCain has done nothing to fix the problem .
He must either not see that a problem exists or does not choose to do anything about it .
It would seem that it would be in everyone 's best interest to come to terms with the situation .
And do whatever is necessary to fix it .
There is so much at risk :
The welfare of the children ; John 's political career ; the integrity of Hensley & Company ; the welfare of Jim and Smitty Hensley ; and the health and happiness of Cindy McCain .
The aforementioned matters are of great concern to those directly involved but my main concern is the ability of AVMT to survive a major shake - up .
If the DEA were to ever conduct an audit of AVMT 's inventory , I am afraid of what the results might be .
. . .
It is because of CHM 's willingness to jeopardize the credibility of those that work for her that I truly worry .
During my short tenure at AVMT I have been surrounded by what on the surface appears to be the ultimate all - American family .
In reality , I am working for a very sad , lonely woman whose marriage of convenience to a U.S. Senator has driven her to : distance herself from friends ; cover feelings of despair with drugs ; and replace lonely moments with self - indulgences .
As Gosinski observed in a September entry , the journal soon evolved into a " bitch pad " for his complaints about Cindy McCain .
He also wrote at length of his concern for her well - being .
The journal entries do n't tell the whole story .
But certainly they add depth , providing glimpses of life with a drug - addled boss , and identifying previously unmentioned doctors who were associated with AVMT and who were drawn in -- unwittingly or otherwise -- to Cindy McCain 's illicit activities .
Until now , Gosinski has not spoken on the record to the press .
It has taken months of cajoling , Cindy McCain 's public admission and the release of documents relating to the extortion investigation to convince him to open up .
Even now , he is nervous .
He shows up at New Times over the weekend with an old friend at his side as a " comfort blanket . "
He wo n't sit for a portrait , although he had agreed to do so just days before .
He 's looking for a better job , he says , so he does n't want his face on the cover .
And the county attorney 's extortion investigation is ongoing .
Although Gosinski is certain he has done nothing wrong -- in fact , he may be one of the few in this story who has n't -- he also knows that might not mean much .
At 36 , Gosinski is of medium build and below - average height .
He 's clean - shaven , with brown eyes , bristly brown hair .
He knits his brow constantly , making deep grooves between the eyes .
He laughs a lot , mostly from nerves , and wears a baseball cap with the hapless Wile E. Coyote embroidered on it .
The cap matches his outfit : long - sleeved , hunter - green button - down and faded Pepe jeans .
He 's a hip , polished , well - spoken , conservative Republican .
His roots are in small - town Nebraska .
Although he 'd originally planned to study music , Gosinski majored in organizational communications at Concordia College in Minnesota , because he thought he'd earn a better living .
He moved to Phoenix " on a lark " 12 years ago and got a job with America West Airlines as a customer service representative .
He worked his way up to middle management and a position in the airline 's governmental and international affairs office .
It was while he was in that post that he met Cindy McCain .
That was in 1991 , and Desert Storm had just rumbled through Kuwait .
McCain had asked America
West for a government charter to take AVMT to aid war victims .
As a reward for his assistance , she invited Gosinski along .
He jumped at the chance .
When the plane touched down at noon in Kuwait City , the smoke was so thick the streetlights were on .
The heat was searing .
The AVMT crew slept on hospital floors and cots .
Cindy McCain was a hard worker , Gosinski recalls .
She slept in the hallway , lugged boxes and tended children with the rest of the volunteers .
Close friendships were formed , particularly because of the danger , Gosinski says .
" People were still stepping on land mines .
People were still being shot . "
After Kuwait , McCain invited Gosinski on another trip -- this time to Washington , D.C. , to receive thanks from Vice President Dan Quayle and dine at the McCains ' Alexandria home .
The day Gosinski met Quayle , America West Airlines filed for bankruptcy , and Gosinski fretted about his future .
He stayed in touch with Cindy McCain and AVMT .
That September 1991 , he quit America West and began working full - time as AVMT 's first director of government and international affairs .
Annual salary : $ 48,000 .
Over the next two years , Gosinski's job would take him on missions to Bangladesh , Vietnam , El Salvador and , in the wake of Hurricane Andrew , to Florida .
Most of his time was spent at AVMT 's headquarters in Phoenix .
He also grew close to Cindy McCain and her family .
He took her and the children on outings , to the state fair .
He gave one of her sons swimming lessons .
Things went swimmingly , indeed , until the summer of 1992 .
That 's when things started getting weird at AVMT .
It 's also when he began documenting events at the workplace in his journal .
In addition to people already mentioned , the journal 's cast of characters includes Cindy McCain 's parents , Jim and Smitty Hensley ; Cindy 's aunt and former AVMT receptionist , Jeri Johnson ; AVMT employees Kathy Walker and Tracy Orrick ; Cari Clark McCain , Jeri Johnson 's granddaughter and Cindy 's adopted daughter ; John Bircumshaw , a contract fund raiser for AVMT ; and doctors John Max Johnson , Tom Moffo , Francis Fote , Dennis Everton and Daniel De La Pava .
( All the people mentioned in the passages New Times is publishing have been contacted by phone , and given the opportunity to respond to comments in the journal .
Only one , Everton , chose to comment . )
July 20 , 1992 : Well , this morning I received a call from Francis Fote , a doctor who traveled to El Salvador with AVMT .
Fote called to inform me that he had visited with Cindy on Friday regarding the use of his DEA number .
He asked that I tell Cindy his number could only be used in the state of New York as that is where he is licensed .
I do not know what Cindy is up to but it appears as though she is trying to use several doctors '
DEA #'s so that she can acquire drugs for personal use .
Kathy Walker has stated several times in the past that this has been going on for quite some time and that the DEA has questioned large acquisitions of drugs such as percocet .
We know that 300 percocet have been missing from AVMT 's inventory and that Cindy says they are locked up at her home .
I really do n't know what is going on but I certainly hope that Cindy does not get herself or AVMT in trouble .
I also hope that if it is necessary , Cindy is able to get help before she does herself harm .
. . .
July 22 , 1992 : We have n't heard from Cindy today .
Who knows what she might be up to .
Kathy did find a DEA number from Doctor Everton on Cindy 's desk this morning .
. . .
To date , Tracy , Kathy and I know that on Friday of last week she requested or received DEA numbers from Drs. Tom Moffo , Francis Fote . . .
Max Johnson , De La Pava and Everton .
I certainly hope that she does not get all of these guys in a lot of trouble .
( Everton says New Times ' inquiry marked the first time anyone had asked him about his DEA number -- a federally assigned code that allows doctors to dispense drugs internationally - - despite his being interviewed by two DEA agents about a year ago .
Everton says he does n't recall giving AVMT his DEA number , although the organization might have had it .
Everton adds that he found it odd that months after he went on his one and only AVMT mission , a staff member tracked him down on vacation and asked him to prescribe Tylenol 3 - - a drug similar to Vicodin - - for an upcoming AVMT trip .
Everton says he prescribed the drug anyway .
He does n't recall that the prescription was in any individual 's name . )
July 29 , 1992 : Jeri Johnson said that Jim and Smitty are going to confront Cindy about her drug problem .
I do n't know what the end result will be but I fear that it may be the end of AVMT and my job .
Should AVMT be closed down , I trust Jim Hensley will take care of all of us until we are able to find other means of income .
I hate to have nasty thoughts , but this family cannot afford to have any of us leave the organization with negative feelings .
We all know too much about the way Cindy and John conduct their personal lives .
Not a pretty picture .
August 10 , 1992 : Work is the same .
CHM is in Phoenix today and , as is common these days , is up to her old tricks .
She told Kathy this morning that she has a call in to Dr. Moffo .
I certainly hope she does n't get him to write her prescriptions for pain pills .
Also , we received a bill this morning from Professional Pharmacy for vicodin and Apap with codeine , 200 units each , the prescription written by Max Johnson .
I cannot believe the amount of doctors who . . . continue to fill her prescriptions .
August 14 , 1992 : Work started off at a relatively normal pace this morning .
And then -- Kathy received a call from Royal Norman at Ch 3 regarding a possible AVMT trip to Somalia .
Before Kathy informed me of her conversation with Royal she told Cindy and Cindy jumped all over the issue .
Now Cindy wants to airlift a load of supplies to Somalia and use Ch 3 to get the coverage she so desperately goes after .
I think the whole idea is crazy as we have so much to do with the Navajos but Cindy seems intent on making it happen .
Kathy asked Cindy about the bill for the drugs I referred to in my 10AUG92 entry as Kathy has not received them for inventory for AVMT .
Cindy told Kathy that those drugs and some antibiotics were sent to Micronesia with military personnel since AVMT was unable to make a trip to that area this year .
To the best of my knowledge no drugs or supplies of any kind were sent to Micronesia .
. . .
August 21 , 1992 : Cindy and John returned from the Republican convention today .
John 's speech last night was full of worthy messages but his delivery was less than inspirational .
Cindy sounded as though she had a good time at the convention .
I inquired what the president 's intentions were for John and she stated that , off the record , the president may ask John to serve as secretary of defense .
Everything is contingent upon the outcome of both the president 's and John 's campaigns -- John being named as secretary of defense might mean that I would have an opportunity to move to Washington .
August 28 , 1992 : Work has been crazy -- Cindy decided we should take a load of supplies to the Miami area to assist in the Hurricane Andrew relief efforts .
It would be simple to complete the task if Cindy would not interfere with the rest of us doing our jobs , however , she is constantly stirring things up .
We are also contemplating a trip to Somalia -- Mark Salter in John McCain 's Washington office has stated that the State Department and the Department of Defense believe it is not safe to travel to Somalia or the northern regions of Kenya .
Cindy insists that we are going to go on the trip and that it may be wise for us to pack guns .
She is absolutely crazy -- I do n't know how to load a gun let alone shoot one .
. . .
September 2 , 1992 : This past week at AVMT has certainly been a challenge .
All of us that work for Cindy have been asked to put in extended hours at night and on the weekend and have not even received a thank you .
Cindy is the most demanding and thankless person I have ever met .
. . . .
About Cindy 's drug problem -- Today Kathy asked Cindy about the invoice for drugs prescribed by Tom Moffo , the second such prescription in two weeks .
Cindy stated the drugs had been sent to two different islands in the federated states of Micronesia with a Navy officer and that I had been aware of the request and AVMT 's response .
When Kathy told me about Cindy 's statement I called Cindy to inquire about these two shipments about which I have no knowledge and Cindy changed the story and said that Kathy was confused and that what actually happened was that the shipment had in fact been sent with the Navy office but it had been so small that she had simply had him put it in his luggage -- she stated the shipment was ' penicillin and a few items Dr. Moffo had put together for her .'. . .
September 3 , 1992 : Work is crazy as usual .
The trip to Florida on Monday is on schedule -- we are now traveling as a cleanup crew in blue hospital scrubs .
I questioned wearing scrubs but Cindy insisted that the ' visual ' is important , so -- we are going to rummage through the rubble of Hurricane Andrew in scrubs .
Whatever . . .
Per Mrs. McCain the AVMT schedule for the next couple of weeks is as follows : Miami cleanup from September 7 through September 11 ; Navajo Nation parade September 12 ; and depart for Somalia on September 13 .
Cindy must think that we have a staff of 20 as she has certainly not sat down , looked at a calendar and rationally thought about what she is suggesting we accomplish .
. . .
September 29 , 1992 : Regardless of what happens with Cindy McCain , it is time for me to get out of AVMT .
I have so little respect for Cindy and her objectives -- she has made AVMT a media event -- that even under the best of circumstances I do not think this organization merits existence .
. . .
October 2 , 1992 : Well , it is done .
Last night Jim and Smitty confronted Cindy regarding her dependency to prescription drugs and she admitted to her addiction .
I understand that she told the Hensleys her addiction was rooted in her unhappiness -- her marriage -- and that she took the pills to mask her depression .
The Hensleys told Cindy they knew she had a problem because of her severe mood swings and her change in character .
They also said her meanness towards others was not excusable and must stop .
. . .
October 6 , 1992 : All shit hit the fan yesterday !
Jeri Johnson called Dr. Moffo to ask him not to fill anymore prescriptions for Cindy McCain .
Dr. Moffo said he had not been filling any prescriptions for Cindy - - it seems Cindy has been using Tom 's DEA number to obtain her drugs .
Jim Hensley called Cindy this morning and told her not to use Moffo 's number again .
She denied she had used the number and since then has been trying to contact Moffo .
God knows what she will say to Moffo if she reaches him .
Also , Cindy was trying to reach Dr. John Johnson .
She is either trying to do some quick damage control or she is going to set somebody up for the fall .
. . .
October 7 , 1992 : More of the same .
Yesterday the Tom Moffo issue became more complicated .
After Jim Hensley confronted Cindy with information about her using Tom 's name to obtain drugs Cindy called Moffo to question him .
Moffo told Cindy he would not do any follow - up , i.e. , turn her in , but told her to never do it again .
This morning Cindy called me to inform me that she and Max Johnson had contacted the DEA and asked that an investigation be conducted to ' investigate allegations made against her . '
She said a ' bogus ' phone call had been received which made wild accusations about her and that she believed the phone call was ' political . '
Cindy also said she had called the supposed originator of the call and that the individual denied ever making the call .
. . .
October 28 , 1992 : I am still concerned about Cindy McCain 's drug problem -- it seems her parents are falling into a denial mode and believe that time will heal Cindy 's problem .
. . .
November 3 , 1992 : Tonight I am attending an elections return party at the McCains ' home .
. . .
John is expected to win his race by a landslide .
. . .
January 11 , 1993 : Cindy was in the office today -- first time in a couple of months .
She and I met with John Bircumshaw to discuss an April fund raiser and John 's grant - writing efforts .
Shortly after the meeting , Cindy , very casually told me that I wo n't be traveling to Calcutta next week , instead I am to stay in Phoenix to work on the Navajo Nation project .
God only knows what all of this means .
. . .
January 13 , 1993 : Chalk up another day at AVMT .
Yesterday was going great until I got a call from Cindy McCain who stated that she heard I was mad because I was n't going to India .
I explained to Cindy that when she told me I was not going to be traveling to Calcutta I was upset because of the inconvenience that the last - minute change in plans had caused .
. . .
It is evident to me that AVMT is in serious need of an organizational change .
. . .
Our shot gun approach to providing medical care has minimal impact when a focused approach on a specific area or type of care could significantly impact the target constituency .
. . .
January 15 , 1993 : Well yesterday was certainly a bang !
For the first time in my life I was fired from a job .
Cindy asked me to come to her office so that we might speak .
She immediately handed me a termination letter and began a speech of praise .
She thanked me for my contribution to AVMT , for my loyalty and stated she would be ' forever thankful ' for what I had done for her newest daughter , Bridget McCain .
End of chapter .
Tom Gosinski knew something was up that day , because Cindy McCain was actually in the office .
His co-workers would later tell a county attorney investigator that he took the news well , but Gosinski says his outward appearance was deceiving .
" I do n't know that I was that well - composed on the inside , " he says .
McCain allowed him to stay through January , at his request , and offered a month 's severance pay .
Typed on AVMT stationery , McCain 's letter read in part : " It is with deep regret and a heavy heart that I must terminate your position with AVMT .
Your termination is due to the decline in contributions and our inability to continue to pay you at this time .
Your service both to a small nonprofit such as we are and more importantly to the suffering peoples of the world is commendable .
. . . "
She offered her assistance in finding another job and signed the letter " Respectfully . "
Fellow workers Orrick and Walker took Gosinski to Lombardi's restaurant at Arizona Center for a farewell lunch on his last day ; McCain was invited , but did n't attend .
Gosinski was hurt .
Hurt turned to disbelief , he says , when he learned he was not eligible for unemployment benefits because AVMT , as a nonprofit organization , has the luxury of opting not to pay into the kitty .
Gosinski suspected that prescriptions had been filled in his name without his knowledge .
So in February 1993 , a month after his termination , Gosinski met with a representative from the DEA whose name he refuses to reveal .
A DEA official confirms that Gosinski first contacted the agency in " early 1993 . "
He says he did not go to the DEA intending to blow the whistle , but was concerned that his name might become embroiled in a future investigation .
He posed what he calls a " what if " scenario : " If a person knows that prescriptions have been written in their name , and they never met with the doctor and they do n't know the whereabouts of the drugs , what is their responsibility ?
And I was told it was my responsibility to turn it in .
So at that moment I began to cooperate with the DEA . "
Gosinski says he told the DEA of his suspicions , and an agent called Gosinski back to show him copies of two prescriptions written in his name , by Dr. Max Johnson at Cindy McCain 's behest .
Gosinski says he told the DEA he had no knowledge of the prescriptions .
Gosinski says he went to Lahr Pharmacy in north - central Phoenix and asked if any prescriptions had been filled in his name .
Indeed , two had ; the pharmacist gave him copies , he says .
It had been months since his departure from AVMT , and he could n't find a job .
After sending out hundreds of résumés for positions in government relations and personnel , he took a part - time job at a gift shop owned by friends .
He was humiliated and broke .
In late 1993 , he was hired as a salesman at Borders Books & Music in Phoenix .
He applied with his old employer , America West , as a new hire and got a job selling tour packages .
Gosinski works 80 hours a week and makes half of what he made at AVMT .
The more he thought about AVMT , the more he became convinced that he had been wrongfully terminated .
He believed that after Cindy McCain learned that he was bellyaching about prescription - writing practices -- and after John McCain had been sworn into the U.S. Senate -- he became expendable .
Under state law , he had just one year from the day he was fired to file a civil lawsuit against his former employer .
A local labor attorney , Stan Lubin , agreed to take his case on a contingency basis , but warned Gosinski he would n't represent him if the case went to court -- unless Gosinski could scrape together the money to pay him up - front .
Gosinski filed his lawsuit in January 1994 , but kept his complaint vague and withheld specific allegations about Cindy McCain .
In February , Lubin wrote a letter to one of McCain 's attorneys , Gary Stuart , asking for a $ 250,000 settlement .
After Lubin withdrew , Gosinski searched for a new attorney , but none would take on a case against Cindy McCain .
He missed subsequent deadlines to file amendments to his complaint and keep it alive .
" There is no lawsuit .
It expired July 11 , " Stuart tells New Times .
While his civil claim was withering away , a criminal investigation of Tom Gosinski was going strong .
Cindy McCain can thank her attorney , John Dowd , for thrusting the story of her drug addiction into the public realm .
If Dowd had not insisted that the county attorney investigate Tom Gosinski's alleged extortion of Cindy McCain , accounts of her pill - popping likely would have remained on the cocktail circuit .
But that 's Dowd 's style .
He 's got lots of political muscle and he does n't hesitate to flex it .
The former federal prosecutor , now in private law practice in Washington , D.C. , has become a fixture on the Arizona political landscape in recent years .
He represented John McCain during the Keating Five hearings , and although McCain was rebuked for his role , the senator was treated with relative lenience .
Dowd orchestrated Governor Fife Symington 's favorable settlement of a $ 210 million suit filed against the governor by the federal Resolution Trust Corporation .
Symington and Dowd attacked the governor 's accusers .
At one point during the ruckus , Dowd got an enterprising Mesa Tribune reporter yanked off the story by challenging him to a fistfight .
When the reporter accepted -- in front of a group of horrified editors -- Dowd achieved his goal .
( The reporter , John Dougherty , now writes for New Times . )
Dowd also served as Major League Baseball 's special prosecutor in the Pete Rose and George Steinbrenner cases , relentlessly pursuing and eventually getting both men suspended .
But in demolishing his quarry , Dowd 's heavy - handed tactics also bloodied the office of baseball 's commissioner .
In his book Lords of the Realm , which examines baseball 's labor history , author John Helyar describes Dowd as a " blunderbuss . "
That description seems apt in the Cindy McCain case .
Without Dowd , Tom Gosinski's claims against McCain and AVMT were going nowhere .
His fleeting contacts with reporters were bearing no fruit .
New Times interviewed Gosinski on several occasions , but he was unwilling to go on the record with his allegations .
The Arizona Republic caught wind of the story and made inquiries , too .
Gosinski's assertion that Cindy McCain was addicted to painkillers required corroboration , some kind of official documentation , and when Dowd persuaded County Attorney Richard Romley to launch his extortion investigation , Dowd unwittingly provided it .
In a " confidential " April 28 letter to Romley , Dowd blurted , " We believe that Mr. Gosinski is aware that in the past Cindy had an addiction to prescription painkillers .
. . .
Given Cindy 's public position , exposure of this sensitive matter would harm her reputation , career , the operation of AVMT , and subject her to contempt and ridicule . "
There it was .
On the record .
In John Dowd 's own words .
What was in it for Romley ?
To Romley , the extortion investigation must have appeared to be a no-lose situation .
He could take comfort in the knowledge that the DEA and the U.S. Attorney were already probing drug acquisition and handling at AVMT .
The feds normally refer cases of prescription fraud to state courts , but federal sources say that because of the possibility that ill - gotten drugs had been transported out of the country , the DEA and U.S. Attorney retained jurisdiction .
That left Romley free to go after Gosinski without much fear of damaging the McCains .
On May 12 , Romley 's office launched its extortion probe .
An edited version of the investigative report was released August 22 , jarred loose by a New Times public records request .
Because the McCain camp was informed that the report was to be released , there was time to set up Cindy McCain 's confessions before the agreeable journalists , none of whom was aware that the report was to be released .
Barnett Lotstein , special assistant county attorney , says the office has prosecuted an average of 14 extortion charges each year since 1988 .
He says the Gosinski investigation is " substantially complete , " but that no decision has been made on whether Gosinski will be prosecuted .
Lotstein also says it is common to provide complainants -- in this case , Dowd , et al . -- with opportunities to edit investigative reports before they are made public .
Lotstein says Dowd and company were not shown the report , " but they did assert their privacy interests with regard to certain privacy issues . "
Asked repeatedly to cite another example where complainants had been allowed to such access , Lotstein says , " I do n't have a specific case , but I can tell you that it's the normal procedure . "
As a sometimes - special prosecutor is wont to do , John Dowd left his mark on the county attorney 's investigation .
About one - fourth of the 200 - plus pages in the report consists of Dowd submissions , including a 26 - page diatribe dated June 14 that reads like an insider 's summary of the investigation to that point .
Dowd met with the investigators on at least one occasion , June 27 .
And the phone lines between Dowd's D.C. office and the County Attorney 's Office apparently were buzzing .
The report indicates that Dowd landed some blows , and took some as well .
Portions of it seem to buttress Dowd 's claim that Tom Gosinski was attempting " a shakedown . "
Gosinski's colleagues at AVMT heard him say he would be willing to use what he knew about Cindy McCain to enrich himself .
AVMT employee Tracy Orrick told investigators Gosinski " would make comments like , ' I wonder how much Cindy 's father would pay to keep this quiet , ' referring to gossip around the office . "
Kathy Walker -- who is identified in the report as being " employed by Hensley & Company as Cindy McCain 's Administrative Assistant and Director of Operations " of AVMT -- told investigators that Gosinski told her in November 1992 that " I 'm going to get her [ McCain ] , I 'm going to blackmail her if she ever fires me . "
Gosinski denies ever threatening to blackmail McCain , and says he 's saddened by Orrick 's and Walker 's statements .
Gosinski claims that Walker and Orrick often joined in speculation about their job security , based on their observations of Cindy McCain .
" I truly do n't understand that , " he says .
" I think it 's noteworthy , though , that Kathy Walker is still employed by Mrs. McCain , as is Tracy [ Orrick ] , and that Kathy Walker , in fact , picked up prescriptions written in [ Walker 's ] name by a doctor and had them filled even though she had no need for them . "
Indeed , both Orrick and Walker told investigators that they became aware that prescriptions for controlled substances were being written in their names , and Dr. John Max Johnson , AVMT 's medical director , admitted writing prescriptions in the names of Orrick , Walker and Gosinski .
Orrick told investigators that when Gosinski learned that prescriptions had been written in Orrick 's and Walker 's names , he declared , " They 'd better not be doing that in my name . "
Some prescriptions were for quantities of 400 and 500 pills .
Sometimes , Cindy McCain would go to Johnson 's home to pick up the prescription .
Sometimes , she would send an underling , Johnson said .
Johnson told investigators that he never dispensed any painkillers during overseas missions , and that Cindy McCain carried the drugs in her personal luggage .
Gosinski says he knew of no doctors who prescribed them on an overseas mission .
Dr. Dennis Everton , however , tells New Times that on his sole AVMT mission -- to Kuwait in 1991 - - he did prescribe pain medication .
Johnson told investigators that he wrote prescriptions in employees ' names even though he knew it was improper .
Johnson said he also wrote two prescriptions for painkillers for Cindy McCain , although he was unaware that she was addicted to them .
Johnson is being investigated by the Arizona Board of Medical Examiners , which has the power to revoke or suspend his license .
The report raises questions about Walker 's veracity .
Orrick told investigators that after Gosinski was fired , she received four or five inquiries from prospective employers .
She says he forwarded the calls to Walker after specifically informing her of their nature .
When Walker was interviewed separately , however , she denied receiving inquiries from prospective employers .
Instead , she stated that unidentified people had called , asking where Gosinski could be located .
" Ms. Walker seemed somewhat confused on this issue but stated that no prospective employers had called her , " the investigative report states .
" It should be noted that Tracy Orrick previously stated that four or five prospective employers did call AVMT requesting to speak with the personnel manager .
Tracy said she turned these calls over to Kathy Walker . "
The discrepancy may be significant , because although he has yet to offer solid proof , Gosinski believes that AVMT sabotaged his job prospects elsewhere .
It also seems noteworthy that throughout the wide - ranging county extortion probe , nobody from AVMT was asked to verify the condition of the organization 's finances at the time Gosinski was fired because of a funding shortfall .
AVMT appears to be intertwined with Hensley & Company , the beer distributorship owned by Cindy McCain 's father .
In fact , when Gosinski was hired at AVMT , he filled out an employment form from Hensley & Company .
In letters urging county investigators onward , Dowd asserts that Stan Lubin , who initially represented Gosinski in his lawsuit against AVMT and Cindy McCain , was persuaded to quit the case after meeting with Dowd and fellow AVMT attorney Gary Stuart in February and March of 1994 .
" We informed Mr. Lubin that Mr. Gosinski 's allegations were false and presented facts refuting the allegations , " Dowd wrote .
" As a result of the meetings , Mr. Lubin decided to terminate his representation of Mr. Gosinski . "
Not so , says Lubin .
" For him to say that I withdrew because of so - called irrefutable evidence is an absolute lie .
I never said that , " Lubin tells New Times .
In his February 4 demand letter to McCain 's lawyers , Lubin wrote , " Due to the sensitive nature of the circumstances surrounding her actions , Mr. Gosinski has kept the allegations in the complaint very general .
. . .
I am sure you recognize what he has done to keep the sensitive matters from exposure . "
He also stated that Gosinski was willing to settle the suit for $ 250,000 .
What John Dowd views as extortion , Gosinski and Lubin view as compassion .
" Based upon what I knew at the time , and what I think today , he [ Gosinski ] was wronged , " Lubin says .
" He was treated badly .
And I think he has some legal remedies .
" What 's wrong , then , with writing a demand letter and saying in it , ' Hey , nobody needs publicity .
Let 's resolve this .
We have a legitimate claim .
Let 's resolve this quietly .' . . .
And so I said what I said with that in mind .
And I 'm not going to retract one word of it .
" Dowd is trying to make a lot of noise with it , but , good God , look at what he 's doing .
He 's threatening someone with criminal action if he files a lawsuit .
. . .
There 's a lot of things that get done that you try to keep quiet , not because of any evil motive but because you have some compassion .
And this is what 's happened to Gosinski , who said to me , ' Good idea , yes , let 's keep it quiet .
I do n't need any ink .
They do n't need any ink .
This woman is ill .
We do n't need ink .
I just want to be remedied . '
" That is not extortion .
To claim that it is is bullshit . "
John Dowd may have unleashed the media hounds on Cindy McCain , and he might never get an extortion charge filed against Gosinski .
But local defense attorneys who have monitored the case say there is little doubt that he has secured a highly favorable deal for his client with federal prosecutors .
First and foremost , the case has remained a federal one .
That 's unusual .
" Federal prosecutors routinely throw this stuff to state prosecutors , " says one Phoenix attorney .
" The DEA and the U.S. Attorney 's Office are not in the habit of popping penny - ante drug offenders . "
Second , the federal pretrial diversion program requires complete confidentiality , which is required at this stage of the investigation in any case .
Moreover , although it is not clear what laws the feds believe Cindy McCain has broken , it seems likely that her offenses would be treated as misdemeanors .
" At worst , she probably could have gotten ten to 16 months , " says one defense attorney who researched federal sentencing guidelines .
He adds that under federal guidelines , McCain looks like a good candidate for diversion .
Another defense attorney says that in cases like McCain's , it is not uncommon for prosecutors to attempt to seize the offender 's property , which , among other things , would include an interest in Hensley & Company and the McCains ' North Central Avenue residence .
That attorney also says that Cindy McCain and John Dowd have done a service to other drug offenders .
" We 're certainly going to jump on this when we have a client in a similar position , " he says .
" When we have a client that 's charged in this same kind of ' script ' writing , if the behavior is milder than Cindy McCain 's , we should be getting diversion . "
State courts would have offered a much greater challenge for Dowd and his client .
" If she were charged in state court -- and there is an offense that fits her case to a T - - she 's looking at Class 3 felonies , " says one defense attorney .
" If we assume conservatively that there were six separate counts , her liability in state court is astronomical .
She could have been looking at ten to 20 years , with a presumptive sentence of 11.25 years and two - thirds served before she would be eligible for parole .
" If I had a client named José Lopez , I 'm not so sure we would n't be looking at that . "
Doug McEachern , a reporter for Tribune Newspapers , was one of the chosen few who was leaked the Cindy McCain saga .
The resulting August 22 lead paragraph : " She was blonde and beautiful .
A rich man 's daughter who became a politically powerful man 's wife .
She had it all , including an insidious addiction to drugs that sapped the beauty from her life like a spider on a butterfly . "
As most East Valley residents were fathoming McEachern 's piece that Monday morning , New Times and the Arizona Republic were securing copies of Romley 's investigative report .
( The Republic , acting on a tip , made a public records request for the report that very morning ; New Times ' had been made 19 days earlier . )
Armed with the report , the Republic , which had been left out of the Cindy McCain exclusives , carried a front - page story on Tuesday morning that told of Tom Gosinski 's lawsuit and the extortion investigation .
McEachern , a veteran political reporter , knew he had been had .
" I 'm not so sure it was a lie , " McEachern says of the spin job .
" It was hedging the truth . "
McEachern dashed back to the subject like a lemming on a cliff .
In an August 24 analysis , he attempted to explain why he'd only reported half the story the first time around .
Again , he employed imagery : " News is not static .
It flows like summer rain down a wash .
The first bubbling rivulets coming down over the rocks may carry just a few nuggets of a big story .
Later , as details become clear , the story eventually may build into a raging , foaming torrent . "
If there was no torrent , a steady trickle fell on the McCain camp over the next week .
The Republic , apparently piqued at being stiffed on the initial story , carried reports about Cindy McCain 's drug habit on the front page every day during the week , and ran another piece on B1 on Saturday .
And all the while , key facts were out of whack .
Steve Meissner of the Arizona Daily Star reported that Cindy McCain had completed " a diversion program established by the U.S. Attorney 's Office . "
Meissner says both Smith and Cindy McCain told him that she had completed a diversion program .
" Then they put out a statement saying that -- quote , inaccurate press accounts , unquote -- had made it sound as though she had already completed the diversion program , " Meissner says .
" So I confronted them to that effect , and Jay Smith said that he was telling me what the lawyers were authorizing him to say and he said he did n't know what a diversion program was . "
All of the McCain camp's wild talk of the diversion program and twisted investigation chronology no doubt rankled federal prosecutors and DEA agents , who are not able to comment on a case under investigation .
The U.S. Attorney 's Office in Phoenix actually issued Cindy McCain 's statement about the inaccurate press accounts .
The release went on to say that she had merely applied for the diversion program .
The statement also indicated that McCain had agreed to reorganize AVMT , and pay for the cost of the federal investigation .
Accounts of Cindy McCain 's drug treatment and exactly when her husband learned of her addiction do n't jibe .
Phoenix Gazette columnist John Kolbe , who compared Cindy McCain 's addiction to her husband 's captivity in a Vietnamese POW camp , devoted a paragraph to the revelation that it was John Dowd who informed the senator that his wife was an addict in January 1994 .
County records show that Dowd was representing Cindy McCain in talks with the DEA in May 1993 .
Both Kolbe and McEachern reported that McCain had checked into a drug rehab clinic in Wickenburg earlier this year .
But in their report , county attorney 's investigators state flatly : " Mrs. McCain admits that she acquired a drug dependency for Percocet because of a back problem and received rehabilitation in Wickenburg Arizona in 1991 & 1992 . "
Dowd , after agreeing to a phone interview with New Times on Monday afternoon , changed his mind .
Jay Smith and John and Cindy McCain did not respond to requests for interviews .
As is his habit , Tom Gosinski rose on Monday , August 22 , and turned on a morning news show .
He was nearly floored by what he heard .
" They announced that in the next segment they would be discussing Mrs. McCain . . . and that she was a drug addict , " he says .
" I had no idea the story was coming out . "
After more than two years of tumult , Gosinski felt a tremendous burden slip from his shoulders .
That morning , co-workers at America West who had doubted Gosinski 's claims approached him to apologize .
" I felt really good that the story was out .
. . .
I also felt like this thing was coming clean -- everything that I had said , everything that I had suggested to the DEA when I first went to them and everything that I had been talking about for a year and a half . "
That was Monday .
On Tuesday , news of Romley 's extortion investigation broke .
Reporters flocked to Gosinski's workplace , seeking interviews .
By Thursday , the papers were quoting John McCain as calling Gosinski a liar .
By Saturday , Gosinski was almost too rattled to tell his side of the story .
But he did .
After nearly five hours of answering questions , he struggles to answer a query about his feelings toward Cindy McCain .
" I feel bad for Cindy .
And I truly do .
Cindy was an addict ; she 's admitted to it . [ But ]
I do n't think that excuses the things she 's done to obtain drugs or the way she treated people . "
たぶ んAppleでは増井さん以外にもたくさんの方が日本語入力に関わっておられるはず。今回のエントリーは増井さんをはじめとしたAppleで日本語入力に関わる全ての方へのメッセージとなる。是非上のほうにいるであろう日本語が読み書きできないけど日本語入力に制約をつけている(であろうと推察する)ガイジン管理職さんにも翻訳して読ませてあげてほしい。...なんてエラそうなことを書いたがまぁBlogで何を書こうが自由なのでｗｗ
i Phone2.1ファームが出て、連文節変換と呼ぶのが正しいのかはわからないが、長い文章を入力しても文節の区切りを自動で判別して変換する機能がついた。
入力文字 「 きょうはおふかいにいってきました 」
旧iPhoneファーム： 「 きょうはおふかいにいってきました 」
「キョウハオフカイニイッテキマシタ」
2.1ファーム「今日はオフ会に行ってきました」
これで先のiPhone評価エントリーにおいて『候補があると思って少し長い言葉を入れたけど候補ないのかよ！』となった際の手戻りの多さが劇的に改善され、便利になった。" ふじりんご" と打ってしまって、" 富士林檎 "
と変換されないことに気づいてバックスペースを4回押して" 富士" を確定させてからさらに " りんご " と打ち込んで " 林檎 " に変換する手間がなくなったのは大きい。特にネットスラングなどカナまじり言葉を多用する人種にとっては。
i Phoneのファームを更新して、評判の悪かった日本語入力変換部に手を入れてきたことは高く評価できる。だが、個人的にはAppleや増井さんにはもう少し新しいUIを期待していた。それは、タッチ入力ならではの" 変換"
システムである。iPhoneではスライド入力*1という革新があったじゃないかと言われそうだが、あれは「入力」方式の革新である。今一歩踏み込んで求めたいのは「変換」方式の革新なのだ。
Palm OS でPoBOXをはじめて見たときのあの『すげぇ、この変換はヤラレタ！』感をいまいちど感じさせてもらいたい。
某氏など関係諸氏には 「 そんなものは既存FEPの操作概念にとらわれており、Oldstyleすぎる」と怒られそうだが、個人的にiPhoneにつけてほしいと思う日本語変換UIを図示してみた。こんなの実装してくれると嬉しいんだけどなぁ、と。
( 拡大図 )
( 拡大図 )
( 拡大図 )
画 面3と4の間は文節区切りミスの修正。指でスライダーアイテム（＜＞
←こういうの)をスライドさせて行う。「富士」と「林檎」の間あたりに指を置いて上にスライドさせると、新しい区切りがあらわれる、という機能も追加するといいだろう。
( 拡大図 )
静止画で伝えるのは難しいが、何となくイメージしてもらえただろうか。ユーザーインタフェースに正解はないと思っているが、少しでも私の理想に近い入力システムが現われてくれんことを祈っている。
※じゃぁお前 はQWERTYキーボードでローマ字入力するなよ！とか言われそうだがそれは棚に上げておくｗ
Donkey Penis …
It ’s What ’s For Dinner
In keeping with the Chinese belief that certain animals or their organs have special medicinal properties , one can only speculate about the advantages of ingesting a penis that once belonged to a poor little donkey .
China International Travel Service ( CITS ) prepares visitors for the fact that they might consider some of the things eaten in China to be offensive to their sensibilities .
They encourage people , however , to taste them in order to “ bridge the cultural gap and look at it with an open mind . ”
In many shopping districts , vendors offer a range of delicacies such as seahorses on sticks , donkey penises and cicadas .
One vendor said of his very different and weird food fare :
“ The seahorses are good for men ’s kidneys and these cicada are good for both the boys and the girls . ” 
Perhaps the strangest custom to western eyes is the consumption of donkey penises , which are considered highly desirable delicacies .
( Not for the poor donkeys ) .
Watch the video of a poor Englishman being confronted with a dinner that is not only strange but also incomprehensible .
His hostess explains how to eat it and its manner of preparation .
The poor little donkey .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Last month , Esquire magazine published a cover that contained an E - ink screen .
I was really looking forward to it , actually ... so much so that I marked it in my calendar to make sure I picked one up around the corner .
There was quite a bit of hype about it , and a lot of people wrote about it on their blogs and websites , and Esquire even encouraged hackers ( does that include me ? ) to play around with the screen .
The local store had a couple of copies left over this past week , so I grabbed one , and decided to see what I could do in a couple hours of playing around .
Of course the first thing I did was rip off the cover : I noticed that the cover was a folded - over piece of card stock , so I pried it open :
The funny part was that it kept on blinking even as I took it apart ... felt a bit like the scene in 2001 A Space Odyssey when the guy unplugs Hal :
This is the back - side of the device :
And this is what the front side of the PCB board looks like .
The components have been identified on other sites , but suffice to say there are a lot of batteries , two shift registers , and a small PIC chip that runs the program .
I knew within a few minutes of looking at the board that I could either approach this one of 3 ways : 1 - Hack the PIC chip , perhaps by reprogramming it2 - Hack into the shift registers , by cutting the input line , and taking them over ... but what if they 're held in some level by the PIC chip , and there 's a via under the chip that I miss ?
3- Hack directly into the screen ( hoping that there protocol and voltage is n't too difficult to work with , and that I can safely bypass the rest of the circuit with little to no consequences ) .
I chose method 3 , because it seemed like the most straightforward , and the one I could probably get right on the first try .
The cable to the screen had 12 wires , and the PCB had resistors lined up in two rows after the connector .
I soldered solid - core wire directly onto the small round pads the PCB designers left for me ( thanks , guys ! ) , in perhaps the world 's sloppiest , hackiest , and odd - looking design ever .
Actually , I took a perspective photo of it below , and I think it came out pretty nice !
I connected the wires from the PCB onto a white mini-protoboard - mainly because of the fragile nature of the PCB - solid core soldering job I did .
Even a small jostle would disconnect the wires from the PCB , and I knew I 'd be rearranging the wires quite a bit as I discovered which lead was ground , or how they were wired up .
I tried a few configurations , including assuming ground was in the middle , far right , or far left of the connector .
I found that by applying + 5 to one lead , and 0 GND to the ground pin , I could turn a segment on .
Then , I found that by applying 0 GND to the lead , and +5 to the ground pin , I could turn the segment back off .
This is the same as saying the screen accepts + 5 to - 5 voltage as it's range , where +5 turns it on , and - 5 turns it off .
Ugh .
That means it 'll be a little tricky to work with , but I 've seen worse !
Ok , so I was fairly proud of my soldering job , so here 's another shot of the wires : I connected the ground pin to the Arduino pin number 2 , and all of the other pins on the first row to Arduino pins 3 - 7 , and the second row from 8 - 13 .
I wrote a small piece of code to turn the pins on and off : void turnon ( int pin ) { digitalWrite ( 2 , LOW ) ; digitalWrite ( pin , HIGH ) ; void turnoff ( int pin ) { digitalWrite ( 2 , HIGH ) ; digitalWrite ( pin , LOW ) ; After a little experimenting , I mapped each of the connector wires to the segments on the screen : pinMode ( 3 , OUTPUT ) ; // the 21st centurypinMode ( 4 , OUTPUT ) ; // nowpinMode ( 5 , OUTPUT ) ; // right barpinMode ( 6 , OUTPUT ) ; // center barpinMode ( 7 , OUTPUT ) ; // boxes around nowpinMode ( 8 , OUTPUT ) ; // right boxpinMode ( 9 , OUTPUT ) ; // backgroundpinMode ( 10 , OUTPUT ) ; // beginspinMode ( 11 , OUTPUT ) ; // left boxpinMode ( 12 , OUTPUT ) ; // left barpinMode ( 13 , OUTPUT ) ; // middle boxAnd of course as soon as that was done , I was ready to go ...
I wrote a small night rider script , and then rewrote it to run on a black background : void barnightrider ( void ) { turnoff ( 5 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnon ( 12 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnoff ( 12 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnon ( 6 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnoff ( 6 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnon ( 5 ) ; delay (t ) ; void barnightriderblack ( void ) {allon ( ) ; delay (t ) ; turnon ( 5 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnoff ( 12 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnon ( 12 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnoff ( 6 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnon ( 6 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnoff ( 5 ) ; delay (t )
; And then I played around with the text code segments : void centurynowcycleblack ( void ) { allon ( ) ; delay (t ) ; turnoff ( 3 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnoff ( 10 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnoff ( 4 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnon ( 3 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnon ( 10 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnon ( 4 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnoff ( 4 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnoff ( 10 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnoff ( 3 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnon ( 4 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnon ( 10 ) ; delay (t ) ; turnon ( 3 ) ; delay (t ) ; Finally , I put all the scripts into functions , and combined the functions to run a little version of the playback demo : Probably the coolest part of all , though , is the fact that when you unplug the Arduino from power , the E - ink screen stays lit or programmed with whatever was on the screen at the time it was unplugged ... cool !
A final suggestion for the next time Esquire does this ... please give us a dot - matrix version , with individually addressable pixels .
If you do , I promise I 'll hack it , and make it available to everyone to code , and I think that 'll pretty much guarentee that I 'll buy about 10 magazines just for myself :) I 've uploaded all the source code over at www.liquidware.org .
Have fun !
CommonDreams
“ Terrorist ” has been redefined by the Maryland State Police .
If you oppose the death penalty or against the war in Iraq – so basically anyone that believes killing is immoral – now is a “ terrorist . ”
The Maryland State Police classified 53 nonviolent activists as terrorists and entered their names and personal information into state and federal databases that track terrorism suspects .
Police Superintendent Terrence B. Sheridan revealed at a legislative hearing that the surveillance operation , which targeted opponents of the death penalty and the Iraq war , was far more extensive than was known when its existence was disclosed in July .
The department started sending letters of notification Saturday to the activists , inviting them to review their files before they are purged from the databases , Sheridan said .
“ The names do n’t belong in there , ” he told the Senate Judicial Proceedings Committee .
“ It ’s as simple as that . ”
The surveillance took place over 14 months in 2005 and 2006 , under the administration of former governor Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. ( R ) .
The former state police superintendent who authorized the operation , Thomas E. Hutchins , defended the program in testimony yesterday .
Hutchins said the program was a bulwark against potential violence and called the activists “ fringe people . ”
The police looked upon protestors as common criminals also .
I guess they forgot the part of the Constitution that allows for free speech .
They are using the Patriot Act to violate our civil rights ; these over zealous police officers have over stepped their boundaries of authority .
This is what Sheridan had to say on the subject .
Sheridan said protest groups were also entered as terrorist organizations in the databases , but his staff has not identified which ones .
Stunned senators pressed Sheridan to apologize to the activists for the spying , assailed in an independent review last week as “ overreaching ” by law enforcement officials who were oblivious to their violation of the activists ’ rights of free expression and association .
The letter , obtained by The Washington Post , does not apologize but admits that the state police have “ no evidence whatsoever of any involvement in violent crime ” by those classified as terrorists .
Hutchins told the committee it was not accurate to describe the program as spying .
“ I doubt anyone who has used that term has ever met a spy , ” he told the committee .
His officers sought a “ situational awareness ” of the potential for disruption as death penalty opponents prepared to protest the executions of two men on death row , Hutchins said .
“ I do n’t believe the First Amendment is any guarantee to those who wish to disrupt the government , ” he said .
Hutchins said he did not notify Ehrlich about the surveillance .
Ehrlich spokesman Henry Fawell said the governor had no comment .
Some activists said yesterday that they have received letters ; others said they were waiting with anticipation to see whether they were on the state police watch list .
Laura Lising of Catonsville , a member of the Baltimore Coalition Against the Death Penalty , received her notification yesterday .
She said she wants a hard copy of her file , because she does not trust the police to purge it .
“ We need as much protection as possible , ” she said .
Both Hutchins and Sheridan said the activists ’ names were entered into the state police database as terrorists partly because the software offered limited options for classifying entries .
The police also entered the activists ’ names into the federal Washington - Baltimore High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area database , which tracks suspected terrorists .
One well - known antiwar activist from Baltimore , Max Obuszewski , was singled out in the intelligence logs released by the ACLU , which described a “ primary crime ” of “ terrorism - anti - government ” and a “ secondary crime ” of “ terrorism - anti- war protesters . ”
The Senators are stunned , my answer to that is , where the hell have you been for the last eight years .
Or are they really that stupid ..
Police State , coming soon , to a former Democracy near you !
“ Always vote for principal , though you may vote alone , and you shall enjoy the sweet reward that your vote was never wasted . ”
John Quincy Adams
Rest of the Article CommonDreams .
Given the fact that he is not , in fact , a white male , Obama would seem to face an even - less - forgiving landscape among white - male voters .
While voters overall give Obama the advantage over John McCain when asked which candidate is better equipped to navigate these tumultuous economic times , Gallup polls throughout the summer and into the fall consistently showed McCain with a double - digit lead among white men who have n’t been to college .
And yet Obama has persevered , devoting far more time and money than either of the last two Democratic nominees on an effort to persuade working - class and rural white guys that he is not the elitist , alien figure they may be inclined to think he is .
The Obama campaign has more than 50 state offices throughout Virginia , a state no Democrat has seriously contested since Obama was a teenager .
In Indiana , there are 42 offices ; in North Carolina , another 45 .
Mathematically , Obama can probably win the election without winning any of these states — or Nevada or Montana or any of the other conservative states where he has campaigned in the past several months .
What he probably can’t do , if he does n’t convert enough voters to throw at least a few traditionally red states into the blue column , is get beyond what he dismissively refers to as the “ 50 - plus - 1 ” governing model , the idea that a president need only represent 50 percent of the country ( plus 1 additional vote ) to command the office .
From the start , Obama has aspired not simply to win but also to stand as a kind of generational break from the polarized era of the boomers , to become the first president in at least 20 years to claim anything more than the most fragile mandate for his agenda .
Absent that , even if he wins , Obama could wake up on Nov. 5 as yet another president - elect of half the people , perched uncomfortably on the edge of an impassable cultural divide .
WHEN LYNDON JOHNSON SIGNED the Civil Rights
Act of 1964 , he famously predicted that his party had just signed away the South for a generation to come .
In truth , the outcome was more profound than Johnson could have imagined .
The culture war , whose Bunker Hill was the campus quad of the 1960s , soon spread to just about every region of the country , where rural and working - class white voters , already anxious over economic change , recoiled at the vehement strain of antimilitary , antiestablishment liberalism that took hold of the Democratic Party in the era after Selma and Saigon .
The effect , especially on the presidential level , was immediate and drastic .
In the 32 years before Johnson made his pronouncement , Democrats controlled the White House for all but 8 of them , and only twice — in 1948 and 1960 — had the Democrat won by what could be considered a narrow margin .
In the four decades since , only two Democrats have managed to get elected , and only one has claimed a majority of the popular vote .
( This was Jimmy Carter , who eked out exactly 50.1 percent without winning a single state west of Texas . )
By the turn of the century , almost completely driven from the South and West , Democratic presidential candidates had taken to focusing all their efforts on an ever - shrinking pool of coastal and industrial states .
Obama , though , has talked from the beginning about running a “ 50 - state ” campaign , and he has spent considerable time and money in more culturally conservative parts of the country where Democrats rarely , if ever , venture , from Elko and Appalachia to Billings , Mont. , and Las Cruces , N.M .
To a large extent , this reflects Obama ’s personal conviction about modern politics , which he first laid out in his 2004 convention speech when he talked about worshiping “ an awesome God in the blue states ” and having “ gay friends in the red states . ”
He told me , when we talked , that Washington ’s us - versus - them divisions had made it impossible for any president to find solutions to a series of generational challenges , from Iraq to global climate change .
“ If voters are similarly polarized and if they ’re seeing two different realities , a Sean Hannity reality and a Keith Olbermann reality , then we ’re not going to be able to get done the work we need to get done , ” Obama said .
It is also true , however , that a series of circumstances beyond his control have conspired to make a truly national campaign more feasible for Obama than for any Democrat since Carter ran in the dark days after Watergate .
First , of course , there is the national sense of despair over the Bush era , which has made the president more of a uniter than he ever intended and which has enabled Democrats to get a hearing in parts of the country where they were being run off the land 10 years ago .
Then there ’s the advent of the Internet as a veritable money vacuum , which has enabled Obama to raise more money than any Democrat in history ( about $ 460 million , at last count ) , meaning he can afford to pour some resources into states he has only a remote chance of winning .
Perhaps most important , though , Obama ’s campaign has also been able to take advantage of a drawn - out Democratic primary campaign that came through all 50 states before it was over — a draining experience that nonetheless established networks of volunteers and newly registered Democratic voters in states that in any other year would have been overlooked .
In three states — Texas , Indiana and North Carolina — more people voted in Democratic primaries this year than voted for Kerry on Election Day in 2004 .
For Obama ’s political advisers , expanding the electoral map is not about making a philosophical statement ; it is simply a strategic imperative .
Presidential campaigns , after all , are about getting to 270 — the minimum number of electoral votes needed to win .
In relying on the same 20 or so winnable states over the past few elections , Democratic nominees have given themselves almost no margin for error .
By contrast , Obama ’s campaign , in addition to fighting for the usual complement of about a dozen swing states , has shifted considerable resources into a group of states — the list has , at one time or another , included Virginia , North Carolina , Indiana , Montana , Nevada , North Dakota and Georgia — that have n’t been strongly contested for at least three elections , if not longer .
( Alaska was on the list , too , until McCain chose Sarah Palin as his running mate . )
The idea here is that the more states you put in play , the more permutations there are that lead to victory .
PICTURED : Amazing shots of Formula 1's first - ever night race
They are bizarre night - time scenes reminiscent of a lavish sci - fi movie set , but these astonishing pictures show the street circuit in Singapore which today hosts Formula 1's first - ever night race .
Intense lights brighten the roads during the night - time driving sessions
As they race , at up to 185 mph , the drivers will pass some of Singapore 's most famous landmarks , including the Esplanade ( 1 ) , the dual oblong - shaped arts buildings in the centre of the above photograph .
The glowing circle to the left of the Esplanade is the 541 ft - high Singapore Flyer ( 2 ) , the city state 's loftier equivalent of the London Eye , which marks the Start / Finish line .
Along the right - hand straight is the 10,000 seat Padang Grandstand ( 3 ) .
Behind the grandstand is the Singapore Cricket Club ( 4 ) , dating from 1852 , a symbol of the city 's colonial past , where a row of Grand Prix hospitality tents can be seen .
Nearby , the track passes another colonial landmark , St Andrew 's Cathedral ( 5 ) , consecrated ten years later .
McLaren Formula
One driver Lewis Hamilton drives past the Old Court House during a warm up session
The near - daylight conditions around the 3.2 - mile track are created by a complex floodlight system comprising 1,500 light projectors attached to 246 pylons ,
each 33ft tall , placed at 350 - yard intervals around the circuit .
This makes it four times brighter than a floodlit football stadium and so dazzling that the drivers will need to wear special sunglasses .
Power for the lights , linked by 67 miles of cable , is provided by 48 generators churning out 3,180,000 watts - enough to provide electricity for 2,400 apartments .
Ferrari's Felipe Massa on his way to qualifying on pole position
Hamilton looked relaxed just before posting an impressive lap time that put him second on the grid
Singapore created nearly a mile of new roads for the circuit , plus a permanent pit building and paddock complex costing £ 22.4 million .
The race starts at 1 pm UK time , with Brazilian Felipe Massa in pole position and Britain 's Lewis Hamilton second on the grid .
Jenson Button drives during the final practice session prior to qualifying at the Marina Bay Street Circuit
Light fantastic : the Singapore circuit is ready for the off
MOSUL , Iraq ( Reuters ) - Eleven Iraqis were killed on Sunday during a U.S. raid on a home in northern Iraq in which a suicide bomber detonated an explosive vest among civilians inside , the U.S. military said .
A U.S. military spokesman said it was not clear how many of the victims died as a result of the bomb blast and how many as a result of shooting .
Three women and three children were among those killed during the raid , which targeted a wanted man in Mosul , some 390 km ( 240 miles ) , north of Baghdad .
A U.S. statement said that U.S. forces exchanged fire with armed men as they entered the building in pursuit of the wanted man , and the bomber detonated his vest shortly after .
“ At this point , we are not sure if each died specifically from gunshot wounds , effects from the blast or a combination of both , ” U.S. Lieutenant Commander David Russell said in an email .
Another U.S. spokesman had earlier said he believed all the Iraqi deaths were caused by the suicide bomber .
Qais Ahmed , a doctor in the Mosul morgue that received the bodies of those killed in the raid , said most of the corpses bore evidence of injuries both from a blast and from gunfire .
“ The bodies were received by the morgue , all carrying injuries ( apparently from an explosion ) and gunshot wounds , except the bodies of the three women .
They bear no injuries , just gunshot wounds , ” he said .
Russell could not confirm whether any U.S. soldiers had been killed or injured in the raid .
The U.S. soldiers later found weapons and explosives in the building , the military said .
Yesterday , Heather of Freebies 4
Mom asked me whether I was familiar with free voicemail numbers that can be used for businesses ( including blogs ) .
The free voicemail landscape was broader last year , but a number of the providers have disappeared or are currently down .
I checked on an old voicemail account I ’d set up and decided not to use .
The whole site is gone .
The only well - known blogger I could remember who uses voicemail is Madame X . She uses Grand Central , which is now owned by Google and in a beta program .
I contacted her about it and she said that it ’s easy to use and works well .
Grand Central ’s premise is that you can use a single number and have it sort callers to the appropriate phone — home , work , cell , etc .
More importantly for our purposes , you can forward people to voicemail .
Tech Crunch put together a quick guide to using it .
It seems like the optimal solution at this point : free ( for now ) , easy to use , no limit on the number of messages you can receive ( though messages can only be 2 min long ) .
The disadvantage is that it ’s beta and therefore requires an invitation .
You can request one at Grand Central ’s reservation page and hope they invite you or get one from a current user .
Madame X does n’t believe she has any to offer .
Edit :
It appears that Grand Central is not giving users new invites .
So you can ask at the site , but cross your fingers and find a backup from below for the interim .
I found two other types of free online voicemail which do n’t look nearly as appealing next to Grand Central but which are more accessible .
The first only allows you to listen online , the second involves mailbox extensions .
Free Voicemail Numbers
Voicemail4 Free and jConnect both offer voicemail “ receive - only ” phone numbers without extensions .
You can only listen to these from the computer , instead of dialing in with another phone .
Of course , is n’t really a problem for a bloggers anyway .
Free Voicemail Using Extensions
By signing up with one of these companies , you can get a free voice mailbox which callers reach by dialing a number and then dialing an extension .
For example , they might assign you 123-555 - 1234 x 123 .
It ’s not a good idea for people running formal businesses , but it ’s something that fits with the informality of blogs , especially blogs focused on frugality .
Sites I found offering this service include : CallVibe.com and
FreeConferenceCall.com .
These are n’t toll - free numbers ( you ’d have to pay for those ) , but it ’s the same as calling someone in Florida from DC .
Most people have cell phones which offer free calling periods and use up minutes for both local and long distance anyway .
You ’ll have a special PIN to use when you call the mailbox to check your messages .
Both do offer e-mail / RSS / or other notifications that you ’ve got a new voicemail , so you know when to check , you just ca n’t get the messages as .wav files on your computer .
( I tested a couple of these out to get some of the information for the post , since it ’s not as easily available on the site .
However I do n’t plan to use voicemail at this time .
If you ’d like to contact me , you can use my contact form or e-mail address .
Free e-mail accounts are available at Gmail , Yahoo Mail , and many more places . )
A powerful member of the Iraqi parliament that is loyal to the anti-American Shia cleric Muqtada al - Sadr was killed in a carefully planned assassination in Baghdad yesterday .
A bomb hidden in a hole in the road exploded as a convoy carrying Salehal - Auqaeili and other lawmakers went past an Iraqi army checkpoint near Sadr City .
It is probable that the killing was carried out by the Badr Organisation , the armed wing of the other large Shia party , the Iraqi Supreme Council of Iraq , who are long - time rivals of the Sadrists .
Mr Auqaeili was a senior member of the 30 - member Sadrist bloc in the 275 - member parliament .
Competition between the political parties of the majority Shia community has become increasingly fierce in the lead - up to the provincial elections which are due to take place next year .
The killing of Mr Auqaeli , a 37 - year - old former professor , may well lead to retaliation by the Sadrists , who are still a powerful force , particularly in Sadr City , where the Mahdi Army militia was stood down by Mr Sadr this year .
The bodies of several members of Badr have been found in the area in recent weeks .
The Sadrists are also accusing the US of being behind the assassination because of their movement 's opposition to the security pact between the US and Iraq .
" The occupation forces sent us a message by staging this attack because of our stance against the agreement , " said Ahmed al - Massoudi , a Sadrist spokesman .
Two other people also died in the blast .
Falah Hassan Shanshal , who was in the same convoy as the dead men , said the group had become suspicious that there was little traffic in the area , which is usually crowded .
" We hold the security forces responsible for this attack , " he said .
" They should be responsible for the security of the city . "
The killing is part of a pattern of highly professional assassinations that have become common , replacing the mass slaughter of two years ago .
There are also frequent attacks on the few Sunni and Shia returning to their old homes .
Nine people who tried to do so in two towns south of Baghdad were killed yesterday , including a Sunni couple and their three children .
Belfast Telegraph
« Vote Ron Paul : Ron Paul News Update 10.09.2008 | Main | Advancing Careers : Law Jobs in Boston »
A lesson of how the economic rescue plan works
A lesson
Once upon a time in a place overrun with monkeys , a man appeared and announced to the villagers that he would buy monkeys for $ 10 each .
The villagers , seeing that there were many monkeys around , went out to the forest , and started catching them .
The man bought thousands at $ 10 and as supply started to diminish , they became harder to catch , so the villagers stopped their effort .
The man then announced that he would now pay $ 20 for each one .
This renewed the efforts of the villagers and they started catching monkeys again .
But soon the supply diminished even further and they were ever harder to catch , so people started going back to their farms and forgot about monkey catching .
The man increased his price to $ 25 each and the supply of monkeys became so sparse that it was an effort to even see a monkey , much less catch one .
The man now announced that he would buy monkeys for $ 50 !
However , since he had to go to the city on some business , his assistant would now buy on his behalf .
While the man was away the assistant told the villagers .
" Look at all these monkeys in the big cage that the man has bought .
I will sell them to you at $ 35 each and when the man returns from the city , you can sell them to him for $ 50 each . "
The villagers rounded up all their savings and bought all the monkeys .
They never saw the man nor his assistant again and once again there were monkeys everywhere .
Now you have a better understanding of how the economic rescue plan works !
October 9 , 2008 in Current Affairs | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451d3ac69e20105356e0b9b970b
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference A lesson of how the economic rescue plan works :
Comments
The comments to this entry are closed .
FIRST he thought it was a mouse , then a rat — and then the rat shot him in the face .
That is how André Brink , one of South Africa 's most famous novelists , described the recent killing of his nephew Adri , at home at 3 am in the morning .
The young man was left to die on the floor , in front of his wife and daughter , while his killers ransacked the house .
Such murders are common in South Africa .
According to Mr Brink 's account , published later in the Sunday Independent , 16 armed attacks had already taken place in a single month within a kilometre of the young couple 's plot north of Pretoria , South Africa 's capital .
Soon afterwards — this is more unusual — the police arrested a gang of six .
They recovered a laptop and two mobile phones .
That was the haul for which Adri paid with his life .
A decade - and - a - half after the end of apartheid , violent crime is pushing more and more whites out of South Africa .
Exactly how many are leaving is impossible to say .
Few admit that they are quitting for good , and the government does not collect the necessary statistics .
But large white South African diasporas , both English - and Afrikaans - speaking , have sprouted in Britain , Australia , New Zealand and many cities of North America .
The South African Institute of Race Relations , a think - tank , guesses that 800,000 or more whites have emigrated since 1995 , out of the 4m - plus who were there when apartheid formally ended the year before .
Robert Crawford , a research fellow at King 's College in London , reckons that around 550,000 South Africans live in Britain alone .
Not all of South Africa 's émigrés are white : skilled blacks from South Africa can be found in jobs and places as various as banking in New York and nursing in the Persian Gulf .
But most are white — and thanks to the legacy of apartheid the remaining whites , though only about 9 % of the population , are still South Africa 's richest and best - trained people .
Talk about “ white flight ” does not go down well .
Officials are quick to claim that there is nothing white about it .
A recent survey by FutureFact , a polling organisation , found that the desire to emigrate is pretty even across races : last year , 42 % of Coloured ( mixed - race ) South Africans , 38 % of blacks and 30 % of those of Indian descent were thinking of leaving , compared with 41 % of whites .
This is a big leap from 2000 , when the numbers were 12 % , 18 % , 26 % and 22 % respectively .
But it is the whites , by and large , who have the money , skills , contacts and sometimes passports they need to start a life outside — and who leave the bigger skills and tax gap behind .
Another line loyalists take is that South Africa is no different from elsewhere : in a global economy , skills are portable .
“ One benefit of our new democracy is that we are well integrated in the community of nations , so now more opportunities are accessible to our people , ” Kgalema Motlanthe , now South Africa 's president , told The Economist .
And to some extent it is true that the doctors , dentists , nurses , accountants and engineers who leave are being pulled by bigger salaries , not pushed by despair .
But this is not the whole story .
Nick Holland , chief executive of Gold Fields , a mining company , says that in his firm it is far commoner for skilled whites to leave than their black and Indian counterparts .
“ We must n't stick our heads in the sand , ” he says .
“ White flight is a reality . ”
Another claim is that a lot of leavers return .
Martine Schaffer , a Durbanite who returned to South Africa herself in 2003 after 14 years in London , now runs the “ Homecoming Revolution ” , an outfit created with help from the First National Bank to tempt lost sheep back to the fold .
And , yes , a significant number of émigrés do come home , seduced by memories of the easeful poolside life under the jacaranda trees , excited by work opportunities or keen — perhaps after having children themselves — to reunite with parents who stayed behind .
In some cases , idealism remains a draw .
Whites who left in previous decades because they were repelled by apartheid , or who expected apartheid to end in a bloodbath , can find much to admire .
Whites build tall walls around their houses and pay guards to patrol their neighbourhoods ; they consider some downtown areas too dangerous to visit .
But on university campuses and in the bright suburban shopping malls it is still thrilling to see blacks and whites mingling in a relaxed way that was unimaginable under apartheid .
Reasons not to panic ?
So South Africa certainly has its white boosters .
Michael Katz , chairman of Edward Nathan Sonnenbergs , a law firm in Johannesburg , hands over a book with the title “ Do n't Panic ! ” , a collection of heartwarming reflections by disparate South Africans on why there is , even now , no better place than home .
Mr Katz ticks off the pluses as he sees them : minimal racial tension ( a third of his own firm 's 350 professionals are black ) ; a model constitution that entrenches the separation of powers and is “ revered ” by the people ; a free press and free judiciary ; a healthy Parliament ; a vibrant civil society ; good infrastructure and a banking system untouched by the global credit crunch .
The “ one major negative ” Mr Katz concedes is violent crime .
If only this could be brought under control , he says , the leavers would return .
But would they ?
Violent crime is undoubtedly the biggest single driver of emigration , the one factor cited by all races and across all professions when people are asked why they want to go .
Police figures put the murder rate in 2007 - 08 at more than 38 per 100,000 and rape at more than 75 per 100,000 .
This marks a big fall over the past several years , but is still astronomical by international standards ( the murder rate was 5.6 per 100,000 in the United States last year ) .
It has reached the point where most people say they have either been victims of violent crime themselves or know friends or relatives who have been victims .
Typically , it is a break - in , carjacking , robbery or murder close to home that clinches a family 's long mulled - over decision to leave .
All the same , crime is far from being the only cause of white disenchantment .
Some say that 2008 brought a “ perfect storm ” .
A sequence of political and economic blows this year have buffeted people 's hope .
Added together they provide reason to doubt whether the virtues ticked off by the exuberant Mr Katz — a model constitution , separation of powers , good infrastructure and so on — are quite so solid .
Good infrastructure ?
At the beginning of the year South Africa 's lights started to go out , plunging the thrumming shopping malls and luxury homes into darkness and stopping work in the gold and diamond mines .
This entirely avoidable calamity was caused by a distracting debate about the role of the private sector in electricity supply .
Eskom , the state - owned utility in which many experienced white managers had been too quickly pushed aside , is now investing again in new plant under a new chairman , Bobby Godsell , a veteran mining executive .
But for the time being power will remain in short supply and rationing and blackouts will continue .
As for that model constitution and the separation of powers , Desmond Tutu , the retired Anglican archbishop of Cape Town , was moved this week to describe the sordid battle between Jacob Zuma , Thabo Mbeki , the party , government , prosecuting authority and courts as suggestive of a “ banana republic ” .
As well as being appalled by events at home this past year , whites have watched Robert Mugabe 's pauperisation of neighbouring Zimbabwe and wonder whether South Africa will be next to descend into the same spiral .
Besides , fear of crime cannot be separated from the other factors that make South Africans consider emigration .
People who do not feel safe in their homes lose their faith in government .
John Perlman , who worked for the SABC , the state broadcaster , before resigning in a quarrel over political interference , does not believe that most people leave because they are afraid .
“ I think they leave when they lose heart , ” he says .
One white entrepreneur about to leave for New York says that it was not being held up twice at gunpoint that upset him most : it was the lack of interest the police showed afterwards .
Tony Leon , the former leader of the opposition Democratic Alliance , claims that policing has been devastated by cronyism and that the entire criminal - justice system is dysfunctional .
The head of the police , Jackie Selebi , is on leave pending a corruption investigation .
How much does the outward flow of whites matter ?
South Africa can ill afford the loss of its best - trained people .
Iraj Abedian , an economist and chief executive of Pan-African Capital Holdings , says a pitiful shortage of skills is one of the main constraints on economic growth .
He concedes that the ANC has pushed hard to give every eligible child a place in school , but argues that a “ politically correct ” focus on expanding access has come at the expense of quality .
With virtually no state schools providing adequate teaching in science or maths , he says , the country has added to its vast problem of unemployment ( every other 18 - 24 - year - old is out of work ) a no less vast problem of unemployability .
The gap they leave behind
On Mr Abedian 's reckoning , about half a million posts are vacant in government service alone because too few South Africans have the skills these jobs demand .
Not a single department , he says , has its full complement of professionals .
Local municipalities and public hospitals are also desperately short of trained people .
Dentists are “ as scarce as chicken 's teeth ” and young doctors demoralised by the low standards of hospital administration .
Last May Azar Jammine , an independent economist , told a Johannesburg conference on the growing skills shortage that more than 25,000 teachers were leaving the profession every year and only 7,000 entering .
A blinkered immigration policy makes things worse .
Nobody has a clue how many millions of unskilled Africans cross into South Africa illegally .
But skilled job applicants who try to come in legally are obstructed by a barricade of regulations .
Mr Abedian says that the ANC used to think that relying on foreigners would discourage local institutions from training their own people .
Now at least the government earmarks sectors where skills are in short supply and for which immigration procedures are supposed to be eased .
In April , however , an internal report by the Department of Home Affairs showed that fewer than 1,200 foreigners had obtained permits under this scheme , from a list of more than 35,000 critical jobs .
In fairness , South Africa has been through far worse times before .
Whites streamed out during the township riots of the 1980s .
It is far from clear how much of the present dinner - table talk about leaving ends with a family packing its bags .
Alan Seccombe , a tax expert at PWC in Johannesburg , says that many affluent whites have moved money offshore and prepared their escape routes , but that his firm 's emigration practice is doing less business today than it did in 1995 .
Perspective is necessary in politics , too .
Raenette Taljaard , previously an opposition member of Parliament and now director of the Helen Suzman Foundation , a think - tank , says that events this past year have raised profound concerns about the rule of law and the durability of the constitution .
But Allister Sparks , the author of several histories of South Africa ( and a former writer for The Economist ) , maintains that the ANC has done as well as anyone had a right to expect after apartheid 's destructive legacy .
Some whites even express enthusiasm about the advent of Mr Zuma .
How many other African liberation movements , they ask , have been democratic enough to vote out an underperforming leader , as the ANC has Mr Mbeki ?
For the average white person , South Africa continues to offer a quality of life hard to find elsewhere .
And there are other compensations .
Mr Brink says in the article on the murder of his nephew that people who ask when he will be emigrating are perplexed to hear that he intends to stay .
There is , he says , an “ urgency and immediacy ” about life in South Africa that lends it a sense of involvement and relevance he cannot imagine finding elsewhere .
All the same , he is staying on bereft of some former illusions .
The myopia and greed of the country 's new regime of rats have eroded my faith in the specific future I had once believed in .
I do not foresee , today , any significant decrease in crime and violence in South Africa ; I have serious doubts that our rulers can even guarantee a safe and successful soccer World Cup in 2010 ; I do not believe that the levels of corruption and nepotism and racketeering and incompetence and injustice and unacceptable practices of “ affirmative action ” in the country will decrease in the near future .
The famous novelist will stay .
Many other whites are making plans to leave , and will be taking their precious skills with them .
just as
As promised in my previous post , I would like to bring to people ’s attention one of the best reviews of scientific investigations of religion as a social phenomenon , a paper published in Science ( 3 October 2008 ) by Ara Norenzayan and Azim Shariff of the University of British Columbia .
The article is chock full of fascinating , empirically based , insights into the relationship between religion and prosocial behavior , and is a must read for anyone seriously interested in this topic .
Here , I will point to some of the highlights that will hopefully stimulate discussion and direct reading of Norenzayan and Shariff ’s paper .
First off , let me clear the field of an obvious source of what I think is rather fruitless discussion .
The authors begin by summarizing three models of the evolution of religion : the ( religion as an adaptation for group living ) , the ( religion derives from the necessity of a theory of others ’ mind and sensitivity to one ’s reputation ) , and the ( where competition among social groups favors the spread of costly practices to maintain in - group cohesion ) .
I have said repeatedly that we simply do not have the empirical data to seriously test genetic - evolutionary explanations for most human behaviors , so I am completely neutral about alternative scenarios that deal with that aspect of the problem .
Moreover , following Jablonka and Lamb ( 2005 ) , I count cultural inheritance as a legitimate form of evolutionarily relevant inheritance .
This means that any of the above scenarios ( or a combination thereof ) may have occurred without major involvement of genes , by direct transmission of cultural practices .
Ok , that being out of the way , let ’s take a look at what Norenzayan and Shariff say .
To begin with , they debunk the oft - repeated claim that religiosity increases charitability .
It turns out studies that have made that link are entirely based on self - reporting , a notoriously unreliable source of behavioral evidence .
When one looks into experimental studies of the issue , the picture changes dramatically .
A series of “ Good Samaritan ” studies found that people ’s actual ( as opposed to self - reported ) charitable behavior shows no correspondence whatsoever with the degree of religious belief .
Secular people are just as likely ( or not ) to help someone in distress as are religious people .
Interestingly , however , researchers have been able to show that a strong link between religiosity and prosocial behavior does emerge , but only when there is a self - reputation enhancing egoistic motivation : religious people are more likely to engage in prosocial behavior if they know that there is a good chance that their reputation in the group will be positively affected .
Perhaps one of the most interesting sets of experiments reported by Norenzayan and Shariff concerns what happens when people are reminded of a morally watchful authority -- religious or secular .
In a control group that was not “ primed ” with a god - like concept , people behaved selfishly ( most pocketed an available sum of money without sharing ) .
When participants were primed with a god reminder , however , the modal behavior switched to fairness ( they split the money ) .
So , does religion trigger altruistic behavior after all ?
Nope .
Here ’s the kicker : people that were primed with reminders of a secular moral authority werealtruistic as the religiously primed ones !
It is n’t religion , it is the presence of a moral authority that does the trick .
Another spectacular finding deals with the effect of religiosity on group survival .
Researchers have mined historical information on hundreds of communes that were started in the United States during the 19th century , some religious , some secular ( mostly of socialist inspiration ) .
Once again , a prima facie interpretation of the data would seem to give credence to the idea that religion is good for sociality : at any given point in time , religious communes were four times as likely to survive to the following year as their secular counterparts .
However , more in - depth analyses revealed that one needs to be weary before jumping to conclusions : it turns out that the real predictor of commune longevity was not religiosity , but the number of costly requirements for membership !
The more costly it is to belong , the more likely members are to stick with it ( that ’s also why it ’s better to subscribe to an expensive gym if you really want to motivate yourself … ) .
The overall difference between religious and non-religious communes was simply due to the fact that the latter , on average , imposed much less costly requirements .
( Note that “ requirements ” here does not just mean monetary ones , but also engaging in rituals , church attendance , constrained sexual practices , and so on .
Still , perhaps atheist organizations should start asking their membership for a sizable percentage of their income , just as many fundamentalist denominations do . )
Finally , Norenzayan and Shariff looked into another interesting prediction that people have made about the relationship between religion and prosociality .
According to standard theory , the two original sources of moral behavior are kin selection ( you help your relatives because they carry some of your genes ) and reciprocal altruism ( where there is an expectation of favors being returned ) .
The problem is that these two mechanisms begin to break down for groups that are much larger than about 150 individuals ( all that our neocortex can keep track of ) .
What then ?
The hypothesis here is that gods kick in as a supplementary and increasingly important moral lever .
If so , then there should be a positive relationship between the size of a society and the moralizing of their gods .
Sure enough , researchers found that although most societies do not , in fact , worship gods that dictate morality , all large groups switch to moral - dictating deities .
Does that mean that religion is , after all , necessary for the stability of human groups ?
Again , no , because modern secular social contract - enforcing institutions ( police , courts , etc. ) efficiently replace the original function of “ big gods , ” as plainly demonstrated by the case of most western societies , which are both highly secular and stable .
Norenzayan and Shariff end with one further cautionary statement to people who insist that religion must be good for society , and a direct quote here is best : “ Religious prosociality is not extended indiscriminately ; the ‘ dark side ’ of within - group cooperation is between - group competition and conflict . ”
In this age of holy wars and cross-cultural clashes , it is indeed hard to underestimate the destructive power of religion .
Citations : Ara Norenzayan and Azim F. Shariff , 'The Origin and Evolution of Religious Prosociality ' , Science 3 October 2008 : Vol. 322. no. 5898 , pp. 58 - 62 DOI : 10.1126/science.1158757 Jablonka , E. and M. J. Lamb ( 2005 ) .
Evolution in Four Dimensions : Genetic , Epigenetic , Behavioral , and Symbolic Variation in the History of Life .
Cambridge , MA , MIT Press .
A Superlative Scam and Spam Site Registrar
Over the past week , a number of the Internet 's largest data carriers have ceased providing online connectivity to Atrivo ( a.k.a. " Intercage " ) , an ISP that security experts say is home to a huge number of scammers and spammers .
This week , I 'm turning the spotlight on EstDomains Inc. , Atrivo 's most important customer and the single biggest reason so many experts have condemned Atrivo .
According to RegistrarStats.com , EstDomains is the 49th largest domain name registrar , with more than 270,000 domains .
Security
Fix is still working on cataloging all of those domains , but for the purposes of this analysis we 'll examine some 10,000
Web site names that are both registered through EstDomains and using the company 's various domain name servers to route traffic to them .
I chose to focus on that particular subset of 10,000 domains mainly so that EstDomains could not simply disavow knowledge of the sites ' activities by claiming it serves as nothing more than a registrar for those domains .
Turns out , at least one - third of those domains ( .CSV ) are currently blacklisted by SURBL.org , which tracks Web site names that are advertised in junk e-mail .
Have a look at the complete list of those 10,000 names -- which I 've made available at this link here (. CSV file ) -- and it should quickly become evident why so many are blacklisted .
Pick almost any spammy term that comes to mind and you will find dozens of sites with those terms currently registered at EstDomains and using their name servers .
Below are just a few of the terms I picked , and beside each is the number of times the terms appeared in a domain name from the list of 10,000 ( a longer list is available here ) :
pharm -100
viagra - 42
casino - 62
pill - 82
soft ( software ) - 164
rx -57
drug-68
meds -66
jewelry - 46
porn -301
teen - 120
Snowshoe Domains : Spreading the Love
Security experts at anti-spam group Spamhaus.org say EstDomains is a pioneer in setting up domains and domain name servers to accommodate a practice known as " snowshoe spamming . "
Spamhaus explains :
Like a snowshoe spreads the load of a traveler across a wide area of snow , some spammers use many frequently - changing IP addresses and domains to spread out the spam load in order to dilute recipient reputation metrics and evade filters .
Conversely , legitimate mailers try hard to build their brand reputation based on a known domain and a small permanent range of sending IPs .
Snowshoers also use anonymized or unidentifiable WHOIS records , whereas legitimate senders are proud to provide their real identity .
A stellar example of an operation primed for snowshoe spamming can be seen in the network set up by an entity called extendedhost.com
That domain name is merely a placeholder : extendedhost.com does n't actually have an official Web site , and all of its domain names are registered at EstDomains .
Could EXTendedhost be the same company as ESTdomains ( which also owns a hosting service called ESThost ) ?
The registration records for Extendedhost.com are n't much help , placing the company variously in Canada , Panama , and the Ukraine .
But a domain name server history search on extendedhost.com shows it most recently used the DNS servers of a company called Bakler.com .
Bakler is a domain auction service owned by Rove Digital , an entity that claims ownership of EstDomains ( I 'll have more on Rove Digital in follow - up blog post ) .
All 500 numeric Internet addresses assigned to extendedhost.com are blacklisted by Spamhaus for sending spam .
But look a bit deeper into the entity 's operations , and you 'll notice that each spam domain has its own distinct name server .
Why bother assigning a unique domain name server to resolve each unique spam Web site name ?
For starters , anti-spam groups can blacklist thousands of spam sites in one fell swoop just by listing the handful of domain name servers that all of the sites have in common .
But when each spam site has its own name server , it creates far more work for anti-spam groups .
" I call it ' horizontal scaling , ' " said Suresh Ramasubramanian , head of anti-spam operations at Hong Kong based Outblaze.com .
" You can pump up [ spam ] volume one of two ways : tons more from one or two sources , or spread the load across several sources , like a snowshoe spreads the weight of your feet across the snow . "
Porn , Scareware , and Search Traffic Hijacking
Fake anti-virus and fake anti-spyware Web sites comprise the most persistent nuisance and source of illegal activity emanating from EstDomains today .
Chief among these fake security products is the infamous XPAntivirus family of scareware , as exemplified by the still - active antivirus2008 xp.com , pictured at right .
Typically , hackers are paid to compromise legitimate Web sites and silently redirect any visitors to these fake security software sites .
Those sites in turn download malicious software that bombards the victim with incessant , bogus messages warning that his or her computer is infected with multiple privacy and security threats .
Spy - partners.com , registered through EstDomains , is just one example of a company that pays affiliates to redirect traffic to its stable of scareware sites .
Experts say EstDomains also is the single largest source of domains affiliated with fake " codec , " scam sites .
These are mainly adult Web sites ( or hacked , legitimate sites seeded with pornography ) that tell visitors they need to install a special video codec in order to view the featured movies .
The malware served by these fake codec sites also is fed by affiliate programs , such as cashcodec.com , ruler - cash.com , and vcstats.com ( bonus points if you already figured out that each of these domains is active and registered through EstDomains ) .
One function of these codecs is to install software that changes the victim 's domain name service settings , so that some percentage of their Web site and search engine traffic gets redirected to Web sites and search engines controlled by the attackers .
The criminals in control of machines infected with these codecs can trivially hijack any victim traffic destined for online banking and other e-commerce Web sites .
At the end of my post last week on Atrivo / Intercage , I mentioned that I planned to take a hard look at EstDomains .
A number of readers took that as an invitation to post in the comments section lists of sites registered at EstDomains that were serving up fake codecs and bogus security software .
Konstantin Poltev , the registry liason for EstDomains , responded to each of those posts individually , saying he had suspended them all .
However , I found a couple hundred more , detailed at this list here .
It 's worth noting again that I found these domains in a sample of 10,000 domains registered through EstDomains - or out of roughly 3.5 percent of EstDomains ' total domain portfolio .
Poltev said his company responds to abuse complaints within 24 hours .
" However , sometimes making any decision is nearly impossible as there is an obvious lack of evidences , which prove the reported domain name 's involvement in the infringement of the registration agreement , " Poltev said in an e-mail to Security Fix .
" In general , such complicated cases are brought into court , and it must be mentioned that we are strictly bound by our policy to discharge our obligations before court decisions . "
" There are some cases that force court , federal agency , police or any other authority to make an official request for providing them with all the information available for the disputed domain name or its owner , " Poltev said .
As to criticisms that EstDomains welcomes cyber criminal activity on its network : " I am at a loss and cannot understand why someone should confer our company the rank of cyber space criminals . "
The Role of Directi
No single security company has tracked the fake anti-malware and porn codec epidemic emanating from EstDomains more thoroughly than Clearwater , Fla. , based Sunbelt Software .
Patrick Jordan , a senior spyware researcher for Sunbelt , maintains a massive database that charts the connections between thousands of criminal Web sites as they 've come and gone over the years .
Jordan 's database illustrates what he calls the " Blackweb Network , " an alliance of sites erected to push fake anti-spyware and anti-spyware products , porn , and to hire affiliates who get paid to spread this junk .
Jordan said that most of the sites in his database were registered either at EstDomains or at Directi , a domain registrar based in India that does business as Public Domain Registry .
As it happens , EstDomains is a reseller of Directi's registration services .
Among the services Directi offers is privacyprotect.org , which allows domain name registrants to obscure their contact details from the public .
" Most of the fake anti-malware and DNS changer guys are all registered through EstDomains using privacyprotect.org , " Jordan said .
In June , Security Fix covered an analysis from anti-spam outfit Knujon that indicated some 15,000 Web site names advertised in junk e-mail were registered using Directi's privacyprotect.org service .
Last week , Knujon released another report detailing what it called 48 " phatom domain name registrars " that cater exclusively to spammers and virus writers and trace back to Directi .
Knujon 's report coincided with a separate report from security researchers at Hostexploit.com that tied Directi to cyber crime operations .
Chris Barton , lead scientist at McAfee Avert Labs , joined the chorus of criticism against Directi , with a strongly worded blog post that asked Directi's founders : " When will you completely stop supporting the illegal acts of EST [ domains ] and other very obvious darkside entities and kick the bad apples out ? "
Directi vehemently denied turning a blind eye to abuses by EstDomains , and said it had stopped offering the registrar the use of privacyprotect.org services .
Directi chief executive Bhavin Turakhia said the company considered dropping EstDomains as a customer entirely , but decided against it .
" We are forced to reconsider ONLY for the sake of the several hundred thousand innocent domain registrants that happened to have registered their domain through EST .
Pulling the plug on them can lead to the potential destabilization of several thousand innocent websites . "
For its part , EstDomains appears to have already found a way to obscure the registrant information for new spam and scam domains , launching its own anonymity service called protectdetails.com .
For example , sh0 pp0rtal.net , an EstDomains - registered Web Fraud 2.0 service Security Fix previewed this month that lets cyber crooks verify the credit limits on stolen credit and debit cards -- now shields its registrants ' data using protectdetails.com .
On Sunday , Directi , Hostexploit.com and Knujon declared a truce after a week 's worth of squabbling in media coverage about the reports .
In a post to its corporate blog Sunday , Directi said it had suspended a list of domains provided by Hostexploit and Knujon , including loads.cc , a Web Fraud 2.0 featured site that has long been a place where scam artists can go to rent botnets , or large groupings of compromised PCs .
That post from Directi's blog concludes with these promising words :
" HostExploit and Knujon did share with Directi a separate list of additional web sites known for badware that belong to Atrivo , enabling Directi's abuse team to swiftly suspend them .
Directi HostExploit and Knujon intend to continue this information exchange to speedily resolve abuse issues , and to further demonstrate transparency the community can contact either Directi or / and HostExploit to ensure action is taken . "
Security Fix would like to thank Jart Armin , Nicholas Bourbaki , Matt Jonkman and James McQuaid for contributing to this story .
WASHINGTON  The chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , Senator John D. Rockefeller IV , said Thursday that the committee would investigate claims by two military eavesdroppers that they routinely listened in on private calls home from American military officers , aid workers and journalists stationed in Iraq .
Mr. Rockefeller , Democrat of West Virginia , called the accusations “ extremely disturbing . ”
“ Any time there is an allegation regarding abuse of the privacy and civil liberties of Americans it is a very serious matter , ” he said .
The two former intelligence officers , Adrienne Kinne , an Army reservist , and David Murfee Faulk , a Navy linguist , spoke Thursday to ABC News .
They also were interviewed for a book on the National Security Agency by James Bamford , a former ABC producer and author of two earlier books on the agency , that is scheduled for publication next week .
Ms. Kinne and Mr. Faulk , both Arabic linguists , were based at Fort Gordon , Ga. , where the N.S.A. has a large listening post focused on the Middle East .
Ms. Kinne was there from 2001 to 2003 and Mr. Faulk was there from 2003 to 2007 , Mr. Bamford said .
First Look
Orissa : Normalcy returns , scars remain
Rediff News Bureau | August 31 , 2008
SCARS REMAIN
A face that will haunt her -- and India -- for a long time .
Namrata was attacked by alleged VHP men at at Raikia in Orissa 's Kandhamal district .
The photograph is taken by Deshakalyan Chowdhury ( AFP / Getty Images ) when she was returning to her village from a jungle , where she took refuge from the ramapaging miscreants .
Meanwhile , normalcy has gradually returned to Kandhamal with no major violence incidents being reported so far .
Many people , who fled to forests fearing attacks , have been returning ( see the picture below ) to relief camps , sources said .
ALSO READ :
Who killed Lakshmananda ?
What is wrong in Kandhamal ?
ORISSA LIMPS BACK TO NORMAL
One way to look at the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan is to see them as one war with two fronts .
Germany fought two - front wars twice in the 20th century , and it was almost able to prevail because it had the advantage of interior lines .
The German Army could quickly shift divisions and corps from the Eastern to the Western front or vice versa , using the superb German rail system .
Unfortunately , the US lacks the advantage of interior lines in its ongoing two - front war .
No railways run from Baghdad to Kabul .
US commanders in Afghanistan have reportedly requested an additional 10,000 troops .
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates was recently quoted in the Washington Post as telling the Senate Armed Services Committee , " I believe we will be able to meet that commanders  requirement , but in the spring and summer of 2009 we do not have the forces to send three additional brigades to Afghanistan at this point . "
The only source for additional troops for Afghanistan is Iraq .
The September 2008 issue of Army magazine quotes Joint Chiefs Chairman Admiral Michael Mullen as saying , " I dont have troops I can reach for , brigades I can reach , to send into Afghanistan until I have a reduced requirement in Iraq . "
Without railways running on interior lines , we cannot move three brigades from Iraq to Afghanistan this week , then move them back to Iraq again a few weeks later if the situation there demands them .
That means any shift of forces requires long - term stability in Iraq .
Neocon voices in Washington are now claiming " victory " in Iraq , which , if it were true , would release American forces stationed there for redeployment .
This appears to be what Secretary Gates is counting on when he says we should be able to meet commanders  request for 10,000 more troops in Afghanistan next spring or summer .
But I fear this represents a falsely optimistic reading of the situation in Iraq .
In my view , the current relative quiet in Iraq is merely a pause as the parties there regroup and reorient for the next phase of the war .
Unless we have the good sense to get out of Iraq now , while the going is good , we will be stuck there when that next phase starts .
We will not then be in a position to shift forces from Iraq to Afghanistan , because without interior lines , any such shift much be long - term .
While most of the stuff on the internet is junk , the junk pile does hold an occasional diamond .
One such is a daily report called " NightWatch , " written by a retired DIA analyst , John McCreary .
As quoted in the Washington Posts " Tom Ricks Inbox , " " NightWatch " for September 11 , 2008 said that
" The US , as the most powerful faction ( in Iraq ) , imposed power sharing on the Kurds , the Arab Sunnis and the Arab Shiites Power sharing is deceptive because it always features reduced violence .
It looks like victory , but is not .
" Power sharing can last a long time , but it is not a permanent condition and does not signify one factions triumph over the others .
It is never an end state , but rather a transitional period during which the participants prepare for the next phase of the struggle .
" Thus , power sharing is always a prelude to violence . "
If the next phase of Iraqs civil war breaks out before spring 2009 , Secretary Gatess promise of more troops for Afghanistan will go unfulfilled .
Both the Armys and the Marine Corps cupboards are bare .
We will in effect face enemy offensives on both fronts simultaneously , with no reserves .
Even with the advantages of interior lines and excellent railways connecting both fronts , Germany was not able to deal with such a situation from the summer of 1944 onward .
Lacking those advantages , our predicament will be worse .
We will find ourselves face - to - face with failure both in Iraq and Afghanistan , with few if any options .
If an attack on Iran has meanwhile brought that country into the war against us , we will face a third front .
Events in Pakistan could create a fourth .
It is the nature of long wars that they tend to spread .
Whoever the next President is , he is likely to find himself living in interesting times .
David Kernell is the son of Mike Kernell , a Democratic politician
The son of a Democratic politician has been indicted over the hacking of US Republican vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin 's e-mail account .
At a court in Knoxville , Tennessee , David Kernell , 20 , pleaded not guilty to gaining unauthorised access to Mrs Palin 's Yahoo account .
Prosecutors say he posted some of the messages and her password online .
Mr Kernell , an economics student at the University of Tennessee , is the son of state congressman Mike Kernell .
His father denies having anything to do with the hacking incident .
The indictment charged Mr Kernell with accessing Mrs Palin 's account , gov.palin@yahoo.com , after correctly answering a series of personal questions .
Mr Kernell had turned himself in " as soon as we found out about the charges , " according to his lawyer , Wade Davies , who spoke to reporters after the federal court hearing .
Mr Kernell faces a maximum of five years in prison if convicted plus a $ 250,000 ( £ 145,000 ) fine and three years of supervised release .
Mr Kernell was released without bail , but limits were set on his computer use .
No Additional Crysis Patches
In the company 's most recent Crysis update post on the Crymod forums , Crytek has revealed it currently has no plans to further patch the sci - fi action game .
The company understands that " this news will disappoint many of you " , but notes , " we are confident that the things we are working on will be appreciated by the community " .
Additionally , development on the Linux dedicated server for the game has ceased .
Considering recent comments by Crytek 's Cevat Yerli , this news does n't come as a huge shock .
Although the game has sold well , the company still believes piracy significantly impacted retail performance .
Yerli also said at the time that the company would move away from PC - exclusive development .
In other Crysis news , inCrysis has discovered that Crysis Warzone has been trademarked by Crytek .
Other recent trademark submissions include Crysis Wars , Crysis Warhead and World in Crysis .
These names could indicate an expansion pack , or a sequel .
Top 10 Best Apartment Dogs :
Many people living in an apartment or condo may delay adopting a dog , with the fear that their pet will not get enough exercise without a backyard to play in .
But there are many dogs just made for an indoor lifestyle , and we 've listed the top 10 here .
Our primary considerations while compiling this list were the dog's energy levels , exercise requirements , and playfulness .
The lower the requirement , the higher up the dog will place on the list .
To a lesser degree , a dog 's resistance to the elements ( i.e. heat and cold ) were also considered .
The lower the resistance , the higher the dog will place on the list .
Legend : EL : Energy Level ; ER : Exercise Requirements ; P : Playfulness ; CT : Cold Tolerance ; HT : Heat Tolerance .
# 10 : Yorkshire Terrier
EL : 4/5 ER : 1/5 P : 4/5 CT : 2/5 HT : 3/
5
Yorkies can easily exercise themselves within the home , but you should also try to interact with them in the form of games .
They only require a short walk in a familiar area , once per day .
This is definitely a dog that is comfortable living indoors .
Learn more about the Yorkshire Terrier : Health issues and temperament
# 9 : Toy Manchester Terrier
EL : 4/5 ER : 1/5 P : 1/5 CT : 1/5 HT : 4/5
The Toy Manchester is playful with its family , although somewhat reserved with strangers .
It enjoys a romp outdoors , but it hates the cold .
Indoors , it loves a soft , warm bed .
Learn more about the Toy Manchester Terrier : Health issues and temperament
# 8 : Chinese Crested Dog
EL : 3/5 ER : 1/5 P : 4/5 CT : 1/5 HT : 4/5
The Chinese Crested is devoted to its family and willing to please ; it is also good with other dogs , pets , and strangers .
They do n't mind a short walk every day , but not in the cold .
In fact , the hairless variety will need a sweater for cold weather outings .
Vigorous indoor games can provide sufficient exercise for this breed .
Learn more about the Chinese Crested Dog : Health issues and temperament .
# 7 : ShihTzu
EL : 3/5 ER : 1/5 P : 4/5 CT : 2/5 HT : 1/5
The spunky Shih Tzu is both a gentle lapdog and a vivacious companion .
They do need daily exercise , but indoor games or a short walk outside can easily meet its requirements .
A Shih Tzu should never be expected to live outdoors .
Learn more about the Shih Tzu : Health issues and temperament
# 6 : Lhasa Apso
EL : 3/5 ER : 1/5 P : 3/5 CT : 3/5 HT : 2/5
Despite its lapdog appearance , the Lhasa Apso is a tough character !
It is independent , stubborn , and bold .
Although it is eager for a romp or game , its exercise requirements can easily be met indoors .
The Lhasa is another breed not suited to outdoor living .
Learn more about the Lhasa Apso : Health issues and temperament
# 5 : Boston Terrier
EL : 3/5 ER : 1/5 P : 3/5 CT : 1/5 HT : 1/5
The Boston Terrier is well mannered indoors , but saucy and playful whenever the chance arises .
Most of its exercise requirements can be met with a short daily walk , but keep in mind the Boston is especially intolerant to heat .
Some individuals tend to bark a lot .
Learn more about the Boston Terrier : Health issues and temperament
# 4 : Bulldog
EL : 1/5 ER : 1/5 P : 4/5 CT : 1/5 HT : 1/5
The Bulldog is among the most docile and mellow of dogs .
They appreciate a daily outing , but cannot tolerate hot humid weather .
Your Bulldog should not be expected to walk or jog great distances , or to jump from any heights .
Learn more about the Bulldog : Health issues and temperament
# 3 : English Toy Spaniel
EL : 1/5 ER : 1/5 P : 3/5 CT : 3/5 HT : 1/5
The English Toy Spaniel ( and Cavalier King Charles Spaniel ) enjoys a life of leisure !
It is the perfect lapdog , but still playful and attentive .
Although it enjoys a nice walk on a leash or a fun game in the house , the English is not overly active and its exercise requirements can be met with minimal effort .
Learn more about the English Toy Spaniel : Health issues and temperament
# 2 : Basset Hound
EL : 1/5 ER : 1/5 P : 1/5 CT : 3/5 HT : 3/
5
The Basset Hound is one of the most good natured and easygoing of breeds .
They do need daily exercise to keep fit , but these requirement can be satisfied with a short walk or indoor game .
Do keep in mind though , that the Basset would rather be relaxing !
Learn more about the Basset Hound : Health issues and temperament
# 1 : Pekingese
EL : 1/5 ER : 1/5 P : 1/5 CT : 3/5 HT : 1/5
Number one on our list of best indoor dogs is the devoted Pekingese .
The Pekingese enjoys a leisurely walk outdoors , but is equally happy with a romp inside .
It is very sensitive to hot weather , and can easily die of heat prostration .
Therefore , it is recommended that your home be air conditioned if you decide to adopt this breed .
It can spend time outdoors in cool weather , but should sleep inside .
The Pekingese is the ideal apartment dog .
Learn more about the Pekingese : Health issues and temperament
Copyright 2006 - 2011 PetMedsOnline .
Org
What DON'T We Have In Our Store For Dogs ?
Not much !
Find everything from basic grooming items to high tech devices designed for pets in our online store !
Dog Breed Health
What diseases and conditions are hereditary in my dog 's breed ?
Is my dog vulnerable ?
Russia : Attacking Iran is attacking us Russia : Attacking Iran is attacking us
Iran and Russia have agreed on plans to quash Washington 's relentless drive towards launching an attack on Iran .
Discussions took place during Russian President Vladimir Putin 's recent visit to Tehran , according to the Asia Times .
Putin held a face - to - face meeting with Leader of the Islamic Revolution , Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei , where the agreement was finalized .
According to a high - level diplomatic source in Tehran , the Supreme Leader and the Russian president essentially agreed that an American attack on Iran would be viewed by Moscow as an attack on Russia .
The two states are officially united in a strategic partnership , in which World War III is definitely not on the cards .
US Vice President , Dick Cheney , who is notorious for elevating the war rhetoric against Iran at any given opportunity , is now facing an increasingly difficult challenge in fanning the flames of war .
The US president and top US officials , who often attempt to demonize Tehran as a threat to world peace , have themselves been threatening Iran with military force over the country 's nuclear standoff with the West .
http://www.presstv.ir/detail.aspx?id...onid=351020101
" Iranians have a fine image from Russians in mind " - Ayatollah Sayed Ali Khamenei
http://www.leader.ir/langs/EN/index.php?p=news&id=3693
The Sunburn - Iran 's Awesome Nuclear Anti-Ship Missile
The Weapon That Could
Defeat The US In The Gulf
The Sunburn Missile
I was shocked when I learned the facts about these Russian - made cruise missiles .
The problem is that so many of us suffer from two common misperceptions .
The first follows from our assumption that Russia is militarily weak , as a result of the breakup of the old Soviet system .
Actually , this is accurate , but it does not reflect the complexities .
Although the Russian navy continues to rust in port , and the Russian army is in disarray , in certain key areas Russian technology is actually superior to our own .
And nowhere is this truer than in the vital area of anti-ship cruise missile technology , where the Russians hold at least a ten - year lead over the US .
The second misperception has to do with our complacency in general about missiles - as - weapons probably attributable to the pathetic performance of Saddam Hussein 's Scuds during the first Gulf war : a dangerous illusion that I will now attempt to rectify .
Many years ago , Soviet planners gave up trying to match the US Navy ship for ship , gun for gun , and dollar for dollar .
The Soviets simply could not compete with the high levels of US spending required to build up and maintain a huge naval armada .
They shrewdly adopted an alternative approach based on strategic defense .
They searched for weaknesses , and sought relatively inexpensive ways to exploit those weaknesses .
The Soviets succeeded : by developing several supersonic anti-ship missiles , one of which , the SS - N - 22 Sunburn , has been called " the most lethal missile in the world today . "
The Sunburn can deliver a 200 - kiloton nuclear payload , or : a 750 - pound conventional warhead , within a range of 100 miles , more than twice the range of the Exocet .
The Sunburn combines a Mach 2.1 speed ( two times the speed of sound ) with a flight pattern that hugs the deck and includes " violent end maneuvers " to elude enemy defenses .
The missile was specifically designed to defeat the US Aegis radar defense system .
Should a US Navy Phalanx point defense somehow manage to detect an incoming Sunburn missile , the system has only seconds to calculate a fire solution not enough time to take out the intruding missile .
The US Phalanx defense employs a six - barreled gun that fires 3,000 depleted - uranium rounds a minute , but the gun must have precise coordinates to destroy an intruder " just in time . "
http://www.rense.com/general59/theSu...ansawesome.htm
The Sunburn - Iran 's Russian Missile Could Destroy US Ships
The missile was specifically designed to defeat the US Aegis radar defense system .
A single one of these missiles can sink a large warship , yet costs considerably less than a fighter jet .
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/stopiranwar/message/98
Iran and Russia have agreed on plans to quash Washington 's relentless drive towards launching an attack on Iran .
Discussions took place during Russian President Vladimir Putin 's recent visit to Tehran , according to the Asia Times .
Putin held a face - to - face meeting with Leader of the Islamic Revolution , Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei , where the agreement was finalized .
The two states are officially united in a strategic partnership , in which World War III is definitely not on the cards .
US Vice President , Dick Cheney , who is notorious for elevating the war rhetoric against Iran at any given opportunity , is now facing an increasingly difficult challenge in fanning the flames of war .
The US president and top US officials , who often attempt to demonize Tehran as a threat to world peace , have themselves been threatening Iran with military force over the country 's nuclear standoff with the West . - Ayatollah Sayed Ali KhameneiThe Weapon That CouldDefeat The US In The GulfThe Sunburn MissileI was shocked when I learned the facts about these Russian - made cruise missiles .
The problem is that so many of us suffer from two common misperceptions .
The first follows from our assumption that Russia is militarily weak , as a result of the breakup of the old Soviet system .
Actually , this is accurate , but it does not reflect the complexities .
Although the Russian navy continues to rust in port , and the Russian army is in disarray , in certain key areas Russian technology is actually superior to our own .
The second misperception has to do with our complacency in general about missiles - as - weapons probably attributable to the pathetic performance of Saddam Hussein 's Scuds during the first Gulf war : a dangerous illusion that I will now attempt to rectify .
Many years ago , Soviet planners gave up trying to match the US Navy ship for ship , gun for gun , and dollar for dollar .
The Soviets simply could not compete with the high levels of US spending required to build up and maintain a huge naval armada .
They shrewdly adopted an alternative approach based on strategic defense .
They searched for weaknesses , and sought relatively inexpensive ways to exploit those weaknesses .
The Sunburn can deliver a 200 - kiloton nuclear payload , or : a 750 - pound conventional warhead , within a range of 100 miles , more than twice the range of the Exocet .
The missile was specifically designed to defeat the US Aegis radar defense system .
Should a US Navy Phalanx point defense somehow manage to detect an incoming Sunburn missile , the system has only seconds to calculate a fire solution not enough time to take out the intruding missile .
The US Phalanx defense employs a six - barreled gun that fires 3,000 depleted - uranium rounds a minute , but the gun must have precise coordinates to destroy an intruder " just in time .
" The missile was specifically designed to defeat the US Aegis radar defense system .
A single one of these missiles can sink a large warship , yet costs considerably less than a fighter jet .
For $ 1 billion over the next 40 years , the U.S. could develop 100 gigawatts ( a gigawatt equals one billion watts ) of electricity generation that emits no air pollution and pumps out power to the grid even more reliably than coal - fired power plants , according to scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Now Google.org — the charitable wing of the search engine giant — has chipped in nearly $ 11 million for this renewable resource : so - called geothermal power , or tapping the Earth 's heat to make electricity .
That makes Google.org the largest funder of enhanced geothermal research in the country , outspending the U.S. government .
The Australian government has pledged $ 43.5 million for such projects and already has several in the works , as do Europe and Japan .
But no such advanced geothermal plants are online in the U.S. at present , and may not be for many years to come .
No one has successfully completed all the steps — or demonstrated all the technologies — needed to drill deep beneath the surface , fracture the rock , pump water or other fluids down into the ground to absorb the interior heat , and then bring it to the surface .
Once topside , the hot water can be used to make steam to turn turbines and produce electricity .
" We think we can open up fractures , that 's not a problem .
You can certainly drill wells and directionally .
You can convert the hot water into steam , " says chemical engineer Jefferson Tester of M.I.T. , who co-authored a report detailing the promise of so - called enhanced geothermal systems ( EGS ) .
" It gets down to good well connectivity . "
" The fireball that sits within the Earth is a resource , " said geothermal evangelist Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson , president of Iceland , a country now largely heated and powered by the Earth 's heat , at the Geothermal Development and Finance Workshop on July 23 in New York City .
" We walk on it , we sleep on it , we work on it ; the question is : How do we harness it ? "
Google.org hopes that Sausalito , Calif . –based AltaRock Energy can begin to develop the answer with the $ 6.25 million it is investing in the company .
The challenge is steep for such power - producing technology .
That is because rather than relying on areas where Earth 's heat comes close to the surface — such as The Geysers geothermal formation in California and similar resources that provide nearly 3,000 megawatts of power at present in the U.S. —
AltaRock and companies like it would actually drill deep into the Earth , fracture the subterranean rock to create a reservoir , and then pump fluid through the repository to capture the surrounding geothermal heat .
" The geology is very important , " says Paul Thomsen , public policy manager for conventional geothermal outfit , Ormat Technologies in Reno , Nev . " The deeper you drill , the more expensive it is .
Geology brings magma and heat closer to the surface in the western U.S.
If we could drill deeper , then we could move east . "
Mastering said drilling is why Google.org also invested $ 4 million into Potter Drilling , a Redwood City , Calif. , enterprise built from EGS drilling work done at Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico during the last oil crisis in the 1970s .
As it stands , the oil and gas industry routinely drills wells of more than 18,000 feet — nearly 3.5 miles , or 5.5 kilometers — which would " essentially unlock the entire country " to produce geothermal power , said Dan Reicher , director for climate change and energy initiatives at Google.org and former assistant secretary of energy for energy efficiency and renewable energy at the U.S. Department of Energy , at the same conference .
But that also means that would - be geothermal companies are competing with the flush oil and gas industry for drilling rigs .
" There are roughly 1,900 drilling rigs in the U.S. , " added Lou Capuano of ThermaSource , another geothermal drilling outfit , at the conference .
" Seven , maybe up to 11 now , are geothermal . "
And , even if the rigs become available , it remains unclear just exactly what is lurking where under the surface .
Maps for geothermal potential have not been updated since 1974 despite more than a million new oil and gas wells in the interim offering more data .
So Google.org is also giving $ 489,521 to Southern Methodist University 's Geothermal Laboratory to update the resource maps .
" EGS is not for tomorrow , " adds Lucien Bronicki , Ormat 's co-founder and chief technology officer .
" You have to reduce the cost of drilling to be able to go deep .
You have to improve the efficiency of the pumps so you do n't lose too much electricity pumping water around . "
But for Google , one of the world 's largest consumers of energy for its endlessly multiplying data centers , access to a googol 's worth of clean energy is quite appealing .
" EGS is a very exciting opportunity , " Reichert adds .
" We have a long way to go to bring it to commercial reality . "
There is a new and great opportunity for fellow LGBT bloggers and citizen journalists with a commitment towards advancing the cause and furthering the online presence of LGBT voices , reporters , and activists .
The LGBT Blogger and Citizen Journalist Initiative the first of its kind is made by possible by the generous contribution of philanthropist Jonathan Lewis .
Mike Rogers , of blogActive.com who is leading this groundbreaking program , is seeking participants for the forum .
Participants receive round - trip flights to D.C. , hotel accommodations and free meals .
This event gives new and upcoming bloggers within the community an opportunity to network with high profile bloggers like Mike Rogers , Pam Spaulding , as well as major organizations like the Human Rights Campaign , and the Gay & Lesbian Victory Fund .
December 5 - 7 2008
Washington , D.C .
More information is available at bloggerinitiative.com .
Americans have different ways of saying things .
They say ' elevator ' , we say ' lift ' ... they say ' President ' , we say ' stupid psychopathic git ' ....
. : Alexi Sayle :.
If you confront the Universe with good intentions in your heart it will reflect that and reward your intent ... usually ...
It just does n't always do it in the way you expect .
. : G'kar :.
So there , we have figured it out , go back to bed America , your government has figured out how it all transpired .
Go back to bed America , your government is in control again .
Here , here 's American Gladiators .
Watch this , shut up .
Go back to bed America , here 's American Gladiators .
Here 's 56 channels of it .
Watch these pituitary retards bang their fuckin skulls together and congratulate you on living in the land of freedom .
Here you go America , you are free ... to do as we tell you .
. : Bill Hicks :.
Let there be no doubt that the people of the free world are engaged in a war ...
In the next few years , we are either going to see the people of the free world rise up against these fascists , now setting the stage for global war , or we are going to see the end of democracy as we know it with martial law the end result .
. : David Shayler :.
Nothing will end war unless the people themselves refuse to go to war .
. : Albert Einstein :.
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
Sinowal infects victims ' computers without leaving any trace
The details of about 500,000 online bank accounts and credit and debit cards have been stolen by a virus described as " one of the most advanced pieces of crimeware ever created " .
The Sinowal trojan has been tracked by RSA , which helps to secure networks in Fortune 500 companies .
RSA said the trojan virus has infected computers all over the planet .
" The effect has been really global with over 2000 domains compromised , " said Sean Brady of RSA 's security division .
He told the BBC : " This is a serious incident on a very noticeable scale and we have seen an increase in the number of trojans and their variants , particularly in the States and Canada . "
The RSA 's Fraud Action Research Lab said it first detected the Windows Sinowal trojan in Feb 2006 .
Since then , Mr Brady said , more than 270,000 banking accounts and 240,000 credit and debit cards have been compromised from financial institutions in countries including the US , UK , Australia and Poland .
Security companies recommend that PC owners keep anti-virus programs up to date and regularly scan their machine for malicious software .
The lab said no Russian accounts were hit by Sinowal .
" Drive - by downloads " RSA described Sinowal as " one of the most serious threats to anyone with an internet connection " because it works behind the scenes using a common infection method known as " drive - by downloads " . "
Sinowal has been constantly updated with new variants Users can get infected without knowing if they visit a website that has been booby - trapped with the Sinowal malicious code .
Mr Brady said the worrying aspect about Sinowal , which is also known as Torpig and Mebroot , is that it has been operating for so long .
" One of the key points of interest about this particular trojan is that it has existed for two and a half years quietly collecting information , " he said .
" Any IT professional will tell you it costs a lot to maintain and to store the information it is gathering .
" The group behind it have made sure to invest in the infrastructure no doubt because the return and the potential return is so great . "
RSA 's researchers said the trojan 's creators periodically release new variants to ensure it stays ahead of detection and maintain " its uninterrupted grip on infected computers . "
While RSA 's lab has been tracking the trojan since 2006 , Mr Brady admitted that they know a lot about its design and infrastructure but little about who is behind Sinowal .
" There is a lot of talk about where it comes from and anecdotal evidence points to Russia and Eastern Europe .
Historically there have been connections with an online gang connected to the Russian Business Network but in reality no one knows for sure . "
That he said is because the group is able to use the web to cloak its identity .
Infection
In April 2007 , researchers at Google discovered hundreds of thousands of web pages that initiated drive - by downloads .
It estimated that one in ten of the 4.5 million pages it analysed were suspect .
Sophos researchers reported in 2008 it was finding more than 6,000 newly infected web pages every day , or about one every 14 seconds .
Since May , Sinowal has compromised over 100,000 online bank accounts RSA 's fraud action team said it noticed a spike in attacks from March through to September this year .
That is backed up by another online security company called Fortinet .
It said from July 2008 to September 2008 the number of reported attacks rose from 10 m to 30 m .
This included trojans , viruses , malware , phishing and mass mailings .
" The explosion in the number of attacks is alarming , " said Derek Manky of Fortinet .
" But trojans are just one of the players in the game wreaking havoc in cyberspace . "
Remedies
While attacks are on the increase , there are some simple steps that users can take to protect their information besides using security software .
" We have a saying here which is ' think before you link , ' " said Mr Manky .
" That just means observe where you are going on the web .
Be wary of clicking on anything in a high traffic site like social networks .
" A lot of traffic in the eyes of cyber criminals means these sites are a target because to these people more traffic means more money , " he said .
The rate at which Sinowal has been compromising online bank accounts RSA also urged users to be wary if their bank started asking for different forms of authentication such as a social security number or other details .
" People think not clicking on a pop up or an attachment means they are safe .
What people do n't realise now is that just visiting a website is good enough to infect them . "
RSA said it is co-operating with banks and financial institutions the world over to tell them about Sinowal .
It has passed information about the virus to law enforcement agencies .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Understanding Real America in Wasilla
After a few days in Wasilla , Jason Jones understands what real America is all about .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Haiti faces a " catastrophe " after being hit by a series of storms in recent weeks , President Rene Preval has said .
Three storms in less than 21 days have killed more than 200 people , Haitian officials say .
A UN official says 600,000 people may need help because of flooding caused by Tropical Storm Hanna , which has caused the deaths of 136 people .
Mr Preval warned that Hanna could prove even more deadly than Hurricane Jeanne , which killed more than 3,000 in 2004 .
Hanna swirled over Haiti for four days , dumping massive amounts of rain , blowing down fruit trees and swamping tin-roofed houses .
Massive need
The port city of Gonaives bore the brunt of the storm , with thousands of people seeking shelter on rooftops and balconies .
A team from the American Red Cross flew over Gonaives
Enlarge Image
" There is no food , no water , no clothes , " Arnaud Dumas , a pastor at a Gonaives church , told the Associated Press .
" I want to know what I 'm supposed to do .
We have n't found anything to eat in two , three days .
Nothing at all . "
The UN co-ordinator for humanitarian aid in Haiti , Joel Boutroue told the BBC : " We 're already facing a lot of difficulty trying to respond .
" In Gonaives alone we have some 70,000 people in shelters , and around 250,000 around Gonaives City need our assistance and that of the government , and throughout the country I would say around up to 600,000 people might require our assistance . "
An AP reporter in the city said safe drinking water was in very short supply , and fetid carcasses of drowned farm animals were strewn in soupy floodwaters .
Help was arriving in the area , with UN troops picking people from rooftops and Spain announcing that a planeload of aid was being flown in from Panama .
But floodwaters were frustrating efforts to distribute food , the UN said .
The British Red Cross announced it was launching an appeal , saying the needs of Haiti were " massive " .
Red Cross workers were also helping residents of the Turks and Caicos Islands , north of Haiti , rebuild after Hanna ripped through there on Monday .
" Our volunteers have been supporting the shelters here with food and shelter management , transporting people to hospital , and handing out tarpaulins to help keep roofs on , " said the organisation 's Clive Evans , on the islands .
" There are abandoned cars everywhere , overturned boats , uprooted trees , downed power lines and flooded roads . "
US prepares for storm Earlier , Mr Preval said he would hold emergency talks with donor countries to appeal for aid .
Gonaives was battered with winds of 100 km /h ( 65 mph ) , leaving people on rooftops screaming for help as floods reached depths of 2 m ( 6.5 ft ) .
In pictures : Haiti floods Eyewitness : Haiti's ordeals Warming boosts strongest storms
At 0300 GMT on Friday , Hanna was about 250 km ( 155 miles ) east of the Florida coastline and moving north - west , the US National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) said .
There are fears it could become a hurricane by the time it hits land along the US coast on Saturday , but the storm 's uncertain path means officials are holding off ordering an evacuation .
However , a hurricane watch is in place in North and South Carolina .
Some residents of those states have already moved boats and booked inland hotel rooms .
Separately , storm Ike has strengthened rapidly into an extremely powerful Category Four hurricane in the open Atlantic , the NHC says .
However , it says it is too early to determine if Ike poses any threat to land .
Haiti was first drenched by Tropical Storm Fay , before Hurricane Gustav wreaked havoc last week , with torrential rainfall over heavily deforested and hilly terrain causing floods and mudslides .
Click to return
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Starting a business is definitely one of the goals that most of us are hoping to achieve in this life .
The truth of the matter is that there are plenty of ways to go about it .
What most accomplished entrepreneurs can attest to is the fact that there are no shortcuts about it .
Thanks to modern day methods , this is going to be an exciting adventure .
For instance , there are p[lenty of reference materials including books .
You just have to make sure that the ones you settle for are certified .
Teamwork Always Win
As much as this might be a cause that only one person will understand , you will definitely need all the help that you can get .
It could be in the form of reading material or even the sites that have been established .
However , you need to be very sensitive about the kind of sources that you trust .
Not all the information you read online is guaranteed to be credible .
It is entirely up to you to get your act together and find what ’s best for your upcoming entrepreneurship vision .
You are better off when you track down the ones that can be of use to your organization .
Once you do , you are assured of a successful takeoff in the long run .
The Orderly Way
There is so much to be learned in the field of business .
The step to start a business can only be a smooth one when you have all the guidelines close by .
After all , most leading entrepreneurs have gone through a series of blueprints that have seen them soar to the greatest heights .
Most of them come in various shapes and sizes , and we could n’t be happier .
All the more reason why we are encouraged to read more books .
It gets even better if they are themed on entrepreneurship .
On the bright side , you can even get just as much especially when you get your facts right .
The repercussions are dire when you get all your information wrong .
This is less likely to happen when you are more keen on the same .
Your Benefits
Now that most of us are in it to win it , you might as well familiarize yourself with the benefits that await you .
One of them is the fact that you get to learn about unique strategies that will be of help to your initiative .
After all , life is all about lessons , and this just happens to be one of them .
The benefit lies in the fact that knowledge is the power that you need to get in the right direction .
This becomes even more fun when all your sources are deemed credible and verified .
Having knowledge of what you are supposed to do should give you all the confidence that you need .
Even better , backup is another benefit that most of us are yet to get used to .
Though we have different views on how backup works , it really helps .
ANCHORAGE , Alaska ( CNN ) -- Republican campaign officials indicated they are done answering questions about an investigation into Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's firing of her public safety commissioner Tuesday , citing a request by a state investigator .
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin is being investigated for the possibly improper firing of a state official .
" He has asked to keep things confidential , so we will respect those wishes , " campaign spokeswoman Meg Stapleton told reporters .
Palin has dropped an earlier pledge to cooperate with a probe by the state Legislature , with aides arguing it has been " tainted " by partisan politics since she became Sen.
John McCain 's running mate .
But Stapleton said Palin 's lawyers have agreed to " general parameters of immediate cooperation " with the investigation she requested from the state Personnel Board , which has hired Anchorage lawyer Timothy Petumenos to conduct the inquiry .
" The governor waived confidentiality , and Mr. Petumenos has just stated as of this moment that he would like for things to remain confidential , " Stapleton said .
" So that is why we are telling you as of today , we are no longer going to be discussing aspects of this as directed by Mr. Petumenos . "
Stapleton said Petumenos -- a registered Democrat -- has pledged to run a " fair and impartial " investigation .
She said Palin 's staff is working to schedule interviews for the governor and her husband , Todd , who refused last week to comply with a subpoena issued in the legislative probe .
And Petumenos has asked for a list of documents and e-mails from her lawyer , she said .
" This governor cannot wait for her story to be told , " Stapleton said .
Asked why the governor did not air that story publicly , she said , " We are working with her schedule right now . "
Monegan says he was fired after he refused to fire the governor 's ex-brother - in - law , a state trooper who was involved in an acrimonious divorce from Palin 's sister .
Palin has denied any wrongdoing , telling Fox News last week that Monegan was " insubordinate " in disputes over budget issues .
The Legislature 's inquiry is scheduled to be completed by October 10 .
The state senator managing the probe , Anchorage Democrat Hollis French , has been under fire since a September 2 interview with ABC News in which he said the inquiry could lead to an " October surprise " for the GOP ticket .
No date has been set for completing the personnel board probe , which Palin 's campaign argues is the proper legal venue for the investigation .
Under state law , those investigations can take as long as two years .
Campaign spokesman Ed O'Callaghan said he believed Petumenos would act in " an expedited manner , " but that results may not emerge before the November elections .
" If that is concluded before the election , so be it .
If that is concluded after the election , so be it , " he said .
O'Callaghan , a former federal prosecutor brought in by the McCain campaign , said it was " frankly irresponsible " for investigators to set a deadline .
But a leading Republican lawmaker told CNN that the legislative investigation into Monegan 's firing needs to go ahead despite the increasingly heated opposition of the campaign .
Rep. Jay Ramras , the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee , said Tuesday that he still has confidence in the special counsel hired by the state Legislature and said there was " zero chance " that efforts to shut down the probe would succeed .
" There 's no question the report is going to be produced , " he said .
" There is a question of which folks will participate in it and which ones wo n't . "
For more than a week , Stapleton and O'Callaghan have held routine " truth squad " press conferences to criticize French and accuse Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama 's campaign of attempting to manipulate the probe .
Ramras discounted the criticism as a result of national politics .
" The hyperbole from the truth squad is a little farfetched , " he said .
" To those of us who have monitored this thing from the front - row seats , it 's a misnomer . "
Stapleton said she had no comment on Ramras ' remarks .
Ramras said he is supporting the McCain - Palin ticket , though he and Palin have clashed on other issues .
His committee concurred with the September 12 decision to issue subpoenas to Todd Palin and a dozen others , and the swing vote in issuing those subpoenas was a state senator he described as " a conservative , pro-life Republican . "
" We all took an oath of office , and this is an important report to come out , " he said .
-- CNN's Matt Smith and Tracy Sabo contributed to this report .
All About Sarah Palin • Alaska • Todd Palin • John McCain
July 20 , 2020 | Actively Discussing Asset Purchase Agreements for Going - Concern Sales of the Cementing Business and Portions of the Fracturing Business ...
July 20 , 2020 | Court filings and other information related to the Chapter 11 Process are available at a website administered by the Company 's claims agent ; www.donlinrecano.com/bjs.
Thousands of prisoners across the country are turning their jails into some of the most species - rich sites in the country and a newly found interest in conservation is aiding their rehabilitation .
The country 's 140 prisons include nine internationally recognised sites of special scientific interest ( SSSIs ) as well as two European special areas for conservation and an internationally important wetland .
Some of the important habitats are on land that is outside the prison walls , but in many cases threatened species such as barn owls , kingfishers , adders and slow - worms also reside at Her Majesty 's pleasure within prison grounds .
Dr Phil Thomas , sustainable development manager for the prisons estate , said the organisation is stepping up its work on biodiversity .
' It 's really paying dividends , because many SSSIs on our estate are really in good condition , ' he said .
This is partly to meet the Prison Service 's obligations under the 2006 Natural Environment and Rural Communities
Act , which requires it to consider the impact of its operations on plant and animal life .
But Thomas says the work also benefits the community and makes prisoners less likely to reoffend .
The work , which involves inmates and conservation volunteers , ranges from building bird and bat boxes to surveying bird species from cell windows and constructing purpose - built habitats , such as ponds .
The Prime Minister 's country residence , Chequers , has also benefited .
The estate recently erected a barn owl box made by inmates at Spring Hill prison near Bicester in Oxfordshire .
The country 's greenest prison is HMP North Sea Camp , thanks to the huge area of internationally important tidal wetland that surrounds it .
The prison authorities manage this land to encourage migrating wading birds such as oystercatchers and curlews and it is recognised under the international Ramsar Convention on Wetlands as internationally important .
The thousands of acres of salt marsh outside the prison walls also serve as a deterrent to any would - be escapees .
' It 's a natural barrier .
Where would you go ? ' said Thomas .
The Observer was granted exclusive access to two prisons , Spring Hill and Bullingdon , both near Bicester , to see the greening programme in action .
Bullingdon , which houses the full range of offenders from thieves to murderers , encourages prisoners to get involved in conservation .
Last year inmates made more than 700 bird boxes from scrap wood for the prison grounds and sites managed by the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds .
They are now working on an order for 250 more .
' It 's amazing what you can do when you 've got enough time , ' said Richard , a sex offender who is serving a nine - year sentence .
' It 's a lot better than doing nothing .
We get a very minimal wage , but we are very self - motivated and enjoy what we do , ' he added .
' It does pass the time a lot quicker if you are out here busy , rather than sitting brooding in your cell . '
Prisoners are paid an average of £ 9.60 a week .
The thought of prisoners enjoying their work , however beneficial for the environment , runs counter to many people 's views of what punishment should be , according to Lyn Costello of Mothers Against Murder and Aggression , a victim support group .
' A lot of the families we deal with want to see them on bread and water and locked up 24 hours a day , but it 's not going to work .
We must n't go too far over the line where we start making it a joy for people , but we do live in a supposedly civilised society and we have to think about rehabilitation , ' she said .
Prison authorities insist that the work helps inmates to recover a sense of self - worth and appreciate that there is a life beyond crime .
' At the end of the day , with everything we are doing in the conservation biodiversity world , if we get one that does n't reoffend we 've succeeded , ' said Stuart Jenkins , head of facilities at HMP Bullingdon .
Jenkins said the programme costs virtually nothing because the prisoners mostly use recycled materials .
The prisoners and staff also contributed to the RSPB 's Big Bird Watch , spotting 25 species inside and outside the walls .
Outside Bullingdon 's towering , 8 m - high grey concrete walls there is an incongruous sight .
The rows of lights trained on the outside of the wall are not mounted on barren land , but on a traditional English meadow that in the summer bristles with wildflowers - including endangered bee orchids .
Beyond this is a strip of woodland dotted with tranquil glades that is home to nightingales and muntjac deer .
Here Jenkins has found patches of eggs laid by brown hairstreak butterflies , a threatened species .
This season he monitored their breeding success along with conservation volunteers from the Upper Thames Butterfly Group .
Rather than numbering the hatchlings , he named them after prisons , such as Scrubs , Wandsworth and San Quentin , the infamous Californian jail .
Although inmates cannot visit the prison 's natural haven outside the wall , they do contribute to its upkeep .
This year they constructed bee hives to provide pollinators for the wildflower meadow .
Jenkins said the honey has proved a big hit with prison officers and visitors , who snap it up for £ 2 a jar .
' We took 21 lb off of one hive .
It was gone within an hour , ' he said .
Spring
Hill is an open prison where prisoners , most of whom are nearing the end of their sentences , have more freedom to move around the grounds .
They have dug two ponds to encourage freshwater species such as kingfishers and newts , and they have a pair of barn owls breeding in a specially constructed box mounted on a disused fence post .
The land around is managed to encourage barn owl prey , such as voles .
Prize - winning gardens
Leyhill Open Prison in Gloucestershire , situated between the Cotswolds and Vale of Berkeley , has extensive grounds .
It has regularly won plaudits at the RHS Chelsea Flower Show , and , when winning gold for its ' Time , The Healer ' garden , the prison made headlines and found itself the subject of the 2000 film Greenfingers , starring Clive Owen and Helen Mirren .
Around 75 inmates work on its 55 hectares of farmland and gardens , which include extensive ornamental grounds .
There is also a nationally important arboretum run with the Forestry Commission which is often open to the public .
Horticulture is run on commercial lines , with salad and vegetables sent to supply other prisons .
The Elements of Home
Studio Audio Mastering
How to use software processors to finalize your mix
Though the picture shows Logic setup for mastering , you can achieve this with Cubase , Sonar , Performer or others just as easily .
E veryone wants the best sound quality .
That is perhaps one of the only statements we can make about " everyone " involved in music production that always holds true .
Think about all the issues we have covered : 16 vs. 24 bit , digital audio converters , analog vs. digital , which monitors ?
mics ?
which sequencer ?
Its all about the sound .
For many of us , it is akin to a Search for the Holy Grail .
How do we get that million dollar sound ?
You should know by now that your material must be good .
You can polish a piece of audio garbage .
You can add sugar to it , put it in a shiny cellophane wrapper , but hey , do n't ask me to listen to it ! :)
You know that to capture good sound you have to have decent mics and preamps and a clean recording chain .
You know you have to mix your tracks in a way to make the project sound listenable and enjoyable .
Now lets go to the final stage , and it is here where you need to pay attention to mastering processors like those in the UAD - 1 from universal audio , Waves bundles , and Izotope 's Ozone .
Let me say up front that I am not a mastering engineer .
I am a composer and sound developer , and as the latter , I try every tool I have and tweak it to find new sounds .
That 's basically what a tweakhead does :)
But as I have played with hardware and software processors , finalizing everything form tiny samples that last a tenth of a second to my own epic pieces , I have learned a few things .
Mastering , or finalizing , is the last stage of the process of making audio .
It is the final high resolution version of the production , the one from which you will spin off red book copies for cd and mp3 files for the internet .
When you have a great , not just a good , song you hear the advice to get it mastered professionally .
Dude , do it .
They have the gear , a specially treated room , and excellent monitors that most of us could not afford .
Plus it is always a good idea to have another set of ears that can listen to the piece more objectively .
But for many of us who have yet to discover our magnum opus , we may want to try our own hand at it , to make the cd for friends sound better , or to make the demos we hand out sound great .
Or you may be a working towards becoming a sound designer , or building material for radio shows , or as an indie film composer who has to produces volumes of material so fast that mastering is out of the question .
Thanks to developments in plugin technology over the past few years , we can now turn our computers into home mastering labs .
While the result will not match that of an experienced mastering engineer with tens of thousands of dollars worth of hardware , with practice and a good ear you will be able to dramatically improve your production .
Getting Started
You may already be doing your own form of home mastering .
Are you adding compressors , EQs , and limiters after your mix ?
Then you are .
Develop 2 listening environments .
The first is obviously in your studio room where your computer is .
The second should be in a good sized comfortable room where the speakers are farther away , a living room , with its average home audio components , can work .
This gives you a reference outside your studio .
Speakers that are 8 - 10 feet away and interacting with the room will sound immensely different than those in your control room that are 4 - 5 feet away .
One goal is to get the audio sounding good on both .
Software file formats
Your mix should have ended with an uncompressed stereo file , ideally at high resolution , without any dither .
Use 24 bit depth , and if you can during the rendering of the mix , go to a 88.2 or 96 kHz sample rate ( or higher if your gear and software supports it ) .
This lets you start with a high quality format which we will retain for the final master .
You might consider using the same software in some circumstances .
If you did the mix in Cubase , you could master there too .
Same for Logic and Sonar .
If you are going to use a different application , like Sound forge on the PC or Sound track pro or Peak on the Mac , just make sure the mix 's file format is compatible .
No modern application should have trouble with a 24/96 .wav or .aif file .
Most software will let you work in similar ways .
Essentially you have a mixer strip for the file and an output strip for the master out .
On the output strip is where your basic processors go , chained in a series in a definite order .
Note the meters from Logic illustrating the basic mastering setup .
I made this simple for the sake of illustrating the basic concept .
The file plays through its mixer channel without any processors here .
You could add them , but you risk overloading that channel , which you do n't want to do .
The output channel strip is where the processors go , and they always end with a limiter of the " brick wall " type .
This kind of limiter will not let audio pass into the red no matter how hard it is pushed .
Indeed , this allows you to get your tracks up to commercial volume levels .
Loudness
Note in the example , the mix is down significantly , nowhere near the top of the scale .
It peaked at .09 , but its average level is well below .
Note how after going through the 3 plugins the audio is slamming against the ceiling at 0.1 , and if I wanted I could set the limiter to - 0.05 .
There is your loudness .
If I stick that in my CD player I am as loud as any commercial cd .
Not so easy .
The example in reality sounds like garbage , because I just flattened all the dynamics out of the mix First we see the audio file before limiting .
And now we see it after limiting .
Look at how squashed it is .
But none of that material ever overshoots 0db , so it technically has no errors .
That 's an example of what not to do .
Of course we know that is the first thing you will try with your new software limiter , so go ahead , do it till you get sick of that sound .
With a limiter you can have your audio end up anywhere between the two extremes , its really a matter of how much you dial in .
You actually make a decision here , based on everything you know about what sounds good .
Below you see the UAD Precision Limiter , in my opinion , the best one out there in the software realm that a home studio owner may aspire to .
This is a very conservative setting from one of my actual masters at a random point in time .
Notice I increased the gain by 3db , which makes the whole mix 3 db louder .
I have the output set to - 0.10 so it will never go over that .
You see the gain reduction meter pegged at 0.50 which means I would have gone over by that much without the limiter .
At that setting , the audio is indistinguishable from the mix , its just louder and only a tiny bit of the dynamics was lost .
Yet that is another extreme .
For most pop type songs you want to end up between the two and you choose by ear ( not by waveform display ) .
For a classical piece you want to be more conservative .
For death metal you might like the sound of supreme squash .
The more limiting you add , the louder the quietest parts of the mix will be -- at the extreme all parts will be loud .
Newbies often ask for the perfect setting for a limiter .
There it is , somewhere in between the 2 extremes I presented .
Tonal Balance
But loudness is only one aspect to mastering audio .
Its the easy one .
Things get more complicated when we get into the tonal balance of the piece , which is effected by equalization or EQ .
Here you " shape " the mix into final form and can correct problems with it that might make it unlistenable under some conditions .
It here where you need to put in hours of experimentation to learn to use this tool .
EQ at the mastering stage can drastically change the song 's aural imprint .
They allow you to select the bands you wish to modify and raise and lower the volume of those bands .
The bands can be as narrow or as wide as you need them to be , from very wide gentle boosts or cuts to very narrow slices that are boosted or removed .
Buzzwords .
By boosting or cutting the bands on your equalizers , you can make your sound more or less " airy " ( 16 khz ) , " bright " ( 3 - 10 k Hz ) " harsh " ( which is excessive brightness ) " edgy " and " brittle " ( 2 - 6 k ) " sweet " ( a slight but wide cut at 2 - 8 k ) , " warm " ( slight upper bass boost and slight 4 k cut ) .
You can make your mix sound " thin " by reducing an wide band of frequencies from around 200- 400 hz and make it " thick " by increasing those .
If you increase it too much you 'll have a " muddy " mix .
Your bass can go from " missing " to " buried " to " solid " , " fat " , " boomy " depending on how you set the low frequency controls .
Can any EQ work ?
To some extent yes , but overall , for best results , you need excellent plugin eqs .
Some software eqs are best for the tracking stage .
At the mastering stage they will make the sound worse .
Mastering EQs are usually phase compensated .
Some may upsample the audio to high resolution , alter the sound , then downsample back to help prevent distortion and digital artifacts from creeping in .
The first example is the Cambridge EQ from the UAD - 1 collection .
Above you see a gentle curve applied to one of my mixes .
Notice the bass roll - off starting at 50 Hz removing subsonic frequencies .
The bass then is slightly boosted for 60 - 80 H z then there is a slight dip @ 400hz .
The high end starts rolling downward gently to give a smoother more ear friendly result .
The signal is gently " nudged " and " shaved " into place .
The Cambridge is great for those getting started , due not only to its sound , but to the great graphic display .
To get started finalizing your work it 's essential that you have an audio graph deeply burned in your brain and know what each band sounds like when boosted or cut .
You also need to know what sounds bad at different frequencies so you can back out quick when its artifacts start to appear .
Every bandwidth , boosted to extreme , sounds wretched .
Here is another example using the UAD Precision Equalizer with a focused setting .
Note , in this example , I want to brighten the whole mix .
Notice a fairly narrow boost at 68 hz for bass then a dramatic 4db cut at 315 Hz .
The treble bands at 4 k is barely touched and at 17 k the amplitude is actually cut 1 db .
Yet the mix is much brighter thanks to eliminating a whole lot ( 4db ! ) of muddy frequencies at a relatively narrow band around 315 Hz .
Just with that control alone I can make the mix lighter or heavier sounding .
So which do you dial in ?
Perhaps that is the hardest part -- deciding which you like the best .
Perhaps my favorite EQ is the Pultec EQP1A for the UAD .
It has a pleasing sound that you notice within 10 seconds of twiddling its dials the first time .
It can be used tracking too , and is a great enhancer for just about any instrument , and lovely on vocals .
It has the amazing ability to both boost and cut at the same frequency , which at first may sound crazy , but has many applications .
On the left you have bass controls and on the right you have treble .
The attenuator dials in your roll offs for the high and low end .
Here you see bass boosted at 60 Hz and everything under that is rolled off .
The treble is boosted at 8kHZ , something that results in harshness on other eqs -- but not on the Pultec !
That makes it a must - have .
Compression
Compression is another tool the mastering engineer uses to bring out the flavor of audio .
Used effectively , compression can smooth out the piece .
It raises the volume of the softer sounds and reduces the level of the louder ones , to make them all more uniform to the ear .
Setting the attack and release of the compressor can yield a pleasing sense of dynamics that can set the whole mix in motion where all the instruments sound like they are on the beat and surging forward in the groove ( even when they may not be ) .
The loudest element of the mix that the attack segment " captures " will trigger the subsequent gain reduction .
The decay will determine how long that reduction will last and the audio will rise again in volume till the next loud trigger comes through and starts the cycle all over gain .
Mastering engineers tend to love compressors as each has a different sonic imprint on material .
Another type of compression used at the mastering phase is a multi- band compressor .
This is a processor that works to both tonally balance the piece by breaking up the audio bandwidth into 3 or more bands and having a separate compressor for each .
The Waves Linear Phase Multiband has 5 bands that are totally user definable .
This is a dangerously powerful tool .
It 's quite easy to ruin a mix you worked months on with it .
The MB compressor can do major surgery on your mix when used with care .
You can dial in different compression ( or expansion ) settings for each band till it does what you want it to do .
These are settings I discovered on a fast trance like song to bring out more punch in the lower region and create a sharply defined edgy high end that was deeply buried in the original .
Now that those frequencies are alive I can add other processors to smooth it out .
The Multiband compressor usually goes early in the chain and may be followed by a smoothing eq and a rounder compressor .
I could have used the low bass band to roll - off the bass , but here I wanted to accentuate a clean subwoofer " thump " , so i will have to follow this with something to roll off the subsonic bass .
The Order of Processors in the Plugin Chain
There is really only one rule .
The brickwall limiter has to be at the end to prevent any " overs " from occurring .
Otherwise the order is determined by your goals for the piece you are mastering .
Mastering engineers earn their pay not just because they know how to set up the machines , but because of their experience in assessing the overall mix 's strengths and weaknesses and then being able to develop a plan of attack to remove or reduce the weaknesses while maintaining or enhancing the mix 's strengths .
You add a processor when there is a reason and need to do so .
You might not need to add eq if the mixdown engineer had the troublesome frequencies under control , or you might have to surgically remove an irritating frequency .
Rather than ask a question which has no absolute answer , why not experiment by changing the order in your plugin chain a few times .
How did it work when eq was put before compression ?
Vice versa ?
Now you are gaining experience .
The End of the Session
By using your ears and your knowledge of what each processor may provide , you begin to develop strategies for making the master shine .
The session ends when you have decided you have achieved this .
Often that is a hard decision !
When is done , " done " !
Mastering audio is about listening and making decisions .
Its your ability to listen carefully , knowing what tool to apply and when , and a strong internal sense of what good sound is that leads to a successful session .
An interaction of ear and mind .
We all want good sound .
As you master your work , you have a shot a defining what that means , not only for others , but more importantly , for yourself .
May your audio shine ,
Tweak
Go to the Next Class
Go to the Previous Class
This book is highly recommended
Threads
Digital vs. Analog compression and limiting - ILLUSTRATED ...
Forums
The Art and Science of Mastering Audio with Massive Mastering
How does one set up their studio for mastering ?
What are some of the practices the mastering engineer follows ?
What hardware and software is needed to accomplish the task ?
Resources on Mastering on the Web
Paul White 's " 20 Tips on Home Mastering "
Recommended Services
Links to our Mastering Engineer
Massive Mastering
And our Recording / Mix Engineer
Blue Bear Sound
More Articles by Tweak on Mixing
Mixing and Mastering
Choosing a Mixer for your Studio
Understanding your Mixer
Digital Mixers
Classic Analog Mixers
How to Hookup a Mixer
Guide to Control Surfaces
How to use EQ
How to Use a Compressor
Using Pan Controls
The Perfect Mix
Review of the UAD 4 k Processors
Mixing on a Virtual Console
Tascam DM3200 Resource
Mackie 8 bus Console Resources
Elements of Mastering
Mixer catalog List
McCain blows his temper without warning , red faced , hostile and angry , exhibiting deep anger and hostility toward other human beings .
John McCain said we need " a cool hand at the tiller , " but McCain has proven to be A LOOSE CANNON .
He has accosted his Congressional colleagues on both sides of the aisle on everything from the federal budget to diplomatic relations .
He is KNOWN FOR HURLING PROFANITIES rather than settling disagreements calmly .
His belligerence is legendary .
Even conservative Senator Thad Cochran of Mississippi has said , " HE IS ERRATIC .
HE IS HOTHEADED .
HE LOSES HIS TEMPER AND HE WORRIES ME . "
When someone earns the NICKNAME " SENATOR HOTHEAD " , the public ought to call his character into question .
McCain 's propensity to explode undermines his abilities as a rational decision maker , particularly on national security issues -- which could prove disastrous considering our country is already involved in two wars .
McCain 's temper is critical to his decision - making abilities , and his character must be discussed .
As Drew Westen writes , " The political brain is an emotional brain .
It is not a dispassionate calculating machine , objectively searching for the right facts , figures and policies to make a reasoned decision . "
That why it 's so crucial people know THE REAL SENATOR HOTHEAD , Click Here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAyK-enrF1g
Lance Ciepiela Social Media Pages :
Lance Ciepiela is a retired senior who had an interesting career in government service - a United States Marine Corps ( USMC ) Vietnam - Era veteran , who became interested in restoring the Constitution after I realized that W Bush had attacked ( more ... )
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
Pretty much everything you read in yesterday 's rumor posts about the Sony Vaio TT is true - the Blu-ray drive , 256 GB SSD , 2.87 - pound weight and thickness under an inch .
It also has an 11.1 - inch , LED - backlit 16:9 LCD panel , Sprint EV - DO mobile broadband , and an HDMI port that outputs at 1080 p resolution .
According to leaks collected by Sony Insider , that Sony Vaio TT I mentioned yesterday is turning …
The TT also has 2 USB ports , built - in webcam , Bluetooth and 802.11n Wi -Fi .
The TT will be available this summer in three colors - Black , Red and Champagne Gold - and starts at $ 2000 .
Models with Blu-ray start at $ 2700 , while SSD models start at $ 2750 .
[ Sony ]
SONY UNVEILS WORLD'S LIGHTEST BLU -RAY DISC NOTEBOOK
SAN DIEGO , Sept. 23 , 2008 - Sony today took the wraps off the world 's lightest computer with Blu-ray Disc™ technology - the VAIO ® TT Series notebook .
Housed in a lightweight carbon - fiber chassis , this new model weighs just 2.87 pounds and is less than 1 - inch thin .
" This engineering marvel packs the power of HD technology into an ultra- light , ultra - portable notebook , " said Mike Abary , senior vice president of VAIO product marketing at Sony Electronics .
Select models play Blu-ray Disc movies in full HD 1080 p resolution when connected to a compatible HDTV .
These units can also record , store and play back personal content on high - capacity BD media .
It features an 11.1 - inch widescreen display ( measured diagonally ) with Sony's XBRITE - DuraView ™ LCD technology , delivering 100 percent color saturation for a wide range of vibrant colors and true - to - life picture quality .
This technology also produces a brighter screen thanks to an energy - efficient white LED backlight so you can view photos in crystal - clear resolution .
The display is ideal for Blu-ray Disc movies .
Since many HD films are shot using a 16:9 aspect ratio , the unit 's extra - wide LCD is constructed with the same dimensions .
This minimizes the black bars that typically appear , letting you view movies in their intended format .
For those who prefer to watch content on a big screen television , the TT model also has an HDMI ™ output connector so you can connect it to a compatible high - definition TV for a larger viewing experience ( connector cable sold separately ) .
It is equipped with Intel® Centrino® 2 processor technology for powerful PC output and energy - conserving features that deliver long battery life .
Select VAIO TT notebooks feature a dual channel 256GB ( 128 GB X 2 ) solid state drive ( SSD ) with RAID technology .
The result is quicker boot - up times , faster application launches and overall enhanced performance .
The PC integrates wireless Wide Area Network ( WAN ) technology provided by the Sprint® Mobile Broadband Network and its latest mobile network technology , EV - DO Revision A . For this , a separate Sprint service subscription is required .
The notebook comes with the choice of Windows Vista® Home Premium , Vista Business and Vista Ultimate operating systems .
Windows ® XP Professional is also available on select models .
All models are ENERGY STAR ® 4.0 compliant , hold an EPEAT Silver ranking and incorporates such eco-conscious features as a mercury - free LED backlit LCD .
The TT model starts at $ 2,000 .
The BD version will go for about $ 2,700 , while the SSD model ( 128GB ) for around $ 2,750 .
It is available in a premium carbon black , silk black , champagne gold and crimson red .
The VAIO TT notebooks will be available online at www.sonystyle.com/pr/tt.
They will also be sold at Sony Style® stores , military base exchanges , and select retailers around the country starting this fall .
OPEC will meet early to discuss falling oil prices
Oil drops again as economic concerns trump hinted OPEC cuts
Cartel will gather next month as demand for oil keeps sinking
Crude oil fell more than $ 2 a barrel as concern that fuel demand will drop if a global recession develops outweighed signs that the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries may curb output .
Oil prices have plunged since reaching a record in July on signs that fuel demand will drop because of the weak economy .
The Federal Reserve , the European Central Bank and the Bank of England cut rates to spur an economic rebound .
OPEC said today that it will hold an emergency meeting on Nov. 18 to tackle the drop in prices .
" The main driver of the market has been concern that the global economy will contract , " said Michael Fitzpatrick , vice president for energy risk management at MF Global Ltd. in New York .
" There 's been a lot of trading on emotion because of the recent headlines . "
Crude oil for November delivery fell $ 2.37 , or 2.7 percent , to $ 86.58 a barrel at the close of floor trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
" We held at important support around $ 86 yesterday , " said Tom Bentz , senior energy analyst at BNP Paribas in New York .
" If we are able to break through , prices are going to fall to the lower $ 80s and maybe the high $ 70s . "
The U.S. , which consumes 24 percent of the world 's oil , is now in a recession , according to a Bloomberg News survey of economists .
The economy will shrink at a 0.2 percent annual pace in the third quarter and 0.8 percent in the last three months of 2008 , according to the median estimate of 52 economists surveyed Oct. 3 to Oct. 8 .
OPEC is " very likely " to cut oil production at the Nov. 18 meeting in Vienna because prices have fallen " dramatically , " the group 's president , Chakib Khelil , said today .
The group , which is responsible for more than 40 percent of global oil output , had been scheduled to meet next on Dec. 17 in Oran , Algeria .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Efforts by governments worldwide to stop a slide in financial markets have n't worked yet and the Federal Reserve and the U.S. Treasury may have to consider more dramatic measures .
This week the Fed has moved to pump potentially trillions of additional dollars into the nation 's banks and leading corporations .
And it led the way on emergency interest rate cuts by central banks around the globe Wednesday morning .
As the global selloff continues , the U.S. government is now said to be considering steps that include taking direct investments in banks , as well as guaranteeing their debt and insuring all deposits .
But experts say the Fed 's actions may not be enough to stop the global economy from plunging into the worst downturn seen in at least 25 years , if not since the Great Depression .
Even those praising the Fed say it 's not clear what it would take to calm markets .
" I think they 've been pretty inventive and pretty unrestrained , " said Tom Schlesinger , executive director of the Financial Markets Center , a think tank that follows the Fed .
" But I 'm not sure what it would take to stem the fear in the markets .
It 's such a contagious and irrational phenomenon , and feeding on itself and compounding itself day by day . "
What the Fed has already done ....
On Tuesday , the Fed unveiled a plan to lend directly to the nation 's major companies by buying up an unlimited amount of the $ 1.3 trillion in commercial paper , short - term loans that businesses use to operate day - to - day , on the market .
The Fed also announced it was doubling the size of its term auction facility , a program the Fed created last year to lend banks money for up to 85 days at a time , to $ 300 billion .
The Fed added it was prepared to boost the term auction facility to $ 900 billion by year 's end .
Despite this , banks still appear to be reluctant to lend money and stock markets around the globe have continued to fall .
On Thursday , the Dow industrials plunged nearly 700 points to a five - year low and markets worldwide plunged .
Experts say there are worries that the global economy is now sliding towards recession and that there is relatively little that the Fed or other central banks can do to stop that .
The International Monetary Fund warned Wednesday that the world 's economy will slow sharply this year and next .
" They 're looking a bit more impotent with each action , " said Lakshman Achuthan , managing director of the Economic Cycle Research Institute , about the Fed .
Achuthan said that since major banks around the world are cutting back on their lending , that dwarfs the economic muscle of the world 's central banks and governments .
But in a speech Tuesday , Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke vowed that the Fed would do whatever it takes to try to fix the credit crunch .
" To support growth and reduce the downside risks , continued efforts to stabilize the financial markets are essential , " he said .
" The Federal Reserve will continue to use the tools at its disposal to improve market functioning and liquidity . "
Experts say they do n't think Wednesday 's global rate cuts are the last steps the Fed plans to take .
And many have suggestions as to what the Fed might do to get banks in the business of lending again .
More cuts on the way ?
The first step is probably the most traditional one - further rate cuts .
According to closely watched interest rate futures , investors are pricing in an 84 % chance of another quarter point cut at the Fed 's next meeting , a two day session that concludes on Oct. 29 .
That would leave the central bank 's key fed funds rate at 1.25 % .
Many experts believe the Fed would not want to take rates below 1 % - which is where they were for 12 months in 2003 and 2004 .
Some have blamed those low rates for helping to create an environment of easy lending that contributed to the housing bubble .
Yet , the Bank of Japan 's key interest rate is already at 0.5 % .
And some argue that it would be justified for the Fed to lower rates to that level , or even to 0 % , because of current conditions .
" Why not ?
If you 're facing a situation where you need to lower the rates all the way to zero to keep the economy from going over the precipice , why would n't you do that , " said Lyle Gramley , a former Fed governor now working as an economist for the Stanford Group .
Regardless of how far the Fed is willing to cut , more cuts are expected by other central banks , most notably the European Central Bank .
That 's because the ECB had not been cutting rates during the past year and have more room to lower rates .
Other options for the Fed
Bill Gross , the chief investment officer at giant bond manager Pimco , wrote this week that another step the Fed could take is to become a clearing house for trades of a variety of exotic and arcane financial instruments such as collateralized debt obligations or credit default swaps .
These have traditionally been traded directly between two firms rather than in an open market .
" We believe that the Federal Reserve must now act as a clearing house , guaranteeing that institutional transactions clear , " Gross wrote in his most recent commentary .
Schlesinger agreed , saying that while the Fed would normally never think to take such an active role in markets , these are far from normal times .
Gramley said he also believes that the Fed may supplement its efforts to help larger firms by starting to lend money to small and medium sized businesses as well .
The Fed could agree to buy small business loans from banks that are backed by collateral , such as inventories or equipment .
Gramley said the loans could be purchased on a non-recourse basis , meaning the Fed , and not the bank , assumes the risk if the loan goes bad .
That would free the banks from the need to raise more capital if the loans sour and could make them more willing to make such loans once again .
" The Fed can work aggressively enough to break the logjam , " Gramley said .
Can anything work but time ?
Still , Schlesinger is worried that there is little that the Fed or other government entities can do to fix the current crisis of confidence gripping financial markets .
A painful recession may be the only way for the markets to work the problems out of the system - with further declines in housing prices and deeper job losses likely a result .
" I wish I had a silver bullet .
But the fear is disconnected from underlying fundamentals at this point , " said Schlesinger .
" What will thaw it out is a sense among lenders that a modicum of trust has been restored in these complicated , opaque markets . "
But Gramley said that even if recent or future actions by the Fed are n't enough to stop the economy from slowing further , they can still have a positive effect .
" Even if it 's not going to prevent the recession from deepening , what it can prevent is a huge meltdown , " said Gramley .
READER COMMENTS ON
" DNC Day 3 : Republican Senator Refuses to Answer Real Questions , Corporate Media Zombies Look On "
( 47 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 8/28/2008 @ 12:59 pm PT ...
excellent job brad i am so tired of politicians outright lying and nevr being called on it if anything pres clinton was generous towards the repubs with his stats ... the 5 million less jobs created point didnt mention how the jobs created under the current admin r mostly low paying service jobs while the good paying manufacturing jobs r what have been lost
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... GWN said on 8/28/2008 @ 1:04 pm PT ...
Maybe you had to hit him on the head with your mic ... he answered the ladies question because he said she was getting hit on the head with them ( the mics I guess ) .
Ok , THUMP , answer the question you twit ~
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 8/28/2008 @ 1:05 pm PT ...
Do n't you wish you could waterboard this jackass ?
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... GWN said on 8/28/2008 @ 1:20 pm PT ...
It could have been much worse Brad , you could have been pushed into traffic , had a cops ( thugs ) hand around your throat , and being arrested like this ABC reporter .
He was doing his job , trying to find out which Democrats were being entertained by Big " F " " ing Donors / Lobbyists .
ABC News Producer Arrested in Denver
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 8/28/2008 @ 2:21 pm PT ...
You need a bigger fucking camera !
And one of those bullshit lanyards that say " PRESS " , and a cute girl running around with a microphone .
What arrogance , he nearly got YOU in trouble .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/28/2008 @ 2:32 pm PT ...
Brad , that was a orchestrated post Bill Clinton speech , Karl Rove / RNC talking point including the reporters question ... she was in on it .
I flipped over to Fake News right after Bill 's speech and KKKarl Rove was saying the exact same thing as Killer Kyl was in your video .
Not surprising .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 8/28/2008 @ 2:33 pm PT ...
Got plenty of bullshit lanyards out here ( would never have been inside the Pepsi Center without 'em ) .
Also , got a cute girl .
But I do n't think any of that would have helped Kyl answer the questions he did n't want to .
However , if everyone else there had been pushing for him to do so , instead of asking inane bullshit , then maybe we'd have gotten somewhere .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Alan Breslauer said on 8/28/2008 @ 2:41 pm PT ...
AWESOME job Brad !
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 8/28/2008 @ 2:47 pm PT ...
Floridiot - I 'm neither suprised , nor bothered by the GOP attempts to respond to the Clinton speech et al .
That 's their job after all .
I am , on the other hand , appalled at the corporate media allowing them to do so without being challenged .
That 's supposed to be their job , but they are AWOL , which is why we 're in the mess we 're in .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/28/2008 @ 2:56 pm PT ...
Yeah Brad ,
It 's way past the point where we have an objective televised media anymore .
More like compliant / complicit
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Paul McCarthy said on 8/28/2008 @ 2:58 pm PT ...
These " professional " journalists are paid large amounts of money to come up with news stories , so why does it take a volunteer like you to ask Kyl what statistics were inaccurate ?
Do you have any videos where you 're asking these guys why they do n't report the news ?
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 8/28/2008 @ 3:32 pm PT ...
Paul McCarthy - I should have turned on those media folks directly , frankly , and asked them exactly that .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Yellowbird said on 8/28/2008 @ 3:37 pm PT ...
Not only is Kyl a liar , but he is obviously a snake , slithering away from your question .
He is a sssnnnnaaaakkkkeee ... ssssssssssssssss snake .
Kyl is a snake .
A LYING SNAKE
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Mugzi said on 8/28/2008 @ 3:44 pm PT ...
I truly hope Obama gets his point across clearly and puts jm lies to rest .
I am so tired of hearing on the radio about how Obama will take people 's savings and income with taxes , more taxe to the middle class , etc .
This is the perfect opportunity to put the lies to rest and tell Americans why he is the best for Prez - facts , not rhetoric .
Hit it out of the ballpark !
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... abacus said on 8/28/2008 @ 4:28 pm PT ...
Yellowbird
Get your point ; but this is unfair to snakes ...:-)
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... leftisbest said on 8/28/2008 @ 5:05 pm PT ...
Brad ,
Way to be persistent .
Remember what Barack said , we want a persistent president .
And we want a persistent blogger .
Next time , when he does n't answer , put a lemon in his mouth .
Then watch it get swallowed whole and go through his entire snake body .
What a sleeze bucket .
He just oozes sleeze .
These repugs need to be turned out of office wholesale .
Thanks for doing one hell of a great job .
UDAMan !
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... leftisbest said on 8/28/2008 @ 5:46 pm PT ...
Maybe next time you just say " OK , so essentially you are saying you lied because you have absolutely NOTHING to back up your Rovian talking point . "
Thank you for confirming that by saying nothing .
We will note that as your official response , unless you 'd like to clarify it further . "
( Then , under your breath , " asshole ! " )
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 8/28/2008 @ 5:55 pm PT ...
Heh heh heh .
Yeah , beautiful .
Repub senator has absolutely no clue about the stats but of course he " knows " what Clinton said was inaccurate .
Total B.S. laid bare by Brad .
Nice going .
And the Mouth Piece Media keeps marching on ...
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... NewConstituionalConvention said on 8/28/2008 @ 6:42 pm PT ...
GWN @4 I think that incident and what Brad experienced are related .
These " reporters " are well paid and well educated , and realize , that if they get out of line , the fascist state could turn on them like it did that ABC reporter .
" Do the right thing " has been turned into " do the right thing for me . "
Most would rather party it up with their " access " to politicians and the open bar , than risk having the hand of a cigar chomping pig around their throat .
Kudos to Brad for his intrepid work .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Ska -T said on 8/28/2008 @ 7:21 pm PT ...
Who were the mum reporters ?
Or , what media companies were represented in that woeful group ?
I would like to talk / write to the management and ask them why their reporters can't keep up with BradBlog and Glenn Greenwald ?
If not management , eventually the stockholders will realize why they are losing viewers .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... nikto said on 8/28/2008 @ 8:00 pm PT ...
THANK YOU , Brad !!
Thank God somebody 's at least out there trying
to do the Media 's job .
God knows
The Media wo n't do it .
Thanks again for the effort , Brad .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/28/2008 @ 8:36 pm PT ...
I 'm not sure , but somebody said McCain had voted with * 95 % of the time when everybody else was saying 90 % of the time ....
I was sure it was Clinton until this became an issue .
Mox nix .
Kyl is still a rotten old jackass ... but ... well ...?
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/28/2008 @ 8:39 pm PT ...
I mean , if my recollection is right , here , and Kyl knew what he meant , he still could hardly have answered you without making his position seem even more pathetic than it already does .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... TEDEGER said on 8/28/2008 @ 8:46 pm PT ...
You must remember - EVERY Arizona Politician is owned lock , stock , and kitty - kat by the Lansky - Bronfman arm of the organized crime syndicate .
( Just ask ANY Arizonan who is paying attention .
Therefore Kyl was there on a mission from the Mob , and you were kind of brave trying to disrupt his propaganda .
( Unfortunately , according to my Arizona friends , Arizona " Democrats " are also owned by the Mob .
But we are in severe danger of putting a man who is owned by the Mob into the top slot !
That 's one reason so many states still use the hackable voting machines - the Mob wants them .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 8/28/2008 @ 9:09 pm PT ...
I 've heard all my life that politicians LOVE television cameras and microphones .
Brad , the mythbuster !
Funny stuff !
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... cobalt said on 8/28/2008 @ 9:54 pm PT ...
He could n't respond , because he had no data .
He only had a talking point , which someone else had given him to say .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 8/28/2008 @ 10:05 pm PT ...
If there was a convention to go to ...
This was it !
The fuckin m$m keeps lowering the bar for mcbush & the gop ... and they still can't hit the mark ...
Then they set the bar much higher for Obama and the Dems and they keep topping it !
Yet you 'd never know it listening the m$m .
Accountability has never been in the gop vocabulary ... if ya do n't have to lie then just avoid .
Cheers ~ Brad .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/28/2008 @ 10:09 pm PT ...
I 'll have you know that a right wing bozo friend of mine , with whom I have had relentless political battles most of my adult life , has been burying me with emails tonight about how he 's voting for Obama in November .
He was giddier about this convention than any Democrats I 've heard from .
He 's SOLD ... which means none of his buddies will stop hearing about it for the rest of time ....
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/28/2008 @ 10:12 pm PT ...
No .
Seriously .
He 's talking about seeing a light at the end of the tunnel .
So that is not small .
Believe me .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 8/29/2008 @ 12:06 am PT ...
While i have had to come to grips with my own anger management demons as of late , the depth of my anger still does not seem to diminish towards these corrupt sellout politicians and their corporate media parrots , zombies , whatever who only stand for lining their pockets and sustaining their power .
In this world , confusion of the people is KING so up is down and left is right .
Then the media does not establish an intelligent dialogue or sounding board but acts as an amplifier of the original lie/s , misdirections , and or coverups .
Should someone come along and question an official 's comment or statement , the time tested move that has worked over and over consistantly since the complete US media takeover that occurred under Reagan is exactly what happened to you .
You are ignored and will never be allowed to debate the issue because the truth is not important only the collective perception .
If you persist you will either be accused of being rude or arrested in our US police state , 1st amendment rights violated as well as unlawful detainment without probable cause .
You got to be smart picking your battles because " they " do n't give shit who they kill such as the 3000 on 9 - 11 .
Testimonial evidence about the pools of molten metal found in the basement of all 3 World Trade Tower buildings along with the signature particles of military high tech super thermate were identified in a peer reviewed paper by Professor Steven Jones .
NO Arabs in a cave would have access to this product let alone be able to get inside the WTT # 7 that housed the FBI , Secret Service , Internal Revenue to name a few .
In layman 's terms , fires building fires burn at 1200 degrees and steel does n't become a liquid product until at least 2800 degrees .
THESE PEOPLE WERE MURDERED BY THE HIGHEST LEVELS OF US GOVERNMENT AND THE BOX CUTTER ARABS ARE A BUNCH OF UNSUBSTANCIATED PATSIES .
THESE PEOPLE ARE STILL IN OFFICE AND THE CATASTROPHIC TERROR KID PHILLIP ZELIKOW'S 9-11 COMMISSION REPORT LIE works BECAUSE IT'S SUPPORTS THE general PERCEPTION WHILE BASED ON bUSHIT .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 8/29/2008 @ 4:00 am PT ...
Grizzly FYI ( and anybody else interested in 911 truth research ) , MISSING LINKS is the first movie to expose the identity of the criminals responsible for 9/11 .
Officially released on 8/18/2008 another piece of the jigsaw !
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... PETER IGNAGNI said on 8/29/2008 @ 8:53 am PT ...
WHAT THE HELL CAN YOU EXPECT FROM A MEMBER OF THE PARTY OF DESPERATION .... THE ONCE DESENT ... BUT NOW DISFUNCTIONAL ..REPUBLICAN
PARTY---RUINED BY GEORGE H.W.BUSH AND GEORGE W. BUSH .
AND THEY ARE NOT EMBARRASED , BY ANY OF THIS KIND OF BEHAVIOR .
WHAT THE HELL IS HE DOING AT THEIR CONVENTION ... GO HOME WITH YOUR ' TAIL BETWEEN YOUR LEGS '... I 'LL NEVER AGAIN VOTE FOR A REPUBLICAN IDIOT .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... PETER IGNAGNI said on 8/29/2008 @ 9:21 am PT ...
TO ALL RESIDENTS OF ARIZONA : I AM CONFIDENT , AS A LIFE LONG INDEPENDENT VOTER WITH 42 YEARS OV VOTES ..
THAT THE PEOPLE OF ARIZONA ARE SEEING THINGS ABOUT MCCAIN AND KYL ; THAT WILL SEND BOTH OF THEM ' PACKING ' AND INTO RETIREMENT--THE NEXT TIME THEY RUN FOR RE - ELECTION .
BECAUSE THE NATION IS ' FED UP ' WITH PEOPLE LIKE THIS .
' CORRUPT ' HAS MANY MEANINGS ... AND THE NEW REPUBLICAN PARTY KEEPS REDEFINING IT , THEY HAVE BECOME MORALLY , ETHICALY , AND IDEALOGICALY CORRUPT ... AND THEY DID IT TO THEMSELVES .
GOOD BY TO THE FORMER SENATORS FROM ARIZONA ... WHO BY THEIR OWN ACTIONS HAVE DEGRADED AND DESTROYED --THEIR VERY INTEGRITY ; IF THEY EVER TRULY HAD ANY .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... HomeSchoolers said on 8/29/2008 @ 9:37 am PT ...
Is n't it funny that many Republicans are constantly talking about all flash with no substance from Obama yet they rarely ( if ever ) give any meat to their claims .
They talk over and around things and play dodgeball with ever question that is thrown at them .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Disillusioned said on 8/29/2008 @ 10:25 am PT ...
Here is a perfect example of why the corporate media fail .
Brad did what a proper reporter should do .
However , the result was that he got zero airable soundbites for his efforts .
If a mainstream media reporter tried to ask pressing questions and got ignored like that , eventually they would lose their job because they were n't producing airable soundbites .
So , they stop ( or never start ) being tough , and just throw softball questions around .
The fix is simple .
The FOOTAGE of the politician ignoring a perfectly legitimate follow up question to one of his claims should BECOME the news .
" Senator claims Bill Clinton 's speech was innaccurate ... refuses to state which parts were innaccurate . "
I.e. Senator is lying and / or is full of shit .
But it would require an entire shift of mainstream media to stop publicizing the faces of smiling people lying to them , and instead publicize the back of their heads as they walk away and refuse to answer legitimate questions about their remarks and actions .
My guess is viewership would go up , but the boards of these giant corporations would never take the risk , because they'd be afraid viewership would drop .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 8/29/2008 @ 11:43 am PT ...
I asked my mom about this and I quote , " He 's an arrogant fucking asshole . "
I laughed my fucking ass off .
Boy , mom , Right On Mom , I could n't agree more .
I might add , so was that little bitch that cried about her question to the Shit Heel Senator who quickly reversed the threat on Brad ( potentially a setup ) , by the Senator saying some shit about bumping or banging her head .
A Secret Dis-Service !
That motherfuckin Senator needs a wack on the side of the head .
( You all remember the book , " A Wack On The Side Of The HEad " it 's a figure of speech your fucking DHS shit heels that want to make criminals out of the population !! , not a threat or a suggestion or call to action )
God I hate these fuckers that escalate a non-situation into a criminal offense .
That should be a crime itself .
Apparently it 's a loophole to fuck people who speak their mind .
BOHICA !
BOHICA !
BOHICA !
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 8/29/2008 @ 11:47 am PT ...
If I could be at the DNC the ONE QUESTION I WOULD ASK ....
Will you , find out if Hydrogen on Demand works ?
And if it does will you re-tool the Auto Manufactures to mass produce ?
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... MarkH said on 8/29/2008 @ 1:05 pm PT ...
Brad , you 're my hero .
Well , one of 'em .
Keep searching for the Truth and challenging others to accept it and eventually America will be a better place .
Keep it up very long and you 'll get labeled ' radical ' !
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Marii said on 8/29/2008 @ 5:20 pm PT ...
Hello .
I 'm a newcomer to AZ , and Sen Kyl and Rep Franks vote mostly against humanity - like McCain when he decides to show up to vote .
Yes , gotta get all three outta office , McCain 's up in 2010 .
We have to get Barack elected !
I 'm preparing a letter to send to newspapers asking people to check out the claims in that Swiftboating book before they believe it .
I suggest everyone do it .
Obama has a website 40 pgs discounting all the distortions and lies .
Please Check it out .
Yep , Kyl did not help himself by ignoring Brad .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 8/29/2008 @ 7:22 pm PT ...
Yes Barack is better that someone who voted 95 % of the time with the bushit administration .
But both are still serving the same new order masters .
His foreign policy is almost identical to McSame 's and believe you me that the military bases are staying in Iraq .
He want 's to put move US troops in Iraq to Afganistan .
Get a clue people .
Obama wants to guard the damn Afgani pipeline using our # 1 military to continue the US world imperalism , utilize nuclear power , and coal as an answer to global warming .
Where do you think he got these ideas ?
These middle east wars are the main reason the Illuminati neo-cons did 9 - 11 .
Zelikow 's 9 - 11 report did n't even include the 3rd World Trade Tower that collapsed in under 7 seconds although not hit by a plane .
Think about that for 1 minute .
In 570 pages of the so called independent non partison 9 - 11 story , there is nothing about the 3rd building in history standing 47 stories that collapsed into it 's footprint leaving nothing but dust particles and shredded and molten steel .
And the excuse given is .. fire ?
This is the biggest lie being lived in my life and the US zombie media has supported this coverup from day 1 .
Do n't ever expect anything from the US corporate mass media relating to political truth unless it is an accident or favors the powers that be in some way .
Anytime someone especially Americans want to look into the truth as to how the World Trade Towers were brought down can go look at information presented by 20 year architect Richard Gage at www.ae911.org.
Accredited architects and engineers can sign a petition for a new legimate 9 - 11 investigation after performing their own personal investigation on the evidence .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 8/29/2008 @ 7:30 pm PT ...
While most at Bradblog probably know about World Trade Tower building # 7 , it was not even hit by a plane and fell 7 hours after the twins as a textbook controlled demolition unlike the non-traditional demolitions of the World Trade Towers I and II that exploded out of their roofs .
Screw the US corporate mass media .
There interests are not yours .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 8/29/2008 @ 11:46 pm PT ...
Grizzly Bear Dancer - I 'm with you on all of the 9 - 11 info , been following it myself since I saw Mike Ruppert 's Truth and Lies way back in early 2002 .
However , it 's either going to be McCain or Obama .
With Obama , despite his corporate subservience , I still believe that there is some hope for a brighter future .
I may lay beyond him and his presidency , but if it exists it at least starts with him .
With McCain , all hope is lost beyond a classical revolution .
I do n't know how prepared we are for that .
And perhaps that is their leverage .
But it is what it is .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/30/2008 @ 1:28 am PT ...
Watch American Drug
War when you get a chance .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 8/30/2008 @ 4:17 am PT ...
Floridiot : Very interesting videos .
The guy who made this got a lot of important interviews .
I am going to watch the whole thing when I get time .
Too bad it will never be on television .
Here is one video from ABC that surprised me though .
I have n't seen anything that portrayed the tragedy of the drug war on as personal a level as this does on corporate TV before .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 8/30/2008 @ 4:21 am PT ...
OK , ABC is not cooperating with me .
You 're going to have to cut and paste this address into your browser :
http://abcnews.go.com/vi...o/playerIndex?id=5454035
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/31/2008 @ 4:19 pm PT ...
Larry , believe it or not I saw it first on Showtime !
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 8/31/2008 @ 11:45 pm PT ...
( CNN ) --
Eleven people were indicted Tuesday for allegedly stealing more than 40 million credit and debit card numbers , federal authorities said .
Attorney General Michael Mukasey said the effects of identity theft are sometimes felt by victims for years .
The indictments , which alleged that at least nine major U.S. retailers were hacked , were unsealed Tuesday in Boston , Massachusetts , and San Diego , California , prosecutors said .
It is believed to be the largest hacking case that the Justice Department has ever tried to prosecute .
Three of the defendants are from the United States ; three are from Estonia ; three are from Ukraine , two are from China and one is from Belarus .
The remaining individual is known only by an alias and authorities do not know where that person is .
Under the indictments , three Miami , Florida , men -- Albert " Segvec " Gonzalez , Christopher Scott and Damon Patrick Toey -- are accused of hacking into the wireless computer networks of retailers including TJX Companies , whose stores include Marshall 's and T.J. Maxx , BJ's Wholesale Club , OfficeMax , Barnes and Noble and Sports Authority , among others .
The three men installed " sniffer " programs designed to capture credit card numbers , passwords and account information as they moved through the retailers ' card processing networks , said Michael Sullivan , the U.S. attorney in Boston .
" This has other personal numbers that could give them access to credit or debit cards that have already been issued and are active , " Sullivan told CNN .
iReport.com :
Have you been a victim of identity theft ?
The probe began in late 2006 , Sullivan said .
In addition to the Justice Department , the Secret Service has been conducting an undercover investigation for more than three years through the U.S. attorney 's office in San Diego , he said .
The three then concealed the data in encrypted computer servers they controlled in the United States and eastern Europe , the Justice Department said .
Some credit and debit card numbers were sold on the Internet , and were " cashed out " by encoding the numbers on the magnetic strips of blank cards .
" The defendants then used these cards to withdraw tens of thousands of dollars at a time from ATMs , " authorities said .
Gonzalez and the others used anonymous Internet - based currencies to conceal and launder their proceeds , as well as channeling funds through bank accounts in Eastern Europe , the department said .
" There are ties between all three districts and ties internationally that go all the way to the Ukraine and Latvia , " Sullivan said .
" The 41 million credit and debit numbers were used internationally . "
Gonzalez was previously arrested in 2003 by the Secret Service on suspicion of access device fraud , the Department of Justice said , and was working as a confidential informant for the agency .
However , the Secret Service discovered during the investigation that Gonzalez was involved in this case , authorities said .
The California indictment charged eight others with operating an international stolen credit and debit card distribution ring , selling stolen card information for personal gain -- millions of dollars , in at least one case , authorities said .
Three of the defendants in the most recent case , among them Gonzalez , were also charged in May in a related indictment in New York , Justice said .
Those charges allege the three were engaged in a scheme to hack into computer networks run by the Dave & Buster 's restaurant chain and steal credit and debit card numbers from at least 11 locations .
The three installed " sniffer " programs at the cash register terminals of the locations , capturing credit and debit card numbers , authorities said .
At one location , the sniffer captured data for some 5,000 cards , causing some $ 600,000 in losses to the banks that issued the credit and debit cards .
Gonzalez is awaiting trial on the New York charges .
The other two of the international defendants are also in custody , police said .
" Identity theft can involve a single criminal stealing the personal financial information of a single victim or , as it did here , it can involve a group of criminals stealing the credit card numbers of millions of people , many of whom may not even learn that they were victims for months or years , " said Attorney General Michael Mukasey .
" Identity theft victims suffer well beyond the immediate financial costs ; they suffer lost confidence in their privacy and security , as well as the emotional strain and the time it can take to repair damaged financial lives and credit histories .
In many cases , the effects of these crimes can be felt for years after they are committed . "
Mukasey and other officials said the case serves as a reminder that computer crimes can cross international borders .
" We have been working with countries around the world to identify and address technical vulnerabilities in computer networks , and to ensure that laws and procedures are adequate to deal with these kinds of crime , " Mukasey said .
" And we have been working closely with our international partners to crack specific cases when they take us beyond our borders . "
CNN 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .
All About U.S. Department of Justice • Identity Theft
DIGG THIS
It is passing strange .
Several months ago , it was not possible to obtain an obscure academic text originally published in 1988 from the New York Public Library without a wait of several weeks .
That the citizens of the city that in the late 1990s called itself the " capital of the world " should in late 2007 be so interested in Joseph Tainter 's The Collapse Of Complex Societies that a borrower could n't even extend the loan on a book by a week indicated that there was an undercurrent of understanding : civilization , in its broad sense and the narrower one of living in cities , was imperiled and hanging in the balance .
Tainter sought to analyze the process of societal collapse years before Jared Diamond arrived at the territory , and wanted to do so in an anthropological sense .
So he sought a common element in the collapse of three advanced civilizations , with a large urban population supported by an agricultural hinterland ( the same sort of urban model that Jane Jacobs earlier used in Cities and the Wealth of Nations ) .
The common key , he decided , was excess centralization , and he examined it in each of the societies .
Most LRC readers will not be familiar with his two North American examples , including the Chacoan people near the four corners region in the US ' Southwest .
Tainter 's first example , however , is the most familiar example , decried by Gibbon and those who still believe in the myth of the Renaissance : the collapse of the Roman Empire in the West .
Before examining the long period of collapse , Tainter first spells out his thesis : that a society will centralize and urbanize to the extent that the marginal profits from centralization outweigh the marginal costs .
He does not cover in detail the Roman conquests in the East , but these regions were certainly profitable for the Romans to conquer , as seen at the very least by their economic viability in supporting the Byzantine Empire for 1000 years after Rome fell .
Tainter does talk somewhat about the wealth of Egypt , but the main part of his tale begins with Julius Caesar 's conquest of Gaul .
While you might expect that the Celtic region was not wealthy enough to pay for the troops required to conquer it , Tainter lists the quantity of gold that Caesar " earned " from his conquest , and shows that it exceeded the costs of the legions , even outside the calculus of the modern state where political gains at the expense of the people still remain justified in the minds of the " public servants . "
In addition to conquering Gaul , Caesar also built a bridge across the Rhine into Germany , where he marched his troops around the countryside in a show of strength , to prevent German raids into Gaul .
He did not , however , attempt conquest .
An obvious reason could be the warlike and impecunious nature of the German tribes at the time .
Tainter does discuss the conquest of Britain by Claudius , and how that conquest did not pay for its immediate cost in gold and tribute ( although Claudius did do better than Nero , who famously went to war against Neptune , and returned with tribute from the god in the form of seashells that he poured out for the Senate ) .
Rome did turn a profit from sacking Jerusalem around 70 AD and stripping the second temple of its gold , riches , and religious objects , an event celebrated on the arch of Titus ( Roman Jews preferred not to walk under the arch , with the exception of the founding of the state of Israel , when a Jewish delegation walked through the arch in the opposite direction from the original Roman triumphal march ) .
Later Roman conquests were not profit - making opportunities , and the conquest of the Parthians by Trajan was the last major expansion of the empire , and one of the first provinces to be freed from Rome 's control .
Britain and Gaul were not highly industrialized , and so not a continuing source of tribute in an amount sufficient to pay for the troops required to be stationed in them after conquest .
Indeed , Rome soon began to invest in infrastructure to build Roman cities in the conquered provinces .
The most spectacular example extant is probably the Pont du Gard , part of an aqueduct that brought water to the Roman colony of Nemausus ( modern Nimes ) , whose construction costs could certainly not have been borne by local taxation .
It was so well constructed , however , that modern automobile traffic can still drive across it , and it is possible to walk through the aqueduct atop it .
( Amusingly , a walk across the aqueduct at the top of the bridge brings one face - to - face with a sign written only in English that reads " Please do not push on the stones " ; remember that the next time you complain about the French not liking Americans . )
And here Tainter 's analysis applies .
Roman military officers , and the Senate that backed them , can perhaps best be faulted for having a " high time preference , " Austrian - school - speak for a short - term mentality .
The short - term profits from conquests would not cover the long - term costs of occupation and " nation - building . "
Once Rome ran out of sufficiently wealthy neighbors where conquest would pay for itself , the long - term costs of garrisoning troops in regions that were tax consumers began to weigh on the empire .
The wealthy East did eventually break away and continue , as it was able to fund a large , centralized bureaucracy from the economic proceeds of the region .
In the West , population declined in the countryside as farms were abandoned and become unprofitable due to onerous taxation , this population decline coming before the collapse .
When the empire was no longer able to control its borders due to lack of funding for troops ( and diminished population of citizens ) , it hired German mercenaries paid with land .
Eventually , with nothing gained from central control and no order supplied therefrom , the Romans suffered a " crisis of legitimacy of the state , " and the last emperor was retired by Gothic tribes .
That New Yorkers knew enough to seek out this thesis indicates that they understand the many historical parallels .
Indeed , Washington , the Imperial Capital , has continued to centralize control of the USA since the War for Southern Secession from 1861 to 1865 , and has turned a profit from it .
High tariffs after that war allowed the state to enrich itself and its cronies , with no threat of free - trading ports in an independent South .
The income tax and Federal Reserve Act of 1913 allowed the Federal Government to extend its dominion over the states and their citizens ' wallets , able to extract tribute from them invisibly by stealing the value of the paper dollars in their pockets .
World - War - Two - era investments in atomic weapons and the military destruction and exhaustion of all other major powers allowed the US government to extend tribute to the rest of the world through a unique institution : the fiat paper dollar , ex nihilo , sent overseas for goods , and backed by a threat of nuclear immolation by the only state to use those weapons .
With this tribute , the centralized state garrisoned troops all across the globe and built great works in areas where no " profit " could be turned .
In place of the great aqueducts of France , the new state built dams and the Tennessee Valley Authority .
The American Pont du Gard can be found spanning the New River Gorge in West Virginia , a spectacular feat of engineering that no local population could have paid for .
The empire continued to drain its tax producers in the East to support its tax consuming states , with New York suffering the largest deficit between Federal taxes and " benefits . "
As in Rome , the rural agricultural provinces depopulated as the cities swelled .
No city has suffered more from this process than New York City itself , as its wealth has been drained off to feed the ambitions of political masters .
But the New Rome might have reached the limits of its centralization bonanza , as the recent bailout bill rejection indicates that the people are no longer willing to be denuded through inflation to support imperial projects ; this happens while the Chinese and other overseas investors practically forced the nationalization of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in exchange for not ending the game of forced tribute through paper dollars .
If the margin has been crossed on the profitability of centralized control , collapse of the central state might be onrushing .
Here Tainter offers a last ray of hope .
The standard of living of citizens in the new Gothic kingdoms actually ROSE after the collapse , as the burdens of supporting the central state disappeared and the citizens ' taxes went to support local rulers who did provide some protection in return for their exactions .
Indeed , it was only after Justinian 's wars to reconquer Italy that widespread capital destruction caused a significant economic decline , a decline not to be reversed for over 1000 years .
Endeavors like the Free State Project ( and measures like the Massachusetts income tax repeal , very close to passage and needing some funding to counteract state - loving media ) now take on a new urgency .
A libertarian alternative to the centralized state will offer beleaguered citizens a route to escaping the burdens of unprofitable empire , and hasten its collapse , which need not be the end of civilization and cities , but its and their rebirth .
October 3 , 2008
The Best of Thomas Schmidt
Is the anti-war movement dead , needing CPR , or ever existed ?
Clearly in the beginning it was strong .
Congress knew what millions of Americans and people throughout the world knew , that the war was base of lies and fraudulent testimony ; only Congress went along with it to prove how ‘ tough ’ they could be in an election year .
But what has happened ?
When was the last time we ’ve seen a real demonstration ?
And I do n’t mean Spring fairs with Frisbee throwing and chants of Kumbaya ?
Why no shutting down of the entrance to the Pentagon ( other than for the obvious security hurdles ) ?
Why no shutting down of major routes going into DC ?
So many ‘ why no…. ’
Lessons should be learned from the pro-immigration movement in their previous May Day shut - downs .
Unfortunately , the peace movement itself is a major player in the war .
Let ’s take an example from Baltimore .
For years , there ’s been a peace vigil every Friday at rush hour at a particular site .
The organizer told the Baltimore Sun that he knows that this will not affect the end of the war .
The only purpose it serves then is to satisfy egos and justify doing something or anything .
But where is this vigil ?
It ’s in front of the Homewood Friends Meeting House ( Quaker ) in the most liberal section of the city .
It is also just blocks away from Johns Hopkins University , a right wing school but in a very ‘ progressive ’ neighborhood .
The only radical thing they ’re calling for is to honk for peace .
No calls for wholesale impeachment of Congress , including most Democrats .
No calls for war crimes trials against all responsible from the Bush / Clinton / Bush administrations .
Why are n’t they in the working class sections of the city , or in the inner city , or in the staunch conservative sections of the County doing a regular vigil ?
Are n’t they the people one must attract to build a grassroots movement against the war ?
Not in an area where opposition to the war already ranges in the ’ 80s to ’90s percent .
Although this vigil , and so many like it throughout the country , may appear to be part of an anti-war movement it is also contributing to the war effort .
Here ’s how .
In a ‘ democracy ’ like ours , the ‘ voices ’ of all people are encouraged .
When the war parties can point to a constant vigil that remains polite and pathetically innocuous , the war advocates can say , “ See .
We are a country that encourages peaceful demonstrations .
Are n’t we a great nation worthy of emulation throughout the world ? ! ”
In reality , because the movement with these vigils is so ‘ peaceful ’ , they give credence to an overall system that engages in massive crimes against humanity .
To this day , not a single elected Congress member or Senator from Maryland calls for immediate withdraw , impeachment , and trials .
That includes Congressman Cummings , past chair of the Congressional Black Caucus , who claims to be against the war but has n’t been shy about voting for whatever the Pentagon has wanted .
And unlike the defeated Democrat Congressman Wynn of Maryland , Cummings does not even support impeachment .
This long - standing vigil has had no practical effect in all its years .
One can counter and say it was the peace demos against the Viet Nam War and the Civil Rights marches that helped to end the war and bring certain levels of legal equality to all Americans .
The reality is is that it was the military rank and file in revolt that was the major impetus to ending the war and the water hosing of innocent black children and the unleashing of dogs on bystanders by Bull Conner that galvanized the nation in support of civil rights .
It was the brutal murders in Mississippi and Kent and Jackson State that woke up the nation as well as middle class body bags returning home .
Singing Kumbaya might relieve tensions and put people in a better consciousness , but it ’s the violence that people react to that affects change .
And yes , there are counter examples .
Ghandi , people power in the Philippines , and standing up to the tank in Tiananmen Square are notable for a non-violent approach to standing up against oppression .
But even they would not have been effective for radical change if they were not reacting to violence by the British , the Marcos regime , and the Chinese authorities , respectively .
We should not deny that both methods have affected change .
Relying on just one approach , though , in our fight to end this war is simply not enough .
Disobedience , civil or otherwise , needs to be part of the movement .
When the electoral and legislative process fails to end the war , what options do we have left ?
Changing the Party and face in the Executive Branch will only be cosmetic .
The wars will go on , occupation of Iraq will remain permanent , and we will still maintain military bases all over the world .
Secrecy and competition to achieve breakthroughs have been part of scientific culture for centuries , but the latest Internet advances are forcing a tortured openness throughout the halls of science and raising questions about how research will be done in the future .
The openness at the technological and cultural heart of the Internet is fast becoming an irreplaceable tool for many scientists , especially biologists , chemists and physicists — allowing them to forgo the long wait to publish in a print journal and instead to blog about early findings and even post their data and lab notes online .
The result : Science is moving way faster and more people are part of the dialogue .
But no one agrees yet on whether this extreme sharing among scientists and even the public is ultimately good for science or undermining it .
" It scares people , " says biochemist Cameron Neylon , an open science advocate who works at Rutherford Appleton Laboratory in England and posts all his experiments in an online " open notebook . "
" People are very frightened about being that open , " Neylon told LiveScience .
" This is not really the way current academic culture is built and we are trying to change it .
So that makes some people uncomfortable . "
Open science
The open science approach forces researchers to grapple with the question of whether they can still get sufficient credit for their ideas , said physicist Sabine Hossenfelder , co-organizer of a conference on the topic set to begin Sept. 8 at the Perimeter Institute in Ontario , Canada .
" In some areas , credit is mainly appreciation by peers ( think mathematics and theoretical physics ) , " she said .
" In other areas , money is a factor .
That might be through patents or simply because some ideas can be used to make money directly .
Consider if you would have a great model to predict the quirks of the world 's economy — would you go and publish it ? "
Open science is a shorthand for technological tools , many of which are Web - based , that help scientists communicate about their findings .
At its most radical , the ethos could be described as " no insider information . "
Information available to researchers , as far as possible , is made available to absolutely everyone .
Beyond email , teleconferencing and search engines , there are many examples : blogs where scientists can correspond casually about their work long before it is published in a journal ; social networks that are scientist friendly such as Laboratree and Ologeez ; GoogleDocs and wikis which make it easy for people to collaborate via the Web on single documents ; a site called Connotea that allows scientists to share bookmarks for research papers ; sites like Arxiv , where physicists post their " pre-print " research papers before they are published in a print journal ; OpenWetWare which allows scientists to post and share new innovations in lab techniques ; the Journal of Visualized Experiments , an open - access site where you can see videos of how research teams do their work ; GenBank , an online searchable database for DNA sequences ; Science Commons , a non-profit project at MIT to make research more efficient via the Web , such as enabling easy online ordering of lab materials referenced in journal articles ; virtual conferences ; online open - access ( and free ) journals like Public Library of Science ( PLoS ) ; and open - source software that can often be downloaded free off Web sites .
The upshot : Science is no longer under lock and key , trickling out as it used to at the discretion of laconic professors and tense PR offices .
For some scientists , secrets no longer serve them .
But not everyone agrees .
Networked cyborgs
Just a few decades ago , as a scientist , here is how you did your work :
You toiled in obscurity and relative solitude .
It could take years to generate results , and scientists tended to guard their data and findings prior to publication in a journal , possibly giving out only minimal details on what exactly they were researching .
Results became legitimate and credit was given to scientists once their results were published as a paper in a " peer - reviewed " journal — one for which the work is evaluated by experts in the field as acceptable or unacceptable for print .
Often papers were sent back for rewrites or clarification , and publication can occur months after submission .
This system still is in place for many scientists .
However , today , more and more scientists , as well as researchers in the humanities , operate like transparent , networked cyborgs .
Background research is mostly done online , not in the library .
Some data and preliminary research might be posted online via a blog or open notebook .
Early write - ups of the work might be announced to the public , or at least discussed online with peers .
And these early write - ups might also be posted to an online publication that is not peer - reviewed in the strict sense .
With supercomputers and sequencers processing data at warp speed , along with online Web tools for analyzing data and posting early results , the pace of research , from lab bench to established finding , has accelerated ( and the public tends to learn about findings faster ) .
" In areas like my own subfields of theoretical physics , " said MIT physicist David Kaiser , " the only constraint [ on how rapidly one generates research papers ] is , ' Did you have more coffee that day ? '
We are n't usually held up trying to get an instrument to work , or slogging through complicated data analysis . "
Most people think faster is better , but there are other issues .
Is it a good thing ?
There is " no question " that all efforts to make science more open are positive for the progress of science , says open science proponent and chemist Jean - Claude Bradley at Drexel University in Philadelphia , who posts his lab notebook online and started a blog in 2005 called UsefulChemistry where he and his colleagues regularly discuss chemistry problems as well as Web 2.0 tools and the technical and philosophical issues they raise .
His online notebook and blog definitely make it easier to communicate with colleagues , he said .
Such sharing also makes it easier for others to " replicate " scientists ' work — try it themselves and convince themselves that you are right .
And this replication issue is one of the principles behind scientific research .
Anyone who has written down a recipe for a friend knows that we all tend to spell things out more clearly when sharing them than we would if we were just taking notes for ourselves in our own shorthand .
Open science also has the potential to prevent discrimination in access to information .
Arxiv , the site for posting pre-print physics papers , was started in 1991 by Cornell physicist Paul Ginsparg , then at Los Alamos National Laboratory , to help provide equal access to prepublication information to graduate students , postdocs and researchers in developing countries .
And Neylon , the biochemist in England , said : " One of the things that is really clear about making this available is that the person whose access you are really enabling is your own . "
Wherever he is worldwide , if he can sit at a personal computer with Internet access , he can pull up his notebook .
And open science benefits the public , Bradley said .
He tries to keep his posts fairly accessible ( although this is not the case for all open notebooks and open science blogs ) .
" There is a lot of potential for the public to understand how science actually progresses — it is messy and painstaking , and most experiments either fail or provide ambiguous results , " Bradley said .
" On the blog , I try to report our progress in a way that other scientists , but also to a large extent the public , should be able to understand . "
Also , open notebooks could yield important contributions from non-scientists or experts in other fields , Neylon said .
" It 's not clear to me that professional scientists or people in academic institutions have a monopoly on good ideas , " he said .
" There are very smart people outside of academia , for example hobbyists or people in industry who could contribute , and having more contributors can only help .
The same applies to interdisciplinary and cross- disciplinary approaches . "
So far , there are only a handful of scientists who post their complete notebooks online , but dozens of others post some , but not all , of their notebook pages .
Perhaps this is due to the dreaded scoop .
Drawbacks of open science
One of the biggest fears of nearly all researchers is that someone else hears what you 're doing and beats you to publication .
That means you wasted a lot of time ( and most researchers work extremely long hours , so loss of productivity is especially painful and can also harm one 's chances for getting a job or promotion or funding for the next research project ) .
Once you publicly reveal your thoughts , data or experimental results , some say , you lose control over ownership of that information .
This topic is covered by an area of law called intellectual property , as well as patent law , and there can be significant money to be fought over when it comes to patents .
Hossenfelder , the conference organizer , says she knows of several examples in which scientists have had an idea for something , talked about it openly and then somebody else has published the fleshed - out idea first without giving any credit beyond an acknowledgment to the original idea - holder .
Acknowledgments do n't advance careers .
However there are solutions to this , she said .
For instance , the prominent scientific journal Nature encourages authors to include brief summaries of which author contributed what to a project .
Some say that online posts provide a time - stamped record of when an experiment was documented .
Those stamps can easily be arbitrarily altered after the fact , but it might also be possible to " lock " posts at a certain date after which they could not be changed without some sign - off permission to break the lock , Hossenfelder said .
Neylon says the total scientific openness is freeing on a personal level : " In the biological sciences you spend a lot of time worrying , ' Is someone going to beat me to this ?
Am I going to get scooped ?
How are we going to get this grant ? ' — all things that lead you to being scared to talk to people about what you 're doing .
I have found a lot of that dropping away .
So one of the main personal benefits of simply making everything available is that you know it 's available , so you stop worrying about it ( who can see it ) .
Not having that worry , ' Am I giving the game away ? ' is actually a tremendous relief . "
Fear of losing peer review
Another drawback of open science can be that results go public before they should .
In science , experimental results are frequently proven wrong by subsequent work .
Yet even peer review cannot ensure against this , nor can it prevent outright fraud , as proven by a 2005 case involving a South Korean scientist who claimed to have achieved the first cloning of a human embryo .
A later examination of his work showed he had fabricated his results .
" Like in the case of scientific fraud , if you talk to people in biomedicine , they are really concerned about peer review because it is one of the few ways they have to stop fraud .
In fact most fraud cases come from biomedicine , " said Harvard University historian of science Mario Biagioli .
Peer review started in the 17th century as a variation of the censorship practices attached to books and newssheets publishing , Biagioli has written .
Nowadays , many fields of science and communicators of it ( including journalists ) rely on peer review as a generic stamp of approval .
" The social system of science has become so complicated , unregulated and dispersed in terms of geography and disciplines , so peer review has been elevated to a principle that unifies a fragmented field , " Biagioli said .
Trends in the strength of peer review tend to zig and zag throughout history , and even today , says MIT 's Kaiser , who also is an historian of science .
The premier physics journal Physical Review only started requiring peer review for every submission in the late 1950s , he said .
And today , Arxiv , one of the most frequently cited examples of open science , has no peer review for individual papers , but it has begun to add in some constraints on allowable authors .
The site used to allow anyone with email addresses associated with academic institutions to post their papers .
Now , authors of research papers who post in Arxiv are vetted before they can post for the first time .
In some ways , things are tightening up when it comes to openness in physics , Kaiser said .
In any case , the function of print journals , in physics at least , is changing .
" Ease of sharing everything prior to peer review is flourishing , and in my opinion very few physicists are reading journals for information these days , " Kaiser said .
" Journals have largely lost their information function . "
Now they are used for promotions and prestige in physics — for helping to build careers but not necessarily for getting ideas into circulation .
" Now we can give away most of our physics results for free , " Kaiser said .
" No one is going to care if I post some obscure model of cosmology on this Web site . "
But that is just physics .
In biomedicine today , he said , the terrain is totally different , primarily because of complex intellectual property considerations and potential conflicts of interest among researchers funded by drug companies , as well as concerns over patient safety and privacy .
For the good of truth , humanity , economies ?
Another argument in favor of open science is sort of a big picture issue for humanity , scientific truth and economies , Neylon said .
" Making things more open leads to more innovation and more economic activity , and so the technology that underlies the Web makes it possible to share in a way that was never really possible before , while at same time it also means that kinds of models and results generated are much more rich , " he said .
This is the open source approach to software development , as opposed to commercial closed source approaches , Neylon said .
The internals are protected by developers and lawyers , but the platform is available for the public to build on in very creative ways .
" Science was always about mashing up , taking one result and applying it to your [ work ] in a different way , " Neylon said .
" The question is ' Can we make that as effective as samples data and analysis as it does for a map and set of addresses for a coffee shop ? '
That is the vision . "
VeryPC Introduces Ultra Low Power Mini Desktop
September 23rd , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Our friends over at SmartPlanet report that British computer manufacturer Very PC has introduced an incredibly low power mini desktop PC .
The Fulwood uses only 16 watts while idling .
While there are other computers that use a similarly low amount of energy , most of them are laptops .
The Mac-mini sized Fulwood performs well despite its low power usage — it includes an Intel P9500 2.5GHz dual core processor , 250GB hard drive , and Intel x4500 HD graphics card .
Critics may point out that the Fulwood hardly compares to the CherryPal , which uses only 2 watts of power .
But the CherryPal ’s Linux - only desktop could turn off casual computers users .
Additionally , the CherryPal is n’t as fast as Very PC ’s model .
The Fulwood is available for pre-order starting September 25 , and ranges in price between £ 868 to £ 1104 .
Posts Related to Energy Efficiency :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
About the Author Ariel Schwartz was formerly the editor of CleanTechnica and is a senior editor at Co. Exist .
She has contributed to SF Weekly , Popular Science , Inhabitat , Greenbiz , NBC Bay Area , GOOD Magazine , and more .
A graduate of Vassar College , she has previously worked in publishing , organic farming , documentary film , and newspaper journalism .
Her interests include permaculture , hiking , skiing , music , relocalization , and cob ( the building material ) .
She currently resides in San Francisco , CA .
Bild
Institutionen för data - och informationsteknik Institutionen för data - och informationsteknik har närmare 300 anställda , engagerade i utbildning och forskning inom ett brett fält av discipliner och kompetensområden från grundforskning till tillämpade applikationer .
Vi utbildar för framtiden och skapar samhällsnytta genom vår forskning som levandegörs och implementeras i nära samarbete med näringsliv .
Verksamheten har en stark internationell prägel , och institutionen är gemensam för Chalmers tekniska högskola och Göteborgs universitet .
Click to view
The right mouse button — beloved by geeks for its power , theoretically unnecessary on a Mac , and generally under-utilized on the average desktop .
Right - clicking can be a powerful tool for automating file actions and saving yourself time and arm effort , but only if you 've put your own stamp on the offerings of that secondary button .
Today we 're rounding up some of the best tools for adding power and precision to your right - click menu on Windows , Mac , and Linux systems , so check out what can be done from the other side of the scroll wheel .
Photo by geobeo .
Advertisement
10 .
Add convenient actions to Nautilus ( Linux )
Advertisement
The default file manager for GNOME - based Linux systems has a pretty sparse right - click menu when first installed .
Install a few helper packages , however , and soon you 're rotating and resizing images without an editor , popping open terminals for quick system work , and skipping the sudo command entirely with a " Run as administrator " link .
Ubuntu users can install the nautilus - gksu , nautilus - image - converter , and nautilus - open - terminal packages for starters ; users of other distributions should search their package manager for " nautilus " ( or " konqueror " for KDE - based systems ) to see what 's available for quick right - click fix-ups .
9 . Use two fingers for trackpad right - clicking
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
If you 're new to Macs , or you just have n't dug deep into its configuration options , it 's easy to miss this one .
Mac laptops only have one button ; instead of stretching your hands an octave - length to the Control key , put two fingers on the trackpad and click .
To enable it , head to the Keyboard & Mouse section of System Preferences , under the Trackpad section , check this option : " For secondary clicks , place two fingers on the trackpad then click the button . "
8. Get Google Map directions without a street address
Advertisement
You can know where " that restaurant with the good burgers " is ( a few blocks over from the big intersection ) without knowing an actual street address .
Find the general spot in Google Maps , right - click , and click for directions to or from that area .
You might find it helpful , or you might not truly appreciate it until you 're on a scarcely - there Wi-Fi connection , trying to find a way across town and furiously Google-ing for possible addresses .
7 . Make one - click FTP uploads with RightLoad
Advertisement
Anyone with access to their own web space , or with a need to do a lot of FTP transfer , should add RightLoad to their file - swapping arsenal .
Set up your FTP servers in RightLoad 's preferences , and sending files to the server is as easy as right - clicking and choosing a server .
After you 're done , RightLoad creates HTML - formatted links for quick web writing or friend - linking , and automatically renames duplicate files .
Your overworked FTP client thanks you for the downtime .
6. Tweak Windows ' Send To Menu
Advertisement
If you 're not a fan of installing contextual applications or power toys on your system , Windows ' built - in " Send to " menu on the right - click box can offer a lot of flexibility — you can create instant shortcuts , email or open a file , and much more .
Lifehacker reader Howard Dickens explained the process for adding " Send To " actions and items in Windows 98 and XP ; for the Vista method , check with the How - To Geek .
5. Customize the Mac Finder 's actions with FinderPop
Advertisement
One of those apps that gives back the more that 's put into it , FinderPop is a hugely customizable tool for cutting down the number of clicks needed to copy , move , or alias files between locations on your Mac.
FinderPop can also launch applications or kill runaway processes , making the right - click ( or Ctrl - click ) menu a powerful launching pad .
4 . Add or delete context items with ShellExView
Advertisement
Programs come and go from your computer , and even after they 're thoroughly scrubbed , they can leave behind annoying traces in your context menu .
ShellExView is where you get complete control over what shows up when you right - click a file , your desktop , or even Internet Explorer .
You can add any program , delete useless links , and otherwise hook yourself up with time - saving shortcuts .
3 . Roll your own right - click Mac actions with OnMyCommand
Advertisement
Let 's face it — some of the work you do is creative , and some of it is just resizing a bunch of images to 400 pixels wide and converting them to JPEG .
Automate those mandatory tasks with OnMyCommand , an AppleScript / command - line app that adds your own scripts or already - compiled offerings to Finder 's right - click menu .
Check out SimpleHelp 's concise and clear guide for help getting started with OnMyCommand .
2. Create file - aware right - click options
Advertisement
Many of the tools listed above make adding custom file - wrangling options to your right - click menu easy , but only for every file or folder you click .
If you want to get specific with certain file types , adding custom for - this - file - type - only actions is n't as hard as it might seem .
Adam has explained the custom context menu process ( pulled from a MetaFilter thread ) for Windows XP ; Vista users should check out FileMenuTools , detailed elsewhere in this list .
1. Combine lots of right - click tools with FileMenuTools
Advertisement
If you 're a Windows user and only have time to try out one of the right - click tools we 've gathered here , FileMenuTools is a safe bet for maximum utility .
It does n't get as in - depth as some of the utilities it rolls together , but it lets you create contextual file actions , improve your Send To menu , add super - helpful tweaks like " Run Command Line from Here " and " Copy Path , " and generally geek out your right - click menu without touching the registry or hunting down obscure command line options .
Right - click menus are definitely a to - each - their - own tool , as the most useful tools depend on what you 're trying to get done .
So we ask our dear readers :
What right - click actions , links , and tweaks help you act quickly and shuttle files more efficiently ?
Share your own tips in the comments below .
Editor 's Note : Campbell Brown anchors CNN's " Campbell Brown : Election Center " at 8 p.m. ET Mondays - Fridays .
She delivered this commentary during the " Cutting through the Bull " segment of Tuesday night 's broadcast .
Campbell Brown says she 's had it with what she calls Sen.
John McCain campaign 's chauvinism toward Sarah Palin .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
Frankly I have had it , and I know a lot of other women out there who are with me on this .
I have had enough of the sexist treatment of Sarah Palin .
It has to end .
She was in New York on Tuesday meeting with world leaders at the U.N .
And what did the McCain campaign do ?
They tried to ban reporters from covering those meetings .
And they did ban reporters from asking Gov. Palin any questions .
I call upon the McCain campaign to stop treating Sarah Palin like she is a delicate flower who will wilt at any moment .
This woman is from Alaska for crying out loud .
She is strong , she is tough , she is confident .
And you claim she is ready to be one heartbeat away from the presidency .
If that is the case , then end this chauvinistic treatment of her now .
Allow her to show her stuff .
Watch Brown call on the McCain campaign to ' Free Sarah Palin ' »
Allow her to face down those pesky reporters just like Barack Obama did today , just like John McCain did today .
Just like Joe Biden has done on numerous occasions .
Let her have a real news conference with real questions .
By treating Sarah Palin differently from other candidates in this race , you are not showing her the respect she deserves .
Free Sarah Palin .
Free her from the chauvinistic chains you are binding her with .
Sexism in this campaign must come to an end .
Sarah Palin has as much a right to be a real candidate in this race as the men do .
Watch a debate on whether the GOP is hiding Palin »
So let her act like one .
Viewers reacted to Brown 's commentary with e-mails to the show .
Here is a sample of some viewer reaction to Brown 's remarks :
Thank you soooo much Campbell .
I have been screaming that same [ thing ] about Palin forever and it did n't seem like any of media wanted to call him on it .
I know the media has been talking about not getting to question her , but no one has said it was due to sexism and that is exactly what it is .
That is what it has been since the beginning .
Just thank you for finally saying it .
You have the best show .
Jennifer of Stillwater , Oklahoma
Campbell 's " rant " was just ridiculous .
The media including CNN have themselves to blame for Palin being protected .
None of the extreme , harsh rumors , etc. , have been said about any of the other candidates .
If the media is frustrated , who cares .
They certainly did n't care what they were doing in the weeks after she was selected .
I 've lost much respect for those covering this election .
Bias is clear , and that is not journalism .
I will not be watching this program again -- as Campbell said -- I 've had enough .
Elise of Dallas , Texas
The diatribe about turning Sarah Palin loose was really weak .
If you would report truthfully , then you might get to interview more of her .
You 're getting just what you set up with your biased reporting .
And people are wising up .
Slim of Crossville , Tennessee
Woo hoo !
Very nice rant Campbell !
And thank you for finally stating what has already been obvious re : Palin .
Is she so ready to be president if she needs constant shielding ?
I love it !
And love your program .
Christy of Laurel , Maryland
All About Sarah Palin • John McCain • Barack Obama
Hi Jeff ...
OK , Riddle me this ...
Let 's see .... Two days ago the House rejected a bail - out Bill that was 110 pages long .
Three pages .
Now , a scant two days later , the Senate PASSES what they are telling us is basically the same bill with a few simple perks added ... but it is ( now get this ) 450 pages long !
So ... they mean to tell me that somebody took a 3 page bill and wrote it into a 450 page bill AND THEN PASSED IT in less than 48 hours ?
Yeah ... SURE they did !
Just like the Patriot Act , I 'll bet money that this Bill was planned and drafted well before this crisis came to pass .
And just like the Patriot Act , probably no Senator actually READ the entire bill , either .
Someone was waiting in the wings with this Bill all along .
Furthermore , we are going to get a ' bailout ' crammed down our throat whether we like it or not .
Lord only knows what hidden land mines are in the Senate version And just Who is going to read 450 pages of legislation in such a short time ?
The banksters and their confederates are hell bent on passing it ... and the Will of the People be damned !
The House Bill was a bait and switch .
They really DO think we are stupid , do n't they ?
When this Bill passes the House , it will be the economic equivilant to the Patriot Act .
A commenter last week on Trent ’s article about whether or not it ’s ethical to walk out on a mortgage said something that I feel needs to be addressed .
He wrote :
I must say that at first when I read this title I thought that it could be pretty cool to just walk away from a mortgage .
I mean are n’t banks unethical taking all your money away from you with home loans and especially credit card debt .
There is a grain of truth in this .
Some banks and banking officers have been quite willing to use their position as the “ experts ” to push financially - illiterate people towards loans and the like which they could n’t afford .
But what does this commenter mean “ taking all your money away from you with home loans ” ?
I assume that he means charging interest , which is the only way they take your money ( after all , if you ’re just paying back the price of the house , that ’s the same thing you ’d be paying the seller if you bought the house with cash ) .
But the bank is n’t ripping you off by charging you interest .
They ’re not being unethical unless they try to trick you about it or flat - out lie to you .
Why ?
Interest Is the Cost of Giving You Money
Why does a person take out a mortgage ?
Because she does n’t have the money up - front to pay for the house .
But by giving her that money , banks take on an opportunity cost ( as well as a risk ) .
Suppose you ’re a bank and you have $ 300,000 .
You could invest that money in the stock market .
There , it might get anything from 2 % to 15 % , depending on how good the year is and how well you invest it .
What motivates you to forgo years of earning interest off that money ?
Guaranteed ( ish ) money .
There ’s no point in giving out a mortgage for charity unless you ’re a charity .
Giving out a mortgage to a person who will repay the loan with interest is a nice , solid way to make money off your money .
You do n’t have to worry as much about the variation in the market ( as long as unemployment does n’t skyrocket ) .
Of course , the person might walk away or miss payments .
So there ’s a risk involved , which accounts for a few more percentage points on some people ’s mortgages .
How many depends on credit history and how the bank views their source of income .
But banks are in no way obligated to lend you money .
They certainly would n’t do so if they did n’t make any money off it .
Where do you think the interest on your savings account comes from ?
The bank ’s various investments , including mortgages .
Interest
Is the REASON You Get the Money
So interest is the reason that you got that home loan in the first place .
If it did n’t exist , banks would n’t be willing to give mortgages .
People would probably not be willing to buy stocks either .
Interest is the incentive that you give someone so they ’ll give you what you want .
( Micah chimes in : “ Why would you want to trade my $ 100 for your $ 100 ?
But look , my $ 100 comes with 5 extra dollars ! )
It ’s the same with a cup of coffee .
Starbucks requires that you buy the coffee you drink .
You get the coffee because you paid for it .
They do n’t sell at cost , either .
They ’re a business and they have coffee .
They ’re willing to give it to you , but only if you pay .
Banks do the same with their money .
If you do n’t want to pay interest , you must simply save up for the item yourself .
Or grow / grind / brew your own coffee .
You Do n’t NEED to Pay Interest
But you may consider the alternatives less - than - ideal .
You can choose to rent homes throughout your life , or until you save up enough to buy a house outright .
You can constantly lease ( rent ) cars , but that ’s generally a worse option than financing them .
I know this may sound like heresy to some , but if you actually need a different car and you do n’t have the money , you may have to finance it .
That ’s not an excuse to buy the newest , fanciest car even though money ’s tight ( unless that ’s how you want to live … ) but financing is a viable option .
Or you take out a student loan because you do n’t have quite enough money to pay for all your college now .
You could also put off college , but you may not consider that the best choice .
That does n’t mean you should n’t look for scholarships , grants , and earn money .
But in the end it ’s a choice .
In some cases it ’s something worse than “ less - than - ideal , ” like in cases where you ca n’t pay the rent without a loan .
But if you ca n’t pay the rent without a loan , you have more to worry about than interest .
In most cases , it ’s less urgent and more a matter of choice .
However You May See
It as Worthwhile
Like buying anything , you have to decide whether buying this money is a smart shopping decision .
Is what you ’re going for worthwhile ?
Micah decided that a PhD now was worthwhile .
( I decided that he was very worthwhile ! )
But we ’ve decided that carrying a balance on a credit card is not worthwhile .
He decided that financing a car was worthwhile .
Whether or not it was at the time , next time around we hope to pay as much as we can in cash ( and limit our car - shopping to sensible ones we can afford ) .
You have to make the choice whether the item is worth saving for or if it ’s better to pay more for the convenience of having it now .
A college education is valuable at any time , but many people want it before they go into the work force .
They believe it ’ll pay off in higher salaries .
If you ’re already going to pay rent , you may see a home as worth financing because you plan to live in it for many years to come .
So Is Charging Interest Unethical ?
On the part of the banks , charging interest just makes sense .
It plays to the rules of our society — you ca n’t force someone to give you something , you have to pay them for it somehow .
In this case , you ’re buying money .
And you ’re buying it so that you can have more time .
So you do n’t have to wait until you ’re 40 to buy your first house or so you can have a new book now instead of next week .
The only way the bank is willing to sell you their money is if you make up for the other opportunities they could have had to earn money with it .
If the bank does attempt to defraud you , deceive you about your payments , etc , then that is certainly unethical behavior .
Some actions taken by credit card companies are unethical .
Others get into very gray areas where you ’re not sure they were trying to be unethical , but it still feels like there ’s something wrong .
And sometimes the bank may not be defrauding you , but you did n’t fully understand the terms .
Like using a balance transfer card to buy things that will accrue interest until you ’ve paid off the transfer .
Which is why it ’s so important to read the fine print .
Do I believe that it ’s unethical for a bank to charge me interest ?
No , I do n’t think so at all .
To the Editor :
Re “ New Phase in Finance Crisis as Investors Run to Safety ” ( front page , Sept. 18 ) :
As we watch in awe , dismay and fear at the slow - motion unraveling of our financial system , we need to move from anger and blame to a reconsideration of some presumed truths .
First , as the federal government engages in acts to rescue one faltering financial institution after another not seen since the Great Depression , we must recognize that free  that is , unregulated  markets do not always self - correct and that the financial wizards of corporate America do not have all the answers .
Second , those same people , usually Republicans , must finally admit that if this exercise in socialized capitalism is acceptable , then having a government - run universal health care system is also acceptable and should not be denigrated as socialized medicine because it is not controlled by profit - making corporations .
Third , we are all in this together , and blaming one group or another will not solve the problem .
Of course , it is in human nature to be greedy , but it is also in human nature to be altruistic .
ANCHORAGE , Alaska -- Republican vice - presidential nominee Sarah Palin promotes herself as a small - government conservative .
But when Alaska government officials wanted to shut down a money - losing creamery , the governor overturned the decision after dairy farmers near her hometown complained the loss of subsidies would cripple them .
On June 8 , 2007 , a board overseeing the 71 - year - old state - run Matanuska Maid creamery announced the business would close after amassing $ 1.5 million in red ink since 2005 , the result of a run- up ...
Ron Paul gained a big internet following during the Republican primaries Texas Congressman Ron Paul has urged voters to reject Democrat Barack Obama and Republican John McCain and vote for a third - party US candidate instead .
Dr Paul said a former senior McCain adviser had asked him this week to endorse Mr McCain - but he had refused .
He is backing independent Ralph Nader , Libertarian Bob Barr and Green Party and Constitution Party candidates .
Dr Paul , who dropped his own bid for the Republican nomination earlier this year , has a strong internet following .
He told a news conference in Washington he had been contacted by ex-McCain adviser Phil Gramm , who was dropped from the campaign after he said the US was a " nation of whiners " over the economy .
Dr Paul said Mr Gramm told him : " You need to endorse McCain . "
He refused .
" The idea was that he would do less harm than the other candidate , " Dr Paul added , quoted by the Associated Press news agency .
' Realignment '
Dr Paul said the majority of Americans were unhappy with the choice on offer from the mainstream parties and urged the third - party candidates to bring their supporters together to vote against the " establishment candidates " .
Mr Nader , Green Party candidate Cynthia McKinney , a former Democratic congresswoman for Georgia , and Constitution Party hopeful Chuck Baldwin were among those to attend the news conference .
However , Mr Barr turned down the invitation , saying at his own news conference later that he had done so because Dr Paul failed to endorse one specific candidate .
Ahead of Dr Paul 's event , Mr Nader was quoted by AP as saying it would " raise the eyebrows " of commentators sceptical about their chances in November 's presidential election .
" This is the beginning of the realignment of American politics , " he said .
Mr Nader won 0.3 % of the vote in 2004 , when he ran as an independent .
In 2000 , when he stood as a Green Party candidate , he was blamed by Democrats for taking votes from Al Gore that might have prevented George W Bush 's narrow election win .
Thousands of people attended a protest rally held by the libertarian - leaning Dr Paul - who opposes the Iraq war - near the Republican National Convention in Minnesota , last week .
He won no contests in his party 's primary election season but raised large amounts of money and support online .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The cancellation of the first night of the Republican National Convention marks the renewal of the rivalry between George W. Bush and John McCain .
Since their bitter contest over the Republican nomination in 2000 , they have taken years to make peace .
But now McCain 's last chance has collided with Bush 's legacy .
Hurricane Gustav was " a big blessing , " according to a source close to the McCain campaign .
Facing a Katrina level wipeout -- the landfall in St. Paul of both President Bush and Vice President Cheney -- McCain felt trapped .
How could he prevent the President and Vice President from appearing at the convention ?
Only an act of God could intervene .
Suddenly , a hurricane whipped up in the Gulf and looked headed for New Orleans .
Like a divinely inspired miracle , a storm to blow away Bush and Cheney had been conjured .
The McCain campaign and the Bush White House negotiated terms that unfolded as a script over the past several days , several sources told me .
First , Bush announced he must oversee the preparations for dealing with the hurricane .
He would not be able to attend the convention .
Cheney , too , would drop out .
In order that Bush and Cheney not seem to have been humiliated , McCain cancelled the entire proceedings for the first evening .
Almost certainly , Bush had to cancel his planned speech while Gustav loomed .
But the sources say he did n't like the idea and felt pushed .
Bush is described by sources as " furious " at McCain for being deprived of his last appearance before his party , which nominated him twice , as a sitting president .
He believes he is being treated disrespectfully .
Shuttering the convention for a night was probably inevitable given the hurricane , but to provide a cover - up for scratching Bush and Cheney it became absolutely necessary .
But once the hurricane passed , Bush asserted his primacy as president and forced his way back on the schedule to deliver a satellite speech to the convention .
McCain is desperately seeking ways to pivot from Bush , whose in - person appearance on the first night of the convention threatened to obliterate his message as a " maverick " and " reformer . "
Even though McCain himself would not be onstage , Bush and Cheney would have dominated the opening and underlined continuity between their administration and McCain .
The cancellation of the first night of the convention is a small price to pay for their absence .
McCain 's campaign is perfectly aware of the mortal danger of Bush 's embrace .
He has needed the president to rally the Republican base .
But once he has the nomination his imperative is to project himself as an antidote to what has gone wrong with Republicanism .
McCain 's political quandary is paradoxical .
Bush has broken all parts of the Republican Party , as I document in my book , The Strange Death of Republican America .
McCain 's emergence as the party 's nominee has been made possible by its crackup , which he must transcend .
The primary field fractured the conservatives , none of whom were able to isolate the others and unite the whole movement .
None could do what Bush achieved in 2000 , running at the same time as the candidate of the party establishment and the conservative movement .
McCain historically has represented neither .
McCain 's selection of Governor Sarah Palin of Alaska reflected his impulse to reject Bush .
As I explained in a previous article in the Huffington Post , he really wanted to name Senator Joe Lieberman as his running mate , but that option was a political impossibility that would have provoked an open revolt at the convention .
Karl Rove tried to manipulate McCain into choosing Mitt Romney , endorsed by almost all members of the Bush family ( except the president who had to remain above the fray ) .
Rove organized a campaign against Lieberman and other potential choices .
There could be little doubt that Rove was doing Bush 's bidding .
But McCain , resentful of Rove 's maneuvering , outflanked him with Palin .
Bush is said to be dismissive of McCain 's pick of Palin , according to the sources .
Ironically , he is said to believe that now he will bear no responsibility if McCain loses .
The old rivalry , supposedly buried , has come back to life .
_______
About author Sidney Blumenthal is a former senior adviser to President Clinton .
Sidney Blumenthal is a former senior adviser to President Clinton .
sidney_blumenthal@yahoo.com
Ike vignettes : FEMA now has too many trucks Despite its criticized response , FEMA now has too many trucks
John Salvino and Sugarfoot head back to his truck at Reliant Stadium to await further instructions on where to deliver hurricane recovery supplies .
John Salvino and Sugarfoot head back to his truck at Reliant Stadium to await further instructions on where to deliver hurricane recovery supplies .
Photo : ERIC KAYNE , CHRONICLE Photo : ERIC KAYNE , CHRONICLE Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close
Ike vignettes : FEMA now has too many trucks 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Herman Hall arrived at the Hurricane Ike staging area at Reliant Park on Thursday , his tractor trailer filled with half - liter containers of water .
He expected to drop off the load he had driven from Fort Worth and repeat the trip .
Instead , he remained parked in a lot on Saturday , still waiting .
Hall is among the hundreds of truckers parked at Reliant , waiting to be told where to take their loads .
Hurricane supplies are being held there after the number of PODs , or points of distribution , in Houston and Harris County has been greatly reduced .
At $ 200 per day — $ 50 per day higher than his usual pay —
Hall is happy to sit and wait .
He has been watching television in the cab of his truck and enjoying three free meals daily provided by a catering company contracted by FEMA .
" The money makes it all OK , " he laughed .
John Herring , who works for a trucking company , said some independent contractors are commanding more than $ 1,000 per day from FEMA as they wait in the Reliant lot .
" It 's taxpayer money that 's being wasted , and I 'm upset with FEMA , " said one trucker , Bud Jackson , of Tennessee .
FEMA spokesman Marty Bahamonde said all contracts with trucking companies are negotiated prior to the start of hurricane season .
Through Thursday , the agency had shipped out more than 1,000 trucks filled with water , ice , and packaged meals , Bahamonde said .
He added that the trucks will likely be sent to a staging area in Beaumont and that the transfer will take " a day or two . "
" We should not look at this as problematic but as great — we have the need met here , " Bahamonde said .
Harris County Judge Ed Emmett , who previously was critical of FEMA , said the area 's need for hurricane supplies has dwindled here as grocery stores and restaurants have reopened .
" If FEMA does n't have enough supplies , people are really critical .
Now that FEMA has more trucks than they may need right now , I do n't see how they can be criticized , " he said .
JENNIFER LEAHY AND ERICKA MELLON
Dead animals collected
Federal crews took to the streets of Galveston and the Beaumont area Saturday to pick up dozens of dead cows and other large animals as concerns of a potential public health hazard increased .
Hurricane
Ike scattered cattle , horses and pigs from pastures to the strangest of places , and the foul - smelling decomposing carcasses could contaminate waterways and pose other health risks , said Kathy Dean , spokeswoman for the Natural Resources Conservation Service .
" This is so massive , " said Dean , whose agency falls under the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
" They did n't die in the fields where they were .
They got carried to people 's yards , parking lots , everywhere . "
Saturday morning , she said , a crew retrieved several dead cows on the campus of the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston .
In Jefferson County , a team has picked up some 40 carcasses , mostly cows and calves , along Texas 73 from Winnie to Port Arthur .
" Our priority today is to finish Highway 73 , " crew member Mike Stellbauer said .
" We also have crews working in Chambers County .
They 're pretty much doing the same thing we are .
They 're working on roads , people 's yards . "
Some estimates put the number of displaced livestock at 40,000 , and at least 4,000 dead cattle were found in parts of Chambers and Jefferson counties , the Associated Press reported .
The Natural Resources Conservation Service is asking people to report any large dead animals they find in Jefferson , Orange , Chambers and Galveston counties .
Crews will pick up the carcasses free of charge , Dean said .
ERICKA MELLON
Few get free generators
Thousands waited in a line that snaked around the Sunnyside Multi-Services Center on Saturday for what some believed was a power generator giveaway .
Instead , a select few families received free generators and other donated supplies , said LaToya Turner , promotions director for Majic 102 KMJQ .
Her radio station , along with KBXX 97.9 and KROI 92.1 , did provide free supplies to residents including ice , diapers , water and other drinks .
Some of those who showed had spent the night in line although the radio stations had asked people to observe the nightly curfew .
Sunnyside resident Lela Sutton , 67 , said she remains without power although she has food .
" It 's frustrating , really frustrating , " she said .
ROSANNA RUIZ
Welcome !
Welcome to RGB Classic Games .
This is a very simple web site about a very simple time .
The games that my friends and I spent our childhood playing are now at risk of being lost forever because modern operating systems no longer natively support them .
RGB Classic Games is devoted to preserving classic games for defunct PC operating systems ( DOS , CP / M - 86 , OS / 2 , Win16 , Win9x ) and making it easy to play them on modern computers .
This particular classic games site is a little more focused than most .
Companies and individuals produced thousands of shareware games for the PC and , like movies and books and anything else , a lot of them were n't very good .
Most sites aim for quantity .
This site is almost exclusively dedicated to games that were distributed commercially , except for a select few games that were extremely good and achieved the same level of quality .
Only the best games make it to this site .
This website is unique .
I am attempting to include every version of each listed game .
A lot of research has gone into making sure that all of the information on this site is correct .
You 'll quickly notice that there is no other web site that has all of these files in one place .
RGB Classic
Games is quite possibly the most complete , and most accurate classic DOS games resource in the world .
The highest ideals of this site are to support the authors by providing links to their web sites and ordering information for the full versions of games that are still sold , and to encourage the authors of classic games to preserve their games for future generations by making them available for sale or as freeware .
If you enjoy a shareware game , please consider buying it from the author .
All of the games on this site are freely distributable because they are shareware , freeware , or because the copyright holder has officially and legally released all rights to the public domain ( abandonware ) .
Margaret
Thatcher gets grilled by an ornery citizen on a live television program :
I 'm a fan of Thatcher ; I revere her ; she saved my native country ; she did n't just break a glass ceiling , she pulverized it into a million little pieces .
And she did this , whatever you think of her policies , by always being accountable , always available , always engaged , always eager for an argument on the toughest of grounds , armed with facts and figures and passion .
Democracies allow citizens as well as the press to question their potential leaders - rudely , aggressively , relentlessly .
The exchange above was one of her lowest points , and she had many high ones .
The reason I 'm posting this is to remind American voters what a real democracy sounds like .
The horrifying sequestering of Sarah Palin from a press conference and anything like this kind of public interrogation is a scandal .
Thatcher was already prime minister , about to be re-elected in a landslide when this debate happened .
And she was happy to be subjected to this from an average citizen .
This is what feminism looks like in action - from citizen to leader .
It 's important to remember how deep a decline in female political equality Sarah Palin represents .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Advertisements
While speaking to reporters in Long Beach , CA , Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin denied an AP analysis of her recent remarks suggesting that Barack Obama ’s relationship with Bill Ayers is akin to Obama palling around with terrorists were racially tinged .
Palin said , “ The Associated Press is wrong .
The comments are about an association that has been known but has n’t been talked about .
I think it ’s fair to talk about where Barack Obama kicked off his political career , in the guy ’s living room .
Palin also kept up the smear , It ’s important for Americans to know .
It ’s really important for Americans to start knowing who the real Barack Obama is . ”
The AP analysis by Douglass K. Daniel was careful to point out that Palin was not engaging in overt racism , but her remarks were designed to create a subtext , “ Palin ’s words avoid repulsing voters with overt racism .
But is there another subtext for creating the false image of a black presidential nominee ‘ palling around ’ with terrorists while assuring a predominantly white audience that he does n’t see their America ? ”
Advertisements
I do agree with Mr. Daniel in the respect that her remarks were designed to create a subtext , but I do n’t think that subtext was racially based .
I think that they were trying revive the failed theme that Obama is a radical who hates America .
Palin was lying when she said that the Obama / Ayers association had not been talked about .
The topic was not only talked about by Hillary Clinton during the Democratic primary campaign , but she also ran TV ads trying to raise doubts about Obama due to his association with Ayers .
What Palin is trying to do is straight out of the GOP 2004 playbook .
She is trying to create a scandal and doubts about Obama ’s character , but what happened to John Kerry in 2004 , Obama already faced these tactics in the primary , and is ready for them now .
What happened here is that Palin tried to Swiftboat Obama , but the media is n’t playing along this time , so her offensive move has ended up putting the McCain campaign on the defensive .
Palin defends her comments
Palin ’s original remarks
Techy Not Tacky : 5 High - Tech Watches That Do Much More Than You Expect
Watches tell a lot more than time : they tell your sense of style , the priorities you have in your life , and even give others a glimpse of how wealthy you are .
No outfit is complete without one , and there are many out there in the world for you to choose from .
However , in this day in age , a watch is also about the amenities and technology they hold within them .
Here are a few all - encompassing techy watches for you to keep your eyes out for as you hit the marketplace .
1. Sentel Tech Spy Watch Camera ( with 2 K Resolution )
If you ’re looking for an all - purpose watch that shows off a bit of class while matching with almost any outfit , then look no further than this beauty right here .
It blends just as perfectly with workout clothes as it does a designer suit , thanks to the shiny silver accents it has throughout .
Modernization meets a timeless look as this is no ordinary watch .
It also has a hidden camera lens in it as well .
That high definition camera lens is capable of capturing video , pictures , and even the audio in everyday activities .
This watch is made for professional - grade surveillance , so you know it can be trusted to withstand a hit or two .
It ’s entirely waterproof as well , so no need to worry about it if you get caught in the rain .
The trick is to have a watch that serves more than one purpose while giving off the impression of being a wrist accessory that ’s just for show .
Better yet , the watch and the camera run on two separate batteries .
So if you are n’t keen to charge the watch every single night , you ’ll still be able to tell time the next day .
Simply put : this watch offers a bevy of recording options for security and fun while also granting its owner ease of use and a stylish display .
Perfect for those that justify purchases with products that offer several benefits .
Purchase this special watch and have a reliable wrist watch for years to come .
2. Oliver Demangel ’s Solaris Watch
Want to look like you ’ve time - traveled to the party from the future with the watch you wear ?
Oliver Demangel ’s Solaris watch certainly gives off that vibe .
It looks as if you ’re preparing to beam up to space after the night is over with .
Gone are the days of the common hour and minute hands to tell the time for you as this watch tells the time by blue lights that are placed in the order of a clock .
Its sleek design gives off the vibe of a BMW sports car : futuristic , yet classy .
The best part is , it is solar - powered by the cells on its face so there wo n’t be a need for you to charge it ever again .
Sadly , it ’s not for sale just yet .
So if you ’re willing to wait it out or add onto your collection , this piece should be in high demand in the near future .
3. Casio G - Shock Gravity Master Watch
Is there anything that the G - Shock ca n’t pull into a timely and trendy look ?
They ’ve outdone themselves with the beautiful accents and finishes throughout this fine piece .
While this particular watch wo n’t have you recording video , it still serves a helpful mixture of GPS , solar panels for charging , and beautiful adjustments .
It ’s bulky - yet - purposeful look will turn heads as you wear it during a workout routine , pickup basketball , or hiking the local trail .
However , it also exudes a classiness that ties in well with your finest suit .
That way you get access to a trusted brand at a cost - efficient price .
4. Sony Ericsson LiveView Watch
Perhaps you chose this article looking for a type of smartwatch to pair with your Android phone .
If so , your patience has paid off in the form of the Sony Ericsson LiveView .
It has all the capabilities that you ’ve come to know an Apple Watch such as timekeeping , missed calls , and text display , but without the extra features you ’ll never use .
Many people use their smartwatch as a way to avoid having to pick up their phone 3,000 times a day for no reason .
If that ’s you , then the LiveView is definitely a perfect match .
5. Rolex Milgauss
Is a watch list complete without a Rolex included in it somewhere ?
Definitely not !
As with any of its other watches , Rolex goes above and beyond to ensure its clients are given access to all of the features without the hassle .
This Milgauss edition has high resistance to the magnetic interference that most watches suffer from at one point or another .
Its design is so elaborate that it has a shield in it ’s interior to protect any and all interference to the watch ’s features .
While a Rolex may be a significant cost , it ’s always well worth the investment with preventative aspects like the interference protection involved .
Most importantly , it ’s the mark of a higher class , which may be exactly what you ’re searching for .
If that ’s the case , then it does n’t get much better than the Rolex .
You Ca n’t Go Wrong With Techy Watches
Regardless of which of the copious amount of today ’s techy watches that you choose from , the hi-tech features in them will serve you well .
Be sure to circle back on Donklephant frequently so that you can stay in the know with all technological advancements .
Good luck finding the watch that suits you best ; sometimes it ’s the watch that chooses you … not the other way around !
A 19 - year - old hacker who published provocative photos of teen queen Miley Cyrus earlier this year was raided by the FBI Monday morning in Murfreesboro , Tennessee .
The hacker , Josh Holly , repeatedly bragged online about breaking into the Disney star 's e-mail account and stealing her photos .
He also gave interviews to bloggers and others and boasted that authorities would never find him because he moved so often .
[ Last month , Holly contacted Threat Level seeking to have an article written about him here . ]
But this morning the FBI did find him and , after talking with him for more than an hour about his exploits , served him with a search warrant and a list of items to be seized ( which was posted at the hacking site digitalgangster.com after Holly showed it to a friend ) .
When agents finally left his apartment after conducting an extensive search , they had three computers and Holly 's phone , among other things .
Hours after the raid , Holly phoned Threat Level from his sister 's phone to report what had occurred .
He has n't been arrested or charged with a crime yet .
Last December , Holly , who went by the screen names " TrainReq , " " Rockz " and " h4 x , " obtained access to a Gmail account Cyrus had once used ( messagemebaby@gmail.com ) and found images the Hannah Montana actress had purportedly sent to singer Nick Jonas of the Jonas Brothers .
Holly told Threat Level he tried to sell the pictures to TMZ.com and other celebrity outlets , but no one would buy them , given the illegal manner by which he'd obtained them .
He then posted some of them online at digitalgangster.com , after which numerous gossip and celebrity websites published them for free .
More photos followed thereafter .
The images showed the 15 - year - old Cyrus in a wet T - shirt in the shower , baring her midriff while blowing a kiss to a mirror , and posing seductively in her underwear and bathing suit .
Holly told Threat Level he stole about a dozen Cyrus pictures but only published the most provocative ones .
He said he got access to Cyrus's
Gmail account after obtaining unauthorized access to a MySpace administrative panel where he found passwords for MySpace accounts stored in cleartext .
He found the password Cyrus used for her MySpace account — Loco92 — and tried it on a Gmail account Cyrus was known to use .
The password worked on that account as well , but only for a couple of weeks before it was changed .
Holly said he obtained access to the MySpace administrative panel by social engineering a MySpace worker .
He was able to obtain a list of instant message buddies for one of the employees ( he did n't adequately explain to Threat Level how he'd done that before he ended our conversation ) and sent an instant message to an employee named C. Cho , using the screen name of another MySpace administrator .
Posing as the other administrator , he told Cho he was having trouble logging in to the MySpace administrative panel and asked if he could use Cho 's username and password .
Cho said yes , and Holly had access to the panel for about 16 hours , from about 3 a.m. to 7 p.m. one day , before
MySpace discovered its security had been breached and changed or canceled Cho 's log - in credentials .
Holly said he was resetting account passwords for MySpace users , which likely tipped off MySpace .
He also told Threat Level that he'd made about $ 50,000 exploiting an advertising scheme on MySpace accounts , but he did n't want the details published to avoid giving other hackers ideas .
Threat Level was unable to confirm the authenticity of his claim .
MySpace would n't comment on the case or on Holly 's assertion that the site stores its customer account passwords in cleartext , rather than encrypted format .
A spokeswoman said the company does n't discuss its security policies because it does n't want to place customer data at risk .
Hours before the FBI arrived at his doorstep , Holly posted a message online bragging that even though he was a known hacker , federal agents would never find him .
After the raid , he told Threat Level that authorities found him only because someone had called in a false fire alarm at his apartment a couple of weeks ago .
He told fire officials at the time that the call had been a prank and that he knew who had made it .
Holly said the local fire marshal , under the pretense of investigating the prank , contacted him Monday morning asking to meet at his apartment in 30 minutes to show him the photo of a suspect .
Holly agreed , but about 15 minutes later the FBI knocked on his door instead .
Holly said the agents initially claimed to be interested in the false fire alarm but soon turned the discussion to his hacking exploits .
" The fire marshal pretty much tricked me into giving information of when I 'll be home , " Holly said .
The agents came armed with a dossier of information they 'd amassed on his past activities – including online forums he had frequented and spamming activity he'd been involved in more than two years ago , which he said he 'd disclosed to only a few people .
" I guess somebody ended up ratting me out , " he said .
Holly said he agreed to speak with the agents for more than an hour because " I was just kind of scared and shocked at that time . "
He told Threat Level , " I was just kind of shaking .
I was thrown way off guard .
I 've never had anything like this happen before to a point that
I just did n't know what to do .
I was afraid to kick them out of my house . "
The FBI in Tennessee did not respond to a call for comment .
The U.S. attorney 's office for the Middle District of Tennessee , where the warrant was obtained , said it would not confirm or deny that a search had occurred .
Holly had been warned by fellow denizens at digitalgangster.com to stop discussing the Cyrus hack , but ignored the advice .
A hacker by the name of Padillac wrote Threat Level that he had little sympathy for Holly who , he said , had " been acting like an attention starved 8 - year - old . "
" The problem is that TrainReq truly believed he was untouchable , and unfortunately for him , in 2008 , it 's that type of reckless thinking that gets people raided , " Padillac wrote .
" While most of us have smartened up and left ' hacking ' behind , there are always newcomers like
TrainReq who learn how to do something destructive and then execute their newfound abilities carelessly without fear of repercussion .
...
[ B]ut whatever here comes his big day , i just hope he does n't expect to touch a computer for a few years . "
See Also :
WASHINGTON — The U.S. Senate approved a NASA authorization bill Sept. 25 that givesCongress the authority to spend up to $ 20.2 billion on the U.S. space agency in2009 and places new conditions on the agency ?s plan to retire the spaceshuttle .
Ifthe bill becomes law , NASA would be directed to take no steps prior to April30 , 2009 that would preclude the option of flying the space shuttle beyond 2010 , according to a congressional aide familiar with the legislation .
Theauthorization includes $ 1 billion to accelerate development of the Orion CrewExploration Vehicle and its Ares 1 rocket and $ 100 million for the developmentand demonstration of a commercial crew vehicle .
BothBarack Obamaand John McCain , the two major U.S. presidential candidates , have called out in recent weeks forNASA to keep its options open in regards to shuttle retirement .
Whilethe bill approves a 2009 budget that is approximately $ 2.6 billion above the White House request , it provides no actual money .
The House of Representativesapproved Aug. 26 a spending resolution that would keep NASA funded at its 2008 level of $ 17.3 billion until March .
Still , the bill would require NASA to submit to Congress within 120 days of enactmenta report on extending shuttle operations beyond 2010 .
NASA Administrator MikeGriffin ordered such an assessment in late August but said in an interview thatthe results would not be publicly released unless otherwise ordered byCongress .
Thebill would also formalize NASA ?s plan to launch two dedicated logistics flightsto the international space station and require the agency to add a flight todeliver the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer to the orbital outpost .
At the sametime , the bill also outlines conditions under which NASA could cancel thatmission , such as extraordinary marginal costs .
Beyondthe shuttle language , the bill would also send NASA into the next presidentialadministration with a fresh endorsement of its plan to replace the spaceshuttle with Orion and Ares and set its sights on a 2020 return to the Moon .
Whiletime is running out for passage of the bill , a congressional aide said the House of Representatives was poised to take the legislation up under asuspension of rules that would allow it to pass on a simple voice vote .
Barack Obama has had it up to here with his own weird names !
Want the most destructive assessment you can get of a John McCain policy proposal ?
Just ask McCain ’s own senior policy adviser , Douglas Holtz - Eakin , a formerly serious economist who has turned himself into a genuine political disaster .
For months , the McCain campaign implied its health - care plan would be budget - neutral .
But last weekend , Douglas Holtz - Eakin admitted to The Wall Street Journal that to fill the gap between the tax deductions McCain wants to end and the tax credits he wants to offer , a new Republican administration will have to cut something like $ 1.3 trillion from Medicare and Medicaid over the next ten years .
Missed that bombshell ?
Democrats working Florida did n’t .
In September , Holtz - Eakin infamously claimed that McCain helped create the BlackBerry , but his big gaffes go further back .
In June , he conceded that offshore drilling would n’t affect oil supplies or prices anytime soon .
In July , he submitted a budget plan to the Washington Post assuming McCain — the guy who says a withdrawal timetable would lead to genocide — will cut $ 150 billion a year from deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan by 2013 .
And when the Tax Policy Center discovered a $ 2.8 trillion gap between McCain ’s public proposals and his formal policies , Holtz - Eakin replied that just because McCain says something “ does n’t mean it ’s official . ”
Result : headlines like “ McCain May Not Speak for the McCain Campaign on the Economy . ”
And this week ?
Here ’s how Holtz - Eakin described McCain ’s new mortgage buy - up plan on Wednesday : “ We would in fact be taking the negative equity position and putting it on the taxpayers ’ books . ”
Tasty !
Latest Fraud : Florida Dems Told To Vote By Phone
SCOOP LINK : BREAKING : Florida Dems Told to Vote by Phone
By Randy Ananda , Op Ed News
For Full Story , See… BREAKING : Florida Dems Told to Vote by Phone
Adding to a lengthening string of vote suppression tactics , the GOP has now been accused of telling Democrats they can call in their vote for Barack Obama .
In the Florida Panhandle county of Okaloosa , Democratic Party headquarters received a report last week from a voter who claimed that she received a phone call advising her she could vote for Obama by telephone .
A volunteer who overheard the report relayed to OEN that the voter advised she was asked if she were Democrat and if she planned to vote for Obama .
Answering yes to both , she was told , " You can skip the lines and the inconvenience of voting at a polling place by dialing this telephone number ... "
After the voter dialed it , a pleasant voice said , " Thank you for your vote for Barack Obama . "
A second source from Okaloosa would only confirm that the matter had been forwarded to the legal department .
A phone call to the attorney for the Okaloosa County Democratic Party went unreturned .
OEN could not confirm the language of the alleged phone call .
Okaloosa has nearly 125,000 registered voters , one - fourth of whom are Democrats .
Tactics employed this year in Florida include :
* Jewish voters were targeted by phone calls claiming that Barack Obama donated funds to the Palestinian Liberation Organization .
For Full Story , See… BREAKING : Florida Dems Told to Vote by Phone
© Scoop Media
The latest breakthrough in a 120 year - old debate on the evolution of the bird wing was published in the open- access journal PLoS ONE , October 3 , by Alexander Vargas and colleagues at Yale University , the University of Wisconsin - Madison and Yale Peabody Museum of Natural History .
Bird wings only have three fingers , having evolved from remote ancestors that , like humans and most reptiles , had five fingers .
Biologists have typically used embryology to identify the evolutionary origin ( homology ) of structures ; the three fingers of the bird wing develop from cartilage condensations that are found in the same positions in the embryo as fingers two , three and four of humans ( the index , middle and ring fingers ) .
However , the morphology of the fingers of early birds such as Archaeopteryx corresponds to that of fingers one , two and three in other reptiles ( thumb , index and middle finger ) .
The fossil record clearly shows that fingers four and five ( ring and pinky finger ) were lost and reduced in the dinosaur ancestors of birds .
Further , the lack of expression of the HoxD - 11 gene in the first finger of the wing makes it most similar to finger one ( the " thumb " ) of the mouse , consistent with comparative morphology .
However , the mouse is only distantly related to birds ; crocodilians , in turn , are bird 's closest living relatives .
To see whether the evidence from mouse HoxD - 11 expression held up , Vargas and colleagues , working at the lab of Gunter Wagner at Yale , have examined the expression of this gene in alligators ; they found the expression to be , as in mice , absent only in finger one ( the " thumb " ) .
Developmental and evolutionary biologists are familiar with the phenomenon of homeotic transformations , in which one structure begins to develop at a different position within the body .
A famous example is the case of the fruitfly mutant antennapaedia , which develops legs on its head instead of antennae .
The new work by Vargas et al. rekindles the hypothesis that a " hometic frameshift " occurred in the evolution of the bird wing , such that fingers one , two and three began to develop from the embryological positions of fingers two , three and four .
" of course , vengeance takes me all over the world .
I was in Brazil yesterday .
They love their soccer . "
Jane Espenson , Buffy the Vampire Slayer , " Same Time , Same Place "
River of Gods
River of Gods
Eve's Alexandria
River of Gods
River of Gods
River of Gods
River of Gods
River of Gods
River of Gods
The Yiddish Policemen's Union
River of Gods
Brasyl
Brasyl
Brasyl
River of Gods
Parvati Nandha keeps her eye on the ball as it reaches the top of its arc and gravity overcomes velocity and it falls to earth , towards the crowd , a red bindi , a red eye , a red sun .
An aerial assault .
A missile from Krishan , seeking out the heart .
The ball falls and the spectators rise but none before Parvati .
She surges up and the ball drops into her upheld right hand .
She cries out at the sting , then yells ' Jai Bharat ! , ' mad on the moment .
The crowd cheers , she is marooned in sound .
' Jai Bharat ! '
The noise redoubles .
River of Gods
Brasyl
The whole nation went into shock .
We 've never recovered from it .
Maybe we expected too much ; maybe the politicians talked it up until it was n't just a game of soccer , it was Brazil itself .
People who were there in the Maracaña , do you know what they call themselves ?
' Survivors . '
That 's right .
But the real pain was n't that we lost the World Cup ; it was the realization that maybe we were n't as great as we believed we were .
Even in our shack on Morro de Pavão , listening to a radio wired into the streetlight with an oil drum for an amplifier , we still thought we were part of a great future .
Maybe now we were n't the nation of the future , that everyone admired and envied , maybe we were just another South American banana republic strutting around all puffed out like a gamecock in gold braid and plumes that nobody really took seriously .
River of Gods
Brasyl
River of Gods
Brasyl
Brasyl
Brasyl
Brasyl
Brasyl
Brasyl
Oscar Wao
Brasyl
Spook Country
River of Gods
Brasyl
( Part 1 is here At a panel at the most recent WorldCon , participants Charles Brown , Karen Burnham , Cheryl Morgan , Graham Sleight and Gary Wolfe were each asked to compose a list of 20 works of science fiction published during the last twenty years which they consider essential .
Morgan has a write - up here , and Niall Harrison discusses the results some more here , both noting that the only book to merit a mention all five lists was Ian McDonald 's River of Gods .
Excellent novel though it is , I do n't thinkwas singled out for this honor simply because of its quality , but because of the change it seemed to herald in SF 's attitude towards non-white , non-Western cultures .
Set in Varanasi several decades into the future , follows nine characters over a period of several days , during which they experience personal , national , and global upheavals .
It 's an unusual SF novel in that it tells its story from a foreign perspective .
Though there are white characters in the novel , they are clearly outsiders , and act mainly as observers .
The movers and shakers in the novel are all Indian ( or , using the Sanskrit name , Bharati , as the novel posits a breakdown of India 's component states into sovereign nations ) and the events it describes are driven by Indian interests -- a water - war between Bharat and its neighbor Awadh , the debate over ratification of the Hamilton Act , a US - based piece of legislation outlawing AIs over a certain level of sophistication which is staunchly opposed in Bharat because its economy depends largely on producing these AIs , a maverick businessman 's pie in the sky plan to develop a cheap and limitless source of energy .
McDonald describes India as a country fluctuating between tradition and modernity , in which technology makes new ways of life possible even as it reinforces old ones .
More importantly , he describes India as taking part in the future , shaping and being shaped by it .
It 's a positive , vibrant , and persuasive description , but also one that gives rise to a feeling of unease when one recalls that McDonald is , after all , a white man from Belfast .
What right does he have to write about India , much less to pretend to have captured its essence , much much less to imagine its future ?
When Nic Clarke of , a commenter disdainfully replied that the novel sounded to her like yet another cliché - ridden attempt by a Western writer to fetishize a nation that has become synonymous with exoticism .
This was not long after the genre blogosphere became embroiled in what 's become known as The Great Cultural Appropriation Debate of Doom , an offshoot of a WisCon panel discussing the depiction of cultures by authors foreign to them , and specifically non-white cultures by white authors , and the combination of these two discussions got me seriously reconsideringand my , at that point , uncomplicated affection for it .
McDonald 's India feels like a real place , but I have no idea whether he 's truly captured the country 's spirit and described its driving conflicts with fidelity .
He may very well have fictionalized a truth more complicated and nuanced than he was interested in depicting .
What 's kept me feeling positively towardsin spite of this realization is the fact that , as I noted above , his India is so strong and independent , so clearly its own entity directing its own fate .
may be a novel about India told by an outsider , but within the novel India is writing its own story .
When I heard that McDonald was going to followwith another foray into a foreign culture , I was equal parts apprehensive and hopeful .
Though the potential for fetishization and condescension was as great , I felt reasonably certain that the man who pulled offcould manage the same trick when it came to Brazil .
I should stress that I think Brasyl is an excellent novel ( and that I agree wholeheartedly with those who were shocked by its absence from the Clarke shortlist , which would have been a great deal stronger for its inclusion and that of ) .
It is beautifully written , thrilling , engrossing , and a hell of a lot of fun .
But I can't say that it passes the test thatjust barely squeaked past .
Much as I enjoyed the substance of , the experience of reading it was marked by an ever - increasing sense of unease at McDonald 's treatment of the real country in which his story is grounded .
unfolds in three alternating plotlines .
The first takes place in Rio de Janeiro in 2006 , and follows reality TV producer Marcelina Hoffman , who is in the early stages of developing a special about the Fateful Final , the decisive 1950 World Cup match in which Brazil , competing on its own soil against its neighbor Uruguay , lost the game by a single goal .
Marcelina 's despicable plan to track down the goalie who let the ball in and put him on trial on national TV is derailed when a person who looks exactly like her begins sabotaging her life , sending rude e-mails to her superiors , snubbing her friends , and offending her family .
In the second plotline , Edson , a small - time entrepreneur in 2032 São Paolo , falls in love with a shady ' quantumista ' - - a programmer of quantum computers , which can reach into alternate universes and use their own doubles ' processing power .
When she 's mysteriously murdered , and then reappears in the form of her alternate reality double , Edson scrambles to protect her while they try to work out who 's after her .
The third plotline takes place in 1732 , along the Amazon and its tributaries .
Jesuit priest Luis Quinn is dispatched to track down Diego Gonçalves , a member of his order who has set up his own kingdom deep in the jungle .
On his journey , Quinn teams up with French scientist Robert Falcon , and encounters a native tribe who possess the secret to seeing into parallel realities .
Armed with the knowledge gained from this ability , Quinn and Falcon , along with escaped slaves , establish their own jungle stronghold , and end up at war with Gonçalves .
Given the emphasis on alternate realities , it should come as no surprise that the three plotlines indo n't seem to belong to the same timeline -- the present - day storyline is n't even set in our world , as the real goalie in the Fateful Final , Moacyr Barbosa , died in 2000 .
As Adam Roberts and Nic Clarke both point out in their reviews of the novel , there are far more than three Brazils in it -- each character seems to have their own , slightly different version of the country .
Rich and poor , male and female , white and black ( actually , far more than that , since as McDonald points out in the glossary at the end of the novel Brazilian society distinguishes between 134 different skin tones , and many ethnic and national groups make up its population ) -- everyone has their own Brazil , and as Nic goes on to point out this superposition of different identities extends to the characters themselves , many of whom take on different personas in different settings .
This is all very well and good , but what 's lost in the shuffle is a sense of Brazil as an actual place .
There are many portions that moved and excited me in , but the one that 's stuck with me is the scene in which the character Parvati , a country girl who , as a result of a trend towards selecting for male children in her generation and the ensuing ' wife shortage , ' has married well above her class , goes to a cricket match between Bharat and England .
There 's a lot going on in this scene .
Krishan is Parvati's gardener , who has taught her about cricket and with whom she is falling in love , and in a moment she will face the scorn of her fellow wives , who see her actions as confirmation of her uncouthness .
But what 's driving Parvati in this moment , and what connects her to the thousands of people who cheer at her , is national pride .
It 's a feeling that cuts across national and cultural barriers .
Hell , it even cuts across indifference to sports -- I was n't even born at the time , and I do n't give a damn about basketball , but I know what an important moment it was for Israel when Maccabi Tel Aviv beat CSKA Moscow in the European championship semifinal in 1977 .
In this moment , in , India is entirely real , and as important to us as it is to Parvati .
It is the place she comes from , the place that made her what she is .
There 's no corresponding sense of Brazil 's reality , or of its importance to any of the characters , in .
The closest the novel comes to bringing Brazil , the actual country , alive is when it hands over the narrative to Marcelina 's cleaner , Dona Bebel , who tells her the story of the Fateful Final : This is , however , one of only a few instances in the novel in which Brazil is considered as a nation .
The question of its future -- world leader or banana republic - - is n't raised again , nor does it seem to matter to the rest of the characters .
Ifimagined India striding into the future , the future segment ofimagines a nation to which the future has happened .
This might still make for a worthy story if there was a sense that Brazil having been left behind is something that McDonald thinks we should be interested in , but national identity , character , and direction are hardly even mentioned in the future strand .
There is n't even anything uniquely Brazilian about the 2032 narrative -- certainly not in the way thatimmersed itself in Indian culture .
It is , instead , a by - the - numbers , albeit impeccably executed , cyberpunk - lite future with a few Latin touches to distinguish it from thousands of others just like it .
Brazil seems to have been sprinkled on , a backdrop rather than the point of the novel .
Of course , it may simply be that Brazil is n't the point of the novel .
Both Adam Roberts and Nic Clarke argue thatis n't about Brazil per se but rather about the idea of Brazil , and through it McDonald 's larger point about the multiplicity of identities -- many places in the same location , many personas in the same body .
This is probably true , but it seems to me like an explanation , not an excuse .
Why should it be acceptable for McDonald to use Brazil -- and not even the real Brazil but , as Roberts puts it , " a hyperbolically rendered , false - colour , triple - ply Brazil that is kept the right side of caricature only by McDonald 's great skill as a writer : a Brazil that is genuinely as sun-soaked , pepped - up , vibrant , sexy , coffee - flavoured , samba - rhythmic and spontaneous as people like to think it is " -- as a prop ?
How is this any better than the ubiquitous wise Native American guide or Magical Negro ?
That McDonald is , as Roberts notes , a fine writer whose portrait is lively and effortlessly persuasive does n't change the reductiveness of this portrait.ends with an epigraph by De Gaulle : " Brazil is not a serious country , " and whether or not we 're meant to read it ironically there is definitely a sense that , in , Brazil is n't being taken seriously .
It certainly does n't help that the same dismissiveness with which the novel treats its setting is extended to some of its characters , and that these characters are almost exclusively female and / or non-white .
Marcelina is a great character , probably my favorite in the novel -- she 's a strong , vital person who has no scruples or taste , and has therefore chosen to dedicate her skills to the most odious cause imaginable .
She 's not even evil , which would at least indicate some moral conviction -- just vain , and power - hungry for a specific type of power that means nothing by any realistic yardstick .
Her ordeal transforms her , but refreshingly enough that transformation is n't redemptive so much as liberating .
Marcelina never feels truly sorry for the things she did or wanted in her life as a reality TV producer , and she is n't humbled by her ordeal .
Rather , it makes her stronger , and at the end of the novel she joyfully dedicates herself to a higher purpose .
And that , I 'm afraid , is that for the novel 's interesting female characters .
Edson 's love interest , Fia Kishida , is something of a blank , as one might infer from the fact that she appears as two different women in the novel , who are nevertheless treated by both the narrative and by Edson himself as the same person .
Her first incarnation is one of the future plotline 's most egregious dips into cyberpunk clichés , a mirrorshades - and - attitudes construct we 've seen a million times before .
Her alternate self is more approachable , but also more subdued -- she spends most of the novel doing as she 's told by either Edson or her eventual employers , and hardly seems to make a single independent choice throughout the story .
Near the beginning of the novel , we learn that Edson is a cross - dresser , whose female aspect is called Efrim .
Nic
Clarke thinks that it 's very refreshing that this proclivity is mentioned as a matter of fact , that Edson , having invited Fia on a date , shows up as Efrim without any trepidation or fear of her reaction , and that Fia herself takes the discovery in stride .
In principle , I agree , but Fia is such a non-entity that her bemused reaction to Efrim feels less like her willingness to accept difference ( or an expression of the very great likelihood that , in 25 years ' time , proclivities and pastimes that we consider risqué will have gained mainstream acceptance ) and more like a lack of opinion .
Edson 's on - again , off - again relationship with a man who has also acted as his mentor for years was also , presumably , introduced as an illustration of the permissiveness of his culture , but the contrast between their palpable affection for one another and the lack of any chemistry between Fia and Edson means that , once again , the device backfires and cheapens her character .
There are few other female characters of note , and most of them are playing a type -- Dona Bebel and Marcelina 's mother in the present - day strand are standard Ethnic Matrons , and in the 1732 storyline Falcon takes a native lover who is also a type , though admittedly the slightly more positive one of the spirited , uncomplicated native woman whose matter - of - fact attitude is a welcome balm to a cerebral , civilized white man .
Though ostensibly dealing with Brazil 's dark history and the enslavement of its native population , this plot strand is really about the two white men , Quinn and Falcon , who lead the slaves to salvation .
When they arrive at their destination , a leader emerges from within the population , Quinn 's servant Zemba , an escaped slave .
Though the narrative regards him positively while he is in Quinn 's service and loyal to him , remarking several times on his courage and burning desire for freedom , as soon as he 's placed in charge of the ' City of Marvels , ' Zemba is described as a tyrant .
Falcon in particular resents him , considers him bloodthirsty and even , when Zemba tries to prevent him from leaving the city on a research expedition , sniffily replies that " I am not your slave . "
This transformation , from victim of exploitation to its perpetrator , is sadly not an unexpected one , and had the novel carried it through I might have less to complain about , but Zemba dies heroically for the City of Marvels , his previous excesses forgotten as he hands over the responsibility for his people to ...
Falcon , the white man .
It 's a story that might have been more palatable if the past storyline had had more room to breathe -- if we 'd gotten a chance to know Zemba as a complicated person , or to fully feel Falcon 's dedication to the city -- but this plotline is truncated , almost the highlights of a longer historical novel ( such as Barry Unsworth 's Sacred Hunger ) , and as a result does n't seem to be aware of the skeevy statements it 's making about the place of non-whites in the social hierarchy .
And that , I think , is what 's most upsetting about 's treatment of both gender and race -- that it leaves so much unexamined , reporting rather than commenting .
When we first meet Edson , he 's recruiting a new talent for his stable of entertainers , a young female football player .
Edson tells the girl that she has promise , but that she needs to perform in a thong , and perhaps get a boob job , if she wants a future in show business .
Later on he sells his contract for a women 's volleyball team , tempting his buyer by noting that they play topless .
It 's impossible not to comparewith The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao , which like it described a South American society mired in misogyny and racism , but whereas in Junot Díaz 's novel it seemed obvious that the ugliness of such prejudices , of an outlook on life that sees women as nothing more than ornaments and accessories , was being thrown in our faces in a deliberate assault on our senses , I can't help but feel that inMcDonald is simply throwing in some local color , or worse , playing the misogyny for a joke .
As I noted when I reviewed , one the reasons that Díaz can get away with such sharp criticism is that he is a member of the society he 's portraying .
It may be that McDonald , as an outsider , did n't feel comfortable advancing that same critique -- which , in a way , is an extension of the novel 's reductive attitude towards the country .
By any technical standard , is a much better novel than , and I enjoyed reading it a great deal more .
It has also , however , left a very bad taste in my mouth .
The promise made by , of a new science fiction landscape in which other cultures and other ethnicities were given their fair share of the future , has since been lived up to by other authors -- Geoff Ryman 's Air , some of Paolo Bacigalupi 's short stories -- but McDonald himself seems to have backslid .
Once again , it 's possible that I came towith the wrong expectations .
I wanted McDonald to do for Brazil what he had done for India , to consider it seriously and respectfully .
I won't , however , apologize for this expectation -- not when the result of its not having been met is so distasteful .
BowMaster Prelude
Your kingdom is under attack !
Defend against the incoming invading Trev' Ghar -- an evil medieval army attempting to eradicate your peaceful civilization .
You are armed with a legendary bow and can use a variety of spells and different types of magical arrows to defeat your enemy .
Use strategy to prioritize your targets and exploit their weaknesses .
You 'll even be able to summon allied units to help you in battle !
The war has just begun and the odds are against you but once again the time has come for you to be The BowMaster ...
See the in - game help for game instructions .
Have Fun !
Feel free to email me with your feedback .
My contact info can be found at lostvectors.com
If the screen does n't fit on your computer try the Low - Res 728x364 BowMaster Prelude Page
Technotes and Host Policy
If you have a website and would like to host this game then you may do so .
File Size : 2623 KB
Senators Barbara Boxer ( D - CA ) , Debbie Stabenow ( D - MI ) and Bob Melendez ( D - NJ ) castigate the Republican policies of the Bush administration that have brought us to this point and how a John McCain presidency will be just more of the same .
Senate Democrats :
Refusing to police lenders and neglecting to protect consumers enabled the subprime crisis that has brought first the American economy and now Wall Street to its knees .
Bush - McCain Republicans ' " anything goes " approach to governing cost Americans jobs and hurts the American taxpayer .
With the economic news only getting worse each day , Democrats believe that we must urgently pass another economic recovery package .
But Bob Geiger got the best statement on the state of the economy and John McCain from Sen. Bernie Sanders :
" One does try to get a handle on understanding what world Senator McCain and President Bush are living in when they would suggest that ``the fundamentals of our economy are strong . '
Clearly , they have not been talking to working families around the United States of America .
" My perception of the economy is if you get off of the country club circuit , you stop talking to the millionaires and the billionaires and the large campaign contributors , and you talk to ordinary working people , people who own small businesses , what you find , in fact , is that the middle class in our country is under more assault than has been the case since before the Great Depression . "
Well said .
This post was originally posted on Eco -Libris blog on August 30 .
Today I read a very interesting article at by Rod Edwards ( “ Paper from Wheat , not Wood “ ) , who reports from Canada about exciting developments in what seems as a very eco-friendly alternative to trees as the source of paper : wheat .
No , it ’s not the case of corn here where a food crop is transferred into ( what some think is ) an alternative “ green ” product .
We ’re talking here about pure agricultural waste – wheat straw .
The issue comes up following the printing of the Canadian National Geographic magazine ’s June issue , which was printed using 20 % wheat straw .
The rest of the paper was made of 40 % post - consumer recycled paper and 40 % virgin paper .
Well , the wheat straw pulp was imported from China ( because straw - pulping facilities have yet to be retrofitted in Canada ) , and that ’s not that eco-friendly , but the point was definitely made in terms of feasibility and quality of this alternative .
And the potential is huge , as we can learn from the Canadian printer Dollco , which was part of this effort and explains in its news release what could be the impact of using wheat straw for printing paper in Canada :
The majority of Canada ’s paper is currently made from Boreal forests and temperate rainforests .
Straw from Canada ’s wheat harvest could produce 8 millions of tonnes of pulp — equivalent to the paper volume used by the North American newspaper industry every year .
That could result in a saving of 100 million trees each year — without impacting food production or increasing energy inputs , while providing a new source of income for grain growers .
Sounds good to me .
Kind of the win - win deal we always look for in our search for green alternatives to virgin paper made of trees .
I always thought that agricultural waste or crops such as hemp ( which personally is my favorite of all these options ) can become eventually a significant part of the basket of green alternatives to the virgin - made paper .
The main obstacle I guess it the cost .
I could n’t find anything about it in Edwards ’ article , but I my guesstimation is that the main obstacle in spreading this alternative is cost – wheat straw is probably more expensive than virgin paper .
I guess this reality wo n’t significantly change until carbon dioxide will be taxed and then the pricing of wheat straw will be more competitive ( if not even cheaper ) .
This is the only way to make sure the June issue wo n’t remain a one - time green demonstration , and many publications will follow suit .
The wheat revolution can definitely start in Canada .
This point was also emphasized by Nicole Rycroft , executive director at Markets Initiative , who said : “ Canada is well positioned to become a leader in a brand new resource industry that is also an environmental solution for the twenty first century .
Our world needs environmental solutions .
Here ’s one at the farm gate and we ’ve identified hundreds of commercial paper consumers ready to buy it . ”
Kudos to all the parties behind this initiative – Canadian Geographic magazine , Ottawa printer Dollco , the Alberta Research Council , and the environmental advocacy group Markets Initiative !
We will keep following to learn how the wheat alternative will be further developed .
Move in & Move Out Cleaning Service Includes Kitchen Sanitization Cabinets cleaned inside and outside , Backsplash washed clean , Stove , oven , fridge , microwave , dishwasher cleaned inside and outside Bathroom Sanitization Cabinets cleaned inside and out , Showers are disinfected and soap scum removed , Toilets and sinks brought to a full shine
Peter Swire is a Senior Fellow at the Center for American Progress Action Fund and a professor at the Moritz College of Law the Ohio State University .
Read the full testimony ( pdf )
In recent months I have become increasingly aware of what I consider a deeply flawed policy .
The U.S. Customs and Border Patrol now takes the position that it can seize and copy the contents of a laptop or other computing device for a traveler entering the United States , based simply on its authority to do traditional border searches .
The government seems to believe that , if they can open a suitcase at the border , then they can open a laptop as well .
This simplistic legal theory ignores the massive factual differences between a quick glance into a suitcase and the ability to copy a lifetime of files from someone ’s laptop , and then examine those files at the government ’s leisure .
This issue has come into sharp focus since the April decision of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in U.S. v. Arnold .
That panel clearly ruled that CPB can seize a laptop computer at the border , and examine its contents , without any reasonable suspicion of unlawful activity .
Affidavits in that case and other credible reports show that agents at the border are going further — they are requiring travelers to reveal their passwords or encryption keys so that government agents can examine the full content of the laptop or other computing device .
Other witnesses today will go into depth about crucial objections to these laptop border searches , including constitutional prohibitions under the First and Fourth Amendments , ethnic profiling , and severe impact on commercial and individual travelers who are forced to reveal confidential records to the government .
My focus is different , drawing on my personal involvement in the encryption policy battles from a decade ago .
My thesis is that laptop border searches bear a striking similarity to the federal encryption policy that was attempted during the 1990s but reversed in 1999 .
My testimony presents a brief history of these “ crypto wars , ” as they were called .
In particular , the testimony describes the so - called “ Clipper Chip , ” where the government hoped to gain the encryption keys in advance for telecommunications devices .
The testimony then examines eight precise analogies between the failed encryption policy of the 1990s and laptop border searches .
For each of the eight critiques , the testimony explains how the critique applied to encryption policy and how the same argument applies to today ’s border searches :
1. Traditional legal arguments apply badly to new facts about computing
2. Government forces disclosure of encryption keys
3 . Severe violation of computer security best practices
4. U.S. policy creates bad precedents that totalitarian and other regimes will follow
5 . Severe harm to personal privacy , free speech , and business secrets
6. Disadvantaging the U.S. economy
7. Political coalition of civil liberties groups and business
8. Technical futility of U.S. policy
Since I became aware of the issue of laptop border searches I have spoken to an array of businesspeople , computer security experts , civil liberties advocates , and ordinary people who hear what the government is doing .
The reaction has been uniform : “ The government is doing that ?
They are just stopping people at the border , opening people ’s laptops and making copies of what ’s inside ?
It could happen to anyone , even if they ’ve done nothing wrong ?
That is simply not right . ”
I hope today ’s hearing will be an important step toward curbing the current practices .
Read the full testimony ( pdf )
Peter Swire is a Senior Fellow at the Center for American Progress Action Fund and a professor at the Moritz College of Law the Ohio State University .
Terrell Owens Controversy Comments ( Video )
is no stranger to controversy .
The Dallas Cowboys receiver was vocal about the teams Sunday loss to the Washington Redskins 26 - 24 .
TO was upset about his lack of opportunities to help the team and cried vocalized it for the media after the game :
" Everybody recognized that I was n't getting the ball in the first half . "
No word yet on areaction to his receiver 's comments but others are weighing in .responded to TO 's comments during ESPN 's Monday Night Countdown show .
Check out Terrell Owen 's video comments and a second video response from Chris Carter below .
A reader writes :
It 's about time we Obama supporters start giving the guy credit for running what has been perhaps the best political campaign in my lifetime .
Even in cases where I questioned his strategy and / or response , after the dust has settled I inevitably have come to the conclusion that Obama was right all along , and that my concerns were either baseless or based on incomplete information .
My analysis was similar to a lot of Democrats , I was wishing that he had gone after McCain a little harder and I was puzzled as to why he kept acknowledging that his opponent was right on specific points he was making .
However , much as that frustrated those who were already sold on Obama , it turns out that this was exactly the right tone to win over those who were either undecided or were soft supporters of Obama .
A week later , can anyone doubt that the real " soundbite " from that debate turned out not to be a soundbite at all , but rather McCain 's refusal to look at or engage Obama in a respectful manner ?
Those who identify themselves as independents rather than with either political party consistantly express their frustration with hyper - partisanship in Washington , and whatever his rhetoric , McCain 's body language in this debate ( as opposed to Obama 's ) gave them a clear indication about which candidate would be more likely to reach across the aisle to work with the other side .
Obama also seems to have struck almost EXACTLY the right tone relating to his " Commander in Chief " bona - fides , showing himself as a strong leader without bringing to mind the " angry black man " issues that would likely tank his campaign .
It 's easy to seem strong , and it's not at all difficult to seem conciliatory , but a performance that simultaneously does both is really nothing short of a triumph .
When you think about it , it 's astounding .
A first term African - American Senator with an Arabic name who is descended from and still related to Muslims in the post - 9/11 era is on the verge of being elected President of the United States .
If you submitted this script to Hollywood , they 'd laugh you off the lot .
The precise timing of the origin of life on Earth and the changes in life during the past 4.5 billion years has been a subject of great controversy for the past century .
The principal indicator of the amount of organic carbon produced by biological activity traditionally used is the ratio of the less abundant isotope of carbon , 13C , to the more abundant isotope , 12C .
As plants preferentially incorporate 12C , during periods of high production of organic material the 13C / 12C ratio of carbonate material becomes elevated .
Using this principle , the history of organic material has been interpreted by geologists using the 13C / 12C ratio of carbonates and organics , wherever these materials can be sampled and dated .
While this idea appears to be sound over the last 150 million years or so , prior to this time there are no open oceanic sediment records which record the 13C / 12C ratio , and therefore , geologists are forced to use materials associated with carbonate platforms or epicontinental seas .
In order to test whether platform - associated sediments are related to the global carbon cycle , a paper by University of Miami Professor Dr. Peter K. Swart appears in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
This paper examines changes over the past 10 million years at sites off the Bahamas ( Atlantic Ocean ) , the Maldives ( Indian Ocean ) , and Great Barrier Reef ( Pacific Ocean ) .
The variations in the 13C/12C ratio are synchronous at all of the sites studied , but are unrelated to the global change in the 13C / 12C ratio .
It appears that records related to carbonate platforms which are often used throughout the early history of the Earth are not good recorders of the 13C / 12C ratio in the open oceans .
Hence , the work presented suggests that assumptions made previously about changes in the 13C / 12C ratios of carbonate sediments in the geological record are incorrect .
" This study is a major step in terms of rethinking how geologists interpret variations in the 13C / 12C ratio throughout Earth 's history .
If the approach does not work over the past 10 million years , then why would it work during older time periods ? " said Swart .
" As a consequence of our findings , changes in 13C / 12C records need to be reevaluated , conclusions regarding changes in the reservoirs of carbon will have to be reassessed , and some of the widely - held ideas regarding the elevation of CO 2 during specific periods of the Earth 's geological history will have to be adjusted . "
The study is funded by the National Science Foundation and the Comparative Sedimentology Laboratory at the University of Miami .
Harvard ( TGW ) – SiOnyx is using a material , “ black silicon ” , Harvard scientists accidentally discovered almost 10 years ago that is 100 to 500 times more sensitive to light than traditional silicon .
The silicon is produced by placing ordinary silicon into a vacuum chamber together with sulfur hexafluoride gas and exposing it to ultra- intense laser pulses equivalent to the collective strength of the total sunlight hitting Earth concentrated on a surface area that 's about the size of a human fingernail .
The treated silicon can absorb twice as much visible light as regular silicon and unlike standard silicon is sensitive to invisible infrared light .
It can absorb approximately 96 to 98 percent of visible light .
SiOnyx , a three year old startup with $ 11 million in the bank , has licensed the material .
Black silicon could radically change the solar industry .
Furthermore , black silicon can be manufactured using the same equipment used today .
Via :: Good Clean Tech
Some of the first protons to be accelerated inside the Large Hadron Collider smashed into an absorbing device called a collimator at near light speed , producing a shower of particle debris recorded in this image .
About an hour later the beam completed a full circuit of the 27 km tunnel , to cheers from physicists CERN
Protons have made their first complete lap of the world ’s most powerful accelerator to cheers and high fives from assembled physicists .
At 1025 ( local time ) scientists sent a single beam of protons in a clockwise direction around the full 27 kilometres of the Large Hadron Collider at the CERN laboratory near Geneva , Switzerland .
The journey began at 0930 when LHC project leader Lyn Evans and his team launched protons into the ring .
Progress was made in short steps of a few kilometres , so that physicists could learn how to steer the beam , which is travelling at 99.9998 % the speed of light .
Advertisement
Steering particles
The LHC ’s tunnel is filled with devices called collimators , which steer the beam every few kilometres .
Evans and his team opened the collimators one by one when they were sure that they could steer the protons precisely .
The machine worked better than anyone expected .
It took only 55 minutes for physicists to steer beams around the full 27 km , and the LHC worked on its first go , far better than anyone dared to hope .
Earlier Evans said that he did not know how long it would take his team to circulate the beam .
“ It took us 12 hours to circulate a beam around the Large Electron Positron Collider , ” says Evans .
The LEP Collider was the LHC ’s predecessor that was shut down in 2000 .
Giant freezer
Physicists working on two of the giant experiments – CMS and ATLAS – have seen sprays of particles in their detectors as protons smashing into the collimators next to the detectors ( see image , top right ) .
The day was not without its dramas , however .
During the night , part of the cryogenic system that keeps the ring chilled to 1.9 kelvin ( just above absolute zero ) failed .
The ring has to be cold for the powerful magnets to work .
Physicists managed to fix the problem overnight and started the day ’s tests on schedule .
Evans hopes initially to circulate the beams many times in the clockwise direction .
The team will attempt to repeat the test later today , but sending protons around in the opposite direction .
However , it will be several weeks before physicists accelerate two proton beams travelling in opposite directions to their full energy of 7 teraelectronvolts , and smash them head on .
The Large Hadron Collider – Find out more about the world ’s biggest experiment in our special report .
While many congregations of different faiths preach against drug abuse , it has been unclear whether a youth ’s religious involvement has any effect on his risk of drug abuse .
Now a new national study by two Brigham Young University sociologists finds that religious involvement makes teens half as likely to use marijuana .
The study – which will be published October 13 in the Journal of Drug Issues – settles a question scholars have disagreed on in the past .
" Some may think this is an obvious finding , but research and expert opinion on this issue have not been consistent , " said BYU sociology professor Stephen Bahr and an author on the study .
" After we accounted for family and peer characteristics , and regardless of denomination , there was an independent effect that those who were religious were less likely to do drugs , even when their friends were users . "
The study , co-authored by BYU sociologist John Hoffmann , also found individual religiosity buffered peer pressure for cigarette smoking and heavy drinking .
The term religiosity as used in the study has to do with people 's participation in a religion and not the particular denomination .
Hoffmann said the protective effect of church and spirituality supplements the influence of parents .
advertisement
“ Parents should n’t force it , but they can encourage spirituality and religion in their families , which in itself becomes a positive influence in their children ’s lives , ” Hoffmann said .
Two data sets were used in the study , 13,534 students who participated in the National Longitudinal Survey of Adolescent Health and 4,983 adolescents in a state - wide survey of Utah schools .
Individual religiosity was measured by two questions : one asked the students how frequently they attended church and the other asked the students to rate the importance of religion to them .
" The power of peers is less among youths who are religious , " Bahr said .
" Meaning if you are religious , the pressure from peers to use drugs will not have as much effect . "
However , researchers found that religiosity did n’t have the same effect on use of illicit drugs such as cocaine and heroin .
Professor
Bahr gave his insight as to why :
" There are pretty strong social norms against illicit drugs throughout society , " Bahr said .
" So even if you are n't religious , you receive many messages against illicit drugs .
But that may be less so for drinking , smoking and even using marijuana , which tend to be strongly opposed by many religious groups . "
Another result showed that the religiosity within the community as a whole does not play as big a role as formerly thought by researchers .
" Previously , it was thought that if someone grew up in a religious community and went to church , then the community ’s religious strength would make a difference , ” Bahr said .
“ We basically found that this was not the case .
Individual religiosity is what makes the difference . "
River View did n't lose poise in win at Coshocton
River View saw an 11 - point lead disappear in the third set against Coshocton , but this time the Lady Bears did n't wilt under pressure .
From the world 's tallest skyscraper to the world 's highest popping toaster , it seems like a day rarely goes by without news of some sort of record being broken .
As far as consumer gadgets are concerned , everyone claims to have the biggest , smallest or the fastest product on the market — but just because it's in the press release does n't make it true .
No so with the following 10 gadgets — these are sure - fire record breakers .
Although , in some cases , you will require record amounts of cash to get your hands on one .
World ' Fastest Production Car :
Advertisement
During a speed test in Washington state , the twin - turbo , 1183 hp SSC Ultimate Aero hit an average top speed of 255.83 mph .
That 's about 3 mph faster than the next closest production car — the Bugatti Veyron .
[ Link ] World 's Fastest Production Motorcycle :
Advertisement
The SSC Ultimate Aero speed test was n't the last time the $ 1.7 million Bugatti Veryon got smacked around .
Listed as the world 's fastest production motorcycle , the ( claimed ) 194 hp 2008 Suzuki Hayabusa is actually quicker than the Bugatti .
And it 's a steal at only $ 12,000 .
World 's Biggest Plasma Television :
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Who could forget the enormous 150 - inch plasma Panasonic unveiled at CES ?
The 2160 x 4096 resolution screen is truly breathtaking in person , but only the richest of the rich will be able to afford this beast when it hits the market next year .
[ Link ] World 's Smallest HD Camcorder :
Advertisement
Sony 's HDR - TG1 is currently the smallest HD camcorder in the world , packing 1920 x 1080 HD video recording into a 1.3 x 4.7 x 2.5 - inch titanium frame .
Sure , there are other camcorders that claim to be the smallest , but no one can argue with the scientific accuracy of David Pogue 's eyeball test .
[ Sony via Link ] World 's Smallest USB Drive :
Advertisement
There are several manufacturers that claim their USB drive is the smallest , but the current leader appears to be Super Talent with an 8 GB choking hazard that measures 31.3 mm x 12.4 mm x 3.4 mm and weighs less than a nickel .
Available for around $ 30 .
[ Super Talent via Link ] World 's Most Powerful Consumer Flashlight :
Advertisement
Wicked Lasers ' 4100 lumens
Torch flashlight will not only turn night into day , it can also be used to start campfires , scramble eggs , light cigarettes and melt faces .
Available for $ 300 .
[ Wicked Lasers via Link ] World 's Smallest Working Revolver :
Advertisement
The SwissMiniGun is the smallest working revolver in the world at a mere 2.16 - inches .
It fires mini 2.34 mm caliber ammo at 426.5 f/sec — which is probably enough to kill you ... or at least give you a nasty welt .
[ SwissMiniGun via Link ] World 's Biggest Record Collection :
Advertisement
Paul Mawhinney spent a lifetime amassing a record collection consisting of over 3 million titles — and now it can be yours for around $ 1 a record .
That is a real bargain when you consider that the collection has been appraised at over $ 50 million .
[ Greatest Music Collection via Link ] World 's Most Expensive Home :
Advertisement
How much home can you buy for $ 2 billion ?
If chemical giant Mukesh Ambani 's record breaking home in Mumbai is anything to go by , it will get you 22 stories , 400,000 square feet , and enough gadgets to trick out a football stadium .
[ Link ] World 's Most Complicated Watch :
Advertisement
It took five years to plan and four years to build , but in the end watchmaker Patek Phillipe created what is surely the most complicated watch in the world with the Calibre 89 .
It features an astounding 33 functions , 24 hands and 1,728 unique parts .
There are only four in the world and one was recently sold for nearly $ 6 million .
[ Calibre 89 and Forbes ]
Posted on October 20 , 2008 in Images
The comparisons to much of the rhetoric and language used by the McCain campaign frighteningly contain many of the same sentiments of the above leaflet , which was handed out in Dallas , Texas the day of John F. Kennedy ’s assassination .
Indeed , words and phrases like “ anti-American ” , “ anti- Christian ” , and “ treasonous ” are more of a call to arms than a call to the ballot box .
With this in mind , we should all be cautious of what the Republicans are aiming for in their attacks on Barack Obama .
Enjoy what you read ?
Subscribe to Prose Before
Hos via email or via RSS feed .
[ tags ] john f kennedy , jfk , assassination , treason , traitor , terrorism , barack obama , assassinate , violence , shooting , anti-american , incitement towards violence , dallas , texas , JFK assasination , flyer , pamphlet , wanted for treason , foreigner , history , historical pamphlet , john kennedy , fox news , anti-christian , communist , pro-communist , socialist , republicans , democrats [ / tags ]
Take action for Liberty each and every day .
Support an open press .
Teknosis ' continued operation and existence crucially depends on your informative contributions , donation or paying forward , partnering with or purchase of items advertised here .
Thank you .
++++++++++++++++++ ++
Donate via PayPal ++ ++++++++++++++++++
Biometics
The Best Vape Juice Flavors
Finding the best flavors in vape juice is a very subjective thing .
With all of our own preferences and our own tastes , it 's hard to define what is the best tasting vape juice .
When we developed our flavors , we wanted to try and create a catalog of flavors with different tastes in mind .
In each category of our flavors ( menthol , fruit , dessert ) , we have created different flavor profiles that we hope cater to different people 's preferences and taste buds .
With no clear answer as to what the best vape juice flavors are , it 's something that you will have to decide for yourself .
The journey every vaper takes in the beginning is to try many different brands and see which flavors you like the most .
With our catalog of 25 E Liquid flavors and 9 Nicotine Salt flavors , we hope you 'll find something you like in our collection of e liquids .
By Wellington Chibebe
September 20 , 2008 -- The Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions ' General Council today met in Harare to deliberate on the recent signing of the power - sharing deal between the Zimbabwe African Nation Union - Patroitic Front ( ZANU - PF ) and Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) , which was held on September 15 , 2008 .
After deliberating on the issue and taking a closer look at the deal , the General Council noted that the deal is a far cry from the ZCTU 's expectations and that it is an outcome of a flawed process .
Instead , the General Council noted , the deal is all about power - sharing between ZANU - PF and MDC , leaving out primary causes of the dispute which has created the current political and economic impasse currently prevailing in the country .
It also noted that the process used in coming up with the deal was not all - inclusive as the civic society was not given an opportunity to participate .
The exclusion of such critical sectors as labour , the General Council noted , and the secretive manner in which issues were discussed , do not give credence to the outcome of the deal .
The council then resolved that an all - inclusive dialogue is the only way forward to resolve Zimbabwe 's political and economic impasse .
Ownership of the dialogue process should rest with the people of Zimbabwe , not just a few politicians , some of them who have been rejected by the electorate .
The General Council also resolved to treat the deal as a ``temporary stop gap measure '' because it denies Zimbabweans the right to choose a government of their choice through a democratic process .
In all its dealings , the ZCTU said it will treat this arrangement as a temporary measure , capable of dealing with outstanding demands from labour , in the absence of an elected government ..
ZCTU continues to advocate for a Neutral Transitional Authority and the drafting of a people - driven constitution which will lead the nation into a free and fair democratic election where people will choose their own government .
The current temporary arrangement has not created a People 's Government .
The General Council further resolved to urgently engage MDC President Morgan Tsvangirai by Saturday , September 27 , 2008 to directly brief it on the deal .
[ Wellington Chibebe is general secretary of the Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions . ]
* * *
As background to the ZCTU document , below is Stephen O'Brien 's -- Green Left Weekly 's writer on Zimbabwe affaris -- analysis of the new government of national unity in Harare .
Zimbabwe : Deal ‘ no cause for celebration ’
By Steve O'Brien
September 20 , 2008 --
While many Movement for Democratic Change activists are confident that the power sharing agreement between the ruling ZANU - PF and the MDC is a step forward , there are widespread concerns about the deal .
Many in civil society argue they have been left out of the process and that too much ground that has been surrendered to President Robert Mugabe , the loser of elections held earlier this year .
Zimbabwe has a strong tradition of community resistance , involving grassroots community activists and progressive Church , human rights and trade union organisations .
In February , these forces held a People ’s Convention that adopted “ The Zimbabwe People ’s Charter ” , based on a people - driven solution to Zimbabwe ’s economic and political impasse .
The power - sharing deal , however , is not based on this program .
Under the agreement , Mugabe will retain the presidency , MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai will become prime minister and Arthur Mutambara , the leader of a small MDC breakaway faction , becomes deputy prime minister .
Cabinet ministers are allocated among the parties , with ZANU - PF allotted 15 portfolios , Tsvangirai ’s MDC 13 and Mutambara ’s faction three .
The Mutambara group broke away from the MDC in October 2005 to participate in Senate elections that were widely seen as a corrupt farce .
This was against the wishes of Tsvangirai .
The Mutambara group have always loudly criticised the official MDC for its lack of democracy .
The Mutambara group competed against the MDC in the recent elections , winning 8 % of the vote and a handful of seats , and from this base have played an exaggerated role in negotiations .
ZANU - PF has played on this division in the MDC to gain political space and try to hold onto key ministries , such as finance , defence , local government and information .
This would allow Mugabe , at least in the short term , to continue to print money to pay his generals and ensure control over state propaganda .
Mugabe , however , has been forced to negotiate from a position of weakness .
Despite hyperinflation , a crumbling economy and lack of popular support , he still appears to command the loyalty of the military hierarchy .
The generals are concerned that a open - ended deal with the opposition would expose them , and many of the top echelons of ZANU - PF , to prosecution for human rights violations and put their ill - gotten wealth at risk .
ZANU ’s political and military elite have grown extremely wealthy since independence , in many cases facilitated by white capitalists linked to Britain and the old Rhodesian regime .
Key business partners of the ZANU - PF nomenclature include Nicholas van Hoogstraten , a banker and tourism operator who owns rich farmlands and more than 200 properties in Harare , and John Bredenkamp , sanctions buster and arms dealer for Ian Smith , Mugabe ’s white - supremacist predecessor .
Other member of this gang include “ Billy ” Rautenbach , car dealer and diamonds trader , and Lionel Dyke , who has made millions in the landmine clearance business .
For the ZANU - PF clique , the negotiations and ongoing struggle with the MDC are about protecting this looted wealth .
Sections of the MDC have already indicated their support for “ wealth creation ” , and presumably wealth protection .
According to Senator David Coltart from Mutambara ’s MDC faction , the accord represents an opportunity for the “ sale of the century ” , especially in minerals and tourism .
The neoliberals have their plans ready for Zimbabwe .
A United Nations document entitled “ Comprehensive Economic Recovery in Zimbabwe ” calls for the introduction of measures to “ clear outstanding arrears ” on the foreign debt and “ strategies for privatization ” .
It was the application of such standard neoliberal economic recipes in the late 1990s that contributed to Zimbabwe ’s current economic mess .
When layoffs , deregulation and service cuts shattered the living standards of workers and peasants , the resulting protests and strike waves lead to the formation of the MDC in 1999 .
Ironically , Mugabe retreated from a wholesale application of structural adjustment to help prop up his popularity .
The MDC is likely to complete the job that ZANU - PF partially retreated from .
The social costs of further job losses and the user - pays principle are once again likely to impact most severely on Zimbabwe ’s workers , students , small farmers , urban dwellers and HIV sufferers .
If the expected benefits of political stabilisation and taming hyperinflation do not reach quickly Zimbabwe ’s long - suffering people , then Tsvangirai may very well have his own crisis of legitimacy .
Reservations about the South African - brokered deal have also been expressed by Zimbabwe ’s National Organisation of Non Government Organisations .
According to NANGO the deal is not the “ the transitional authority that NGOs and civil society had demanded ” and , as it reinforces a “ culture of impunity ” , it is not a cause for celebration .
From Green Left Weekly issue # 768 24 September 2008 .
Even as They Seem to Remain Clueless About the War They Are Up Against ...
Brad Friedman Byon 9/16/2008 , 2:32 pm PT
-- Brad Friedman
I 've been quite critical of the Obama / DNC plan ( or lack thereof ) for " election protection " this year , noting that it looks , smells and sounds a lot like a slightly beefed - up version of the Kerry / DNC " we'll have thousands of lawyers in place on Election Day should anything go wrong . "
On Election Day , of course , if DNC lawyers are still trying to keep up with what 's going on , it 's already game over .
While for years Osama Bin Laden and Muslim extremists had supposedly declared war on the U.S. , as the legend goes , America paid little attention until it was too late .
So it is with the raging Republican War on Democracy , where proactive steps are necessary ( beginning long ago , but we 'll take what we can get at this point ) to join the war and push back against the GOP 's assault on the most democratic of all values , the right to freely cast one 's vote , to have that vote counted , and to have it counted accurately .
Back in 2006 , after speaking to a group of DNC election attorneys in Chicago , I wrote about the " Dysfunction at the DNC " and the persistent cluelessness they had displayed at the time concerning a number of very real threats to our electoral system .
While Obama has certainly displayed a tendency to understand at least some of the issues at stake --- far more so than his ' 04 counterpart --- the party , from every sign I 'm able to get , remains out of touch with the serious threats they face : from the massive front - end disenfranchisement efforts , about which they are at least somewhat aware , to the back - end disenfranchisement efforts via manipulation and / or often - undiscoverable " tabulation error " of completely un-transparent electronic voting systems used in virtually every county , in every state in the union .
So we may be grasping for any optimistic straw we can find here , but at least today we have one such sign of proactivity from the Obama / DNC that we can tell you about ...
Last week , Eartha Jane Melzer in the Michigan Messenger , quoted James Carabelli , the chair of the Macomb County , MI , Republican Party , as saying that the state GOP had plans to use lists of foreclosed homes in order to challenge voters at the polls on Election Day .
" Lose your house , lose your vote , " the eye - catching , to - the - point headline of Melzer 's article declared .
" We will have a list of foreclosed homes and will make sure people are n’t voting from those addresses , " Carabelli reportedly told the reporter .
Yesterday , in St. Clair Shores , Michigan , at least five days after the comment was reported , the Obama campaign finally spoke out publicly about the outrage in the form of comments from Joe Biden , during a rally in the key " swing state . "
As seen in the video at right , some 21 + minutes into his 30 minute speech ( hat - tip Jill from " Brilliant at Breakfast " ) , Biden declares ...:
Ladies and gentleman , I heard , I was told yesterday , that there 's a a Republican County Chairman right here in you state , Michigan , that said that they 're keeping a list of foreclosed homes , suggesting that anyone who lost their home in foreclosure should also lose their right to vote .
[ crowd boos ]
Ladies and gentleman , if you 're worried about losing your home , you should vote , you should for the guys who are prepared to help you keep your home , not those would take it away !
So while Biden acknowledged the reported GOP assault on the right to vote , out loud , he used the opportunity to suggest voters should vote for him and Obama .
He did n't bother to speak about what his campaign planned to do to assure those voters could actually cast a vote for him , given the efforts supposedly planned to keep them from doing so , or to assure that those votes would be counted and counted accurately .
The good news , then , today --- and again , we may be grasping at straws , of course --- Mark Halperin , writing for Time magazine 's " The Page " blog , reports on a conference call this afternoon where the Obama campaign and the Michigan Democratic Party announced they are filing an injunction [ PDF ] to block the alleged " vote caging " scheme by the GOP in MI .
" It is an absolute attack on their right to vote , " Obama counsel Bob Bauer says on the call , as reported by Halperin , and a " completely false and completely illegal basis " to challenge votes .
He went on to note that " this is a standard operating procedure within the Republican party that ’s been under legal challenge . "
After the story of the GOP plans to use foreclosure lists to challenge voters was first reported , Caribelli then claimed he " never said anything even close to that .
We wo n't be doing voter challenges on foreclosures , and we 've never had a plan to do it . "
And if you believe that , I can get you a really low adjustable rate mortgage on a recently available foreclosed home in Detroit .
Bauer went on to respond , during the call , to a reporter who'd asked about the GOP 's continuing voter fraud canard ( versus real concerns of election fraud , via disenfranchisement , electronic manipulation of tallies , etc. ) that Republican phonies have been pushing for so many years , and continue to disingenuously ramp up each and every day now , through a massive disinformation campaign [ PDF ] .
" If you look across the United States at the moment , at lawsuits that Republicans have either filed , or practices in which they 've engaged in various states --- like Wisconsin and Ohio --- the threats to the electoral process this year is n't coming from [ voter ] fraud , which is bandied about , for frankly political purposes as far as we can tell , " Bauer responded .
" The threat here is through massive voter suppression , which , as I said , follows a national pattern , " the DNC attorney continued .
" What we 're dealing with is a national and systematic campaign to disenfranchise voters through a variety of well - established mechanisms of voter suppression within a political party that has been continually called to account for this conduct in the courts . "
He is , of course , correct about the " massive voter suppression " efforts which lay at the heart of the GOP strategy to " win " this year .
As to his , and the rest of the Obama / DNC 's apparent inability to understand that simply ensuring voters get to vote is not nearly enough , all signs are that they have a very long way to go , and their continuing ostrich act may well cost them yet another Presidential victory this year .
A segment of today 's conference call , discussing the Dem plans to counter the GOP 's alleged vote caging scheme in Michigan , follows below [ appx . 15 mins ] ...
The irony of today 's announced lawsuit is that just yesterday the McCain campaign launched what they are calling --- presumably with a straight face --- their " Honest and Open Election Committee " and a website to go with it on which they make a number of claims about " transparency " and " zero tolerance for fraud . "
I 'll try to withhold judgment on their new initiative for the moment , as I 've been trying to invite a spokesperson for that effort to join me to discuss it tomorrow on KPFK / Pacifica 's " Special Election Year Coverage , " which I 'll be hosting live at 2 pm PT ( 5 pm ET ) here in Los Angeles .
While we 're still trying to get a commitment from one of their reps to come on and discuss these issues , unfortunately , the Obama campaign has similarly failed to offer a spokesperson to discuss their " election protection " efforts on the show yet either .
If neither of them cares to come on and discuss their plans , I guess I 'll have to do it without them , which would be a shame --- probably for them --- so I hope one or both decide to show up .
And I hope the Obama folks begin to wake up , big time , to the war that they still do n't even seem to realize they are in .
slashed in now available starting at just $ 5 !
Prices nowin The BRAD BLOG's 2008 Election Integrity Fund Drive !
Please support our continuing coverage of your election system , as found nowhere else .
Click here for a number of cool new collector 's edition Premium products
Updated from 2:22 p.m. EDT
Stocks in New York were falling sharply again Thursday , and tight credit markets and pessimism about the financial sector sent the
Dow Jones Industrial Average
well below the 9000 mark .
The Dow , earlier up as much as 190 points , was recently down 359 points , or 3.9 % , at 8878 .
It was one year ago today that the Dow closed at an all - time record high of 14,164 .
The
S&P 500
was losing 46 points , or 4.6 % , to 939 , and the
Nasdaq
was off 47 points at 1693 .
On Wednesday , markets sold off even after the
Federal Reserve
, along with central banks in Europe and Canada , orchestrated a coordinated cut in interest rates to help free up the credit markets .
As Thursday 's session got underway , credit markets continued to tighten despite the rate cuts .
Three - month Libor , a measure of the rate banks charge one another for large loans , was up 43 basis points to 4.75 % .
Overnight Libor was up 1.16 percentage points to 5.09 % .
Commercial paper was n't faring much better .
The Fed reported that the market for company debt declined by $ 56.4 billion to $ 1.55 trillion for the week ended Oct.
8 . Paper issued by financial institutions was down $ 42.4 billion to $ 641 billion , the Fed said .
Traders were looking ahead to a meeting of the Group of Seven industrial nations in Washington Friday , in hopes of seeing Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and other finance ministers and central bankers work together to further shore up the financial sector .
On Thursday , South Korea and Taiwan cut their interest rates .
In an effort to further prop up the financial system , the
Treasury
was considering buying equity stakes in U.S. banks to try to bolster their capital levels , according to media reports .
Financial firms have been crippled by their exposure to illiquid mortgage - backed securities , and the Treasury 's previous plan , known as the Troubled Asset Relief Program , was designed to buy those assets from banks in exchange for fresh capital .
Bloomberg
reported that
BlackRock
( BLK ) - Get Report
and
Pimco
, a unit of
Allianz
( AZ ) , had both proposed to
manage mortgage - backed securities
to be bought by the Treasury as part of its $ 700 billion financial - sector rescue plan .
Neil Hennessy , manager of Hennessy Funds , said that the assistance package will bring up the value of mortgage - backed assets , which he said are currently undervalued .
" We know for a fact that 93 % of people are paying their mortgages on time , " he said .
Even if only 50 % were paying , mortgage - backed securities are worth more than their current market value , he said .
Furthermore , Hennessy said , investors have irrationally fled stocks .
The total dividend return on the entire Dow Industrials index is currently at 3.5 % , and every company in the index but
Citigroup
( C ) - Get Report
and
General Motors
( GM ) - Get Report
is highly profitable , he said .
Over the long term , said Hennessy , stocks are a good value .
" Tell people to turn off their TV for the next week , " he said .
However , for the day at least , GM was one of the biggest losers on the Dow , plunging 20 % to $ 5.56 , its worst print in more than five decades .
Partly to blame was a decision by S&P to put the automaker and GMAC on CreditWatch Negative .
" Are we at a bottom or at a point of capitulation or despair ?
I do n't know .
It could get worse before it gets better , " said Brian Gendreau , investment strategist at ING Investment Management .
Financial stocks were holding the spotlight as a three - week ban on
short - selling
of stocks in the sector lifted just before midnight .
The
Securities and Exchange Commission
had implemented the rule on Sept. 19 as an emergency measure to help stem massive selling in bank stocks .
Morgan Stanley
( MS ) - Get Report
shares were lately down 11 % , and
Goldman Sachs
( GS ) - Get Report
was lately off 4.2 % .
Citigroup and
Wells Fargo
( WFC ) - Get Report
appeared stuck in their battle over a buyout of
Wachovia
( WB ) - Get Report
. Negotiations between Citi and Wells , the potential acquirers were stagnating over how to divide Wachovia 's assets .
Meanwhile ,
The Wall Street Journal
reported that
National City
( NCC ) was in discussions with other banks , perhaps
PNC Bank
( PNC ) - Get Report
or
Bank of Nova Scotia
( BNS ) - Get Report
about potentially selling itself .
Insurance firms were also facing investor scrutiny after
MetLife
( MET ) - Get Report
earlier this week said it was n't offering earnings guidance and intended to raise capital .
Shares of
Prudential Financial
( PRU ) - Get Report
dropped as much as 30 % .
MetLife , however , was buoyed by a report in the
Journal
that it has recently discussed a potential merger with
Hartford Financial
( HIG ) - Get Report
.
The report said the discussions did n't lead to a deal , but that they indicate the strain the credit crunch has exacted from insurance firms .
Separately , the Fed said it would grant insurance company
AIG
( AIG ) - Get Report
up to $ 37.8 billion in exchange for fixed - income securities .
The cash infusion comes on top of the $ 85 billion already lent out in September to keep the company from going bankrupt .
Suffering in the automotive sector also hindered the major indices .
General Motors
( GM ) - Get Report
shares dropped 16 % , reaching lows not seen since 1951 .
Ford
( F ) - Get Report
was also skidding , down 7.9 % .
Looking at corporate earnings , Dow component
IBM ( IBM ) - Get Report
preannounced its third - quarter results , saying it made a profit that increased year over year and topped analyst estimates .
As for economic data , initial jobless claims for the week ended Oct. 4 came in at 478,000 , down from 498,000 the previous week but slightly above economists ' estimates for 475,000 jobs lost .
The Commerce Department reported that wholesale inventories for August were up 0.8 % , a larger increase than anticipated by economists .
In commodities , crude oil was losing $ 1.64 at $ 87.31 a barrel .
Gold declined $ 20 to settle at $ 886.50 an ounce .
Longer - dated U.S. Treasury securities were declining in price .
The 10 - year note was down 1 - 6/32 to yield 3.78 % , and the 30 - year was down 30 /32 , yielding 4.1 % .
The dollar was gaining ground on the yen and pound , but softening and euro .
Overseas , European indices , such as the FTSE in London and the DAX in Frankfurt , were mostly lower .
Asia was mixed , as the Nikkei in Japan closed on the downside while the Hang Seng in Hong Kong finished with gains .
Don Gorske Has Eaten 23,000 Big Macs
of Fond Du Lac , Wisconsin has eaten 23,000 McDonald 's Big Macs since 1972 .
Are you wondering how a person could keep track ?
Well evidently if you have obsessive compulsive disorder and save every single receip t for the last 36 years , it 's not difficult .
Wow , I have to admit I love a Big Mac from time to time but 23,000 ?
That seems a tad bit much .
Don is obsessed with numbers and heard that Micky D's was keeping track of how many customers came through the " golden archs " and that spurred him to keep track of his burger intake .
Don works for a correctional institution and says that eating his Big Mac is the highlight of his day .
Gorske has only ever missed his little piece of heaven once and that was due to the death of his mother .
The photo above is from 2004 when Don became the Guinness World Record Holder for eating 20,000 Big Macs .
Just over 12 months since one of Romania 's most popular BitTorrent trackers was raided by the police , Torrentbits .
ro is suffering more problems .
Customers of one of Romania 's largest ISPs , UPC , can no longer access the site .
More and more over the last year , we have witnessed anti-piracy lobby groups targeting ISPs to force them to either hand over the details of users they allege breach their copyrights , or , more clumsily , pressure them to block access to entire sites .
The most famous recent case concerned The Pirate Bay , which was blocked by ISPs in Italy at the behest of the IFPI , who were then forced by a court to unblock the site again .
Now it ’s the turn of one of Romania ’s largest ISPs , UPC Romania , which is blocking its customers from accessing one of Romania ’s most popular trackers , Torrentbits .ro.
UPC has around 1 million customers overall , and according to reports received by TorrentFreak , it ’s Internet customers no longer have access to the BitTorrent tracker , receiving a message in their browser usually reserved for sites that simply do n’t exist .
Those accessing the site via a proxy or from another ISP receive this message :
Founded in 2006 , Torrentbits .ro quickly became one of Romania ’s most popular sites but in May 2007 it became the subject of a police raid , resulting in the arrest of the admins .
They were later released .
TorrentFreak ’s requests for UPC to comment on the site block have so far gone unanswered .
Thanks to Voor
Time is running out
Join the movement to keep independent venues alive .
Send a message to Congress to # SaveOurStages .
Obama has a lead in all the national polls and has made significant progress in the battleground states at this point .
So I think if he wants to cement his run to the White House , he should come out with an updated version of an economic recovery plan that further illustrates his leadership abilities .
With his constant call for bipartisanship , he can summon the Republicans to join him for the good of America or he 'll be able to paint them as ideologues hellbent on retaining their power in Congress instead of trying to use their authority to help the American people .
It 's a simple strategy that could resonate with voters and also knock the Newt Gingrich - led Republicans back on their heels --- painting them at obstructing the American dream .
I 've never been a fan of calling for bipartisanship because there are no moderate Republicans left in DC since the " Southern strategy " was launched by Gingrich in ' 94 .
They 've attacked Democrats and liberals at every turn , but as I 've said , Obama can use that now to his advantage and it would also finally lead the country in a progressive direction .
The fruits of Conservatism have been finally realized and we can all see that its end game has led this country into ruin so now is the time for a left - wing agenda to guide the country .
It will be a difficult task ; the Conservatives will continue to kick and scream , but playing the obstructionist game may not help their cause .
In any case , if Obama comes out strong and leads with a firm hand he can grab the White House and give us a legitimate shot are restoring America to the promised land .
The ball is in your court now , Obama , will you take it ?
LAS VEGAS --
After a few snags , the jury for the latest O.J. Simpson trail has been seated .
Nine women and three men -- all of whom are white -- have been selected to judge Simpson and a co-defendant .
Simpson and Clarence " C.J. "
Stewart are charged with kidnapping and robbing two sports memorabilia dealers last year in Las Vegas .
Defense lawyers argued African - Americans in the potential jury pool were being systematically excluded by the prosecution .
But the judge says she saw no such evidence .
Two of six alternate jurors are black .
Attorneys for Simpson and
Stewart , who are both black , moved to dismiss the entire jury and start again .
The judge said no .
Most prospective jurors have said they disagree with Simpson 's 1995 acquittal in the slaying of his ex-wife , Nicole Brown Simpson ,
and her friend , Ronald Goldman .
But they insist they can be fair .
Simpson and Stewart have pleaded not guilty to kidnapping , armed robbery and 10 other charges .
Clark County District Court Judge Jackie Glass wants to start opening statements Monday .
The amazing photographs that show the world 's most famous landmarks replaced by cheap souvenirs
At a moment 's glance this picture could be the real Big Ben .
But then you notice the hand below and the incredible optical illusion is revealed .
Tourist Michael Hughes today unveiled his extraordinary holiday snaps of the world 's famous landmarks - perfectly blended with cheap souvenirs .
Michael , 56 , stumbled across his unusual technique in 1998 and has perfected it after travelling to hundreds of famous sights .
His series of stunning photos include a Golden Gate fridge magnet slotted ideally into the San Francisco landscape .
London icon : Photographer Michael Hughes holds a souvenir model Big Ben in front of the real thing
Tourist hotspot : Hughes holds a souvenir Eiffel Tower in front of the site in Paris
American dream : A coffee cup showing the Statue of Liberty replaces the infamous landmark
A plastic Eiffel Tower toy between the camera and the steel structure creates an appearance that the top of the Paris landmark has been painted red , yellow and blue .
And a Big Ben money bank positioned next to the houses of parliament eclipses the original so well it could be mistaken for the real version .
Michael also held The Beatles ' Abbey Road album in front of the famous London zebra crossing so it appears that the band members are actually walking across the road .
Famous four : Holding the CD Abbey Road with Iain Macmillan 's photo in front of the zebra crossing gives the impression The Beatles are there
Optical illusion : A souvenir mug showing the Victory Column , Berlin in front of the real thing in Germany
Surreal view : A souvenir fridge magnet of the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco
He has travelled to over 200 countries and has a collection of nearly 100 similar shots - but incredibly says he stumbled on the idea by accident .
British - born Michael , 56 , who emigrated to Berlin , Germany with wife Marion , 52 , and daughter Lea , 14 , in 1983 , said : ' I was on the tourist platform at the Lorelei cliffs next to the river Rhine when I held up a postcard I bought for my daughter .
' I was amazed because it just seemed to fill a massive grey hole that was in the sky and it was the exact position the photographer had taken the picture from .
World in his hand : Hughes holds up a souvenir postcard of The Gateway of India in Mumbai
Mysterious site : A souvenir model Great Sphinx of Giza , in front of the historic statue in Eygpt
Building bridges : A souvenir model is held in front of Tower Bridge over the river Thames in London
' After that I noticed coffee cups from a shop near the Statue of Liberty had the statue printed on so I poured my drink on the floor , and position it in front of the statue .
' Since then taking the pictures has developed into a hobby and a passion to the point where I have been taking trips recently just to photograph a souvenir next to its landmark . '
Michael , who travels extensively with his job , said the hobby has progressed into a ' sport with its own rules ' .
Picture perfect : A postcard of Schoenbrunn , Austria in front of the stunning building
All aboard : A pencil case in the shape of a London bus appears to drive down the street
Iconic site : A brass pyramid paperweight in front of the amazing landmark in Cairo , Egypt
He arrives at the destination , visits the nearest souvenir and buys the cheapest souvenir .
Michael then takes up to 50 photographs with a wide angle lens on a digital camera until he has the ornament positioned in exact proportion to the landmark .
The man behind the hand : Photographer Michael Hughes in Egypt
He has photographed the Egyptian pyramids and Sphinx , London 's red buses and the Berlin Brandenburg - all combined with their souvenirs .
The pictures have earned Michael more than 5 million hits on file - sharing website Flickr and an invite to appear on America 's prime - time The Tonight Show with Jay Leno .
Michael , who works as a freelance photographer in Germany , added : ' I used to be a souvenir snob and I 'd only buy the most expensive ornaments .
' Now I 've turned that on its head by using cheap ones and doing this childish idea of putting them in the picture .
' Several photographers had toyed with the idea and some people do things like putting fingers above buildings but I 'm the only person to do this .
' Thankfully it 's actually very difficult to do it properly so nobody can copy me , though they do try . '
Michael has released 20 of the best images in a book called Souvenirs published by graphic designers Fivefootsix based in London .
He said : ' Souvenirs are actually something to prove somebody has had a life and they have been somewhere important .
' They are part of something sentimental that most people did n't like to admit to - I think they 're pretty damn weird . '
Scenic landscape : A driftwood sculpture of a riverbank in Helsinki , Finland
PRNewswire
October 30 , 2008
SAN FRANCISCO , Oct. 30 / PRNewswire / — Just 5 days before the election , at 3a.m. on October 30th , all of the front windows of the Cindy Sheehan for Congress campaign offices were shattered .
Although staffers had been in the office less than an hour earlier , no one was in the building at the time of the incident .
No one was hurt and there were no witnesses .
Cindy Sheehan is a candidate for Congress in California ’s 8th Congressional District race against incumbent Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA ) .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ It seems to have been a calculated intimidation tactic , ” said Tiffany Burns , the Cindy for Congress campaign manager .
“ One of our computers was stolen , but no other property was taken from our offices and no surrounding buildings were targeted .
Clearly they wanted to both frighten us and to gather information . ”
Total damage to the campaign office is currently estimated at more than $ 5,000 .
The Cindy for Congress campaign recently chronicled a series of unusual events , including other threats of violence , in a statement issued on October 13th .
In that statement , Cindy Sheehan noted “ [t ] he past few weeks have been a little strange at Cindy for Congress [… ] the things that have been happening could just be coincidences , or a run of bad luck , but the climate for the possibility of campaign hanky - panky certainly exists . ”
Campaign staffers also note each incident , including today ’s early morning incident , has followed closely on the heels of a confrontation with Cindy Sheehan ’s opponent Nancy Pelosi .
This morning ’s incident occurred after an on-air confrontation between the two candidates on KQED ’s public affairs program Forum with Michael Krasny on Wednesday morning .
“ Each time we confront her , each time we ask her for a debate , each time we gain ground in the polls , something horrible happens , ” said Burns .
“ Once or twice might be a coincidence , but such a consistent correlation is hard to ignore . ”
SOURCE Cindy Sheehan ; Cindy for Congress
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Infowars
September 2 , 2008
These two NOLA residents made the mistake of carrying weapons for protection in the government lock down zone .
Those who dared disobey the government decreed “ mandatory hurricane evacuation ” in New Orleans will be arrested and sent to jail if they wander “ outside their properties during a dusk - to - dawn curfew , ” according to the AFP .
“ Those persons who remain within the City of New Orleans do so at their own risk and are subject to arrest if they are outside the boundaries of their own property , ” said Lord Nagin , Surpeme Commander of New Orleans .
“ Nagin warned Sunday that looters would be arrested and sent directly to prison . ”
“ What , no trial ?
I mean , I realize ‘ legal niceties ’ simply get in the way of maintaining recht und ordnung … um , sorry , law and order … but this is a nifty approach .
Get arrested , go straight to the big house , no muss , no fuss , only the ease of legal administration , ” writes Charles Featherstone for the LRC blog .
“ You know , prisoners sitting in cells are so , well , economically unproductive .
Would n’t it simply be easier if in the future , the kinds of people who refuse to obey gummint orders , would simply get whisked away to special camps , I mean detention centers , where they can spend their days laboring for the good of society ?
You know , felling trees and quarrying rocks and digging canals ? ”
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
You already saw Google Chrome 's humorous about : internets Easter egg , but reader nettleman points out that Chrome 's got several special about : pages that reveal all sorts of interesting information about what 's going on behind the scenes .
Here 's the full list , with screenshots .
Advertisement
about : memory
about : stats
about : network
about : internets
about : histograms
about:dns
about : cache
about : crash
about : plugins
about : version
Update : Mawin adds that you can also go to two special pages on a per-site basis .
view - cache : [ URL ] shows you some under - the - hood cache details , and view - source : [ URL ] shows you the page 's markup .
( Though you can view source by just right - clicking on a page and choosing , um , " View page source . " )
You Mac and Linux users , here are some about : page screenshots :
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
Advertisement
Find anything interesting in Chrome 's about : pages ?
Let us know in the comments .
State records show that Palin submitted a travel authorization for a quick round - trip visit to attend the June 8 graduation of the Master 's Commission program at the Wasilla Assembly of God , the church where she was baptized at age 12 .
The only other item on the agenda for that trip was a " One Lord Sunday " service involving a network of Mat - Su Christian churches earlier that morning at the Wasilla sports complex .
The records show Palin flew from Juneau to Anchorage on Saturday , June 7 .
She returned to Juneau that Monday afternoon .
The plane tickets cost the state $ 519.50 , and she claimed an additional $ 120 for meals and other expenses .
Palin could n't be reached for comment Friday as she campaigned for vice president .
Her spokeswoman at the McCain campaign said she would n't grant an interview .
Oh , that Sarah Palin is a piece of work .
No wonder she makes the Republican base so happy , she sees nothing wrong with using state funds to travel to her to her old church in Wasilla to exhort the youth to " make sure God 's will be done here "
Of course not .
Asking any questions of Sarah Palin is sexist , don'tcha know .
Labels : Sarah Palin , theocracy , Wake Me Up When It's Over
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice has canceled a trip to a Middle East conference because of the global crisis in financial markets , the State Department said Tuesday .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is playing a " supporting role " in dealing with the money crisis .
Rice was to attend the Forum for the Future , an annual conference on Middle East reform taking place in the United Arab Emirates this month .
State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said that because the financial crisis is of a global nature , Rice decided " she should stay back " and " pitch in . "
Although the Treasury is taking the lead in the crisis , McCormack said Rice is serving a " supporting role " and taking part in government - wide discussions about U.S. financial policy .
Though the topic of the economy has come up during her discussions with her foreign minister counterparts , Rice has not been holding discussions with finance ministers around the world about the crisis , he said
Rice was at the White House this weekend , however , when President Bush met visiting finance ministers .
McCormack said Deputy Secretary John Negroponte will replace Rice at the Forum for the Future , and Rice plans to visit the Middle East within the next several weeks .
Rice spoke Tuesday to businessmen and investors involved in the Palestinian Business and Investment Forum , a public - private partnership set up last year by the Bush administration to develop the Palestinian economy .
Israel must do more to ease restrictions on Palestinians in the West Bank in order to help foster economic development in the occupied territories , she said .
Rice said she would " leave no stone unturned " in trying to get a peace deal between Israelis and Palestinians before the end of the year .
Even as the administration is in its waning months , Rice said , " I still believe we must make every effort in the time that we have to build this foundation for peace . "
In an address to the forum at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , Rice said Israel has made some progress on lifting restrictions on Palestinian movement throughout the West Bank , but " more progress needs to be made in order for Palestinian businesspeople and workers to be able to conduct business in an environment in which they can thrive . "
" Israel must also halt settlement activity , which can be seen as prejudging the outcome of negotiations and undermining its negotiating partner , " she said .
She said the " parties need to redouble their efforts , " which includes the need for Palestinians to dismantle terrorist networks .
Rice said that although the challenges are difficult , there is a strong negotiating process in place " which I am certain will give birth to a Palestinian state . "
All About Condoleezza Rice • Middle East Conflict
California voters will have a chance in November to protect the rights of gay men and women , and to preserve the state ’s Constitution .
They should vote against Proposition 8 , which seeks to amend that Constitution to prevent people of the same sex from marrying .
The measure would overturn a firmly grounded State Supreme Court decision that said everyone has a basic right “ to establish a legally recognized family with the person of one ’s choice . ”
It said the state ’s strong domestic partnership statute was inadequate , making California the second state to end the exclusion of same - sex couples from marriage .
Massachusetts did so in 2004 .
Whether this important civil rights victory endures is now up to California voters .
Opponents of giving gay couples the protections , dignity and respect that come with marriage are working furiously to try to overturn the court ruling through Proposition 8 .
It is our fervent hope that Californians will reject this mean - spirited attempt to embed second - class treatment of one group of citizens in the State Constitution .
If passed , Proposition 8 would add language to the State Constitution stating that “ only marriage between a man and a woman is valid or recognized in California . ”
Supporters of the amendment complain about the “ activist ” judges who wrote the court decision .
But the majority in the 4 - to - 3 ruling was acting to protect a vulnerable group from unfair treatment .
Enforcing the state ’s guarantee of equal protection is a job assigned to judges .
The USA 's National Debt Clock can't keep up with Bush 's spending
The USA ’s national debt is increasing by $ 2.43 billion everyday .
People expect the state debt to top the ten trillion dollar mark in the next few years .
The USA 's National Debt Clock can't keep up with Bush 's spending
A special huge electronic display in New York which shows in real time the size of state debt will not be able to cope with such a high figure .
In 1989 the national debt clock was placed in Times Square so that Americans could see how effectively their government was working .
At the time the national debt stood at 2.7 trillion dollars .
Yesterday at midday Moscow time the debt stood at $ 8 369 526 197 055.36 .
It even rose yesterday by $ 604 million .
If the figures are to be believed , yesterday every American family bore a debt of almost $ 90 000 .
Developer Douglas
Durst owns the clock and his father erected it .
He hoped to make Americans understand the economy better .
The clock worked fine for ten years but in the run up to the new millennium it crashed .
In its final moments the clock read that the national debt was $ 5.7 trillion and that the family share of the debt was $ 74 000 .
Durst believed that such a level of debt would not last long and he was right .
Within two years the debt had started to grow at an unprecedented rate .
Durst pulled the plug on the clock in 2000 , but it was switched back on in 2002 when debt started to once again increase .
In 2004 a new model replaced the original clock which was able to express the figure in a shortened term in the event that in the future the debt suddenly started to rise at an unthinkable rate .
Now the figure on the clock goes up by $ 20 000 every second .
So what is to be done ?
It is expensive being the “ light of democracy ” in Iraq and Afghanistan , keep revolutionaries at bay and to “ teach ” the rest of the world how to live their lives .
Anton Struchenevsky , an analyst from management company Troika Dialog says , “ Even when the state debt reaches the 10 trillion dollar mark , an economic crisis will not occur in the USA and the dollar will not crash .
It is in the interests of the USA ’s main creditor , China , to have a stable American currency and protect the American market . ”
Komsomolskaya Pravda
Translated by Michael Simpson
A Calvin & Hobbes strip from July 23 , 1987 – over 20 years ago …
It ’s a good thing that even a six - year - old imaginary character in the funny pages knew all about global warming way back then .
I mean , just think – two whole decades of progress in mitigating … er… well …
Calvin … I ’m sorry buddy .
Chicago Gourmet : Day 1 Recap
By Chuck Sudo in Food on Sep 28 , 2008 5:09 PM
The weather could n't have been any better yesterday as Chicago Gourmet officially kicked off at Millennium Park .
A press release sent to us shortly after 9 p.m. last night announced that over 3,000 visitors attended the event , with last night 's Grand Cru wine tasting selling out completely .
As one who 's long been critical of Chicago Gourmet 's ticket price , we have to wonder if the paying customers felt they got their money 's worth yesterday .
Wine tents outnumbered food kiosks by an overwhelming margin ; it essentially looked like the annual Windy City Wine Festival , only with better stemware .
Long lines by those food kiosks snaked throughout the Pritzker Pavilion lawn .
We spoke with paying customers who either were denied entry by park security because they brought along their kids ( children under 12 were supposed to be allowed free entry ) or were critical of the extra fees for the food and wine seminars .
Some attendees we spoke to half - jokingly said that Chicago Gourmet was the first food and wine festival they ever attended where they actually left hungrier than when they arrived .
The food and wine seminars ( reviews of a few are after the jump ) were well coordinated , if hit - and - miss .
The seminars located at the Cultural Center 's Garland Room and at the Gage Restaurant ( 24 S. Michigan ) flowed smoothly .
The early wine seminars at the Pritzker Pavilion 's Choral Room , by contrast , were marred by a lack of communication between festival organizers , Millennium Park security and volunteers .
Our own Anthony Todd personally witnessed an incident where the COO of Midwest Operations for Dunkin ' Donuts ( a festival sponsor ) with an all access pass being denied entry to a seminar on Opus One wine by already overtaxed and testy security .
The most popular events of the day , by far , were the cooking demonstrations on the Frank Gehry - designed soundstage .
Mayor and Maggie Daley assisted Paul Bartolotta , Takashi Yagihashi and Rick Moonen in preparing seafood ; Rick Bayless and Mercat a la Planxa 's Jose Garces brought down the house with a demonstration of Spanish and Mexican dishes ; Carrie Nahabedian and the Airgre Doux husband - and - wife team of Mohammed Islam and Malika Ameen dispensed with a few of their secrets in balancing flavors in their cooking ; Terrance Brennan and Michael Kornick whipped up seasonal dishes ; an apple pie demonstration closing the coking demos wound up being a contrast in personalities between the ebullient Pichet Ong of New York 's P*ONG and Hot Chocolate 's Mindy Segal , who did very little to dispel her reputation for being , um , feisty .
By mid-afternoon the communications were ironed out and the festival seemed to finally settle down .
The Pritzker Pavilion lawn seemed like a larger version of a Sunday picnic , if that picnic involved 30 wine vendors .
With overcast skies at the time of filing this recap , we wonder how it will affect today 's attendance .
Following the jump are some reviews of a few seminars we attended .
Following are our takes on a few of the seminars we attended .
- Unlike a traditional wine class where you would taste several different types of wine , the “ Opus One :
Maintaining Innovation ” seminar focused entirely on wines from the Opus One winery .
Since Opus
One only produces one wine , the tastings were of three different vintages .
While we appreciated the ability to compare different years of the same wine side - by - side ( a rare thing ) , on the whole the event failed to impress .
It was a glorified marketing event , with no wine education or information – a good 1/3 of the seminar was taken up by videos showing montages of their Napa winery .
The lecture portion used a lot of words like “ innovation , ” “ passion , ” and “ vision ” more suited to a PR seminar than a wine seminar .
Paying guests were heard grumbling on the way out .
( Anthony Todd )
- " Our families talked a lot about the similarities of Paso Robles and Southern Rhone , " said Jason Haas , GM and partner of Tablas Creek Vineyard and host of " A Rhône Blend : Blended and Unblended . "
" Where other vineyards knew what they wanted to plant before they found the land , we found the land first and then decided what grapes to grow . "
What the partner Haas and Buscatel - based Perrin families decided upon was growing syrah , grenache , mourvèdre , and counoise , grapes from southern Rhône used in making Châteauneuf - du - Pape .
Attendees had the opportunity to sample wines made from each individual , the 2006 vintage of Tablas Creek 's Espirit de Buscatel , and blend their own version of Châteauneuf - du - Pape using the wines in front of them .
For nascent wine fans interested in expanding their knowledge base , this seminar was both fun and informative , the oenophile version of playing with one 's food .
( Chuck Sudo )
- Master Sommelier Fred Dame simply took the piss and vinegar out of wine snobbery and turned it on its ear with " Tasting the Masters ' Way " at the Pritzker Pavilion 's Choral Room .
" Wine is the ultimate con game , " Dame told us afterward , confirming something we already knew .
Beginning the seminar with a background on how Dame became a MS  by 1984 , the Court of Master Sommeliers stopped taking American candidates for the Masters ' certification " because they were an embarrassment , " Dame said ; it took him two years before the CMS would accept his petition 
Dame went on to explain to attendees that they were born with the necessary tools to understand wine .
All it took to master it was trusting one 's senses , continuous tasting , memorization and just a little bit of bullshit .
Putting a glass of 2007 Kim Crawford sauvignon blanc to his nose , Dame listed a litany of smells .
" Hmmm , starfruit , " he said as the class nodded approvingly , then added with a knowing grin , " anyone here ever taste starfruit ? "
What wine ultimately comes down to , Dame said , is " it 's great or it sucks . "
At the end of the seminar Dame offered his two hard and fast rules on enjoying wine : wine is fun and free wine tastes better than wine you paid for .
( Chuck Sudo )
- For his seminar " Savoring Italy : The Mediterranean Seafood Basket , " chef Paul Bartolotta , the former chef of Spiaggia and currently chef at BARTOLOTTA Ristorante di Mare in Las Vegas , brought an enormous array of fresh seafood to show off .
This was more like a marine biology class than a cooking seminar , but his intense love for fish and the care he puts into sourcing his products came through in a captivating lecture .
Frustrated with the inability to get authentically “ Italian - tasting ” seafood , Bartolotta ( with the financial assistance of Steve Wynn ) decided to fly ALL of his produce direct from Italian waters .
He sources from purveyors in markets all over Italy and picks particular locations for particular species , due to the salinity and temperature of the water and the quality of the fisherman .
Most of the crustaceans were still alive when he showed them to us !
We were served samples of three appetizers from his restaurant , all made with seafood that he had brought specifically for the seminar , and we can honestly say that he served the best shrimp dish we had ever tasted .
( Anthony Todd )
Funny Pictures , Funny Videos , DailyHaHa
The page you are looking for no longe exists , please update your links to just link straight to http://www.dailyhaha.com/
You can click one of the links below or just wait 5 seconds to be redirected .
Funny Pictures
Funny Videos
Copyright DailyHaHa.com 2015
Receding hairline and gradual baldness are great insecurities for men to face .
This is where hair supplements come in .
Many fishermen give advice about their hair when out on the water .
Some fishermen say fish oil helps along with not too much movement from the fishing chair .
Other fishermen believe it ’s better for trolling fishing , others have debated this point .
However , even without these hiccups , one can always buy supplements when necessary .
If you see your hair becoming more brittle and easy to pull out , that might be a sign of a hair problem that requires fixing .
Here are some ideal cures for that dilemma :
Nutrafol Core for Men – Nutrafol can take care of most of your hair - based needs , whether it is in making stands stronger or even being able to regrow them .
The Nutrafol Core for Men has all vitamin boosters that are all derived from nature and is rich in collagen .
The product has the ability to build hair ’s uncanny resistance to …
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- Crude - oil futures leaped more than $ 16 a barrel Monday to score their biggest one - day gain in dollar terms since 1984 -- when crude began trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
Crude futures rallied Monday to a high of $ 130 a barrel -- their highest intraday level in two months -- buoyed by a steep drop in the U.S. dollar and speculation that the Bush administration 's proposal to stabilize the financial sector might help revive economic growth .
Trading was halted for five minutes after the October crude contract reached the daily price - movement limit of $ 10 per barrel .
Under trading rules , the price - change limit is increased by another $ 10 .
Crude for October delivery rose $ 16.37 , or 15.7 % , to close at $ 120.92 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
The gain surpassed the previous price - gain record of $ 10.75 , registered on June 6 of this year .
The highest percentage rise in a single day was seen on Jan. 3 , 1994 , at 20.9 % , according to FactSet .
“ Oil 's move ' underscores that energy is the only place to expect outsized profits these days and the money is flocking into that market . ' ” — Neal Ryan , Ryan Oil & Gas Parnters
" I never expected a move that big in one day without some real news , but I 'm past the point of saying there are any absolutes in a market like this one we 're in presently , " said Neal Ryan , a managing partner at Ryan Oil & Gas Partners .
The move " underscores that energy is the only place to expect outsized profits these days and the money is flocking into that market . "
The October contract expired on Nymex at the end of trading Monday , a factor that increased volatility .
" The stocks at Cushing [ Okla . ] , which is the delivery point for Nymex , will be low because they have been drawn down because of the hurricane , " said James Williams , an economist at WTRG Economics .
" If you are short on the last day of trading you have to either buy back the contract or make physical delivery and it is probably difficult to get spot oil at Cushing to make physical delivery . "
November crude , the new front - month contract , was up $ 6.62 on Nymex , closing at $ 109.37 .
Fear over the U.S. dollar also contributed to oil 's gains Monday .
" To the extent the current run -up reflects [ that ] the dollar is cheap and weak and Wall Street is making it so , then the kick upwards in [ the oil ] price makes a certain amount of sense , " said Anthony Sabino , a professor of law at St. John 's University whose legal practice includes oil and gas law .
" Nevertheless , a weak dollar cannot resuscitate demand , so eventually no matter how weak the dollar , how troubled Wall Street is , demand will pull [ the per- barrel ] price down , down , down , " said Sabino .
See Commodities Corner .
Rescue plan spurs dollar drop
On the currency markets , the dollar fell sharply against rivals , weighed down by the U.S. government 's bailout plan for the financial sector .
The dollar index DXY , +0.08 % , a measure of the greenback against a trade - weighted basket of currencies , dropped sharply to 75.944 , from 77.663 late Friday in North American trading .
See Currencies .
" The hundreds of billions of dollars being pumped into the system is inherently inflationary , " said Sean Brodrick , a natural - resources analyst at MoneyandMarkets.com .
" That , plus a belief that the federal bailout will boost the economy in the fourth quarter , is putting a floor under oil prices . "
The Bush administration is urging speedy passage of its $ 700 billion proposal in Congress , but Democratic leaders are countering with oversight and additional measures that could complicate efforts for a swift rescue being implemented .
See full story .
" Many are hoping that the plans , which still have to be passed by Congress , will help stabilize financial markets and rescue the U.S. economy from further gloom , thus supporting U.S. oil demand growth , " said Michael Davies , an analyst at Sucden Research , in a note .
" However , these plans are certainly not guaranteed to stop the chaos in financial markets and the longer - term impact of recent events on the U.S. and world economy may not even start to be felt for some time , " Davies said .
Crude 's latest gain followed a sharp move on Friday , when the October contract jumped $ 6.67 , or 6.8 % . to $ 104.55 a barrel on Nymex .
It gained 3.3 % overall in a highly volatile week , during which it traded between a low of $ 90.80 and a high of $ 105.25 .
Bigger view
" Because markets are now going to be underwritten by the U.S. government to ensure stability , it 's time to focus on what are some of the longer - term trends -- one being that we 've got growing energy usage across the globe and flat to declining production , " said Ryan .
Oil prices " should n't bounce right back up to levels seen three months ago , but the market fell too far , too fast and oil prices moving back to $ 110 - $ 120 area are going to turn out to be the correct pricing level in the market , " he said in emailed comments .
On Nymex Monday , prices for petroleum products headed higher alongside oil .
November reformulated gasoline rose 10.4 cents to end at $ 2.7038 a gallon , and October heating oil gained 14.5 cents to end at $ 3.043 a gallon .
The average U.S. retail price for a gallon of regular gasoline fell to $ 3.739 Monday from $ 3.757 on Sunday , according to AAA 's Daily Fuel Gauge Report .
A month ago , the price was at $ 3.692 .
The latest figures on U.S. refining activity showed a steep drop for the week ended Sept. 12 as energy facilities in the Gulf of Mexico continued to recover from the hurricanes Gustav and Ike .
About 76.6 % of oil production and 65.5 % of the natural - gas output in the Gulf are still shut in as of Monday , according to the Minerals Management Service .
" The vast majority of production is still offline , " said Ryan .
" That 'll end up manifesting itself in the prices down the road -- not today . "
An area of low pressure over Puerto Rico could become the next named system of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season , AccuWeather.com reported Monday .
If the storm develops , it will be named Kyle .
In the meantime , there are signs that Saudi Arabia is cutting output in response to slowing demand , said Phil Flynn , vice president at Alaron Trading .
Citing industry sources , Reuters reported that the Saudis had cut oil supplies to international oil majors and U.S. refiners since the start of September and that they cut back even before the oil - producer agreement earlier this month to reduce production .
Flawed thinking
Sabino referred to the rising oil prices as " somewhat of a flight to commodities . "
" But this is also severely flawed , because it does not account for the to - date drop in demand , with more dropping of demand to follow because of Wall Street 's woes , " he said .
U.S. stocks headed lower Monday as the market mulled the details of the government bail - out plan .
See Market Snapshot .
For oil , " there is a wholly illogical disconnect here , " said Sabino .
" Since Wall Street is so down and money is so tight , logic says demand will continue to drop like a stone , so price should be back at $ 90 and heading south to $ 80 . "
Elsewhere on Nymex , natural gas traded higher .
October natural - gas futures rose by 12.7 cents to close at $ 7.658 per million British thermal units .
That 's after finishing last week with a 2.2 % gain .
Tracking the commodities market as a whole , the Reuters / Jefferies CRB Index CRB , - 1.01 % , a benchmark gauging the prices of major commodities , rose by 3.9 % .
In other news , gold futures closed with a gain of $ 44.30 an ounce .
See Metals Stocks .
Corn futures also rallied on the heels of the weaker U.S. dollar .
See Food Futures .
The puzzling range of human emotions , actions , reactions and abilities lead to only one firm conclusion :
We 're a strange bunch .
Humans are arguably the most bizarre creatures in the animal kingdom .
The proof is in the many gross , unnecessary , contradictory and simply inexplicable things we do .
And of course we 're different in our capacity to ponder all these oddities and sometimes figure a few out .
This romp through the LiveScience archives reveals why we ...
Lie , cheat , fall in love , kiss , blush , have sex , die ?
Have fingernails , have an appendix , an Adam 's apple , curly pubic hairs ?
Part our hair , crack our knuckles , get goose bumps , shiver when cold ?
Blink without noticing , see spots in our eyes , cry when slicing onions ?
Ca n't tickle ourselves ?
***
Burp , fart , itch , stink , struggle to find a mate ?
Get freckles , get birthmarks , hear ringing in our ears ?
Spread urban legends , enjoy hearing voices , see things that are n't there ?
Join cults , believe in ghosts , fall for placebos , believe in UFOs ?
Do n't understand consciousness ?
***
Yawn , sleep , dream , snore , laugh , cry , procrastinate ?
Get sleepy after lunch , get sleepy after sex , ca n't sleep at all ?
Grind our teeth , stress so much ?
Stay monogamous ?
Work so hard , can't handle success , do n't take vacations , die from stress ?
Ignore the keys to happiness ?
***
See , hear , gossip , talk , talk too much , can't hold our tongues ?
Have big brains , got so smart , can't find our keys , get deja vu ?
Love music , love eyes , can't resist beauty , nip and tuck so much ?
Fight with our spouses , wear too much perfume , ignore our wives ?
Are n't all beautiful ?
***
Smoke , gamble , get fat , love sugar , catch the flu ?
Love to be scared , have a belly button , close our eyes when we sneeze ?
Get brain freeze , hiccups , Charlie horses , zits ?
Feel pain , feel the pain of others , crave violence , have culture ?
Act altruistically ?
***
Walk upright ?
Grow old ?
Turn gray ?
Go bald ?
Are optimistic , grow more so with age ?
Look like our lovers when we get old ?
Hate losing , cling to bad habits , remember traumatic events ?
Suppress bad memories , love to provoke anger , act selfishly ?
Chase immortality ?
Lose our minds ?
Last Updated 9/3 3:05 PM
EST
In part of what was termed Georgia ’s “ special relationship ” with Israel , UPI Editor at Large Arnaud de Borchgrave reported in a commentary today that a secret agreement between Georgia and Israel had earmarked two military airfields in the south of Georgia for use by Israeli fighter - bombers in a potential pre-emptive strike against Iran .
Israel has been a close ally of the Black Sea republic , and Israeli contractors have provided the Georgian military with considerable amounts of training and armament , much to the chargrin of Russia .
Israeli companies have been arming the Georgian military for the past seven years , and ties have been further strengthened by the fact that Georgia ’s Defense Minister Davit Kezerashvili is a former Israeli .
Russian General Anatoly Nogovitsyn said Israel has provided Georgia with “ eight types of military vehicles , explosives , landmines and special explosives ” .
In perhaps another signal for how key Georgia believes military support from Israel is , while most of the western media was running stories about Georgia being completely overrun by Russia ’s invasion earlier this month , Georgia ’s Minister of Reintegration was giving an interview to Israel ’s Army Radio .
In it , he praised Israel ’s training of Georgia ’s soldiers , and credited it with Georgia ’s having inflicted “ enormous damage ” on Russia ’s military .
And while Israeli defense officials publicly announced a halt to military sales to Georgia earlier this month , Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili denied that any halt had taken place .
He also said “ the Israeli weapons have proved very effective , ” and credited them with Georgia ’s military successes in the brief war with Russia .
Israeli-Russian relations had already been strained amid reports that Russia was planning to sell Iran its most advanced anti-aircraft missile system , which prompted a claim from the Israeli military that they were developing some “ electronic warfare ” means to neutralize what has become the backbone of Russian air defense .
Iran ’s Foreign Ministry denied yesterday that they had purchased the system .
Another consequence of Israel ’s backing of Georgia came when long - time rival Syria praised Russia ’s military operations .
This has led to talks of new arms sales to Syria , and a report that Russia will increase its naval presence in Syrian ports .
Syria and Israel have been engaged in ongoing indirect peace talks , though those are at present delayed due to the resignation of Israel ’s top negotiator .
More than 1.7 billion people around the world are unbanked and can’t access the financial services they need .
Kiva is an international nonprofit , founded in 2005 in San Francisco , with a mission to expand financial access to help underserved communities thrive .
We do this by crowdfunding loans and unlocking capital for the underserved , improving the quality and cost of financial services , and addressing the underlying barriers to financial access around the world .
Through Kiva 's work , students can pay for tuition , women can start businesses , farmers are able to invest in equipment and families can afford needed emergency care .
By lending as little as $ 25 on Kiva , you can be part of the solution and make a real difference in someone ’s life .
100 % of every dollar you lend on Kiva goes to funding loans .
Between reviewing tons of plans , conducting due diligence meetings , and being in an airplane 40 of the last 90 days , blogging has been light .
On the other hand , I 've been pulling together lots of fun data for all you start - up types out there .
Today 's lesson ; the fine art of tap dancing in meetings .
I 've been making the case to a number of people that there is something about entrepreneurs which prevent them from using the phrase " I do n't know . "
Everybody just wants to try the BS their way through everything .
Over the last pile of meetings / interviews , etc , I 've been testing this theory .
I 'm in a meeting with the founders ( or management ) of company X. Regardless of the company size , type , offering , etc , I say the following :
" You know , IBM 's latest build of OS / 2 is really starting to stick with high performance , multi- threaded and security hardened sites .
Have you guys spent any time reviewing the new Arthur Anderson study on this ?
It lists thousands of case studies . "
And then I wait for the answer (s ) .
In thirty cases , so far , I have gotten zero responses like :
WTF are you talking about ?
Huh ?
Very Funny .
Lord , you 're so old and out of touch , it 's downright scary .
I 'm outta here .
Instead , I get responses that fall into these buckets :
My CTO was briefing us on this , I think last week or something .
He makes those calls , super smart .
Cool .
I 'm a big fan of IBM , I used this in my last job .
This is pretty interesting , can you possibly get us an introduction to Arthur Anderson and / or get us a copy of the report ?
It 's excellent you guys keep up with this stuff and pass it along to your portfolio companies .
We 've been evaluating the best way to handle our threads and this might be the solution we 've been looking for .
I saw a thread on Slashdot talking about this , thanks for the confirmation .
Trust me : Huh ?
That 's a fine answer .
For those of you who might get annoyed I flip these random brain farts into the mix , sorry , the whole process of trying to make a good ( and reasonably quick ) call on what to spend time on can be a grind .
I try to mix it up and glean some character traits , etc , that might make the difference .
Salesmanship = good , Bullshitake = bad .
Bonus :
You can get what is supposed to be the ' next level ' of OS / 2 here .
So far , the statement released this afternoon US time out of a Euro summit amounts to an attempt at reassuring hand - waving but in fact was merely a restatement of the status quo .
The group of European leaders did agree on a set of principles , but it remains an open question whether they will be able to act quickly or boldly enough in the fact of the mounting financial crisis .
And one principle was troublesome : that each country is on its own as far as its banks are concerned .
Some banks , such as Deutschebank and UBS , are too big for their countries to save should they founder .
Hypo was brought down by an Irish acquisition .
The statement may have been crafted in part to keep pressure on German banks to support the Hypo rescue , and may be a practical necessity right now , since the public at large does not yet recognize the depth and extent of the risk in the EU , but it seems unwise to take a hard position on such a central issue .
From the Wall Street Journal :
European leaders pledged at a weekend summit to protect the continent ’s banks from the spiraling global financial crisis .
Their resolve is already being put to the test as two European banks required fresh rescues .
At an emergency meeting in Paris on Saturday , the leaders of France , Germany , U.K. and Italy said that , unlike in the U.S. where Lehman Brothers was allowed to file for bankruptcy , European governments would stand in to prevent any bank from failing …..
Yet , so far , proposals for unified anti-crisis rules — such as a mult - billion euro banking bailout fund — have been abandoned for fear they would be impossible to govern .
Instead of concrete decisions , therefore , the four EU leaders decided on Saturday to a list of principles .
Among them : though the leaders agreed that each country will be responsible for handling problems within its own banking system — including coming up with possible sanctions for the heads of any failed banks — they promised to keep each other informed of their actions .
They said they would jointly consider ways to amend some accounting standards — such as the mark - to - market rule — that have pushed several banks into uncontrolled , downward spirals .
From Bloomberg :
European leaders pledged to bail out their own nations ’ banks while stopping short of a regional rescue effort to deal with the global credit crisis .
At a summit in Paris yesterday , leaders of France , Germany , Britain , Italy , Luxembourg , the European Central Bank and the European Commission agreed to ease accounting rules , seek tougher financial regulations and weaken enforcement of competition and budget laws .
“ Each government will act according to its own methods and its own means but in a coordinated manner with the other European states , ” French President Nicolas Sarkozy , who called the meeting , told reporters … .
Europe “ is still a dwarf compared to the U.S. ” in terms of willingness to spend , said Laurence Boone , an economist at Barclays Capital in Paris .
The statement on supporting banks “ is not a progress .
It ’s the same as before the summit . ”
Germany appears to be the stumbling block .
Again from Bloomberg :
Hours before the summit , Dominique Strauss - Kahn , managing director of the International Monetary Fund , met Sarkozy to press the need for agreement .
“ Collective action is even more necessary in Europe than in the U.S. because Europe is more complex than the U.S. , ” he told reporters .
“ Action must be taken quickly and in a concerted manner . ”
German Chancellor Angela Merkel ’s opposition underscored the hurdles to forging a unified front .
“ Each country must take its responsibilities at a national level , ” she told a joint press conference after the summit .
The group agreed on coordinated policies on deposit guarantees and on having another summit soon to hash out fundamental reform .
Bloomberg again :
Sarkozy said that “ all actors ” must be supervised , including rating firms and hedge funds .
Executive - pay systems must also be reviewed , he said .
“ We want a new world to come out of this , ” Sarkozy said .
“ We want to set up the basis for a capitalism of entrepreneurs , not speculators . ”
Anticipating increased spending , declining tax revenue , and government bank takeovers , they called for “ greater flexibility ” in the application of European Union competition and budget rules .
The last statement is an admission that the Stabilization Pact , which limits borrowings and fiscal deficits by EU members , is kaput .
Ryanair said the jar held " a vegetable oil / mushroom soup type substance "
A Ryanair plane was forced to land in Germany after a passenger had an allergic reaction to mushroom soup .
The soup leaked onto the man from a jar in an overhead locker on a flight from Budapest to Dublin on Monday , the airline said .
His neck reportedly swelled up and he struggled to breathe , forcing the plane to divert for emergency medical help .
On the same day , another Ryanair flight had to make an unscheduled landing in France after losing cabin pressure .
A spokeswoman for Ryanair said the jar contained " a vegetable oil / mushroom soup type substance " .
" It is procedure when a passenger requires medical attention to divert to the nearest airport , " she said .
" The cabin crew and pilot take that decision . "
The Boeing 737 landed at Frankfurt Hahn Airport where the man was treated by doctors .
The plane was delayed for two hours before continuing its journey to Dublin .
Oven fire
The episode was one of a series of high - altitude incidents in recent days .
On Monday , oxygen masks were deployed on a Ryanair flight from Bristol to Barcelona Girona when the cabin depressurised .
The plane was forced to land at Limoges Airport in central France and 16 people were taken to hospital suffering from ear pain .
Then on Tuesday , a Thomsonfly plane to Gatwick had to turn back to Croatia just seven minutes after take - off when a fire broke out in an oven .
A spokesman said the fire was " immediately contained " and there was " no danger to passengers or crew " .
Passengers were delayed for eight hours while a replacement plane was flown from Manchester .
20/20 ran a story about a 22 - year - old guy who married a 14 - year - old girl , after he knocked her up .
The happy couple met when he was 16 and she was 8 .
She fell for him after he made her smile with his Elmo impersonation .
It is pretty damn good .
Check it out :
20/20 ran a story about a 22 - year - old guy married to a 14 - year - old girl , after he knocked her up .
The happy couple met when he was 16 and she was 8 .
She fell for him after he made her smile with his Elmo impersonation .
It is pretty damn good .
Check it out :
God , white trash people always look so vitamin deficient .
Crystal ’s baby would probs be better off on formula , because I imagine that her breast milk has the same nutrients and consistency as aerosol - can cheese .
Sadly , these two kids could n’t make it work because Matt got arrested for illegally fucking and marrying a little girl .
Crystal , unfortunately , is not the ride - or - die type , and she got pregnant by some other older guy while Matt was in the clinker .
I ’m not really one to judge young love , because I think that females are smart enough to make their own choices , and sometimes 14 - year - old girls just wanna fuck , too .
However , I might be changing my mind on that , seeing as how Crystal is n’t even intelligent enough to put on makeup and look decent for a network television interview .
Also , if you ’re old enough to have your period , that means you ’re too old to still find Elmo hilarious .
Liberal Leader Stéphane Dion on Monday released his party 's campaign platform , which includes the much - discussed Green Shift plan , a pledge to reduce the tax on income trusts and a proposed $ 3 - billion - a - year contingency fund to protect Canada from global economic uncertainty .
Liberal Leader Stéphane Dion holds up his policy book as he unveils his party 's platform at a news conference in Ottawa on Monday .
(( Ryan Remiorz / Canadian Press ) )
Speaking in Ottawa , Dion called the plan a " fully costed and prudent " proposal created under the Liberal tradition of fiscal discipline to face a potential global economic slowdown .
The platform , entitled A Richer , Fairer , Greener Canada , includes a full costing for the Green Shift , which calls for income tax cuts paid for by taxing carbon fuels , as well as other Liberal campaign pledges on health care , education and a massive 10 - year , $ 70 - billion proposal to improve Canada 's infrastructure .
The Conservatives were quick to attack the plan on Monday , saying it would cost too much .
But Dion said the plan , which will be implemented over four years , would bring together the economy and the environment , decrease Canada 's dependency on fossil fuels , and tap into the talents and skills of all Canadians .
" This is the plan we need to have a prosperous and sustainable economy for everyone , " said Dion , alongside Liberal finance critic John McCallum , and former leadership rivals Bob Rae and Scott Brison .
" A Liberal government will never put Canada into deficit .
Period .
We will build a richer Canada by cutting taxes for all Canadian families and businesses , making them more competitive . "
Dion said it would be " law of the land " that every penny of the $ 40 billion raised in the Green Shift 's carbon taxes would be returned to Canadians in the form of tax breaks .
Most people would see their income taxes drop by 10 per cent , Dion said .
He noted that the plan would cost the federal treasury just $ 90 million in lost revenue over four years and would not force the Liberals to raise the GST or cancel the childcare money program launched by the Conservative government .
Dion said his plan does n't call for a bonanza of spending , but instead $ 16 billion over four years on programs for childcare , infrastructure , manufacturing and drug coverage .
The Liberals say they will accomplish their plan while running at least $ 3 billion in annual surpluses .
" It 's fully costed , it 's prudent , it will be done with the ability to raise money without having to raise taxes , " Dion said .
Highlights in the platform include :
Introducing an immediate 10 - per-cent tax on income trusts that will replace the 31.5 per-cent tax introduced by the Conservatives , which is to go into effect in 2011 .
Cutting the bottom income - tax rate to 13.5 per cent from 15 .
The two middle tax rates would also be reduced by a percentage point .
Lowering the small business tax rate to 10 per cent from 11 .
Shaving $ 12 billion off total government spending over four years .
Giving $ 10,000 in refundable tax benefits to Canadian families for investments in energy - saving home retrofits .
Creating a $ 350 refundable child tax credit .
Increasing the Guaranteed Income Supplement for seniors by $ 600 a year for low - income seniors .
Restoring the Kelowna Accord to improve the health care , education and quality of life for aboriginal Canadians .
McCallum said the platform was based on economic projections from the Conservatives ' last budget , but was a " much better insurance policy " than the Harper government 's " irresponsible " reduction of federal surpluses .
" The Liberal government will not take the country into deficit , full stop , " he said .
The plan calls for a federal contingency fund of $ 12 billion over four years , an element Dion called a " buffer " that would represent only one per cent of the government 's annual budget .
" It 's only good management , " Dion said of the reserve .
" Any company in the private sector is doing this . "
' If this were a CEO , the board would fire him '
Conservative Leader Stephen Harper speaks to reporters on Monday during a campaign announcement in Ottawa . ( ( CBC ) )
But Conservative Leader Stephen Harper , speaking at a campaign rally Monday in Dryden , Ont. , said the Liberal platform is nothing more than " a work of political and economic incompetence . "
He said Dion is on track to drive the government into deficit .
" Friends , if this were a CEO , the board would fire him for this kind of financial plan , " Harper said .
" Better just not hire him to begin with . "
Environment Minister John Baird also went on the attack , saying the Liberal platform is full of holes .
" His plan does not add up , " Baird said .
" It by no means is revenue neutral and taxpayers will be stuck with deficit spending , higher taxes , or worse yet , both . "
Baird said the plan contains $ 39 billion in promises that either are entirely missing or that have been undercosted and would result in over $ 50 billion in new debt over the next four years .
He said the carbon tax would result in an extra $ 40 billion in taxes , while providing only about $ 26 billion in tax cuts .
" That 's a $ 14 billion tax grab that will hit Canadian families hard , " he said .
But analysts say the plan does add up .
" It adds up , we 've checked it a couple of different ways , " said Michael McCracken , a founder of Informetrica Limited , a Canadian - based economic research and information company .
" But if the economy sours , then they 're going to have to come out with a budget , and the budget is going to have to address the sour economy , not an election platform . "
Layton : Canadians recall past Liberal pledges
Dion said Canadians will look at his party 's record and remember that previous Liberal governments balanced budgets and eliminated deficits left by the Mulroney Tories .
" We are the party that brought … eight consecutive balanced budgets , " he said .
" We have no lessons to receive from the Conservatives . "
But NDP Leader Jack Layton said Canadians do n't have confidence in Liberal promises during elections .
Layton cited the Liberals ' reversals on past pledges such as implementing the North American Free Trade Agreement , eliminating the GST , as well as failing to deliver on repeated promises to create a national child - care system .
" We 're used to that approach of the Liberals of promising things and then ignoring them after an election , " Layton told reporters during a campaign stop in Hamilton .
" What 's new about this election is they 'll make a promise , and then mid-election say it 's not a promise and then come back to it later . "
The Liberals ' platform release comes amid a new poll suggesting continued lacklustre support for the party ahead of the Oct. 14 federal election .
A Canadian Press / Harris - Decima survey , in partnership with the CBC , was taken over the last four days and puts the Tories at 38 per cent support — down one percentage point — while the Liberals remained at 23 per cent .
The Liberals have dropped five percentage points in the last week , according to the four - day rolling poll , which is based on interviews with 1,223 people Thursday through Sunday , with a margin of error of 2.7 per cent , 19 times in 20 .
The poll has the NDP steady at 17 per cent support , with the Green party up one point to 12 per cent , and the Bloc Québécois down a point at eight per cent .
As you may or may not have seen on Tuesday , the Buttersafe Expo website has launched !
It ’s here : http://www.buttersafeexpo.com
We ’ve gotten a lot stronger response towards BSX than we were expecting , confirming our hypothesis that people do , in fact , like pizza .
Most of the emails we ’ve received , however , are from individuals who would like to attend but are unable to do so because our convention is being held roughly ten trillion miles from their place of residence .
As such , some have expressed the desire to hold satellite BSX celebrations in their own locales , which is awesome .
UPDATE ( 4/20 ) :
We ’ve set up a forum for those interested in organizing their own BSX satellite parties .
It can be found here !
There ’s a link to it from the main BSX page as well .
Feel free to hang out in the forum even if you ’re not planning on attending BSX Prime or a satellite party .
We hope it will be a place where you can all go to say interesting things and be nice to one another .
- Alex
A handful of ruby on rails developers .
We like ruby , rails , seo , and other developer type things .
We work at avvo.com
Disney Channel is presenting new specials  the first ran last month , the second will be shown in October  in which Muppets interact with “ High School Musical ” stars and the Jonas Brothers , among other teenage wunderkinder .
A stream of comic videos is in production for Disney.com , where a new Muppet channel recently made its debut , and viral videos have been unleashed on YouTube .
NBC will broadcast a Christmas special in December , and special skits will arrive on certain ABC DVD releases .
( One skit with the working title “ Desperate Housepigs ” is on a coming “ Desperate Housewives ” DVD . )
A new feature film , still untitled , is planned for 2010 , with more in development .
Meanwhile the Muppets will work overtime elsewhere , appearing on a new float in the Macy ’s Thanksgiving Day Parade , on “ Nightline ” interviewing political candidates and on various talk shows .
More Muppet - theme attractions are being discussed for Disney theme parks .
And then there is the merchandise .
Coming soon : Muppet clothing at Urban Outfitters and Limited Too stores ; Muppet - theme items like stuffed animals and tote bags , at Macy ’s ; and a Muppet boutique at the New York flagship of F. A. O. Schwarz .
Disney does not want to create a flash in the pan ; it sees the Muppets as a franchise that can sit side by side with , say , Winnie the Pooh .
But creating any flash at all is the challenge .
With the exception of a guest appearance here and there , the characters have largely been in cold storage for the last three years .
And because the Muppets have been without a regular television gig for more than a decade , many children and younger teenagers do n’t know them .
Image Books , T - shirts and even skateboards are all part of Disneys carefully orchestrated new Muppets merchandising blitz .
Credit ...
Hyperion
Ms. Breier said recent focus groups indicated that some children could not even identify Kermit and Miss Piggy , much less ancillary characters like Fozzie Bear and Gonzo the Great .
The wisecracking , irreverent Muppets ( a combination of puppets and marionettes ) also do n’t fit that neatly in the Disney culture , as they differ from most of the company ’s bedrock characters in two big ways : Kermit and coterie were primarily created to entertain adults , and they live in the real world .
Henson was so insistent that they stand apart from his “ Sesame Street ” creations in personality and tone that he ( misleadingly ) titled the 1975 pilot that would boost their careers “ The Muppet Show : Sex and Violence . ”
After reading the WebKit SquirrelFish Extreme announcement , I figured it ’s time to revisit the JavaScript engine / web browser race once again .
In short : Squirrel Fish Extreme is fastest by a whopping 35 % over its nearest competitor , making WebKit the fastest browser once again .
Let ’s see how the numbers come out .
SunSpider Benchmark Comparison of JavaScript Engines
SunSpider running from the command line ( to ensure the test is as pure as possible ) was used for this test .
My test system is a 2.4GHz iMac . *
These graphs are shown in runs per minute for clarity .
Longer bars are better .
The raw timings are :
Detailed timings are linked above .
Of course , browsers are not purely executing JavaScript – DOM and rendering speeds are performance considerations as well .
For this , we turn to Mozilla ’s Dromaeo benchmark .
Dromaeo on Windows
As you can see , Firefox and WebKit smoke Google Chrome on this benchmark .
WebKit comes out slightly ahead , so we need another benchmark to clear things up .
Once again , Dromaeo , but on OS X now .
The full timings for these benchmarks are here :
Dromaeo on Mac OS X
Full timings for these benchmarks are here :
The McCain campaign just does not want to talk about the economy .
In their world view , it ’s a bad political issue that with some political maneuvering can be side - stepped .
But that ignores the fact that in the real world , the economy is THE issue .
Seriously , there is no comprehension on the GOP side over how the failing economy is directly affecting the American people .
The Republicans think by going negative they change the subject :
McCain ’s course correction reflects a growing case of nerves within his high command as the electoral map has shifted significantly in Obama ’s favor in the past two weeks .
“ It ’s a dangerous road , but we have no choice , ” a top McCain strategist told the Daily News .
“ If we keep talking about the economic crisis , we ’re going to lose . ”
Stop talking about the economic crisis and you ’re going to lose , too .
And , as I write this , the Dow is down over 500 points , so I think , and this is just a guess , that people are still going to be talking about the economy for the next couple weeks …
We all know that we should be sight reading , getting better at reading music .
Sight reading is just looking at notes on a page and playing them , but then the question is how you actually practice this so that you get better at it , because we all want to get better at it , but it ’s [… ]
For middle - aged and older adults , searching the Internet could be a boost to the brain , a new study suggests .
In recent years , several studies have showed a link between pursuing activities that keep the mind engaged , such as crossword puzzles and memory games , and a lowered risk of cognitive decline later in life .
As the brain ages , a number of structural and functional changes occur , including atrophy , reductions in cell activity , and increases in deposits of amyloid plaques and tau tangles ( both associated with Alzheimer 's disease ) , all of which can affect cognitive function .
Keeping your brain active could drive some of these brain chemistry signals in the opposite direction compared to where they go as dementia sets in , and now it looks like surfing the Web could be another way to do that .
Increased activity
The new study , to be detailed in an upcoming issue of the journal American Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry , looked at the brain activity of 24 neurologically normal volunteers between the ages of 55 and 76 as they searched the Internet .
Half of the participants had experience surfing the Web , while the others did not .
The researchers used functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) scans to record subtle brain - circuitry changes in the patients as they performed Web searches and read book passages .
fMRI scans track the intensity of cell responses in the brain by measuring the level of blood flow through the brain .
All the study participants showed significant brain activity during the book - reading task , specifically in the temporal , parietal and occipital lobes of the brain , which are involved in controlling language , reading , memory and visual abilities .
But Internet searches revealed differences between the two groups .
While all the participants showed the same activity as during the book - reading , the Web - savvy group also registered activity in the frontal , temporal and cingulate areas of the brain , whereas those new to the net did not .
( These areas of the brain control decision - making and complex reasoning . )
" Our most striking finding was that Internet searching appears to engage a greater extent of neural circuitry that is not activated during reading — but only in those with prior Internet experience , " said study leader Gary Small of the Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human Behavior at UCLA .
What 's going on ?
Compared with reading , the wealth of choices on the Internet requires that people make decisions about what to click on , which engages important cognitive circuits in the brain .
" A simple , everyday task like searching the Web appears to enhance brain circuitry in older adults , demonstrating that our brains are sensitive and can continue to learn as we grow older , " Small said .
The work was funded by the Parvin Foundation .
With more time and experience , the group that was new to the Web could eventually show the same brain activation patterns as their more Internet - savvy peers .
The researchers noted that more research must be done to address both the positive and negative ways that new technologies might influence the aging brain .
With the popularity to Twitter and other Microblogging tools , we should expect to see a flurry of simliar tools for project and program mangaement for the enterprises .
Stemming from commodity technology , I ’m sure I ’ll have a hard time keeping this list up to date over a few months –expect IM vendors , blogging vendors , community platforms , enterprise 2.0 vendors , and a flurry of startups to offer similiar features , first read up on the pros and cons as well as some potential use cases .
It ’s interesting to see the need to justify enterprise needs of such tools that are already being adopted by consumers , typical of enterprise settings ( I ’m a former enterprise intranet manager ) .
With that said , let ’s start the definitive list .
List of Enterprise Microblogging Tools
I ’ll be making lots of updates to this post as comments come in .
I ’ll stop managing this list after a few weeks , I know an onslaught of features will appear in just about every imaginable software package , you can leave comments below , as always , if someone creates and index , I ’ll point to it .
See this list of opensource twitter vendors .
Also , Laura “ Pistachio ” has now started a form to populate her database of vendors .
She ’s now published a spreadsheet on mashable .
Also , I should add that Forrester is watching this space , aside from our CEO and many employees using these tool , we ’ve a report with data showing use of microblogging tools .
Have you deployed this at your company ?
Rafe of Webware and I would love to know , please contact me if you have , my email is on my contact page .
I already know of a some community platforms that are experimenting with similar tools , expect this to be a bolt of feature that many will provide in the next few moons .
If you know of others , leave a comment below , oh and if you like this list , you ’ll love these .
Any suggestion that it 's morbid to talk about John McCain 's mortality was mooted by the candidate himself the moment he chose an obviously unqualified running mate .
So let 's talk .
McCain " released " his medical records earlier this year .
He made 1,000 pages available , which sounds like a lot .
But they were released only to a select group of reporters under very specific rules .
They had to sit in a room to review them .
No electronic devices allowed , so the reporters could n't email or call medical sources in real time .
Making copies to take with them was also verboten .
The intrepid documentary filmmaker Robert Greenwald has put together this video :
Yes , he keeps a demanding schedule and all that , but that tells us nothing about what could happen to him two or four years from now .
His melanoma diagnosis dates to late 1999 or early 2000 .
One of the doctors in this piece states that the recurrence rate of McCain 's type of melanoma is 66 % within 10 years , and it 's been eight .
Another says that the kind of treatment that would be necessary to deal with a reoccurrence would incapacitate a person for a period of time .
Watch the video and , if you 're an American , sign the petition if you feel so moved ( sorry , no offense / offence , but I do n't reckon they want British signatures ) .
And remember Tomasky 's talking point if anyone accuses you of being inappropriate :
It 's McCain who made it appropriate to talk about this stuff , like grown ups and in some detail .
Adventures in Newspeak is a series that highlights the perversities of English that strongly contribute to an oppresive , hierarchical society .
The word " authority " has always bothered me , and Mike Gogulski has given me a chance to explain why .
The word authority conflates two separate and only slightly correlated concepts , and this conflation reinforces oppresive power structures .
The document that he links to especially irritates me because of how it dances around this extremely problematic word instead of pulling it apart .
Sometimes we use the word authority to mean expertise or knowledgeability , i.e .
" In the matter of boots , I refer to the authority of the bootmaker ; concerning houses , canals , or railroads , I consult that of the architect or the engineer . " ( from above linked document ) Substitue " knowledge " or " expertise " for " authority " and the sentence does not change meaning .
Other times we use the word authority to mean power or control , i.e .
" How Much Authority Does the President Possess When He Is Acting as " Commander In Chief " ? " ( from here )
In context , this does n't ask how expertly the President performs the duties of a Commander - In - Chief , but rather what powers he has in such a situation .
Using the same word for both of these concepts implies that those with power have the knowledge to use it well , and that those with knowledge will gain the power to put it to good use .
Ideally this is the case , but it often does n't quite work that way ( just look at the economy ) .
The post that Mike is responding to does n't even use the word authority , but he inserts it anyways , even though Alberto clearly says which kind of authority he objects to ( " oppressive forces weigh down on the average college student " ) .
This arbitrary reinvention of someone 's words does not further the deconstruction of power hierarchies .
I am not accusing Mike of intentionally twisting words , or arguing in bad faith .
I am simply trying to illuminate an oddity of English that hinders communication so that we can have a more constructive conversation .
Labels : Adventures in Newspeak
Dying boy , 8 , ' marries ' school sweetheart in last wish before telling mother : ' I can go now '
An eight - year - old boy who had battled cancer for half of his life ' married ' his school sweetheart - before telling his mother ' I can go now ' and dying just hours later .
Reece Fleming refused to give in to leukaemia until he had fulfilled his wish of a mock wedding to his special friend Elleanor Pursglove .
The two children , who had been friends for years , had taken part in an emotional ceremony in Reece 's front room in which he handed his ' bride ' a red rose .
The young couple : Elleanor Pursglove in her wedding dress , with ReeceFleming in his favourite shirt .
Reece died the next day .
The wedding was the last on a list of ambitions Reece had vowed to realise before his death - including a rides in a Ferrari and a Porsche , spending a day at a fire station and holding a pirate - themed party for friends .
His wish - list echoed the plot of the recent Hollywood blockbuster The Bucket List , in which Jack Nicholson and Morgan Freeman play terminally ill patients who fulfill a series of dreams before they die .
Reece 's mother told how he had fallen ill in July 2004 , before undertaking gruelling sessions of radiotherapy and chemotherapy .
After he was given just weeks to live , brave Reece popped the question one more time - and Elleanor accepted .
On the list : Reece 's dream of riding a Ferrari was granted
Lorraine , 28 , said : " When we found out that we only had a few weeks with him we tried to do absolutely everything with him that we could .
" He and Elleanor had been good friends for years , and he always said he wanted to marry her .
It was something he had his heart set on .
" He had asked her a few times , and she finally decided to accept .
Their relationship was very strong . "
Originally the sweethearts had planned to have a vicar present to guide them through their vows , with Elleanor , also aged eight , arriving by limousine .
Lorraine Fleming holds a treasured picture of Reece 's big day
But Reece 's condition quickly started to deteriorate and , dressed in his favourite Next shirt , the groom waited patiently at his home , while Elleanor was whisked to his front room for a simple ceremony .
Lorraine , of Mackworth , Derby , said : " I 'm sure Reece knew he did n't have long , but he was determined to go ahead with the ' marriage ' .
" He said to me : ' Mum , I 'm not ready to go yet . '
That was how much it meant to him .
I knew there and then he really wanted it to happen . "
Elleanor donned a wedding dress for the occasion and Reece presented her with a single red rose .
Jack Nicholson plays a cancer sufferer in The Bucket List , who wants to fulfill his wildest dreams before he dies
Lorraine said : " I had managed to hold myself together quite well , but when I saw her coming up the path with her bouquet I had to shed a little tear .
" You can't really describe in words what it was like .
Reece and Elleanor were both very quiet , but there was a lot of feeling in the room . "
With Elleanor 's mother Hannah playing the role of vicar , the youngsters exchanged vows and rings and were even given a marriage certificate .
But " ladies ' man " Reece turned gentleman and chose not to kiss the bride - despite earning a reputation as a flirt during his time in hospital .
Lorraine said : " He had a real crush on one of the nurses and was always a bit touchy - feely with her if the chance presented itself .
" In the end she had to tell him she was already engaged - but he was fine with that , because it cleared the way for him to ' marry ' Elleanor .
" He was always a real gent and very respectful to Elleanor .
He was very restless before the ceremony , but afterwards he was so happy .
" He just lay on the bed , looking like the ' wedding ' was what he had been waiting for .
He was completely at peace .
He said : ' Mum , I can go now . ' "
Reece died the following day .
Stepfather Mick Thompson , 28 , said : " He made a big impact on a lot of people .
He was a ladies ' man with a big personality - everyone knew when he was in the room . "
Elleanor 's mother Hannah said : " Elleanor is missing him a lot now .
They were both really pleased with the ceremony .
It was very special - he just kept smiling at her . "
Cracked .com 's new book is now on sale .
What follows is one of the classic articles that appear in the book , along with 18 new articles that you can't read anywhere else .
Every month magazines like Cosmo , Playboy and Boob Fancy write up some titillating article about places you just have to have sex at least once in your life .
All of them seem to operate on the Hollywood idea that having sex while , say , zooming down the Pacific Coast Highway on a motorcycle is well worth the risks involved .
Well , you should at least know the dangers of these fantasy sex locations before you get drunk enough to try it .
Advertisement
9 The Beach Sex on the beach sounds so hot and romantic , does n't it ?
It 's so popular they even named a drink after it .
Then again , they also named a drink the Duck Fart .
In any event , it 's still a popular motif in film and books , lying out on the sand under the stars while the waves crash behind you and your special friend as you engage in briny coitus .
As anyone who 's ever had sex on the beach probably already knows , if you 're not extremely careful you 're going to discover what it feels like to exfoliate areas of your body that do n't need to be exfoliated .
And while even places that recommend sex on the beach will point out the sand issue with a little wink and a nudge , they rarely mention the levels of fecal bacteria often found in the sand .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Every summer , beaches around the country get shut down due to high bacteria levels in the water .
But recent research by some scientists has shown that sand , awesome filter of filth that it is , can collect big , fatty loads of that bacteria with the ebb and flow of tides .
In fact , they can live a fuller , more robust life in the sand than in the water .
If you 're grinding away all nude and lascivious on that sand , chances are some of it is finding its way inside your body .
Exposure to these bacteria can lead to fun things like typhoid fever , hepatitis A and dysentery , none of which will make your next sexual encounter particularly exciting .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
CHICAGO 
The authorities arrested a former Chicago police commander at his Florida home on Tuesday and charged him in a police brutality scandal that contributed to the emptying of Illinois ’ death row and that continues to resonate as one of the most racially charged chapters in the city ’s history .
The activities of the former commander , Jon Burge , 60 , have been the subject of speculation for decades as scores of criminal suspects , many poor and black , have come forward saying they were routinely brutalized by Mr. Burge and the mostly white officers under his command on the South Side in the 1980s .
Patrick J. Fitzgerald , the United States attorney for the Northern District of Illinois , said at a news conference that Mr. Burge “ lied and impeded court proceedings ” in 2003 when he provided false written answers to questions in a civil lawsuit that claimed he and other officers had abused inmates .
According to the indictment , Mr. Burge “ well knew ” he had participated in and was aware of “ such events involving the abuse or torture of people in custody , ” including wrapping inmates ’ heads in plastic to make them feel as if they were suffocating .
On November 4 , 2008 , 47 - year - old Barack Obama was elected to be the 44th President of the United States , after a hard - fought two - year presidential campaign .
He was sworn in as President on January 20 , 2009 .
Fast Facts : Barack Obama Full Name : Barack Hussein Obama , II
Barack Hussein Obama , II Known For : 44 th President of the United States , in office January 20 , 2009 to January 20 , 2017
44 President of the United States , in office January 20 , 2009 to January 20 , 2017 Born : August 4 , 1961 in Honolulu , Hawaii
August 4 , 1961 in Honolulu , Hawaii Parents : Barack Obama Sr. and Ann Dunham
Barack Obama Sr. and Ann Dunham Spouse : Married on October 18 , 1992 to Michelle Robinson , an attorney and Chicago native
Married on October 18 , 1992 to Michelle Robinson , an attorney and Chicago native Children : Malia and Sasha
Malia and Sasha Education : B.A. in international relations , 1983 , Columbia University .
J.D. from Harvard Law School , where he was the first black Editor of the Harvard Law Review
B.A. in international relations , 1983 , Columbia University .
J.D. from Harvard Law School , where he was the first black Editor of the Harvard Law Review Major Accomplishments : First African American president , Nobel Peace Price ( 2009 ) , Profile in Courage Award ( 2017 ) , best - selling author
First African American president , Nobel Peace Price ( 2009 ) , Profile in Courage Award ( 2017 ) , best - selling author Fun Fact : Obama is a Chicago White Sox and Chicago Bears fan , and an avid basketball player
Early Life
Born Barack Hussein Obama , Jr , his father was a Kenya - born Harvard - educated economist and his mother was Ann Dunham , a Caucasian anthropologist .
He was 2 years old when his father left the family .
His father ( deceased in 1982 ) returned to Kenya and only saw his son once more .
His mother remarried and moved Barack to Indonesia .
He returned to Hawaii at age 10 to live with his maternal grandparents .
He graduated from the respected Punahou School with honors .
As a teenager , he scooped ice cream at Baskin - Robbins , and has admitted to dabbling in marijuana and cocaine .
His mother died of cancer in 1995 .
Political Timeline
Before entering politics , Obama worked as a community organizer and a civil rights attorney .
In addition , Obama was a Senior Lecturer in Constitutional Law at University of Chicago Law School .
In the early 90s , he aggressively organized one of the largest voter registration drives in Chicago history to help Bill Clinton 's 1992 election .
Obama ( D - IL ) was elected to the U.S. Senate on November 2 , 2004 , after serving seven years as an Illinois state senator .
In 2004 , Sen . Obama also signed a $ 1.9 million deal to author three books .
The first , The Audacity of Hope , discusses his political convictions .
His 1995 autobiography was a bestseller .
Barack Obama 's voting record and stances as US Senator and Illinois State Senator reflect a " practical , common sense progressive " thinker who emphasizes increased support for teachers , college affordability , and restoration of meaningful federal support of veterans .
As a Senator , Obama 's areas of special legislative interest were in support for working families , public education , health care , economic growth , and job creation , and ending the Iraq War .
As an Illinois state senator , he worked passionately for ethics reforms and criminal justice reform .
Obama first rose to national prominence when he delivered an inspiring keynote speech at the 2004 Democratic National Convention .
On February 10 , 2007 , Barack Obama declared his candidacy for the 2008 Democratic nomination for the presidency .
On June 3 , 2008 , Obama accumulated enough Democratic convention delegates votes to become the presumptive party nominee for the presidential race .
On October 9 , 2009 , the Nobel Committee announced that President Barack Obama had been awarded the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize .
The Obama Persona
Barack Obama is an independent - minded leader with an even - keel temperament , charismatic speaking skills and a knack for consensus - building .
He 's also a talented , introspective writer .
His values are strongly shaped by his expertise as a Constitutional law professor and civil rights attorney , and by Christianity .
While private by nature , Obama mingles easily with others , but is most comfortable addressing large crowds .
He is known for being unafraid to speak and hear hard truths when necessary .
Obama was named by Time magazine in 2005 , 2007 , and 2008 as one of the 100 most influential people in the world .
Memorable Quotes
" You can't have No Child Left Behind if you leave the money behind . "
" I do agree that the Democrats have been intellectually lazy in failing to take the core ideals of the Democratic Party and adapting them to circumstances ....
It 's not just a matter of sticking in a quote from the Bible into a stock speech . "
" There has yet to be a serious conversation about health care on the floor of the United States Senate . "
" As parents , we need to find the time and the energy to step in and find ways to help our kids love reading .
We can read to them , talk to them about what they 're reading and make time for this by turning off the TV ourselves .
Libraries can help parents with this .
Knowing the constraints we face from busy schedules and a TV culture , we need to think outside the box here - to dream big like we always have in America .
Right now , children come home from their first doctor 's appointment with an extra bottle of formula .
But imagine if they came home with their first library card or their first copy of Goodnight Moon ?
What if it was as easy to get a book as it is to rent a DVD or pick up McDonalds ?
What if instead of a toy in every Happy Meal , there was a book ?
What if there were portable libraries that rolled through parks and playgrounds like ice cream trucks ?
Or kiosks in stores where you could borrow books ?
What if during the summer , when kids often lose much of the reading progress they 've made during the year , every child had a list of books they had to read and talk about and an invitation to a summer reading club at the local library ?
Libraries have a special role to play in our knowledge economy . "
— June 27 , 2005 Speech to the American Library Association
Alison Carroll is Tomb Raider 's New Lara Croft
Former gymnastis the new face of Lara Croft in the Tomb Raider game due out in November .
23 - year - old Carroll follows in the footsteps of Nell McAndrew and Angelina Jolie in portraying the iconic action heroine .
Beating out hundreds of hopefuls for the role , she has left her day job as a receptionist to begin a grueling training regime .
A gymnastic coach who choreographed the routine for the junior team that won the British National Championships , Alison was unveiled to the media for the first time as Lara Croft at Pineapple Studios in London .
According to Carroll , she has " always wanted to be an action hero . "
More photos of Alison Carroll as Lara Croft below .
photos : Wenn
All the energy America needs for the next 100 years lies under the sea off the coast of South Carolina .
One problem : Digging it out could cause a global climate disaster .
Welcome to the final frontier in fossil fuels , the wild card in climate change theories and the dark horse in the scramble to secure access to clean energy .
Meet methane hydrates , the world 's most promising and perilous energy resource .
Methane is the principal component of natural gas , and massive amounts of it are trapped in reservoirs beneath the sea floor and under a layer of the ice - like substance .
The scale of the resource is spectacular .
By some estimates , methane hydrates contain more energy content than all other known fossil fuels combined .
Two small areas located roughly 200 miles off the coast of Charleston , S.C. , contain enough methane to meet the country 's gas needs for more than a century .
And this is only one of at least two dozen similar reservoirs discovered in U.S. coastal waters since the early 1970s .
Disaster waiting to happen ?
The paradox is that while gas can be extracted from methane hydrates , doing so poses potentially catastrophic risks .
Methane hydrates are frozen water molecules that trap methane gas molecules in a crystalline , lattice - like structure known as a hydrate .
Unlike normal ice , hydrate ice literally burns — light a match and it goes up in flames .
As temperatures rise or pressure rates fall , the hydrate disintegrates and the water releases the gas .
A substantial amount of evidence suggests that weakening the lattice - like structure of gas hydrates has triggered underwater landslides on the continental margin .
In other words , the extraction process , if done improperly , could cause sudden disruptions on the ocean floor , reducing ocean pressure rates and releasing methane gas from hydrates .
A mass release of methane into the sea and atmosphere could have catastrophic consequences on the pace of climate change .
More than 50 million years ago , undersea landslides resulted in the release of methane gas from methane hydrate , which contributed to global warming that lasted tens of thousands of years .
" Methane hydrate was a key cause of the global warming that led to one of the largest extinctions in the earth 's history , " Ryo Matsumoto , a professor at the University of Tokyo who has spent 20 years researching the subject , told Bloomberg in December .
Major resource
But given its potential , the race is on to figure out how to safely exploit this resource .
Timothy Collett , a research geologist at the U.S. Geological Survey , has estimated that there could be as much as 317 quadrillion cubic feet of methane gas stored in hydrates in the U.S .
To put this in perspective , the U.S. Department of Energy estimates that the country has 187 trillion cubic ft of natural gas reserves .
Needless to say , the potential value of gas hydrates as a less - polluting and more secure supply of energy is immense .
Major government research initiatives have been launched in China , India , Germany , Norway , Russia , Taiwan and several other countries .
The Japanese government has estimated that producing gas from methane hydrates is commercially viable when oil prices rise above $ 54 a barrel .
In 2003 , an international consortium that included Japan , Canada , the U.S. , India and Germany produced natural gas from methane hydrates in the Mackenzie Delta in Canada 's Northwest Territories .
To date , Japan has made the biggest bet on methane hydrates and appears to be the closest to commercial production .
Since 2000 , Japan has drilled nearly three dozen exploratory well holes in the Nankai Trough .
Roughly 30 miles off the coast of Honshu Island in the Pacific Ocean , the Nankai Trough holds an estimated 40 trillion cubic feet of gas hydrates and has received the largest investment and advanced field research of any project in the world .
" We 're trying to find the lowest - hanging fruit , " says Kelly Rose , a research geologist at the U.S. Department of Energy National Energy Technology Laboratory .
" Production is definitely possible if we can keep giving the support needed to figure out how these fields work .
In the last six months , things have really started to pick up . "
In the U.S. , major federal industry partnerships have been formed in both the Gulf of Mexico and on the North Slope of Alaska .
Chevron has led the JIP project in the Gulf of Mexico .
BPAX and the U.S. Department of Energy are currently exploring sites for a long - term production facility , which will likely begin in 2009 .
Meanwhile , Japan and Canada are well into long - term production tests in the Mackenzie Delta that began in 2007 .
In the past two months , the U.S. Department of Energy has completed bilateral agreements with Japan , Korea and India that will increase collaboration on methane hydrates research .
" We think that the future may be sooner than some of us are considering , " Robert Hunter , president of ASRC Energy Services , which led the first major field study in Alaska 's Prudhoe Bay with BP Alaska Exploration and the Department of Energy , told Petroleum News .
" In parts of the world such as the North Slope , with unique motivation , hydrates may become a very stable source of natural gas within the next five to 10 years . "
Ironically , rising sea levels and temperatures appear to be causing methane releases from hydrates with or without drilling .
Industry insiders describe the commercialization of gas hydrates as similar to the development of coal bed gas resources .
Not very long ago , coal bed methane , which currently accounts for almost 10 per cent of all U.S. natural gas production , was considered too expensive for commercial production .
Technological innovations made coal bed gas a viable fuel .
" In coal bed technology , they kept at it until they found the key that unlocked the door and things started happening , which is likely the way methane hydrates will develop , " says Rose .
" The whole goal of our research is to figure out the recipe for how these methane hydrate fields work .
It will take different technologies in the future , but getting the recipe is the first big step . "
We all sell for a living , and one of the toughest challenges can be getting a traditional marketer to approve concepts and budgets for innovative digital programs .
Some try to slam concepts through , and often fail to get buy - in .
Others recognize that winning the budgetary affections of a traditional marketer requires some finesse -- like a well - choreographed dance .
Here are five steps that can help you dance your way to consistent wins .
Channel Arthur Murray
The late , great Arthur Murray popularized ballroom dance in America .
His legacy is a company that now has more than 260 dance education studios worldwide .
And what they do in those studios is teach dance in ways that are fun , supportive and step - by - step .
Pun intended .
Teaching that ensures that the new dancer feels their own progress with each lesson .
Most traditional people have tons of curiosity about digital .
They read the trades .
Their kids are Snapchatting and Instagramming all day .
They get its power on an intellectual level .
But you can't dance if no one takes the time to show you the steps .
It 's the same with digital .
That traditional marketer wo n't get into what you are selling without getting out on the metaphorical hardwood and trying .
If you want to sell a Pinterest program , get your boss on Pinterest .
If you want to sell a big tablet initiative , get them to agree to give up their PC for a day , and lend them your iPad .
Trying to sell in an app ?
Show them a competitor app .
Digital is participatory , not passive .
By making participation part of your pitch , you will be amazed at what you can push through .
That traditional marketer will thank you for your efforts .
There 's a difference between not being capable of dancing , and not knowing how .
Do the " foot in the door " two - step
Here 's a dance every change agent has to know .
It 's often easier to sell a traditional marketer on a concept first , and then talk money later .
Intuitively , many digital initiatives are so inherently rich and game - changing that they get people excited .
If you work for an online travel agent , for example , who could argue with the value of having your loyal customers having an app with then 24/7 so they can buy tickets , rooms , and car rentals at any time ?
Without the pre-sell , you are asking people to take money away from something they understand and put it against something they may not really " get " at first glance .
But if you do the two - step , they get used to the idea -- and get behind it -- before the checkbook has to come out .
Sometimes , we digital people want to move so quickly that we try to ram everything through in 10 minutes .
But innovation often takes a little finesse to sell .
Ideas excite both the rational and emotional sides of our brains .
Spreadsheets are usually compelling to only one side .
Sell the concept first .
And gain agreement and commitment to the principle .
That 's your foot in the door .
Then go back a little later for budget .
Master the strategic line dance
Some people can get excited about digital programs because they are groundbreaking and cool .
And some digital people think that sometimes experimenting with new technologies should take priority over strong strategic alignment .
I personally disagree with that , but understand why others think differently .
But no matter for our purposes here .
What 's important to remember is that for someone not fully convinced of the power of digital , ensuring that your recommendations have a strategic foundation is important .
Focus on recommending programs that have a tight strategic fit -- that are clearly capable of helping your brand meet a critical business challenge .
Get in line with the brand strategy and you 'll get some good time out on the dance floor .
Ask for one dance , not their full dance card
Rationalize the size of your request with the extent to which a strategy or tactic is proven to work for your category .
A $ 50 K test is a lot easier for a traditional marketer to buy into than a $ 1 M full year program .
One of the best things about digital is that there is usually a way to do a proof of concept before you make a major commitment .
Credit all the years when budgets were lean for the willingness of even large companies to accommodate small ( ish ) test budgets .
What 's critical here , as with all digital programs but especially here , is that you establish success and failure measures before a program begins , and have a robust measurement system in place to do the counting .
Most companies prefer a third - party to verify results -- otherwise the vendor is " grading their own papers . "
Sweep 'em off their feet with a languid habanera
There 's nothing more annoying to a traditional marketer than being told they are obsolete dinosaurs .
I am 1,000 percent convinced that digital would have gotten budget traction a lot faster if we had n't positioned it as something that was going to thrash ho - hum TV and Print overnight .
Newsflash : people watch more TV than ever .
If you have disdain for your traditional peers -- newsflash : your disdain shows .
They can feel it .
Get over your arrogance .
Recognize that all media , traditional and otherwise , have strengths , and that digital is just part of the story for a big brand .
Think about innovation and the ideas you want to implement in the context of the entire marketing mix .
How does digital make the overall plan better ?
And recognize that that dinosaur you need to convince probably knows a lot about a lot of things that you do n't know .
You do n't slap a dance partner in the face and then get them to cut a rug with you .
Dance with them , respect their knowledge and perspective .
And never be a wallflower again !
North Korea does not produce enough food to feed its population
North Korean scientists have developed a new kind of noodle that delays feelings of hunger , a Japan - based pro-Pyongyang newspaper has reported .
The noodles were made from corn and soybeans , the Choson Shinbo said .
They left people feeling fuller longer and represented a technological breakthrough , the newspaper said .
North Korea is dependent on foreign food aid .
Last month the UN warned that residents were experiencing their worst food shortages in a decade .
But the communist country remains reluctant to allow experts to fully assess the scale of the problem or give them adequate access to deliver aid .
UN warnings
According to the newspaper , which is seen as closely linked to the Pyongyang leadership , the new noodles have twice as much protein and fives times as much fat as ordinary noodles .
" When you consume ordinary noodles ( made from wheat or corn ) , you may soon feel your stomach empty .
But this soybean noodle delays such a feeling of hunger , " it said on its website .
The noodles would be available soon across North Korea , the newspaper said .
An estimated one million people starved to death in North Korea in the late 1990s after natural disasters and government mismanagement devastated the country 's economy .
In July , the World Food Programme warned that six million people were in urgent need of food aid , following severe flooding last year .
Most households had cut their food intake and more people are scavenging for wild foods , WFP assessors found .
We know Google 's ( GOOG ) YouTube is a tough sell for advertisers .
But video site 's sales team may be having an even tougher time than recent reports suggest .
YouTube sales manager Brian Cusack says YouTube is able to sell ads against " less than 3 % " of the total videos on the site .
That shaves more than a point off the 4 % floated by the WSJ two weeks ago , which cited " one person familiar with the matter . "
In comments to a ClickZ conference on online video in New York , Cusack said YouTube had been embraced by the movie studio and TV network advertisers , and was making progress with more conservative marketers in retail , consumer packaged goods and home improvement categories , which are overcoming the " perceived risk of what appearing next to user - generated content . "
The biggest unknown :
How many of the 4 billion or so YouTube videos watched each month actually carry ads .
Presumably some of the most popular are also high - quality clips produced by partners , and those may have ads .
On the other hand many of the viral hits on the site , such as last week 's " Homemade Porn , " run without advertising
Either way , it 's a sign that while YouTube has a long way to go , or perhaps a testament to their abilities that they 'll manage $ 200 million in 2008 revenue from such a small sliver of videos offered on the site .
See Also : Google Blows Q2 : Multiple Compression Continues ...
Google : We Can't Figure Out How To Make Money On Web Video , Either
Lehman : Another Kind - Of Bullish YouTube Revenue Estimate
Google 's YouTube : Not Such A Money Pit After All ?
Mono 2.0 has been released .
Though still behind Microsoft's .NET in some areas , in others it has leaped ahead .
For those seeking to write cross- platform applications , the first list of features in the release notes is the Microsoft - compatible APIs .
ADO.NET 2.0 API for accessing databases .
ASP .NET 2.0 API for developing Web - based applications .
Windows .
Forms 2.0 API to create desktop applications .
System.XML 2.0 : An API to manipulate XML documents .
System .
Core : Provides support for the Language Integrated Query ( LINQ ) .
System.Xml.Linq : Provides a LINQ provider for XML .
System .
Drawing 2.0 API : A portable graphics rendering API .
For cross-platform graphics , Mono also offers Mono .
Cairo , a binding to the Cairo Graphics library .
" Currently supported output targets include the X Window System , Quartz , Win32 , image buffers , PostScript , PDF , and SVG file output .
Experimental backends include OpenGL ( through glitz ) , XCB , BeOS , OS / 2 , and DirectFB . "
For applications that behave more natively on Linux , Gtk# 2.12 is available as an alternative to Windows .
Forms .
These provide access to Gtk+ and Gnome , and are also usable on Windows and OSX .
Also useful to Linux developers is Mono .
Posix , which offers both low level and high level interfaces to Linux and Unix - specific functionality .
If you are looking to manipulate compiled assemblies , Mono .
Cecil does just that .
This can be used for experimentation , patching code after the source was lost , or for building AOP - style frameworks and tools .
For database access , Mono provides bindings to SQLite .
Other databases supported by third - party libraries include PostgresSQL , DB2 , Oracle , Sybase , SQL server , and Firebird .
On the compiler front , C# 3 is supported with full LINQ support .
Very large arrays using 64 - bt indexes are supported on 64 - bit machines , a part of the ECMA specification that Microsoft has not implemented yet .
Visual Basic is a version behind , only supporting VB 8 .
On MacOS and Solaris , DTrace is supported .
The Enforcement of Intellectual Property Rights
Act of 2008 , which was blasted by consumer groups and library associations this week as an " enormous gift " to the content industry , won the approval of the Senate Judiciary Committee this afternoon by a 14 - 4 vote .
As first reported by Ars this morning , a series of amendments were added during committee mark - up , providing privacy safeguards for records seized under the law and stripping away several controversial provisions — though not the hotly contested section empowering the Justice Department to litigate civil infringement suits on behalf of IP owners .
One significant change to the proposed legislation addressed , at least in some small measure , a concern broached by Public Knowledge and other consumer groups in a letter to the Judiciary Committee yesterday .
Though the amended bill still creates expanded provisions for civil forfeiture of property implicated in an IP infringement case — potentially including servers or storage devices containing the personal data of large numbers of innocent persons — lawmakers altered the bill 's language to affirmatively require a court to issue a protective order " with respect to discovery and use of any records or information that has been impounded , " establishing " procedures to ensure that confidential , private , proprietary , or privileged information contained in such records is not improperly disclosed or used . "
They did not , however , go so far as to immunize the data of " virtual bystanders " from seizure , as the letter had requested .
The forfeiture section was also modified to exclude , as grounds for seizure , the violation of the " anticircumvention " provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act .
The old language would have allowed for forfeiture of tools that could be used to circumvent digital rights management software .
Excised , as well , was language that would have barred the " transshipment " through the United States of IP infringing goods .
Since different countries have different IP rules , this language would potentially have defined goods that were legal in both their country of origin and their final destination — because , for instance , differences in copyright terms allowed works to fall into the public domain overseas while still under copyright in the US — as contraband .
The amendments also added a seat for a representative of the Food and Drug Administration , as well as any " such other agencies as the President determines to be substantially involved in the efforts of the Federal Government to combat counterfeiting and piracy " on the " interagency intellectual property enforcement advisory committee " that the bill would create .
Two new provisions were tacked on to the end of the law .
The first directs the Comptroller General to conduct a study of the impact of piracy on domestic manufacturers and develop recommendations for improving the protection of IP in manufactured goods .
( Would n't it be better to do this sort of thing before enacting enforcement legislation ? )
The second is a nonbinding " sense of congress " resolution stipulating that , while " effective criminal enforcement of the intellectual property laws against such violations in all categories of works should be among the highest priorities of the Attorney General , " the AG should give priority , in cases of software piracy , to cases of " willful theft of intellectual property for purposes of commercial advantage or private financial gain , " especially those " where the enterprise involved in the theft of intellectual property is owned or controlled by a foreign enterprise or other foreign entity . "
Which is to say , that copy of Photoshop you pulled off BitTorrent last week is n't on the top of the Justice Department 's docket ... yet .
Remaining intact was language that would give the Justice Department authority to pursue civil suits against IP infringers , awarding any damages won to the patent , copyright , or trademark holders .
Critics have blasted this provision as a gift of free , taxpayer - funded legal services to content owners .
The bill now goes to the full Senate , and must still be recognized with its counterpart legislation in the House , which lacks the language deputizing the DoJ to bring suit on behalf of IP owners .
Learn how to play jazz guitar with our free jazz guitar lessons covering scales , chords , modes , improvisation , guitar technique , theory , and much more .
Whether you ’re an absolute beginner or an advanced guitarist , our guitar lessons and exercises will help take your musicianship to the next level !
Editor 's note : Jeffrey A. Miron is senior lecturer in economics at Harvard University .
A libertarian , he was one of 166 academic economists who signed a letter to congressional leaders opposing the government bailout plan .
Economist Jeffrey Miron says the government bailouts of banks will hide problems and spread inefficiency .
CAMBRIDGE , Massachusetts ( CNN ) --
Ten days after passage of its $ 700 billion bailout of the financial sector , the U.S. Treasury has announced that it will implement this program , in part , by giving banks $ 250 billion in return for shares of their stock .
In other words , the U.S. government will acquire a significant ownership stake in the banking sector .
The goal of this stock purchase is to " inject liquidity . "
This will , in principle , improve bank solvency and increase bank lending , thereby minimizing the chance of a recession .
This approach appears to be favored by the Treasury over the previously announced strategy of buying " troubled assets " from banks .
The Treasury is also planning to guarantee new bank debt and expand insurance of bank deposits .
Alas , the new approach is no better than the first .
Here 's why .
If banks were fundamentally sound but temporarily in need of cash , they could sell stock on their own to private investors .
Few investors now want bank stock , however , because they cannot tell which banks are merely illiquid -- short of cash for new loans because their assets are temporarily sellable only at fire - sale prices -- and which are fundamentally insolvent -- short of cash and holding assets whose fundamental values are less than the bank 's liabilities .
This lack of transparency is a crucial impediment to new investment , and therefore to new lending .
Government injection of cash , however , does little to improve transparency .
A bank with complicated , depreciated assets is in much the same position after the government gives it cash as it was before , since outside investors will still have limited information about the solvency of any individual bank .
Perhaps the new cash will spur the sale of bad assets , or nudge banks to reveal their balance sheets , but that is far from obvious .
Banks , moreover , might remain cautious even with this increased liquidity simply because of uncertainty about the economy .
Thus it is hard to know whether cash injections will actually spur bank lending .
In any event , government ownership of banks has frightening long - term implications , whether or not it alleviates the credit crunch .
Government ownership means that political forces will determine who wins and who loses in the banking sector .
The government , for example , will push banks to aid borrowers with poor credit histories , to subsidize politically connected industries , and to lend in the districts of powerful members of Congress .
All of this is horrible for economic efficiency .
Government pressure will be difficult for banks to resist , since the government can both threaten to withdraw its ownership stake or promise further injections whenever it wants to modify bank behavior .
Banks will respond by accommodating government objectives in exchange for continued financial support .
This is crony capitalism , pure and simple .
iReport.com :
What do you think about the bailout ?
Government ownership of banks will not be a temporary expedient .
Politicians can swear they will unwind the government 's position once " economic conditions improve , " but no one can enforce this promise .
The temptation to use banks as a political tool will be permanent , not temporary , so government ownership will continue for decades , or forever .
Worse yet , government ownership of banks sets a precedent for ownership in every industry that suffers economic hardship .
Some might argue that banking is " essential , " but many industries -- autos , steel , computers or agriculture -- will make similar claims when it is their turn to demand a bailout .
Thus banking will be only the first victim in an enormous expansion of the government 's role .
This again will have disastrous consequences for economic efficiency .
Last but not least , a government " injection of liquidity " is still a bailout in all but name .
The injection means that banks get cash , and they get it now .
This benefits current stockholders and bondholders , which is why stocks have jumped on news of the injections .
iReport.com : Check out a cartoonist 's take on the Wall Street crisis
The government , however , gets stock that might end up being worthless , since some banks will fail anyway .
The government gets stock that may never trade in a market or have its value determined by fundamentals .
The government gets stock that it cannot sell for years , if ever , without generating turbulence in asset markets as investors interpret the government 's decisions or position themselves to profit from them .
Government purchase of bank stock , therefore , is a transfer from taxpayers to people who took huge risks and lost .
The United States , and the world , got into the current mess by trying to insure away risk , which everyone should have known was a fool 's errand .
Thus bailing out risk - taking -- or providing new guarantees for loans and deposits -- will generate even greater problems down the line .
It is time for the government to do the one thing it does well : nothing at all .
This might mean serious economic pain in the short term , as more banks fail and the economy suffers through a recession .
As for a cancer patient who has a tumor removed , however , the long - term benefit will more than compensate .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .
All About Financial Markets • National Economy
Click to viewSometimes it seems like every little dreg of geek culture from your youth is out on DVD - but it 's not true !
Weirdly , there are huge gaps in the archives of science fiction TV shows that Hollywood is willing to sell you .
Think about this the next time you invite over that hottie from work and fail to get laid , entirely because you do n't have a DVD of Automan or M.A.N.T.I.S. on your shelf to impress that person .
Here 's our list of essential SF TV that you can't own on DVD , because Hollywood hates you .
Automan .
I do n't even know if I need to explain this one .
It 's another Glen Larson show , along the lines of the original Battlestar Galactica , except it 's about a guy who 's a holographic computer game image come to life .
And he goes out and fights crime ! - but only when the city 's electricity usage is at low levels .
If too many people plug in their electric blankets , he vanishes .
He 's like Tron , only in the real world .
And he has a sidekick named Cursor .
Blake 's 7
This one is an even bigger WTF , given what a cult following this show has in the U.S. Yes , there are U.K. DVDs , so if you 're willing to pay import prices and have a region - free player , you 're all set .
Advertisement
There were rumors of American DVDs of this show , about a freedom fighter who teams up with criminals to fight an evil galactic federation , several years ago when a TV revival was first floated .
But they never materialized , maybe due to rights issues .
Also not on U.S. DVD : Blake 's 7 creator Terry Nation 's series The Survivors .
Advertisement
M.A.N.T.I.S. Still no DVD , but ooh !
Looks like it 's available as a video on demand !
Still , I am disgruntled .
This was announced as coming out on DVD back in 2003 .
WTF ?
For those who missed it , this was an early Fox show about a paralyzed scientist ( the awesome Carl Lumbly from Alias ) who puts on a super exoskeleton / armor suit , and goes out to fight evil .
It also boasted an early appearance by our ruler , Gina Torres ( I should n't need to put anything in parentheses after her name . )
Captain Power And The Soldiers Of The Future
We posted a couple clips from this one a while back - it's an early show from Babylon 5 creator J. Michael Straczynski .
It 's like a post - apocalyptic saga , with evil cyborgs and laser gun fights .
It 's pretty much the perfect TV show .
Journeyman I 'm actually kind of shocked about this one .
I would have thought this show would do really well on DVD , since it 's like a novel in episodes , about a guy who finds himself zIpping between the past and the present , while trying to save his marriage and job and stuff .
It 's like a metaphor for our modern dislocation .
Also available as a video on demand though .
Alienated Okay , I know almost nothing about this show , but I need to see it on DVD after reading the description : " The plot centers on the Blundells , a typical suburban family living in Victoria who undergo strange ( often sexual ) changes after being abducted by space aliens ( who remain unseen throughout the series ) . "
Plus it 's Canadian , which means it 's automatically really sophisticated .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
G/O Media may get a commission From opengraph Buy now
Advertisement
Cosmic Slop
This was an African American Twilight Zone-esque anthology show that aired on HBO back in the 1990s .
I have been seeking it on DVD for many years .
It was co-produced by Reginald Hudlin , and took its name from the famous Funkadelic song .
In the first segment , aliens turn up and promise to make America fantastically wealthy forever - if we 'll let them take all of our black people away .
Another segment is based on a Chester Himes story about a poor squabbling couple who have a rifle mysteriously delivered to their door .
Space Island
One I loved this show when my local PBS station showed it , and we included it on our list of great unsung TV shows .
Here 's what I said then :
The crew of a corporate - funded space station mostly deals with scientifically plausible problems ( with a couple of exceptions ) and the stories focus on the ethical problems that come with profit - focused science .
I should add that the characters get deeper and richer the more you watch this show , until you suddenly discover that the nicest guy on the show is deeply fucked up in a way you never expected .
I would maim for DVDs of this show .
The Clangers Okay , I have no clue if this show would hold up today ; I 've only seen a few tiny clips since I was a little kid and I watched it religiously .
It 's a stop - motion claymation show about little aliens living in peace and eating blue - string pudding .
You know it 's a great show because it's the favorite entertainment of The Master , the evil time traveler from Doctor Who .
It 's like acid induced proto -Teletubbies in space .
I freely admit I may have rose - tinted glasses on when it comes to this show .
Here 's a clip .
Max Headroom
This one is really a no - brainer .
This show influenced so much of today 's television and was such a seminal cyberpunk masterpiece .
Its brain - exploding superfast adverts , " blipverts , " are like a warning of how ADD - focused advertising is becoming .
We need a box set that includes his early appearances as a music video show host , his short - lived TV series as an investigative reporter , and his various TV commercial and music video appearances .
RoboCop
Okay , I mostly want to see this because it sounds incredibly cheesy and hilarious .
I included it on my list of the worst TV shows based on movies , but it also sounds pretty amazing .
RoboCop does n't actually kill anyone because it 's kid-friendly viewing , and villains include Dr. Cray Z. Mallardo and Boppo The Clown .
Also not on DVD : the TV series of Logan 's Run , Starman and Timecop .
Mann And Machine
I found out about this show when I was doing our round - up of human - A.I. buddy comedy chemistry .
And now I can't believe there are no DVDs !
It sounds so awesome .
It 's about a human cop who hates androids , but he has to team up with a hot gynoid partner .
And then he sends her on dates with serial killers , and they end up living together .
Come on ?
Why is n't this on your shelf right now ?
Advertisement
The Middleman
It is definitely not too soon to start demanding our DVDs of this awesome show 's first season .
This could turn into one of those big - selling DVD items that converts tons of new fans and indoctrinates them in time for the inevitable second season .
( Inevitable , I tell you ! )
Seriously , in case you 're new to io9 and our obsession with this show , this Avengers - esque story of a young artist who goes for a temp gig and becomes the sidekick to a nameless man who fights alien monsters is one of our fave recent TV series , and the real reason DVDs exist is so we can proselytize about shows like this .
Life On Mars ( British version )
This head - injury time - travel cop show was a hit on BBC America , and now there 's an American remake with name actors in it like Harvey Keitel and Gretchen Moll .
So why are there no DVDs on the horizon ?
After the American remake totally fails to recapture the British magic , we 'll need to see the real thing .
( I 'm still watching the Brit episodes , thanks to the magic of TiVo . )
Space Cases
This Nickelodeon series featured a young Jewel Staite as Catalina , the super - cool space kid with the yelling powers .
It was written by Peter David and Lost In Space 's Bill Mumy , and featured weird plots and joyously silly acting from guest stars like George Takei ( playing the stentorian Warlord Shank . )
It was one of the few kids ' shows that you 'd want to watch with your kid the requisite 20 times .
Your kids demand these DVDs !
Spider - Man And His Amazing Friends
For some reason I 've been hearing about this show a lot lately .
It 's the seminal Spider - Man cartoon where he teams up with Ice - Man from the X - Men and Firestar , plus a super - dog .
Graeme recently suggested Spider - Man 5 should be based on this awesome cartoon .
So why can't we watch it and judge for ourselves ?
Time Trax
Okay , you 're going to start questioning my sanity now .
But I loved this show when it was on the short - lived PTEN syndicated network back in the early 1990s , because it was so goofy .
Dale Midkiff is a cop from a dystopian future ( where white people are a persecuted minority ) and he has to go back to our time to chase down time - traveling criminals .
In every episode , a boxer from the future uses his future - boxing powers to win boxing matches .
Or a future car mechanic uses future car mechanic powers or whatever .
And the future cop has a holographic sexy librarian helping him !
It 's so awesome .
Why is there no DVD ?
Tripods
And finally , the BBC TV adaptation of this classic book series about teenagers fighting War Of The Worlds - esque alien invaders was brilliant and arresting .
It featured then - cutting edge special effects and a cool alien - fighting coming - of - age storyline .
I have n't seen it in 20 years , and I 'm dying to see it again .
Runners up : Jake 2.0 never really won our hearts , because we were waiting for Jake Panther .
Also : Animorphs ; Charlie Jade ; Century City ; Century Falls ; Dark Skies ; Doctor
Who : the TV movie ; the Star Wars Holiday special ( does someone really want that on DVD ? ) , Exosquad ; First Wave ; The Man From Atlantis ; Future Cop ; Hard Time On Planet Earth ; Manimal ; Men Into Space ; The Night Man ; Now And Again ; Out Of The Unknown ; Probe - when you search for this on Amazon , you get lube ! ; and Project UFO .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Rightwing Wall Street Blame Game Misfires at the Community Reinvestment Act "
( 10 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... markg8 said on 10/5/2008 @ 11:58 am PT ...
I 've been countering this crap at wingnut blogs all week .
They 're trying to blame Fannie and Freddie too and I have no doubt that they 'll be quoting that NYT piece out today with Sen.
Jack Reed pressuring Freddie 's manager to buy more low income loans back in 2004 .
I also have no doubt the reporter found 5 Repub senators saying the same thing at that hearing but chose not to use it .
Is n't that what the Republican " ownership society " was all about ?
Some idiot at US News wrote an op -ed Friday suggesting McCain take it to Obama about Fannie and Freddie .
About 100 wingnuts agreed whining McCain is being much too nice and has to attack , attack , attack !
The problem for McCain is that he has 19 campaign advisers that have lobbied for Fannie and Freddie including his manager Rick Davis who only stopped receiving his $ 15,000 a mth from Freddie I think it is in August when the " communists " in the Bush adminstration nationalized it .
It 's fun to write this stuff and watch their heads explode .
You can almost see the little little starbursts coming through the screen and ricocheting around the living room . ;-}
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... tbrown said on 10/5/2008 @ 12:12 pm PT ...
the meltdown has little to do with RACISM .
The clear facts are that Fannie / Freddie had no real assests behind them and they continued on their mission of buying mortgages .
Then lobbied and fought any oversight .
This was done in 2003 - 2004 .
Just watch the C_SPAN tapes of those hearings where Congressmen like Maxine Waters , Barney Franks et al attack the AUDITOR ( who is telling Congress that Fannie is 10.6 Billion in the red ) and contend there is nothing wrong with Fannie / Freddie .
Your attempt to hide the above by raising a RACE isssue will lead us to not be able to FIX the problem .
You should be ASHAMED
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... tbrown said on 10/5/2008 @ 12:27 pm PT ...
One point for Brad to consider .
It was 2004 when the Auditor made his findings to Congress showing the 10.6 billion lossess .
In Jan 2005 Franklin Raines is forced to step down .
( over the issues raised in the Audit ) It is from this point on that Obama starts receiving his campaign contributions from Fannie / Freddie ( appox 140,000 ) .
Oh yes Obama did write a letter to the Sec of Treas in late 2007 about compensation and accting issues .
Sounds like an extension of Voting PRESENT or " if you need me just call " .
What an absolute JOKE
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 10/5/2008 @ 1:07 pm PT ...
Just take out two hours and watch this movie .
It will make a lot of things going on in the current " meltdown " clearer to you .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 10/5/2008 @ 1:59 pm PT ...
Thanks Des , for carrying on in the war against ignorance ... the only war I 'll fight in !
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... markg8 said on 10/5/2008 @ 2:07 pm PT ...
" Then lobbied and fought any oversight . "
And all those lobbyists are now running McCain 's campaign .
Davis himself headed the Homeownership Alliance , the lobbying group formed by Fannie and Freddie in 2000 to fend off any oversight .
From 2000 to 2005 his company received $ 35,000 a month for that work .
Then when the FMs closed HA in 2005 Davis asked for and received $ 15,000 a month personally for nothing more than his access to McCain .
The people running McCain 's campaign successfully fought off efforts to stop Fannie and Freddie from doing the same stupid unregulated deals as the now dead , absorbed , or floundering big five investment banks on Wall St. Fannie and Freddie have lots of assets but like most of Wall St. so much of it is unsellable right now .
Just like my deceased parents house my siblings and I inherited this spring .
It 's worth $ 400,000 but if no prospective buyers can get a mortgage in a frozen credit market we can't sell it anymore than Fannie can sell mortgage backed securities even if the mortgages backing them are 96 % sound .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... DES said on 10/5/2008 @ 6:24 pm PT ...
TBrown , it helps to read the post before commenting ; you are talking about mismanagement and debunked rumors relating to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , not the Community Reinvestment
Act that is the subject of this post .
Secondly , the factual evidence , as excerpted in the post above and available elsewhere for anyone who chooses to look , shows that the CRA is not at fault in the meltdown on Wall St .
This industry report released in July 2008 shows that the majority of subprime - rate loans originated in 2006 were made to non-Hispanic Whites and upper - income borrowers .
To what would you ascribe the reasoning behind this demonstrably false accusation from the rightwing media , pointing to the CRA , if not thinly - veiled racism ?
Seriously , I 'd like to know .
Thirdly , whether in reference to Fannie , Freddie , the CRA , or any other entity involved in the banking system , if you can find ONE CASE in which the lenders were FORCED by the law to give a bad loan that they otherwise would not have made , forced by law or " pressure " to endanger their own banks and their own jobs and ultimately the entire financial system , please by all means link to it here .
" Pressure " to increase investment in low - income and minority communities is simply not a plausible excuse for the lending industry to justify their utter abandonment of sound banking practices .
The CRA is a convenient scapegoat .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... TEDEGER said on 10/5/2008 @ 11:40 pm PT ...
The culprit is plain GREED .
Lots of lenders created that abominalion called the " Variable rate loan . "
Now , anyone with any sense KNOWS that a " Variable Rate " NEVER goes DOWN !
People who could afford 5 % and were making their payments watched as the interest rates doubled or worse , suddenly making the interest deadly .
Had the lenders been willing to renegotiate much of the disaster could have been avoided , but the selfish greedy bastriches held out for loot , and lost it all .
CRIME PAYS - but sometimes not very well .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... CLB said on 10/6/2008 @ 2:01 pm PT ...
The wingers have been targeting Obama through FM2 for months as an attack and dodge away from McCain 's Keating involvements .
And the notion that poor ( black ) folks who could not afford their loans are now looting taxpayers ( like Reagan 's non-existent welfare queens ) is an attempt , as it was with Reagan , to fly in below overt attack levels .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... CambridgeKnitter said on 10/9/2008 @ 7:24 pm PT ...
Österreich Rechte Parteien holen 30 Prozent bei Nationalratswahlen
Triumph für die Rechtspopulisten in Österreich : Die rechte FPÖ und Jörg Haiders BZÖ können ihren Stimmenanteil fast verdoppeln .
Die Regierungsparteien erleiden historische Verluste .
Die Sozialdemokratischen bleiben zwar stärkste Partei - aber mit weniger als 30 Prozent der Stimmen .
The RFK Action Front ain't no supper club .
Being a member requires discipline , hard work , and above all ACTION to reduce suffering in the world .
In order to join the RFK Action Front you must complete 3 of the activities listed below .
Think of it like Fight Club , but without all of the senseless homoerotic ( not that there 's anything wrong with that ) violence .
It 's best if you do n't contact us or sign up on our mailing list or anything -- the first rule of the RFK Action Front is that there is no RFK Action Front .
(-: Now , go kick some ass .
No Haters Policy
Toyota is donating 5 hybrid cars and $ 500,000 to help support Grand Canyon National Park ’s educational programs and safety efforts .
The donation is part of a larger initiative that the company is sponsoring to help support the National Park Service .
In total , Toyota will donate $ 5 million and 21 hybrid vehicles to help support five different parks .
Grand Canyon National Park is one of the United States ’ most well - known national parks and according to the National Park Service received a little over 450,000 visitors in 2007 .
As stated in a press release from Toyota , these are several of the major initiatives that their gift of half a million dollars will fund :
A preventative search and rescue program on the Canyon ’s North Rim .
A program already in place on the South Rim can reach up to 1200 people per day .
General funding for the park ’s environmental education programming , including travel grants to help assist students from inner-city and remotely located schools to make field trips to the park , as well as students living on tribal reservations .
Purchasing cold weather clothes that can be loaned to students during the fall and winter months .
An additional park ranger devoted to environmental education .
Three additional horses that will be used by mounted park rangers .
The five hybrid cars that Toyota is donating will include two Priuses and three Highlanders ( the Highlander is not as well - known as the Prius and is a hybrid SUV ) .
The vehicles will be used for any number of tasks .
The donations are being officially made to the Grand Canyon Association .
It is a non-profit that manages book stores and other operations in the park .
It donates its profits back to the park and provides crucial funding for park projects and educational efforts .
Toyota ’s gift to national parks is only one of the company ’s many environmental philanthropy efforts .
They also have given a $ 20 million grant to Audubon , as well as significant financial support to The Nature Conservancy and the National Arbor Day Foundation , among others .
In 2007 , Toyota gave a total of $ 56 million to philanthropic projects in the United States .
Read More National Park News on the Green Options Network :
Photo Credit : James Gordon on Flickr under a Creative Commons license [ social_buttons ]
Rasmussen Reports
September 22 , 2008
Most Americans are closely following news reports on the Bush Administration ’s federal bailout plan for the country ’s troubled economy , but just 28 % support what has been proposed so far .
Over one - third of voters ( 37 % ) oppose the $ 700 - billion plan , and nearly as many ( 35 % ) are undecided , according to a new Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey taken Sunday night .
Details of the plan were made public on Saturday .
Investors , who account for 62 % of the nation ’s voters , are evenly divided on their views of the plan : 36 % favor it , and 36 % oppose it .
Twenty - eight percent ( 28 % ) are undecided .
Among non-investors , only 15 % support the plan , while 41 % oppose it .
A plurality of non-investors ( 43 % ) are not sure yet what they think of it ( full demographic crosstabs are available for Premium Members ) .
Adding weight to the large number of undecideds is the finding that 82 % of Americans are following the bailout story , including 44 % who say they are following it very closely .
Sixty - five percent ( 65 % ) say they are at least somewhat confident they understand the reasons why the plan is being proposed .
The plan proposed by Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson would give the Treasury Department the taxpayer - funded power to buy up to $ 700 billion in mortgage debt from private firms .
Treasury would have no restrictions on it other than semiannual reports to Congress .
The administration argues that this is a systematic plan to deal with the country ’s growing economic crisis , fueled by bad mortgages , as opposed to responding on a case - by - case basis .
It was prompted by a series of high - profile bankruptcies and near - bankruptcies which sparked turmoil in the stock market .
Voters are fairly evenly divided on Paulson ’s performance to date .
Thirty - eight percent ( 38 % ) have a favorable opinion of the Treasury secretary , while 41 % view him unfavorably .
Congress hopes to approve the bailout plan this week and then recess to begin political campaigning .
Democrats are already talking about growing the plan to pump more money into the economy , while Republicans , many of whom are wary of a taxpayer - backed plan of this historic magnitude , are expected to quietly go along with it because of their fears of a further economic downturn .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
By Subir Bhaumik
BBC News , Calcutta
It took staff three days to count Ms Das ' takings A bank in the Indian city of Calcutta has opened an account for a beggar who deposited 91kg ( 200 lb ) of coins in one of the bank 's branches .
Laxmi
Das says she has been saving the coins since she started begging more than 40 years ago as a child disabled by an attack of polio .
" I saved for the days when I cannot beg , " she told the BBC .
" I knew one day I would grow old and have diseases , so I was prudent and saved for my pension . "
Now the fruits of her labour from a busy traffic intersection in north Calcutta have been realised .
Financial help " She can be projected as a role model to encourage people to begin saving , " said TK Haldar , manager of the Central Bank of India 's Maniktola branch .
Ms Das says that she has been prudent and saved " Her efforts show that you can save even if you earn a pittance . "
Mr Haldar said Ms Das now has a bank account and those who want to help her can send in account payee cheques in her name to his bank branch .
Several people have written to the BBC News website offering financial help to Ms Das after her story first appeared earlier this week .
Ms Das began begging aged 16 and saved coins in iron buckets at her home in a shanty town near the crossing .
In all , she collected four buckets of coins of all denominations .
Some were minted as far back as 1961 and were clearly out of date .
But bank officials said they would still accept them as legal tender .
It took staff - more used to counting notes - three days to count all the coins .
" But be it a billionaire or a beggar , our doors are open for all , " said bank spokesman Shantanu Neogy .
Ms Das was encouraged to deposit the money by police who feared it could have been stolen from her home .
She chose to ignore - or did not know about - a thriving racket in this part of the world in which old Indian coins are smuggled and melted down in Bangladesh to make razor blades that sell for up to seven times their value as coins .
The practice has caused an acute coin shortage in eastern India , forcing government mints to cut down on the amount of metal they use to make the coins .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
AFP Photo / Yoshikazu Tsuno
Toyota Motor on Friday showed off a new stand - up scooter that could one day be seen zipping alongside the Segway on the personal - transporter superhighway .
The " Winglet " has a body the size of an A3 sheet of paper that houses an electric motor , two wheels , and internal sensors that constantly monitor the rider 's position and make adjustments in power to ensure stability .
A parallel link mechanism lets riders go forward , backward , and turn by shifting body weight , making the Winglet potentially useful for maneuvering in tight spaces or crowded urban environments .
Riders can cruise around at a leisurely 3.7 mph-- not ideal for rushing to a meeting , but nice for scooting around a shopping mall , perhaps .
( The Segway , by comparison , can hit 12.5 mph . )
The Winglet comes in small , medium , and large sizes ranging in height from 18 inches to 3 feet 8 inches , with handlebars that also rise to different levels .
All three models are about 18 inches wide and 10 inches long .
The smallest version weighs 22 pounds , and can be folded and tossed into a ( big ) bag for optimal shoulder dislocation .
All versions of the device take an hour to charge .
No word yet on when we might see commuters atop the contraptions .
The company will start testing the vehicle this fall at a Japanese airport and a seaside resort .
More testing is planned for 2009 at shopping complexes and other bustling locales .
Tasmanian scientists are examining the teeth of 100 whales and believe their research shows whaling impacts the mental health of other whales in the pod .
In February 1998 more than 100 sperm whales from three pods beached and died on Tasmania 's north and west coasts .
Scientists are now sawing their teeth in half to find out more about the species .
The University of Tasmania 's Mark Hindell says the teeth have provided vital information about the demographic structure of pods , and explained social behaviours .
" They [ the teeth ] are absolutely invaluable ... it underpins everything that we learn about these animals , they 're kind of like gold , " he said .
Associate Professor
Hindell says some of the whales were over 60 years old and were all closely related , which could help explain why they stranded .
He says closely related pods have such tight bonds that when one whale strands , they all follow , because they do n't want to leave the whale on its own .
" [ Having the teeth is ] quite unique because they were whole family pods and you do n't get access to pods in any other way , " he said .
" To study these animals in the wild , if they 're still alive and swimming around , you just can't do it , so even if you went to do biopsies for skin samples you just can't do it , you never get the whole pod . "
The CSIRO 's Karen Evans says whale teeth are similar to tree rings .
" You can count those ridges and it basically gives you the age of the animal , " she said .
Dr Evans says the teeth show that when a whale is taken from a pod , the rest of the whales go into mourning , which is detrimental to their health .
" What tends to happen is if one individual has stranded , the social bonds between that group mean that the rest of the group do n't want to leave the area without that individual , " she said .
" And because they do n't want to leave the area it then puts them into danger . "
It is now almost certain that there will be an escalating number of attacks , Mr. Woodcock said .
Before the patch , which has now been distributed to more than three - quarters of the affected servers in the world , it would have taken as little as one second to insert false information into the address database .
Now , even with the patch , attacks will be possible in a matter of minutes or hours , he said .
Mr. Polyakov carried out his attack using two fast computers , but the same attack could be carried out more quickly .
There is now an intense debate over how to find a more permanent fix for the system ’s weaknesses .
“ We ’ve bought some time , ” said Paul Mockapetris , the software engineer who devised the original D.N.S. system and is now chairman of Nominum , a firm that makes a version of the D.N.S. software that is not vulnerable to the current flaw .
Mr. Mockapetris described the patch that is now being put in place as the equivalent of “ playing Russian roulette with a gun that has 100 bullet chambers instead of six . ”
“ The point , ” he said , “ should be to take the gun out of people ’s hands . ”
The root of the problem lies in the fact that the address system , which was invented in 1983 , was not meant for services like electronic banking that require strict verification of identity .
Image Mr. Kaminsky , at a conference in Las Vegas , said the flaw could affect not just the Web but also other services like e-mail .
Credit ... Jae C. Hong / Associated Press
“ They are relying on infrastructure that was not intended to do what people assume it does , ” said Clifford Neuman , director of the Center for Computer Systems Security at the University of Southern California .
“ What makes this so frustrating is that no one has been listening to what we have been saying for the past 17 years . ”
A number of Internet security engineers point out that if a solution is found for the deeper problem of identity and authentication on the Internet , it will go a long way toward stopping many of the identity - related crimes that are now commonplace .
Oct. 5 , 2008  -- Republican vice presidential nominee Gov. Sarah Palin will visit Omaha , Neb. , on Sunday , an official from the McCain - Palin campaign has confirmed , signaling an attempt to shore up a traditionally reliable red state from efforts by the Obama campaign to capture one of the state 's key electoral votes .
After a fundraising event in the San Francisco Bay Area on Sunday , Palin will travel to Omaha to hold a rally Sunday evening at the Omaha Civic Auditorium , in the heart of Nebraska 's second congressional district .
Palin was originally scheduled to fly directly from California to Florida on Sunday , but the Omaha rally was added late on Saturday , according to the McCain campaign .
The decision for Palin to travel to Nebraska for the last - minute rally signals an effort by the McCain campaign to keep the state red in this year 's election , while also allowing Palin 's visit to reach the neighboring battleground state of Iowa .
Sen . John McCain and Palin visited the state for a joint rally in Cedar Rapids on Sept. 18 .
While Nebraska 's five electoral votes have been reliably conservative in recent presidential elections – the last time the state went Democratic was in 1964 – Nebraska is one of two states whose electoral votes can be split .
Two electoral votes go to the state 's overall winner , while separate electoral votes are given to the highest vote - getter for each of the state 's three congressional districts .
In a sign of the close nature of the presidential contest , the Obama campaign has recently been targeting the state 's 2nd congressional district , comprised almost solely of the Omaha metropolitan area , near the border of Iowa .
The Obama campaign sent fifteen paid staffers into the state in September , and is opening its second office in Omaha this week , according to the Associated Press , in order to try to win the district on Election Day .
Every Electoral Vote Counts
Picking up a single electoral vote in Nebraska could be critical in a close election .
According to the Obama campaign , there are at least 19 plausible scenarios in which Obama and McCain could each have only 269 electoral votes after Election Day -- one short of the 270 needed to win the presidency .
The McCain campaign is pursuing a similar strategy in Maine , the only other state that splits its electoral votes .
While the campaign ended its efforts in the traditional battleground state of Michigan last week , the McCain campaign says they are sending resources to Maine to try pick up one electoral vote from the state 's northern 2nd congressional district .
Palin has questioned the McCain campaign 's decision to scale back efforts in Michigan , where polls have the Obama - Biden ticket pulling away .
Palin has already visited the state twice , including a rally in Sterling Heights on Sept. 5 , the day after her acceptance of the vice presidential nomination , and for a town hall meeting with McCain in Grand Rapids on Sept. 17 .
" Well , as I said the other day I would sure love to get to run to Michigan and make sure that Michigan knows that we have n't given up there , " Palin said outside of a diner in Greenwood Village , Colo . , on Saturday .
" We care much about Michigan and every other state .
I wish there were more hours in the day so that we could travel all over this great country and start speaking to more Americans .
I am not worried about it but just desiring more time , and you know to put more effort in each one of these states . "
Can Palin Keep Tar Heel State From Turning Blue ?
While Palin's visit to Omaha on Sunday seeks to shore up the state of Nebraska for the McCain campaign , Palin will find herself also defending the state of North Carolina from a push by the Obama campaign to turn that state blue for the first time since 1976 .
On Tuesday evening , Palin will hold a rally at East Carolina University in Greenville , N.C. , according to the McCain campaign 's Web site , and will watch the second presidential debate from the Tar heel State .
Obama traveled to North Carolina on Saturday , and will hold a rally on Sunday in Asheville , where he will remain secluded for two days of debate preparation before his second debate showdown with McCain .
Last night Obama told the North Carolina Democratic State Party dinner that he has high hopes for flipping the state blue .
" Despite the pundits , despite the prognosticators , despite the cynicism , turns out 30 days left we are right here in the hunt in North Carolina , " Obama said at the dinner .
Polls show a tight race in the traditionally red state , which has n't voted for a Democrat for president since Jimmy Carter in 1976 .
The state 's 15 electoral votes were won easily by 13 percent by President George W. Bush in 2004 , despite North Carolina native and former Sen. John Edwards ' place on the Democratic ticket .
The state 's 22 percent African - American population helped Obama easily defeat Sen.
Hillary Clinton in the state 's Democratic primary in May , and would be key to an Obama victory there on Nov. 4 . Obama has spent seven days in the state since the beginning of the general election .
" We had a few bumps in the road during the primary season -- turns out that people in North Carolina decided they were going to lift up the Obama campaign , " Obama said last night .
" So I said to myself , maybe we should just keep on coming to North Carolina and see what happens . "
Palin's Tuesday trip to Greenville , about 85 miles east of Raleigh , will be her first visit to the hotly contested battleground state .
She is scheduled to return to North Carolina for a private fundraiser on Oct. 16 .
McCain has not visited the state since a trip there on June 29 for a private meeting with evangelist Billy Graham at his mountain home in western North Carolina .
ABC News ' Sunlen Miller and Jake Tapper contributed to this report .
Some towns want to hold lenders responsible for maintaining the properties
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
The scene is familiar in neighbourhoods throughout California 's San Joaquin valley : A dead lawn , debris in front and a murky swimming pool in back , sure signs of a foreclosed home .
To prevent eyesores , some cities are taking steps to hold lenders responsible for maintaining foreclosed properties .
Homes that are not kept up " affect both the quality of life and the economic state of a neighbourhood " , said Brian Calhoun , a Fresno city council member .
A California state senate bill passed in July allows cities to fine owners of neglected foreclosure properties up to $ 1,000 a day .
Some cities have adopted ordinances requiring lenders to pay fees to register foreclosed properties and authorising fines or liens if yards and pools are n't maintained .
Registration allows cities to keep track of who is responsible for a property 's upkeep , officials said .
" In the foreclosure process , it 's very difficult to know who owns the property , " said Luis Patlan , director of planning and development services in Kerman .
Fresno city officials are working on an ordinance that would strengthen city policies to oversee and authorise penalties on abandoned and foreclosed properties .
The proposal does not call for a fee to register properties , however .
The ordinance is expected to go before the council within the next few weeks .
Officials say the city has about 2,600 foreclosed homes .
Making lenders - who become the property owners after foreclosure - face financial penalties is a good way to make them take responsibility for the problem , Calhoun said .
" We 've been doing a lot of carrots , now we need to do the stick , " he said .
Some other California cities have already adopted laws on foreclosed homes .
The Selma city council approved an ordinance in August requiring banks and lending agencies to register and pay $ 200 annually for each home they own through foreclosure .
The companies also must maintain yards and pools , said D - B Heusser , Selma 's city manager .
If they do n't , the city will hire someone to do the work and bill the lender .
An unpaid bill would be applied as a lien against the property , and the lien would have to be paid off before the home could be resold , he said .
Fines imposed in Selma could reach $ 1,000 a day , said Michael Gaston , the city 's community development director .
The ordinance requires the city to notify a lender if a property falls into disrepair .
The owner has 14 days to improve the property 's condition .
Thus far , one owner has been given notice , Gaston said .
Selma has about 65 foreclosed houses , fewer than 1 % of the city 's homes , he said .
In Kerman , lending and mortgage companies must pay $ 50 annually to register home foreclosures , Patlan said .
The owners of the properties must remove or replace dead landscaping and maintain the yards , he said .
The companies also must secure the doors and windows to prevent trespassers and vandalism .
Lending and mortgage firms are subject to daily fines that could reach $ 850 a day .
" The goal is to get their attention that the city is serious about the issue and we want them to maintain the properties to neighbourhood standards , " Patlan said .
Kerman officials have identified about 55 foreclosed houses , or about 2 % of the city 's residences , he said .
Water service is usually turned off when homes are abandoned , but city officials are working with the lending companies to have water restored so lawns and yards can be maintained , said Ron Manfredi , Kerman 's city manager .
Neither Selma nor Kerman has yet levied fines under the new laws .
Kerman 's ordinance is modelled after one that Chula Vista , California , a city of 235,000 south of San Diego , implemented about a year ago .
The ordinance has reduced the number of unkempt houses , said Doug Leeper , Chula Vista 's code enforcement manager .
" We still have problems , but not nearly as many as we would have without this ordinance , " he said .
Fines in Chula Vista range from $ 100 to $ 1,000 a day , " depending on the severity of the problem " , Leeper said .
" We just keep escalating the penalty until we get their attention , " he said .
" My goal was not to be their property manager .
They speak one language - money . "
Banks and lending firms also must pay past - due water bills to restore water service , Leeper said .
" They howled at first .
Several understood .
They 've come around , " he said .
In the first 10 months , Chula Vista officials issued more than $ 500,000 in fines and penalties , he said .
Unpaid fines are applied as a lien on the property .
Don Scordino , president of the Fresno Association of Realtors , said his organisation has voiced concerns about the proposed Fresno ordinance .
He said his association wants the ordinance to be " transaction - friendly " so liens do not hold up sales of foreclosed homes , which have picked up significantly this year compared with 2007 .
Buyers should not have to pay " for the sins of past owners " whose homes were foreclosed , he said .
Last weekend , I was one of the guests of honor at 3PiCon in Springfield , MA , along with Randall " XKCD " Munroe , who once infamously depicted me as blogging from a hot - air balloon in cape and goggles .
This has become a motif for me , so that wherever I go , people give me capes and / or goggles .
I brought along a set and wore them to our final panel together on Sunday , and Dan Noe , the Pi-Con photographer , got some nice shots of the event .
3 Pi-Con
( Thanks , Dan ! )
scala > ER ( 1 ) res0 : ErrRef [ Int ] = ErrRef @ a96606 scala > res0 ( ) res1 : Int = 1 scala > res0 ( ) = 3 scala > res0 ( ) res3 : Int = 3 scala > res0 ( ) = { println ( " Hello world " ) ; 3 } Hello world scala > res0 ( ) res5 : Int = 3 scala > res0 ( ) = error ( " Lets see what happens here ... " ) scala > res0 ( ) java .
lang .
RuntimeException : Lets see what happens here ... at ErrRef. apply ( RefExcept . scala : 11 ) at . < init > ( < console >: 6 ) at .
< clinit > ( < console > ) at RequestResult$ .
< init > ( < console >: 3 ) at RequestResult$ .
< clinit > ( < console > ) at RequestResult$result ( < console > ) at sun. reflect .
NativeMethodAccessorImpl .
invoke0 ( Native Method ) at sun. reflect .
NativeMethodAccessorImpl . invoke ( NativeMethodAcc... scala > res0 ( ) = throw new IllegalArgumentException ( " Go away " ) scala > res0 ( ) java .
lang .
IllegalArgumentException : Go away at ErrRef. apply ( RefExcept . scala : 11 ) at . < init > ( < console >: 6 ) at .
< clinit > ( < console > ) at RequestResult$ .
< init > ( < console >: 3 ) at RequestResult$ .
< clinit > ( < console > ) at RequestResult$result ( < console > ) at sun. reflect .
NativeMethodAccessorImpl .
invoke0 ( Native Method ) at sun. reflect .
NativeMethodAccessorImpl . invoke ( NativeMethodAccessorI ...
Ms Kelly must now re-take her test A driving examiner failed a woman on her test after she splashed a pedestrian by driving through a puddle .
Michelle Kelly , 31 , from Blackley , Manchester , was told she should have stopped to exchange details with the man , who was waiting at a bus stop .
The mother - of - two protested that if she had swerved to avoid the puddle she might have caused an accident .
She was told her actions constituted a traffic offence - a view shared by the Driving Standards Agency ( DSA ) .
Ms Kelly said the decision was " ridiculous " .
She said : " It was my third test and I was really confident .
To fail for something like that really annoyed me .
To fail for something like that really annoyed me
Michelle Kelly " It 's ridiculous .
Why should you hand over your details ?
What good would that do ?
" It was n't as though I 'd deluged this pedestrian .
And if I 'd swerved to avoid the puddle I might have caused an accident . "
The DSA said it could not comment on specific details of practical driving tests due to data protection laws .
But it pointed out that motorists should have consideration for others , including pedestrians , who can possibly be drenched by passing vehicles .
Its advice is that , where possible , a driver should avoid drenching pedestrians and a failure to do this would be sufficient grounds for failing a driving test .
The Road Traffic
Act contains an offence of " careless , and inconsiderate , driving " and Crown Prosecution Service policy states that bad or inconsiderate driving includes driving through a puddle causing pedestrians to be splashed .
Courts may impose fines of up to £ 2,500 for such an offence .
Ms Kelly now faces taking her test again - for the fourth time .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Email received directly by IFP
From : LARRY MCDONOUGH , attorney : [ email protected ]
I posted a blog on line about what I witnessed and photographed at the Republican National Convention marches at :
http://larrymcdonough.homestead.com/RNC.html .
Very sad .
Councilmember Dave
Thune scheduled a public meeting to discuss what happened :
This survey has been moved or deactivated by the survey owner
From the Obama campaign :
In a recent interview , John McCain said that Governor Palin “ knows more about energy than probably anyone else in the United States of America . ”
If anyone covering the campaign is allowed to interview Senator McCain or Governor Palin again before Election Day , it might be worth asking how , given her expertise , she managed to so wildly misstate the amount of energy produced by her own home state .
Governor Palin said that Alaska supplies 20 percent of U.S. energy , and Senator McCain repeated the false claim .
The correct number is 3.5 percent .
Facthcheck.org called their claim “ Not true .
Not even close . ”
And that ’s the issue she ’s smartest on .
But more importantly , McCain again lied , or was so out of touch , so confused , that he has no idea what he ’s talking about anymore .
No wonder they wo n’t let him do a real interview .
" Hello , I'm a Mac , " says Webb .
" And I 'm a PC , " adds Mitchell .
They then perform a small comic vignette aimed at highlighting the differences between the two computers .
So in one , the PC has a " nasty virus " that makes him sneeze like a plague victim ; in another , he keeps freezing up and having to reboot .
This is a subtle way of saying PCs are unreliable .
Mitchell , incidentally , is wearing a nerdy , conservative suit throughout , while Webb is dressed in laid - back contemporary casual wear .
This is a subtle way of saying Macs are cool .
The ads are adapted from a near - identical American campaign - the only difference is the use of Mitchell and Webb .
They are a logical choice in one sense ( everyone likes them ) , but a curious choice in another , since they are best known for the television series Peep Show - probably the best sitcom of the past five years - in which Mitchell plays a repressed , neurotic underdog , and Webb plays a selfish , self - regarding poseur .
So when you see the ads , you think , " PCs are a bit rubbish yet ultimately lovable , whereas Macs are just smug , preening tossers . "
In other words , it is a devastatingly accurate campaign .
I hate Macs .
I have always hated Macs .
I hate people who use Macs .
I even hate people who do n't use Macs but sometimes wish they did .
Macs are glorified Fisher - Price activity centres for adults ; computers for scaredy cats too nervous to learn how proper computers work ; computers for people who earnestly believe in feng shui .
PCs are the ramshackle computers of the people .
You can build your own from scratch , then customise it into oblivion .
Sometimes you have to slap it to make it work properly , just like the Tardis ( Doctor Who , incidentally , would definitely use a PC ) .
PCs have charm ; Macs ooze pretension .
When I sit down to use a Mac , the first thing I think is , " I hate Macs " , and then I think , " Why has this rubbish aspirational ornament only got one mouse button ? "
Losing that second mouse button feels like losing a limb .
If the ads were really honest , Webb would be standing there with one arm , struggling to open a packet of peanuts while Mitchell effortlessly tore his apart with both hands .
But then , if the ads were really honest , Webb would be dressed in unbelievably po-faced avant - garde clothing with a gigantic glowing apple on his back .
And instead of conducting a proper conversation , he would be repeatedly congratulating himself for looking so cool , and banging on about how he was going to use his new laptop to write a novel , without ever getting round to doing it , like a mediocre idiot .
Cue 10 years of nasal bleating from Mac - likers who profess to like Macs not because they are fashionable , but because " they are just better " .
Mac owners often sneer that kind of defence back at you when you mock their silly , posturing contraptions , because in doing so , you have inadvertently put your finger on the dark fear haunting their feeble , quivering soul - that in some sense , they are a superficial semi-person assembled from packaging ; an infinitely sad , second - rate replicant who does n't really know what they are doing here , but feels vaguely significant and creative each time they gaze at their sleek designer machine .
And the more deftly constructed and wittily argued their defence , the more terrified and wounded they secretly are .
Aside from crowing about sartorial differences , the adverts also make a big deal about PCs being associated with " work stuff " ( Boo ! Offices ! Boo ! ) , as opposed to Macs , which are apparently better at " fun stuff " .
How insecure is that ?
And how inaccurate ?
Better at " fun stuff " , my arse .
The only way to have fun with a Mac is to poke its insufferable owner in the eye .
For proof , stroll into any decent games shop and cast your eye over the exhaustive range of cutting - edge computer games available exclusively for the PC , then compare that with the sort of rubbish you get on the Mac .
Myst , the most pompous and boring videogame of all time , a plodding , dismal " adventure " in which you wandered around solving tedious puzzles in a rubbish magic kingdom apparently modelled on pretentious album covers , originated on the Mac in 1993 .
That same year , the first shoot - 'em - up game , Doom , was released on the PC .
This tells you all you will ever need to know about the Mac 's relationship with " fun " .
Ultimately the campaign 's biggest flaw is that it perpetuates the notion that consumers somehow " define themselves " with the technology they choose .
If you truly believe you need to pick a mobile phone that " says something " about your personality , do n't bother .
You do n't have a personality .
A mental illness , maybe - but not a personality .
Of course , that has n't stopped me slagging off Mac owners , with a series of sweeping generalisations , for the past 900 words , but that is what the ads do to PCs .
Besides , that 's what we PC owners are like - unreliable , idiosyncratic and gleefully unfair .
And if you 'll excuse me now , I feel an unexpected crash coming .
This week : Charlie watched some episodes of Larry Sanders ( on his PC ) .
He played the customised Fawlty Towers map for Counterstrike ( on his PC ) .
He listened to the Windows startup jingle every 10 minutes as his PC repeatedly rebooted itself .
Lawsuit : Prevent Cheney from withholding , destroying documents on his exit from office Nick Langewis
Published : Sunday September 7 , 2008
Print This Email This Historians and scholars are among those joining a lawsuit aimed at preventing the Bush administration from destroying or withholding documents related to the role of the " most influential vice president in U.S. history , " Dick Cheney , in forming public policy , the Washington Post reports in its Monday edition .
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington ( CREW ) is expected to file the suit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia on Monday to assert the requirement to preserve the documents in question under the post - Watergate Presidential Records
Act of 1978 , contrary to loopholes engineered and statements made during Cheney 's time in office .
Expected to be named as defendants are Vice President Cheney , the executive offices of Cheney and President Bush , the National Archives and chief archivist Allen Weinstein .
" I 'm concerned that they may not be preserved , " said Stanley Kutler , constitutional scholar and professor emeritus at the University of Wisconsin Law School .
" Whether they 've been zapped already , we do n't know . "
" I think you 'd have to be very worried about it , " added former vice president Walter Mondale .
" Under Bush and Cheney , they 've used every opportunity to assert executive privilege . "
" The Office of the Vice President currently follows the Presidential Records Act and will continue to follow the requirements of the law , which includes turning over vice presidential records to the National Archives at the end of the term , " Cheney spokesperson Jamie Hennigan said .
One worry on the part of Kutler and organizations such as the American Historical Association and the Society of American Archivists , however , is that Vice President Cheney 's famous assertion that his office is not part of the Executive Branch , along with a 2001 executive order that seemingly narrows the scope of documents subject to the 1978 law to possibly exclude legislative records and others deemed " non-executive , " will cause some documents to be withheld .
" It horrifies me as a citizen to think our government can operate in total secrecy during the administration and then , after the administration , remain in secrecy , " said George Mason University professor and expected plaintiff Martin J. Sherwin .
" When a vice president is sitting there in the West Wing and participating at the highest levels in the work of the executive branch , " added constitutional scholar Joel K. Goldstein , " it 's a little bit anomalous to say you 're not part of the executive branch . "
More can be read at the Washington Post .
Aside from Big Macs and fries , McDonald 's customers in many parts of the world have an additional menu item to choose from that Canadians do not —
Wi -Fi internet access — and the blame falls either on the fast - food chain 's local operation or Canada 's internet providers , depending on who you ask .
The Oak Brook , Ill . - based chain , which operates more than 31,000 restaurants worldwide , has since 2002 been rolling out Wi-Fi access on a large scale in outlets around the world , including the United States , the United Kingdom , Ireland , France , Germany , Japan and Australia .
In some countries , customers pay for the access — in the United States , for example , two hours of Wi-Fi costs $ 2.95 US — while in others , like the United Kingdom , it is free .
McDonald 's Canada , however , has introduced Wi-Fi only on a test basis to a limited number of restaurants .
Louis Payette , a spokesman for the company , said only a handful of the chain 's 1,400 restaurants are designated as " hotspots . "
He could not say why the Canadian operation was so far behind the rest of the chain .
" We do offer Wi-Fi in some of our restaurants today and are looking at enhancing the program , " he said .
" We continually strive to enhance our customers ' experience in the restaurants .
That may include a larger scale rollout of Wi-Fi in the future . "
McDonald 's began the Wi-Fi push in Japan in 2002 , where free wireless access in public places is ubiquitous .
The company introduced Wi-Fi to 6,000 U.S. restaurants in 2004 , and has since expanded to 9,000 outlets to compete with other chains , such as Starbucks , that are also offering access .
In many countries , the Wi-Fi push has been part of a strategy to keep customers in restaurants longer and thus perhaps buy more food and drinks .
McDonald 's on Tuesday announced a partnership with Microsoft Corp. that will allow U.S. customers to use its Wi-Fi access points for free to download music onto their Zune players .
The service is not available in Canada , not only because Canadian outlets do n't have Wi -Fi , but also because Microsoft has not yet opened an online music store for Zune owners here .
Some market analysts say McDonald 's has not rolled out Wi-Fi in Canada because doing so would bring the chain into conflict with the country 's cellphone providers , such as Bell Canada Inc. , Rogers Communications Inc. and Telus Corp. , who have been stifling the spread of public Wi -Fi for years .
" If you look at who owns the wireless networks , it 's all telcos , and they have no interest in promoting Wi -Fi because it competes with their network , " said Eamon Hoey , senior partner of market strategy consulting firm Hoey Associates .
" We 're just behind on the technology .
We 're lacking terribly in competition and innovation . "
Other analysts , however , point the finger at McDonald 's Canada since other food chains do offer Wi-Fi .
Starbucks , for example , offers Wi-Fi through a partnership with Bell , as does Second Cup with Rogers .
" There are a number of chains and retailers that have Wi-Fi so technically it's not a problem , " said Lawrence Surtees , principal telecommunications analyst for IDC Canada .
" That kind of rules out some nefarious carrier factors . "
Instead , Surtees says McDonald 's Canada has not yet converted to the new philosophy of its parent company wherein customers are being encouraged to stay in restaurants longer .
" The focus is on herding you in and out , " he said .
" It 's about turnaround , getting you out , do n't loiter . "
Hoey said the economics of offering Wi-Fi are different for McDonald 's than they are for Starbucks or Second Cup because they attract a different type of customer .
McDonald 's customers are typically more budget - conscious , which would pressure the chain into keeping the cost of Wi-Fi access low — something it may not be able to do if the asking price from the carriers to provide the service is too high .
Stanford , CA -- How much carbon dioxide is too much ?
According to United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) greenhouse gases in the atmosphere need to be stabilized at levels low enough to " prevent dangerous anthropogenic interference with the climate system . "
But scientists have come to realize that an even more acute danger than climate change is lurking in the world 's oceans -- one that is likely to be triggered by CO2 levels that are modest by climate standards .
Ocean acidification could devastate coral reefs and other marine ecosystems even if atmospheric carbon dioxide stabilizes at 450 ppm , a level well below that of many climate change forecasts , report chemical oceanographers Long Cao and Ken Caldeira of the Carnegie Institution 's Department of Global Ecology in the journal Geophysical Research Letters .
The researchers ' conclusions are based on computer simulations of ocean chemistry stabilized at atmospheric CO2 levels ranging from 280 parts per million ( pre-industrial levels ) to 2000 ppm .
Present levels are 380 ppm and rapidly rising due to accelerating emissions from human activities , primarily the burning of fossil fuels .
This study was initiated as a result of Caldeira 's testimony before a Congressional subcommittee on Fisheries , Wildlife and Oceans in April of 2007 .
At that time he was asked what stabilization level would be needed to preserve the marine environment , but had to answer that no such study had yet addressed that question .
Cao and Caldeira 's study helps fill the gap .
Atmospheric CO2 absorbed by the oceans ' surface water produces carbonic acid , the same acid that gives soft drinks their fizz , making certain carbonate minerals dissolve more readily in seawater .
This is especially true for aragonite , the mineral used by corals and many other marine organisms to grow their skeletons .
For corals to be able to build reefs , which requires rapid growth and strong skeletons , the surrounding water needs to be highly supersaturated with aragonite .
" Before the industrial revolution , over 98 % of warm water coral reefs were surrounded by open ocean waters at least 3.5 times supersaturated with aragonite " says Cao .
" But even if atmospheric CO2 stabilizes at the current level of 380 ppm , fewer than half of existing coral reef will remain in such an environment .
If the levels stabilize at 450 ppm , fewer than 10 % of reefs would be in waters with the kind of chemistry that has sustained coral reefs in the past . "
For the ecologically productive cold waters near the poles , the prospects are equally grim , says Cao .
" At atmospheric CO2 levels as low as 450 ppm , large parts of the Southern Ocean , the Arctic Ocean , and the North Pacific would experience a rise in acidity that would violate US Environmental Protection Agency water quality standards . "
Under those conditions the shells of many marine organisms would dissolve , including those at the base of the food chain .
" If current trends in CO2 emissions continue unabated , " says Caldeira , " in the next few decades , we will produce chemical conditions in the oceans that have not been seen for tens of millions of years .
We are doing something very profound to our oceans .
Ecosystems like coral reefs that have been around for many millions of years just wo n't be able to cope with the change . "
" When you go to the seashore , the oceans seem huge , " he adds .
" It 's hard to imagine we could wreck it all .
But if we want our children to enjoy a healthy ocean , we need to start cutting carbon emissions now . "
###
The Carnegie Institution ( www.CIW.edu) has been a pioneering force in basic scientific research since 1902 .
It is a private , nonprofit organization with six research departments throughout the U.S. Carnegie scientists are leaders in plant biology , developmental biology , astronomy , materials science , global ecology , and Earth and planetary science .
The Department of Global Ecology , located in Stanford , California , was established in 2002 to help build the scientific foundations for a sustainable future .
Its scientists conduct basic research on a wide range of large - scale environmental issues , including climate change , ocean acidification , biological invasions , and changes in biodiversity .
DENVER  Senator Edward M. Kennedy had just left a hospital bed here when he delivered his speech to the Democratic National Convention on Monday night , after suffering a debilitating bout of kidney stones Sunday upon arriving in town , aides said .
Mr. Kennedy ’s aides described a harrowing 48 - hour period in which it appeared that Mr. Kennedy would not be able to give the convention speech .
In June , he had told family members when he left the Duke University Medical Center , where he was operated on for brain cancer , that he was intent on giving the speech .
And with less than two hours to go before he was to take the stage , Mr. Kennedy  sitting unnoticed in a room at the University of Colorado Hospital  told his wife , Victoria , and doctors that he wanted to go to the Pepsi Center and deliver the speech .
He was driven there , accompanied by a doctor and paramedics , perched on a golf cart that took him inside .
Mr. Kennedy , with his wife and his niece Caroline at his side , walked gingerly onto the stage , where he delivered a highly acclaimed address .
He then returned to the hospital , where he spent the night .
All the cheatsheets are the most great tips material I have ever seen .
I printed all of them to my students in CCNA / CCNP class , thanks for your contribution !
Johnson CCIE # 11440/CCSI#31346
Paul Begala goes to town on GOP media consultant Alex Castellanos for peddling blatant falsehoods about Sarah Palin's " reformer " record , specifically her phantom opposition to the " Bridge to Nowhere , " which she not only supported , but for which hired a Abramoff crony to secure the earmark .
Download Download
BEGALA : That 's just not true .
You know , John , the facts matter .
There 's lots of things that are debatable who is more qualified or less experienced or more this or more passionate , whatever .
It is a fact that she campaigned and supported that bridge to nowhere .
It is a fact that she hired lobbyists to get earmarks .
It is a fact that as governor she lobbies for earmarks .
Her state is essentially a welfare state taking money from the federal government ...
This is the problem .
We have this false debate when we ought to have at least agreed upon facts .
ALEX CASTELLANOS :
The amazing thing about Sarah Palin is when she became governor she actually stood up and said no .
Begala could n't be more spot on here : Facts are facts .
Opinions can be debated , but facts are concrete and can't simply be spun away .
It seems to me that this is the crux of the McCain strategy : take an unknown hockey mom from Alaska , tell everyone she 's a reformer , lie about her record in order to convince people of it , then keep her sequestered from the press when they start asking questions .
Are the American people really dumb enough to fall for it ?
Full transcript below the fold :
ROBERTS : Paul , there 's a lot of controversy about whether or not she supported the bridge to nowhere .
We pulled some sound from a 2006 debate in which she appears to at least give tacit approval to it .
Let 's listen to what she said .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
GOV .
SARAH PALIN , VICE PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE : I 'm not going to stand in the way of progress that our congressional delegation and the position of strength that they have right now .
They 're making those efforts for the state of Alaska to build up our infrastructure .
I would not get in the way of progress -- this project or other projects that they are working so hard on .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
ROBERTS :
That would appear , Paul , to end any argument over whether or not she supported the bridge initially .
But why can't Barack Obama make that point stick ?
PAUL BEGALA , CNN POLITICAL CONTRIBUTOR :
Because the press wo n't do its job , John .
I criticized Barack Obama when he has n't been tough enough .
Barack 's job is to run against John McCain , right .
Do n't shoot the monkey when you can shoot for the organ grinder .
His job is not to focus on number two but number one .
But it is the media 's job when a politician flat out lies like she 's doing on this bridge to nowhere so call her on it .
Or this matter of earmarks where she 's attacking Barack Obama for having earmarks , when she was the mayor of little Wasilla , Alaska , 6,000 people , she hired a lobbyist who was connected to Jack Abramoff , who is a criminal and they brought home $ 27 million in earmarks .
She carried so much pork home she got trichinosis .
But we in the media are letting her tell lies about her record .
ROBERTS : Hey , OK .
We got to let Alex respond to that .
Flat out lies , Alex ?
ALEX CASTELLANOS , CNN POLITICAL CONTRIBUTOR : Let 's be a little gentle .
Look , every elected official in this country works under the system we have , which is you try to get a little bit of your tax money back .
You just do n't want to leave it all in Washington .
The amazing thing about Sarah Palin is when she became governor she actually stood up and said no .
And she made it -
BEGALA : That 's not true .
CASTELLANOS :
She took a strong stand .
That is rare and that never happened .
ROBERTS : All right .
BEGALA : That 's just not true .
You know , John , the facts matter .
There 's lots of things that are debatable who is more qualified or less experienced or more this or more passionate , whatever .
It is a fact that she campaigned and supported that bridge to nowhere .
It is a fact that she hired lobbyists to get earmarks .
It is a fact that as governor she lobbies for earmarks .
Her state is essentially a welfare state taking money from the federal government .
ROBERTS :
We still have 56 days to talk about this back and forth .
BEGALA : This is the problem .
We have this false debate when we ought to have at least agreed upon facts .
A global financial crisis and a not - quite - suspended presidential campaign dominated newspaper front pages and television reports over the last couple of days .
Bad news for America .
But good news for Sarah Palin .
The economic crisis and John McCain ’s surprising response have drawn attention away from the Republican vice presidential nominee just as she has started to answer more pointed questions from the media .
Her third nationally televised interview , with CBS anchor Katie Couric , found Palin rambling , marginally responsive and even more adrift than during her network debut with ABC ’s Charles Gibson .
Advertisement
In a 40 - minute session with Couric that aired Wednesday and Thursday nights , the Alaska governor defended her puzzling claim that geographic proximity makes her some sort of expert on Russia ; went nearly blank when queried about McCain ’s achievements as a big - business regulator ; agreed America “ may find itself ” on the road to another Great Depression ; and , promoting a troop surge in Afghanistan , casually suggested that it “ will lead us to victory there , as it has proven to have done in Iraq . ”
The last statement could n’t help but conjure an image from 2003 -- President Bush beaming in that green flight suit before the infamous “ Mission Accomplished ” banner .
Palin ’s unblinking certitude gave way at other times in the interview to a striking imprecision , as when she struggled to respond to Couric ’s suggestion that the $ 700 - billion bailout might be better funneled through middle - class families instead of Wall Street firms .
“ That ’s why I say I , like every American I ’m speaking with , we ’re ill about this position that we have been put in . . . ”
Palin began , before meandering off in fruitless pursuit of coherence .
Advertisement
But I ’ll let the governor speak for herself :
” . . . where it is the taxpayers looking to bail out .
But ultimately , what the bailout does is help those who are concerned about the healthcare reform that is needed to help shore up our economy .
Um , helping , oh -- it ’s got to be all about job creation too .
Shoring up our economy , and putting it back on the right track .
So healthcare reform and reducing taxes and reining in spending has got to accompany tax reductions , and tax relief for Americans , and trade , we ’ve got to see trade as opportunity , not as a competitive , um , scary thing , but 1 in 5 jobs being created in the trade sector today .
We ’ve got to look at that as more opportunity .
All of those things under the umbrella of job creation .
This bailout is a part of that . ”
That mind - bender prompted Couric to muse , almost charitably , on “ The Early Show ” that Palin is “ not always responsive when asked questions , and sometimes does slip back to her talking points . ”
It did n’t go much better for Palin when she tried to clarify the mystery of what her state ’s proximity to Russia has taught her about that nation .
Anyone south of the Arctic Circle would have seen this question coming and had a ready answer .
But seemingly not the governor .
Advertisement
“ We have trade missions back and forth , ” Palin told Couric .
“ We , we do , it ’s very important when you consider even national security issues with Russia as Putin rears his head and comes into the airspace of the United States of America , where , where do they go ?
It ’s Alaska .
It ’s just right over the border .
It is from Alaska that we send those out to make sure that an eye is being kept on this very powerful nation , Russia , because they are right there .
They are right next to , to our state . ”
Certainly , Russia ’s prime minister , Vladimir Putin , has demonstrated his willingness to invade its small neighbors .
But have I missed news of recent provocations by Russian bombers over Kiwalik or Aleknagik ?
And if Palin has been intensely interested in her neighbor across the Bering Strait , that also has escaped the reporters who follow her most closely .
In fact , a veteran reporter from her home state , Hal Bernton , reported in the Seattle Times this month how Russian politicians had sought more contact with Palin , but in vain .
The governor cut funding and her office ’s participation , it seems , in the Northern Forum , which promotes relations between regional governments in the Northern Hemisphere .
A Palin spokeswoman e-mailed that she would provide more detail about Palin ’s trade activities with the Russkies .
No word by deadline .
Advertisement
But wait .
Certainly the issue dominating the news would provide the governor with a respite from these maddening demands for , you know , facts .
With McCain now depicting himself as the doctor ready to deliver tough medicine to Wall Street , Couric asked Palin to explain what measures he had pushed in the past .
Palin raised McCain ’s support of revamped oversight for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the two mortgage giants that are on life support .
Fine .
But when the network anchor pressed for other examples , given that the Republican has been in Congress for nearly three decades , Palin came up blank .
Advertisement
“ I ’ll try to find some ” -- Palin smiled at Couric -- “ and bring them to you . ”
Palin at least kept her answers shorter during a Q&A ; with reporters Thursday morning , her first such session since McCain unleashed her on the national scene four weeks ago .
Although she did n’t really answer two of the four questions , many Americans wo n’t hold that against her .
They see someone who understands what it ’s like in a small town .
Common sense has its value , and commentaries like this one , suggesting Palin ’s shortcomings , will only confirm to her fans that she is not a pet of the media elite .
But it seems only sensible to wonder whether charm and pluck will be enough the next time Putin rears his head .
Advertisement
--
james.rainey@latimes.com
CATHY YOUNG
EVERY SO often , yet another wrenching story of a contested adoption is in the news .
Television cameras capture a heartbreaking scene : a frightened , sobbing child being taken away from the adoptive parents , to be handed over to biological parents whom the child has never met .
The latest such drama unfolded recently in Jacksonville , Fla. , where 3 - year - old Evan Parker Scott has been returned to his birth mother after the adoption was annulled because it took place without the birth father 's consent .
ADVERTISEMENT
In these cases , public sympathy is typically on the side of the adoptive parents -- while the unwed father is often assigned the role of villain .
He 's seen as a feckless good - for - nothing who wants the rights of a father just because he took the trouble to impregnate a woman .
Sometimes , the popular perception may be justified .
( Evan Scott 's biological father apparently has a history of drug abuse and violence , including toward the mother when she was pregnant . )
But then there are the other cases .
Take the story of a New York City police officer identified in legal papers only as Robert O .
When his ex-girlfriend found out she was pregnant shortly after their breakup , she decided not to tell Robert and arranged an adoption .
Eventually , the couple got back together and married -- and one day , Robert learned that he had a 17 - month - old son .
His quest for paternal rights ended in defeat in 1992 ; the courts held that Robert had only himself to blame for not keeping in touch with his former girlfriend and not knowing about her pregnancy .
In 2000 , a 19 - year - old Iowa man , David Heidbreder , got quite a shock when he found out that his former girlfriend Katie Carton , who had gone to stay with her grandparents in Minnesota after their breakup , had given birth to a girl and put her up for adoption .
( Carton had refused to tell Heidbreder where she was but had stayed in touch by e-mail and assured him that she would not give up the baby . )
He filed papers with the Minnesota registry which allows men to claim parental rights and block an adoption .
However , he missed the registration deadline -- 30 days from the child 's birth -- by one day .
He sued and lost .
In recent years , some unwed fathers have been more successful in court , though not in the court of public opinion .
Ottakar Kirchner , the father of " Baby Richard , " was vilified in the press after he managed to regain custody of his son .
The boy was born when Kirchner was away on business in his native Czech Republic ; the mother , Daniela Janikova , had decided to break up with Kirchner after hearing rumors of his infidelity .
She lied to him that the child had died at birth and repeatedly frustrated his attempts to track down the boy .
Biological paternity is n't everything ; but it is n't nothing , either .
Where is the sympathy for fathers who lose their children through no fault of theirs ?
Would we be more sympathetic if a woman 's baby were taken away at the hospital and placed for adoption without her knowledge because the birth father signed the adoption papers ?
The father in such a case faces a strong presumption of guilt .
It is readily assumed that if the mother does n't want him involved , he 's either abusive or terminally irresponsible .
In society 's eyes , when a man does n't want to marry his child 's mother , he must be a cad ; when a woman does n't want to marry the father , he must be a creep .
People can believe that a man would wage a lengthy legal battle out of spite at his ex-girlfriend ; yet many wo n't allow that a woman could want to deny her ex-boyfriend his child for equally base reasons .
We stigmatize and prosecute men who refuse to support their children , but not women who willfully conspire to keep a father away from his child .
It 's particularly bizarre to place the burden on the man to find out if the woman is pregnant , considering that she 's the one with direct knowledge of her condition .
Indeed , if a man took such steps after the woman had told him she wanted no further contact , he could be considered a stalker .
In the end , our society sends men quite a mixed message .
If your partner gets pregnant and decides to keep the baby , you 're liable for 18 years of child support , whether or not you want to be a father .
If she does n't want to be a mother , she can give your child to strangers and there is n't much you can do .
Then we complain that men do n't take parenthood seriously enough .
Cathy Young is a contributing editor at Reason magazine .
Her column appears regularly in the Globe .
Inspired by Claude Shannon and Marvin Minsky 's Ultimate Machine , the LeaveMeAloneBox is made of a couple of hobby R/C servos , a switch , a microcontroller , and a battery pack , all contained in a little box and with a sprinkling of code .
" I get a pretty consistent reaction , " says Michael , the guy who made it .
" First no one wants to touch it .
Next , someone reaches out tentatively and flips the switch .
After that , all you hear is laughter and everyone 's trying it out . "
And this is how it reminds me of The Hitchhiker 's Guide To The Galaxy .
Arthur listened for a short while , but being unable to understand the vast majority of what Ford was saying he began to let his mind wander , trailing his fingers along the edge of an incomprehensible computer bank , he reached out and pressed an invitingly large red button on a nearby panel .
The panel lit up with the words Please do not press this button again .
He shook himself .
Advertisement
Its slender hands remind me of my childhood ghoulish coffin bank , out of which an emaciated hand would snake , and avariciously grasp my pocket money before returning from whence it came .
[ LeaveMeAloneBox via MAKE ]
( This story is filed without a dateline to protect anonymity of sources )
July 31 ( Reuters ) - The European Central Bank will raise interest rates again despite faltering economic growth if inflation continues to climb or inflation expectations pick up , euro zone central bank officials told Reuters .
However , others said inflation should ease as global oil prices have fallen from record highs earlier in July .
Central bank sources said it was possible the euro zone economy would contract in the second quarter and the outlook for the rest of the year was uncertain .
But officials , who spoke to Reuters over the last 10 days on the condition of anonymity , said the ECB would raise rates from the current 4.25 percent if dangers to inflation -- which hit a fresh record high of 4.1 percent in July -- increased .
“ The ECB is focused on inflation and that will determine rate policy .
If inflation continues to rise , or inflation expectations pick up again , they will raise interest rates again , even if the economy were contracting , ” one senior euro zone central bank source said .
Still , a second senior euro zone monetary official saw a rate increase as unlikely , as long as the fall in oil prices in the last three weeks had its expected effect in dampening inflation .
The ECB raised interest rates by a quarter percentage point to a near seven - year high on July 3 .
But it gave no hints of further tightening and the vast majority of economists polled by Reuters expect rates to remain on hold well into 2009 .
( For details of poll please double click on [ ECB / INT ] )
“ Despite the latest increase ( in inflation in July ) oil prices have fallen .
That has to have an impact on inflation , ” the second source said .
“ The timing is very difficult .
If rates are raised the ECB must take into account the fact that the economy is already weakening , and ( the rate rise ) will only make itself felt in 12 months or so . ”
“ I see no chance of an interest rate rise before September at least .
We have to wait and see if lower oil and commodity prices do translate as expected into lower inflation . ”
In the Reuters poll only 17 of 85 economists said ECB rates would rise to 4.5 percent or higher by the end of the year and just three expected the ECB to reverse its July rise by that time .
Another euro zone central bank official dismissed the prospect of a rate cut and said monetary policy was still stimulating the economy .
With inflation of 4.1 percent , rates of 4.25 percent are close to zero in real terms .
“ In the current environment there is no need to think about cutting interest rates , ” this official said .
“ Current monetary policy is not restrictive , rather expansive . ”
GROWTH SLOWING , INFLATION PEAKING
Policymakers have said the ECB is not precommitted to any course of action as it assesses the impact of continuing credit market tensions on growth .
It is also considering the risk that high inflation rates will become entrenched in the economy through higher inflation expectations , prompting workers to demand big wage rises and firms to jack up prices .
Discussions with central bank insiders made it clear that the case for raising rates is dependent on evidence of growing second - round inflation pressures , to the extent that a slowdown in growth would not dampen inflation .
Several of the sources said there were few signs of a wage - price spiral to date .
Market inflation expectations over 4 - 7 years , gauged by index - linked bond yields , have eased back to 2.3 percent from as much as 2.77 percent a month ago INFLATION01 .
The latest European Commission survey showed consumer inflation expectations also softened slightly in July while economic sentiment skidded to its lowest since March 2003 , bolstering forecasts for a downturn in growth .
The Commission ’s economic sentiment indicator fell to 89.5 points in July from a downwardly revised 94.8 in June .
Central bank sources said it was possible that the euro zone economy would contracting in the second quarter after a strong start to 2008 .
But they were divided over the odds of a contraction continuing into the third quarter , which would mean a technical recession .
“ The probability of a contraction in the second quarter has increased , ” said the third official , who backed ECB staff forecasts for growth of 1.5 - 2.1 percent this year and 1.0 - 2.0 percent in 2009 , saying a recession was not on the cards .
However , a senior source said a recession was possible in Q2 and Q3 , or at least very little growth , “ and we always said that a recovery in Q4 depended on certain conditions taking place ” .
“ People understandably focus on the mid-pont of our forecasts but the weight of probability can be on the downside of the mid-point forecast .
What is sure is that 2009 growth in the euro zone will be lower than 2008 , ” the senior source said .
Another senior source said predicting the outcome for Q3 was “ like reading tea leaves ” .
Officials said inflation was likely to have peaked in July , or would do so in August at the latest .
They noted the fall in oil prices and that food costs had also softened .
U.S. benchmark crude prices CLc1 fell from a high around $ 147 a barrel on July 11 to near $ 120 on Thursday , but have since risen back to $ 127 .
Analysts are beginning to review their calls on the price of oil .
Deutsche Bank analysts published a report on Thursday forecasting a fall to $ 100 a barrel by the first quarter next year and towards $ 85 by early 2010 .
Slower growth could make it harder for workers to demand higher wages and firms to pass on high input costs to their customers , but there were so far few signs of high inflation feeding into a wage - price spiral .
Still , inflation would remain above the ECB ’s 2 percent ceiling for at least a year .
“ From autumn a certain relaxation in inflation can be expected .
But we will only fall under 2 percent in the second half of 2009 at the earliest , ” one official said .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Swedish wrestler Ara Abrahamian threw down his bronze medal in protest at the refereeing on Thursday after his bid for greco - roman gold failed and now faces an International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) hearing .
Ara Abrahamian of Sweden ( R ) argues with referee Jean - Marc Petoud of Switzerland ( L ) as his coach Leo Myllar watches after Abrahamian 's 84kg men's Greco - Roman wrestling semi-final match against Andrea Minguzzi of Italy at the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games August 14 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Oleg Popov
Abrahamian took the bronze from around his neck during the medal ceremony for the 84kg competition , stepped from the podium and dropped it in the middle of the wrestling mat then walked off .
His coach denounced his defeat in the semi-final as a result of “ politics ” .
“ I do n’t care about this medal .
I wanted gold , ” Abrahamian said , adding that he would retire from the sport .
“ There will be a disciplinary hearing on this matter , ” an IOC official told Reuters .
It was not clear when the hearing would take place .
If the IOC considers his explanations are not sufficient or if it rules he has brought his sport into disrepute he could risk being formally stripped of his medal .
A bitter Abrahamian , silver medalist at Athens 2004 , announced he was quitting the sport after his bronze medal bout .
“ This will be my last match .
I wanted to take gold , so I consider this Olympics a failure , ” the 33 - year - old said .
The Swedish wrestler had to be restrained by team mates when a row erupted with judges over the decision in the semi-final bout with Andrea Minguzzi of Italy , who went on the take gold .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Abrahamian shouted at the referee and judges then went over to their seats to speak to them up close .
He angrily threw off the restraining arm of a team official then turned and left .
Swedish fans booed loudly as the judges filed out of the arena .
Abrahamian said nothing to waiting reporters but whacked an aluminum barricade with his fist as he left the hall .
“ NO FAIR PLAY ”
The gold medalist , who kissed the Chinese medal bearer after receiving his gold , said Abrahamian ’s walkout “ did in a way spoil the victory ceremony for me ” .
“ Certainly one can always question decisions made in the course of refereeing , but in sports it is appropriate to show sportsmanship and accept the results , ” Minguzzi said .
Hungary ’s Zoltan Fodor , an outsider who said he “ never dreamed of reaching the final ” won the silver .
Abrahamian said he believed his loss to the eventual gold medalist Minguzzi was “ totally unjustified ” .
The wrestler said his friends “ called me just 20 minutes before the ( bronze ) competition , begging me to compete ” .
“ I decided that I had come this far and did n’t want to let them down , so I wrestled , ” he said .
Swedish coach Leo Myllari said : “ It ’s all politics . ”
Myllari did not say if he intended to lodge a formal protest over the decision by referee Jean - Marc Petoud of Switzerland , judge Lee Ronald Mackay of Canada , and mat chairman Guillermo Orestes Molina of Cuba .
At GetPlaysToday you can purchase Spotify Plays to increase your rank .
We recommend that you buy Playlist Followers along with Spotify / Soundcloud profile to maximize your achieve in the long term .
Through the hit on Spotify , you ’ll discover appropriate fans / listeners to get all genres .
Spotify or Soundcloud Plays to raise your achieve in the long 17 , why you should purchase .
To be able to make people conscious of your tune in the very long run , it ’s very crucial to purchase Spotify Plays , together with our support you receive genuine and natural plays exactly what makes them understood and in the future their readers improved .
We make it easy to buy plays from actual , targeted men and women .
Spotify has to offer , if you are seriously interested in promoting your songs , sharing your audio with as many people around the world .
When your record or singles have been …
If you have n’t seen it yet , Andy Zupko just released QuadTree for Papervision3D !
He also released a more indepth look at using the new features on his blog .
A big huge thanks to the Away3D team for their code and brilliance !
Andy was able to port it over to work with Papervision3D rather well and we ’ve added some features that I think everyone will want to take advantage of .
So , what is QuadTree ?
Well , in simple terms , its corrective z sorting for a 3D scene .
Say wha ?
In other words , when you have 2 triangles who ’s size is bigger than the distance between them , you will sometimes see sorting issues depending on the angle the camera is to the triangles .
It makes this :
Look like this :
How do I use it ?
Now , this is very easy to use with Papervision3D .
Instead of creating a BasicRenderEngine , you ’d now use the new QuadrantRenderEngine object instead :
var renderer: QuadrantRenderEngine = new QuadrantRenderEngine( QuadrantRenderEngine.CORRECT_Z_FILTER ) ;
You ’ll notice that there ’s one argument about which type of filter to use .
On the sample I ’ve created , I used the CORRECT_Z_FILTER which is the faster filter of the 3 options .
It simply takes care of z sorting of triangles .
Two new features added for speed
There ’s also 2 other options worth mentioning .
One is the ability to tell QuadTree that any particular DO3D is not to be tested on each render ( DisplayObject3D.testQuad:Boolean=true ) .
The default setting is true , but you can set it to false .
The second option is the maxLevel setting .
This controls the regions of the QuadTree .
Having less does NOT mean better performance .
You have to find a nice balance between the # of tri’s you have and how many regions gives you the best bang for the buck .
You might be asking yourself “ why would I only want certain objects to be tested for z sorting fixes ? ” .
Well , the example I ’ve created shows you just a instance that you * would * choose to be very picky about what QuadTree does and does n’t test on .
This example is using the 3D object I ’d made for my Mom ’s site .
When you first load the sample , it is * not * including the big white mass in the middle ( under the panels ) in the QuadTree testing .
To activate it , hit the “ s ” key on the keyboard , and you ’ll notice a decrease in performance .
In this particular type of demo , not testing the biggest object in the scene pays off as the panels above it are still corrected .
That ’s a substantial savings .
Also , if you want to see how maxLevel affects performance , use the Q and A buttons to increase and decrease the maxLevel .
As I said earlier , a lower number does not equal better performance .
You just have to find a nice middle ground .
The default value , btw , is 4 and my demo seemed to run better set to 3 .
Try it out here
My point , all along , is proven true 😉
Now , this all leads me to a point that I ’ve been making since this topic and request for corrective z sorting came up a long time ago .
My point has been :
If you have the 3D model , fix the sorting yourself – its FAR faster performance - wize than QuadTree could ever be .
And my example here proves my point .
In the pictures below , I have the original version of my 3D object , and then a new version with the Panels much closer to the surface of the main structure .
The only difference between the 2 visually , is JUST that : the panels are simply closer to the main structure .
Original :
The new QuadTree enhanced version :
When you run my sample , just hit “ T ” to switch between the QuadTree enhanced version and my original model .
You ’ll see a huge difference in performance .
Yes , there are still some sorting issues in my model , but I could very easily go in and split the triangles by hand to fix those minor issues .
And I ’d still have a very fast presentation .
While I would agree that having the panels closer to the main object looks a bit nicer , it ’s not “ nice enough ” to justify the CPU / performance .
Now do n’t go and take this as “ John thinks QuadTree is useless ” – I do n’t think that , but I do think it ’s uses are very confined given the speed we all live with in Flash 3D .
It ’s awesome to see it working , and I would love to see good samples of it in production for sure , but if speed is what you need , you ’ll likely end up fixing your sorting issues by hand in a good editor .
Of course , I have n’t talked about triangles colliding , which is something QuadTree deals with as well .
But for more information on that , head over to Andy ’s blog for a full explanation 😉
Conclusion
Corrective Z sorting is a very cool feature to have indeed and , btw , the most requested .
But so was shaders before they came out .
Now ask yourself , “ how much do I use shaders these days ? ”
I ’d venture a guess that your answer is hardly ever – if ever .
I think we ’ll see more need for QuadTree than shaders , but I do n’t think that QuadTree is the miracle pill we ’ll all be able to leverage very often to fix our sorting issues .
That will most likely STILL fall on the hands of the 3D modeler 95 % of the time I would bet .
Reports : Deal reached on economic bailout RAW STORY
Published : Thursday September 25 , 2008
Print This Email This Word emerged Thursday afternoon that Congress had reached a deal on a $ 700 billion economic bailout packaged the Bush administration and Wall Street says is necessary to prevent an economic collapse .
However , the leading Republican in the House denied there was a deal , and the McCain campaign issued a statement saying , " There 's no deal until there 's a deal . "
The Associated Press reports : Emerging from a two - hour negotiating session , Sen. Chris Dodd , D - Conn. , said , " We are very confident that we can act expeditiously . "
" I now expect that we will indeed have a plan that can pass the House , pass the Senate ( and ) be signed by the president , " said Sen. Bob Bennett , R - Utah .
The bipartisan consensus on the general direction of the legislation was reported just hours before President Bush was to host presidential contenders Barack Obama and John McCain and congressional leaders at the White House for discussions on how to clear obstacles to the unpopular rescue plan .
Key lawmakers said at midday that few difficulties actually remained .
The full story is available here .
As soon as stories of a deal emerged , House Republican leader John Boehner released a statement saying his party had not yet agreed to any specifics , MSNBC reported .
Indications began to emerge earlier in the day that a deal was on the horizon .
Obama and McCain were scheduled to sit down with Bush this afternoon at 4 p.m .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi told reporters the White House has agreed to key principles Democrats want included in the massive bailout bill , which is expected to exceed some 700 billion dollars .
The White House meanwhile praised " significant progress " in difficult talks with lawmakers on the rescue package and held out hope for a breakthrough deal on Thursday .
" We 're reaching a consensus and we 're going to try to drive that to a conclusion today , " spokeswoman Dana Perino told reporters hours before unprecedented crisis talks at the White House expected at 1800 GMT .
Pelosi , the top Democrat in Congress , said Democrats had insisted on four principles in reaching a deal : " forbearance , oversight , equity , and executive pay . "
The four issues have been sticking points in efforts to hammer out a deal , with Democrats insisting that that any bailout include " forbearance " or leniency in the terms of repayment for mortgage holders .
Democrats also have insisted that the government and public are entitled to " equity " in the company , entitling them to a share of any profits generated .
They also are calling for limits in the pay of finance company executives , whose compensation packages often total many millions of dollars .
And they said that any deal must include strict oversight by federal regulators .
" We could n't bring a bill without those provisions .
There are other provisions that we have n't reached .
It 's not that it 's disagreement , it 's just what form will it take in the legislation , " Pelosi stressed .
Pelosi promised a " very lean but important stimulus package . "
" It would be hard to explain to public why we have to have a 700 - billlion dollar rescue and not address stimulus , " she said .
Still , the top Republican in the House , Minority Leader John Boehner , denied that a deal had been clinched .
" There is no bipartisan deal at this time .
There may be a deal among some Democrats , but House Republicans are not a part of it , " he told reporters .
Wall Street stocks raced higher Thursday , boosted by optimism that Congress was nearing a deal on a massive rescue plan for the troubled financial sector .
Traders focused on the news from Washington , largely brushing off weak data on manufactured durable goods orders and a profit warning from General Electric .
After a mixed session on Wednesday for the market , the Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 185.90 points ( 1.72 percent ) to 11,011.07 and the Nasdaq composite added 31.12 points ( 1.44 percent ) to 2,186.80 at 1510 GMT .
Also in New York , John McCain voiced confidence a deal on a Wall Street bailout could be sealed before markets open Monday , saying his ' old navy pilot ' instincts told him to suspend his White House bid amid the crisis .
The Republican presidential candidate said he could not stay on the campaign trail as normal while the future of the US economy was at stake , before heading back to Washington for the White House summit .
Aides to Obama , in Clearwater , Florida , cast doubt on McCain 's motives for suspending his campaign when a financial crisis deal appeared to be near .
" All of a sudden , now that we 're on the verge of making a deal , John McCain drops himself in to make a deal , " Democrat Barney Frank , the House financial services leader , told ABC television .
With wire reports
Okay !
After diving into CouchDB source code and doing an in depth review of the btree : lookup , I am ready for the real challenge , figuring out how CouchDB writes to the btree .
This is the really interesting part , from my point of view .
The heart of this functionality is the query_modify method .
This method allow us to perform a batch of operations on the tree in one go .
Following my own ideal that all remote APIs ( and this is talking to disk , hence , remote ) should support batching , I really like the idea .
The first part is dedicated to building the actions list .
I am not going to go over that in detail , but I will say that this first sort things by key , and then by action .
So , for example , let us say that I want to perform the following actions :
query_modify ( tree , {'c ' , ' a '} , 'a ' , 'a ' )
What will happen is that we will first query the current value of ' a ' , then we will remove it , and then we will insert it .
Finally , we will query the value of ' c ' .
This is done in order to ensure good traversal performance of the tree , as well as to ensure consistency when performing multiple operations .
The part that really interest us is modify_node , which perform the actual work :
Now we are starting to see how things are really happening .
We can see that if the root is null we create a value node , or we find the appropriate node if it is not .
This follows what we seen in the lookup .
Moving on , we forward the call to modify_kpnode or modify_kvnode .
I am going to touch kpnode first , since it is bound to be simpler ( kvnode needs to handle splitting , I would assume ) .
This is far from trivial code , and I do n't think that I understand it fully yet , but what it basically does is fairly simple .
First the first node that match the current FirstActionKey , if this is the last node that we have to deal with , we call modify_node on it , accumulate the result and return it .
If it is not the last node , we split the work , sending all that are less than or equal to the current FirstActionKey to be handled using modify_node ( which is likely to be a key / value node and thus handled directly ) and continue to handle the rest using modify_kpnode .
In a way , this is the exact reverse of how lookup_kvnode is handled .
modify_kvnode is complex .
I can't fit the functions on a single screen in a 1280x1024 resolution .
I am going to split it into two sections .
It is not ideal , since they are supposed to go together , but I 'm sure you 'll manage .
The first part is to handle the case where we have more actions to perform .
In this case , we can simple return the results .
The second is there to handle the case where we run out of the items in the node .
Note how insert works , for example .
You can see that the way that the btree works is the same in which Erlang does .
That is , we will always rewrite the entire node , rather than modify it .
remove is also interesting .
If we got to this point and have n't found the node , it does n't exist , so we can move on .
Same for fetching .
Now let us see the more complex part , what happen if we do find the items in the value node ?
Note that we have AccNode , which is our accumulator .
We find the first node that match ActionKey , and then we take the NodeTuple and the AccNode and turn them into a reverse list .
This copies all the items that are less than the current one to the ResultNode , those are the ones that we are not interested in , so we can just copy them as is .
The next part handles the actual adding / removing / fetching from the node .
It is pretty self explanatory , I think , so I 'll leave it at that .
So now we understand what modify_kvnode and modify_kpnode works .
But there is nothing here about splitting nodes , which I find suspicious .
Let us go back to modify_node and look what else is going on there :
Ah , note the handling of NewNodeList , there is probably where the money is .
We make a couple of tests .
The first is to see if there are any nodes left , the second to see if we changed the node list ( by comparing it to the old value ) .
We do n't care for any of those at the moment , so we will focus on the last one .
write_node is called , and this is likely where we will see what we are looking for .
Well , this is simple enough , and chunkify seems like what we were looking for .
However ,
It bothers me that we write all the nodes to disk .
Is seems ... wrong somehow .
More specifically , since we are always appending , are n't we going to break the binary tree ?
There is also the reduce_node call that is hiding there , which we also need to check .
It is being called after the node was written to disk , so I am not sure what is going on here .
Let us read chunkify first , and then deal with reduce_node .
Well ... it looks like the chunkify function sucks .
But anyway , what is going on there is fairly simple .
We check if the list that we were passed is greater than CHUNK_THRESHOLD .
This is set to 1279 , for some strange reason that I can't follow .
I assume that the reason for that is to ensure blocks of less than 1280 , but that no sector size that I have heard of came in this size .
The second part is more interesting ( and complex ) .
OutputChunks is a list of lists of the elements that started in the InList .
This piece of code is very short , but it does a tremendous amount of work .
And now we can move back to reduce_node , like I promised .
This is short , to the point , and interesting .
The idea of rereduce is that when something has changed , you do n't have to go and recalculate everything from scratch , you can take partial reduced results and the new values and combine them to produce the same result that you would have if you had reduced over the entire data set .
As you can see , calling reduce_node on a key pointer node will cause a re reduction , while on a value node , it just reduce after a map .
I am assuming that the thought was that value nodes are small enough that there is no point in optimizing this .
There are a few interesting points that need to be raised , which I do n't have answers for at the moment .
Why is this happening after we write to file ?
How does this relate to CouchDB 's ability to shell out to java script in order to perform maps and reductions ?
What ensure that the ordering of the node reduction match the tree hierarchy ?
At any rate , this completes our examination of write_node and modify_node , we can now go back to where we started , query_modify :
We are nearly at the end .
We have seen that the nodes are written to disk after being chunkified .
Note that currently nothing actually have a reference to them at this point .
We do have KeyPointers , but they are n't attached to anything .
If we crashed right now ( directly after modify_node ) , there is no state change as far as we are concerned , we just lost some disk space that we will recover in the next compaction .
I am pretty sure that complete_root is the one responsible for hooking everything together , so let us see what it does ...
Yes , I expected complete_root to be complicated as well :-)
What is going on here is the actual missing piece .
This is what takes all the value nodes and turn them into pointer nodes , and does so recursively until we finally get to the point where we only have a single value returned , which is the root node .
There is also handling for no nodes , in which case the tree is empty .
Basically , what this means that that the way CouchDB is able to achieve ACID using a btree is by saving the modified tree structure to disk on each commit .
Since it is only the modified part that is saved , and since btree structure are really small , it has no real storage penalty .
Now I want to go and find what actually save the new root tree to disk , since query_modify does not modify the actual header ( which means that in the case of a crash , nothing will change from the point of view of the system ) .
Right now I suspect that this is intentional , that this allows to combine even more actions into a single transaction , even beyond what you can do in a single query_modify .
This is especially true since the common interface for those would usually be add , remove , etc .
As an interesting side effect , this is also how CouchDB is able to handle MVCC .
Since everything is immutable , it can just hand a tree reference to the calling code and forget about it .
No changes ever occur , so you get serializable isolation level by default .
And , from what I can see , basically for free .
Going over the couch_httpd file , is seems that the main interface is couch_db , so I am heading that way ... and I run into some very complex functions that I do n't really feel like reading right now .
Hope this post does n't contain too many mistakes ...
Legal experts question US Attorney 's decision not to prosecute Obama ' assassination plot ' Brad Jacobson
Published : Friday October 31 , 2008
Print This Email This Interviews with numerous legal experts suggest that Colorado US Attorney Troy Eid misled reporters and diverged from state law when declining to prosecute any of the three men arrested in Denver for threatening to assassinate Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama .
Eid , who was appointed by President George W. Bush in 2006 , declined to prosecute the three men on charges of threatening to assassinate Barack Obama during his acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention , saying that the suspects were " just a bunch of meth heads " and their words failed to meet the legal standard for " true threat . "
" When you talk about threatening presidential candidates , there 's a legal standard you got to meet , " Eid told reporters .
" It 's got to be a credible threat as defined by the law .
And that means that someone has a way to carry it out .
And at this time we do n't have sufficient evidence that there was a true threat . "
He added , " They did n't reveal a plan " and characterized the alleged threats and assassination plot as merely " the racist rantings of drug users " and " one meth head talking to another about life . "
But multiple legal experts interviewed by RAW STORY -- including criminal and constitutional law scholars , former Assistant US Attorneys and Denver - area defense lawyers also familiar with Colorado state law -- agreed that voluntary intoxication is not exculpatory and that such a claim , especially for a prosecutor , is unorthodox .
While it may be presented in an effort to reduce a sentence after a conviction , experts say it is normally the domain of defense counsel .
" It 's very unusual , " says Scott Horton , a Columbia Law School professor who also writes for Harper 's Magazine .
" Basically , you have a US Attorney trotting out the sort of arguments that defense counsel makes on a plea for reduced sentencing . "
Legal experts say that Eid's definition of true threat directly conflicts with the statute covering threats to presidential candidates , 18 U.S.C. 879 , which defines the threat as " whoever knowingly and willfully threatens to kill , kidnap , or inflict bodily harm upon a major candidate for the office of President or Vice President , or a member of the immediate family of such candidate . "
While noting the statute must be weighed against First Amendment rights , they argued that because voluntary intoxication is not a viable defense the First Amendment does not protect a speaker 's threatening speech .
George Fisher , Stanford Law Professor and one of the nation 's top scholars of criminal law and evidence , explained , " Certainly when there 's a state of mind requirement in a crime , ' knowingly , ' for example , you could say as a logical matter that somebody can't do something knowingly while under the influence .
But there are these other laws , sometimes in the form of statutes and sometimes in the form of case law , that will say , ' But voluntary intoxication is no defense . '
And the Supreme Court many years ago upheld those laws as not being a violation of due process . "
Colorado defense attorneys agreed .
They said Colorado state law does not differ from the Supreme Court 's ruling on voluntary intoxication .
Thus , legal experts agreed that a verbal threat alone , intended by the speaker to be taken seriously , and said willfully and knowingly , is all that is necessary to satisfy the legal requirement for true threat .
Contrary to what Eid told the press , a prosecutor in this case would not have to prove a plan existed or the viability of any such plan , only that a threat was made and understood by the speaker and receiver of the words to be said in earnest .
Adolph " not your normal criminal "
According to a federal affidavit , one of the men arrested , Nathan Dwaine Johnson , said that another in the group , Sean Robert Adolph , had come to Denver to shoot Obama during his DNC acceptance speech .
Johnson told the Secret Service that Adolph said " it would n't matter if he killed Obama because he was going to jail on his pending felony charges anyway . "
Vicki Harbert , an investigator at the Weld County , Colo. , sheriff 's department , who had pursued Adolph since 2006 , told RAW STORY , " It 's very easy to see Adolph saying something like that .
He had nothing to lose .
With his criminal history , he was going to jail for the rest of his life . "
( Adolph has an extensive rap sheet , including aggravated motor vehicle theft , burglary , larceny , habitual criminal , skipping on a $ 1 million bond and was on the Weld County sheriff department 's " Most Wanted " list at the time of his arrest . )
Harbert also feared he would wind up shooting a police officer before he was captured , saying Adolph would 've had " no problem shooting a cop . "
She asserted that he " was not your normal criminal " and added that he was " very sophisticated , very cunning , very intelligent , very street smart and a professional criminal . "
The affidavit goes on to detail Johnson admitting to a Service Service agent , " Adolph had in fact threatened to kill Obama on a prior occasion [ as well ] . "
Johnson further related that Adolph said that he wanted to kill Obama on the day of his inauguration [ should he win the presidency ] and additionally stated that Adolph said he would specifically use a 22 - 250 sniper rifle and high - powered scope , and find high ground to set up and shoot Obama . "
Johnson also " stated that he believed that [ Tharin Robert ] Gartrell was also present in Denver , CO to assist Adolph in killing Obama . "
But based on the affidavit , which RAW STORY corroborated with a source close to the investigation , Gartrell never verbally expressed to Johnson a desire to kill Obama .
Therefore his actions would not legally constitute a true threat .
But experts said Adolph 's statements do .
Prosecutorial Discretion or Different Standards ?
A recent North Carolina case suggests
Eid employed a double standard when opting not to prosecute any of the three men .
On Aug. 1 , North Carolina resident Jerry Blanchard was arrested and eventually charged with " threatening to kill , kidnap , and inflict bodily harm upon U.S. Senator Barack Obama , a major candidate for the office of President of the United States . "
He was indicted Aug. 28 , four days before the suspected plotters in Denver were arrested .
His criminal complaint alleges only verbal threats .
According to the indictment , Blanchard suggested he might purchase a firearm but owned none and never expressed a specific plan or date on which he would to carry out the alleged threat .
Blanchard 's lawyer , Lawrence Hewitt , said he was " mystified " as to why his client was charged and the Colorado men were not .
" True threat is simply the offense of making the threat , " Hewitt said .
" It 's a bit mystifying to me that the men in Denver who made threats against Senator Obama and allegedly had body armor and weapons were not charged , but my client who is alleged to have merely made verbal threats is charged . "
Assistant Colorado US
Attorney Jim Hearty downplayed Eid's statements from his press conference and dismissed claims that any of the men should have been prosecuted on threat charges .
" It 's not important what was said in the heat of a press conference , " Hearty said .
" We 're only supposed to prosecute cases that we 're certain we can gain a conviction . "
He also told RAW STORY that if it wanted to question the US Attorney 's motives , " Then knock yourself out . "
Eid and US Attorney spokesman Jeffrey Dorschner repeatedly maintained that there was never a credible threat due to the men's drug use and the lack of a viable plot .
National media outlets printed the Colorado US Attorney office 's claims without question .
Legal experts interviewed by RAW STORY agreed that , in general , a prosecutor reserves the right to " prosecutorial discretion . "
But some , particularly those more familiar with this case as well as Eid's history as US Attorney ( Eid was appointed by President Bush during the height of Monica Goodling 's tenure as Justice Department liaison to the White House ) , thought he might be hiding behind such discretion .
Horton , who has also written extensively about the US Attorneys scandal for Harper 's Magazine and is very familiar with Eid's background and record as Colorado US Attorney , pointed out , " Pretty much any law professor is going to tell you that a prosecutor is entitled to discretion in making decisions .
But that 's not an absolute rule .
The rule is they have to apply consistent standards across the board .
And I think this is a clear - cut case where there 's one standard [ for Republicans ] and another standard for Barack Obama .
Do you think for a second if these people had uttered threats against President Bush that Eid would be doing this ? "
Horton added , " And by applying the standard in a way that 's not equal across the board , they damage their own reputation . "
Curious omissions from court documents
The federal affidavits , though summaries and not a full record of the sequence of arrests and what law enforcement officials and suspects said during questioning , also raise questions for what 's missing from them -- specifically , any instance of federal authorities asking Adolph about the alleged threats and plans to assassinate Obama .
" From a reporter 's perspective , the starting point for these documents is you 'd like to know everything that 's relevant to the case , " noted Columbia law professor Daniel Richman .
" The starting point for a prosecutor is to say as little as possible .
They want to convey certain information and the question is not usually why they left something out , but what led them to put something in . "
Horton , however , was more pointed about this omission , calling it " definitely strange " and confirming that law enforcement officials either asked Adolph this question and omitted his answer or they never asked him at all .
He added , " This is one way : when they do n't want a record that will establish something , they do n't ask the question . "
RAW STORY asked the Colorado US Attorney 's office , the FBI and the Secret Service to explain this omission .
All declined to comment .
One law enforcement official close to the case , who spoke to RAW STORY on the condition of anonymity , said , " I would think that question would be asked . "
This source also confirmed that the idea of a potential plot against Obama " was first raised by Johnson , " not by authorities questioning him .
Another law enforcement official close to the investigation told RAW STORY he was given strict orders not to speak to the media .
Asked if he would have a lot to say about this case if he did n't fear speaking , he said , " Yes . "
Physical evidence " tools of the drug trade ? "
In downplaying the threat , the US Attorney 's spokesman also characterized the physical evidence recovered from the suspects " including , along with methamphetamine , two high - powered rifles with scopes ( one threaded with a silencer ) , 85 rounds of ammunition , a bulletproof vest , wigs , two walkie - talkies , three fake IDs , tactical pants and camouflage gear " as merely " tools of the drug trade . "
( FBI special agent and spokeswoman Kathy Wright admitted to RAW STORY that this physical evidence initially " sounded ominous , " which is what compelled the FBI to obtain a warrant for search and seizure ; yet contrary to reports in alternative media and the blogosphere , the FBI never sought to " charge " any of the suspects for threatening or plotting against Obama . )
The implication was that all of these men were , at once , " just a bunch of meth heads " incapable of following through with any plan yet also hardened drug dealers , whose ownership of these items would be commonplace .
But according to narcotics experts , while the amount of methamphetamine recovered from Adolph 's Denver hotel room legally constituted enough to charge him with intent to distribute , it does not suggest he or the other suspects are serious drug dealers or even drug dealers .
Nor does it explain the kind of weaponry found on them .
One narcotics expert , a former senior DEA special agent who spoke with RAW STORY on the condition of anonymity due to his current consulting work , said that such a relatively small amount seems to point to either " very low level " dealing , the kind in which those involved are selling just to make ends meet , or an amount they simply planned on using themselves .
Michael Levine , one of the most highly decorated former DEA agents in agency history and an expert witness in over 300 federal and state criminal and civil cases , said of the amount of methamphetamine recovered in this case , " It 's really not that much at all ; that 's roughly one ounce of meth .
And one ounce of meth is what someone using might buy for himself or to share with friends .
It was a small amount , still within the bounds of reasonable intent for use . "
Levine also disputed the characterization of the weaponry recovered .
" They are not tools of the trade , " he said , explaining that while some drug dealers carry weapons , real evidence of drug dealing is the seriousness and amount of trafficking materials , primarily packaging materials , records of buyers ' names and contact information , and evidence of witnesses who 've said they 've purchased from them .
The US Attorney 's office has never clearly explained what the suspects were doing with the recovered weapons .
During Eid's Aug. 26 press conference , he said , " I do n't know what they were for , " adding , " a bunch of meth heads get together , we do n't know why they do what they do . "
The US Attorney 's office told RAW STORY it could n't comment further on this evidence .
The FBI and the Secret Service also declined to comment .
In 2006 , Massachusetts signed into law the nation ’s first state universal health insurance program .
It was to be the test ground to see how well universal health coverage would work here in the United States .
So , why do we hear so little about how it ’s going ?
Background
As this third wealthiest state in the country focused its resources on ensuring all of its residents were insured , it quickly became apparent that the state ’s estimates of what it would cost taxpayers had been underestimated by more than five - fold .
The program also created an enormous set of new bureaucracies ( no less than ten new agencies , six financial - management funds , and three new programs ) to establish , oversee and enforce ... and proved more expensive and less efficient .
Similarly , forced to purchase the managed care plans approved by the state ( with coverage mandates they may not need or want ) or have their tax returns docked , some families and employers found their healthcare costs and insurance premiums rising and their choices restricted .
This past June , results of the first survey of the new law were released , finding that nearly 100,000 Massachusetts taxpayers had been fined for failing to purchase state mandated health insurance .
What care was available , how it was delivered , who gets it and when , fell under a state “ Care Quality and Cost Control Council , ” which was directed to lower or contain costs .
Healthcare providers found their care graded on their compliance with state - insurer performance measures , rather than what might be best for individual patients or hold the greatest medical efficacy .
This May , doctors with the Massachusetts Medical Society had taken legal action to protest the state insurance agency 's ranking of doctors by cost - based performance measures .
Within weeks of the law 's deadline for people to have purchased insurance , the state was scrambling , as it realized it not only had n’t accurately budgeted for the program , but health insurance was not the same as access to care .
Who would provide the care ?
With a shortage of primary - care providers [ the gatekeepers in managed care plans ] , people found that 95 % of these doctors were n’t accepting more patients , and rationing of services and growing waits for care began .
By February of this year , the state was asking the Federal government to bail it out and cover half of the program ’s costs from 2009 through 2011 .
According to the Boston Globe , the program will cost taxpayers $ 1.95 billion this year and is expected to cost $ 1.35 billion annually by June 2011 — figures that “ far outstrip the original plans . ”
Massachusetts medical authorities , in efforts to keep the program solvent , had approved changes in December to cut payments to doctors and hospitals , reduce choices and benefits for patients , and possibly increase how much patients have to pay .
Insurance companies , of course , support government mandates for residents to purchase their insurance , or states to subsidize it for low - income and illegal alien residents .
The strongest lobby for universal health coverage since the 1990s has been , of course , Robert Wood Johnson Foundation .
Their take on the Massachusetts plan is that it ’s a success , most employers and residents support it , and that it could be a model for universal health coverage across the country .
But surprisingly little information from consumers and healthcare professionals is reaching the rest of the country .
Latest news
Yesterday , the Boston Globe , reported on the latest progress of the country ’s first state universal health coverage .
As governors across the country are proposing their own universal health coverage programs patterned after Massachusetts , you ’d think this information would be front page news in every local newspaper .
But the media silence is , as they say , deafening .
Reporter Liz Kowalczyk reports :
Across Mass. , wait to see doctors grows
Access to care , insurance law cited for delays
The wait to see primary care doctors in Massachusetts has grown to as long as 100 days , while the number of practices accepting new patients has dipped in the past four years , with care the scarcest in some rural areas .
Now , as the state 's health insurance mandate threatens to make a chronic doctor shortage worse , the Legislature has approved an unprecedented set of financial incentives for young physicians , and other programs to attract primary care doctors .
But healthcare leaders fear the new measures will take several years to ease the shortage .
Senate President Therese Murray , who championed the legislation , said that many of the roughly 439,000 people who obtained health coverage under the 2006 insurance law are struggling to find a doctor .
" You can take a look at the whole state and you are not going to find a primary care physician anytime soon . " ...
Doctors and patient advocates report growing stress for patients trying to get care , and for physicians trying to squeeze them in : In Williamstown ...
In Amherst ... And in Great Barrington , Volunteers in Medicine , a clinic for the uninsured , is for the first time treating insured patients ....
Access to care is not just a problem for the newly insured .
Herman Berkman of Adams fell down some stairs a couple of months ago .
But his primary care doctor , Robert Jandl , and an orthopedist 's office were busy , Berkman said , so the 85 - year - old went to the emergency room ...
Jandl has watched his colleagues in the Berkshires retire , move away , and quit high - stress practices to work predictable shifts in a hospital .
With few new physicians replacing them , he had taken on so many patients that earlier this year , he closed his practice to new patients ...
The Globe went on to report on the annual physician survey conducted by the Massachusetts Medical Society , the state 's largest physician organization .
It found that among 100 internists , the average wait time for an appointment for a new patient was 50 days , with some reporting waits of up to 100 days .
This compares to average wait times in 2004 , prior to the universal healthcare coverage laws , of 47 days , with the longest recorded wait of 87 days .
The MMS survey found waits for appointments with obstetrician / gynecologists and family practitioners had also increased .
The Medical Society also reported fewer primary care doctors are accepting new patients , with nearly half ( 42 % ) having closed their practices entirely to new patients , a one - third increase since 2004 .
Reporter Kowalczyk wrote :
Amherst family physician Kate Atkinson decided to open her practice to new patients in January partly so she could take on the newly insured , especially since , by her count , 18 doctors in the area had closed their practices over the last two years .
Most of those physicians have become hospitalists , caring for patients in the hospital , she said .
" There were so many people waiting to get in , it was like opening the floodgates , " Atkinson said .
" Most of these patients had n't seen the doctor in a long time so they had a lot of complicated problems . "
She closed her practice to new patients again six weeks later .
" We literally have 10 calls a day from patients crying and begging , " she said .
The Massachusetts legislature has passed more health regulation legislation in a single year than any other state , trying to control costs and solve the problem of access to primary care providers , said Richard Cauchi of the National Conference of State Legislatures .
These additional costs to taxpayers include $ 1.5 million to subsidize medical students who agree to work as primary care doctors for four years ; $ 1.7 million to subsidize medical school loans for doctors who agree to work in community health centers and $ 500,000 to pay off debts of doctors who agree to work in primary care for at least two years .
The law also allotted $ 1.7 million , along with a $ 5 million grant from Bank of America , to help doctors buy houses , hoping to attract primary doctors to the state .
But , as the president of the Massachusetts Medical Society noted , all of these legislative programs have a long lag time before effects are seen .
The rate of uninsured people in Massachusetts has gone from 10.3 % in 2004 - 5 to 7.9 % in 2006 - 7 , according to the just - released Income , Poverty and Health Insurance Coverage in the United States report from the U.S. Department of Commerce , U.S. Census Bureau .
It would appear , however , that there are significant challenges that this national pilot test program has yet to resolve before success in financial viability and improving health care is demonstrated .
An anonymous tipster seems to have contacted several Mac rumor publications with rumors about an unlimited music subscription within iTunes .
According to the e-mail , Apple will charge U.S. - based customers $ 130 per year ( or $ 100 for MobileMe subscribers ) for an " iTunes Unlimited " subscription starting in late October that will include the ability to download about half of the songs in the iTunes store in a 256 - Kbps format – presumably AAC files that are protected by an updated , subscription - capable version of Apple 's Fairplay DRM .
The rumored subscription would only include half of the songs in the store because offering music under a subscription plan requires a new deal with copyright holders .
Subscription songs would be playable within iTunes as well as on certain supported devices – most likely the iPhone , iPod touch and other upcoming iPod models .
However , older iPods would most likely be incapable of playing the files , because they almost certainly lack necessary technology to verify the validity of a subscription .
Steve Jobs has mocked music subscriptions in the past , maintainingthat while the rental model makes sense for movies , consumers want toown and collect music .
However , he admits that the average iPod userhas purchased only 22 songs from the iTunes music store .
The ability ofconnected players such as the iPhone and iPod Touch to download newsongs over the air may have convinced the Apple CEO that subscriptionscould be the best way to get people to consume – and pay for – moremusic .
Subscriptions will only be available on a yearly basis , accordingto the tipster , while the current individual song pricing system wouldremain as is .
When users sign into their accounts , they would see a " Get " button instead of a " Buy " button , for songs that are available aspart of the subscription .
Here 's the portion of the tipster 's e-mail that pertains to iTunes :
- 256 - Kbps music ; highest quality digital music subscription service ever
- 50 percent of U.S. store available for iTunes Unlimited at launch , U.S. - only launch
- Availablethrough iTunes or retail box a la MobileMe , funds applied throughiTunes gift cards cannot be used towards subscription purchase
- $ 129.99 standalone or $ 179.99 with MobileMe , current MobileMe subscribers can add iTunes Unlimited for $ 99.99
- One - year subscription period
- Current a la carte options unchanged
- When signed in to subscription account , " Buy " is " Get "
- " Download and Play throughout iTunes Unlimited Subscription " or " Buy and Keep "
- " Buy and Keep " option available for downloaded subscription songs , purchased version replaces subscription version
- Late October launch with iTunes 7.8
We 've contacted an Apple spokesman for the company 's standard " no comment " response , and will post that when it comes through .
See Also :
( MacDailyNews via CNET )
On July 19 , 1979 , the Nicaraguan people led by the Sandinista National Liberation Front ( FSLN ) overthrew the brutal US - backed dictator Somoza .
In this film , made by John Pilger in the 1980s , the background to the revolt and the gains won -- and the United States ' virulent opposition -- are graphically explained .
An interesting UI element , tooltips ( also called infotips ) make a small box appear when the mouse cursor is hovered over a certain text or image with information regarding the element being hovered over .
In terms of user experience , tooltips provide users the quickest and easiest source of information without having to click anything .
Though the simplest way to add tooltips to your text is to use HTML tag < ACRONYM > or TITLE= ” ” , ALT= ” ” .
However , there are some really cool tooltips designs and styles you can create with JavaScript and CSS using tooltips scripts .
Let ’s take a look .
Read Also : 50 + Nice Clean CSS Tab - Based Navigation Scripts
CSS
Balloon.css – Balloon is CSS library composed with SasS and LESS to show an interactive tooltip .
The content and the position of the tooltip are configurable through the data- attribute .
You can show the tooltip at the left , right or the left - right .
You can even add Emojis to the content .
Balloon.css can be installed through NPM and or load it from CDNJS .
Simptip – Made with SasS enabling to reconfigure and recompile the code to fit your requirement .
The tooltip position and content is configurable through the class name and the data - tooltip attribute .
Simptip is available as an NPM , Yarn , and Bower package .
Hint.css –
One of the popular CSS libraries to display tooltip , Hint.css is used by many popular websites like Fiverr , Webflow , and Tridiv .
Unlike the other two CSS libraries , Hint.css uses aria-label
You can configure the size and color through the class names using BEM methodology .
Hint.css is available on NPM , Bower , and CDNJS .
Microtip – Another awesome CSS library for creating tooltip built with “ Accessibility ” in mind , Microtip uses aria - label to hold the tooltip content and data- attribute to configure the tooltip size and position .
It uses CSS variable which allows you to customize the tooltip with just plain ol ’ CSS file .
CSS Variables are already supported in many web and mobile browsers .
Microtip is available as an NPM , Yarn package , and UNPkg CDN .
Wenk –
It ’s just 733 bytes .
A super lightweight library written in a super - modern CSS using CSSNext , LESS , and SCSS so can customize and recompile the styles the way you like .
Wenk can be downloaded from NPM , Yarn , and the following free CDN services : rawgit.com and unpkg.com .
Tooltippy – Another lightweight CSS library being just around 1 KB in size .
Tooltippy includes several pre-made themes for styling the tooltip .
It ’s written with a CSS pre-processors named Stylus .
See the instruction on how you can extend or customize these themes .
ElegantTips –
This library comes with a few pre-built themes that can be changed with the class names provided .
Unlike the other the libraries which rely on HTML5 data - or the aria - label attribute , ElegantTips requires an extra element added to form the tooltip .
This allows you to add literally any content to the tooltip beyond simple text .
Tootik –
Not only that this CSS library provides the stylsheet in CSS , LESS , and SasS format , it also provides an easy - to - use GUI to customize the tooltip .
You can simply copy and paste the HTML generated by this tool .
It ’s that simple .
VanillaJS
TippyJS – Powered by Popper.js , TippyJS comes with an abundance of options to configure the tooltip .
We can customize the animations , the tooltip arrow , the width , the size , the theme , and a lot more .
It also provides Callback functions with which you can execute a function when the tooltip is shown and hidden .
These features make TippyJS one of our powerful JavaScript libraries on our list to create tooltip .
Darsain Tooltip –
This library provides the basic implementation of a tooltip .
Still , it provides extensive options to configure the tootip behaviour , and a set of class names to change the tooltip appearance .
The tooltip works well in older browser like IE9 and , if needed , IE8 with a few adjustments .
Bubb – Bubb might be well - suited for advanced JavaScript users .
Using its extensive APIs , aside from displaying simple text , you can programmatically add a more complex HTML content to the tooltip .
It ’s pretty cool ; you can refer to the Docs the examples .
Popper – Contains a technical abstraction to create something that “ pops ” , like a tooltip , a popover , and drop - downs .
TippyJS uses it as the library foundation and is used by big names on the web such as Bootstrap , Microsoft , and Atlassian .
YY Tooltip – Unlike the other libraries , YY Tooltip does not require you to add an HTML element or attributes .
It works fully with JavaScript and the content , position , and colors , are defined in an Object instead of in an HTML element .
It ’s perfect to be used in conjunction with a full JavaScript web application .
Position.js – Another excellent native JavaScript library to create tooltips , Position .js provides a GUI to configure the function and simply copy and paste the code generated there .
Position.js can be used in conjunction with React.js or Vue.js .
Bezet Tooltip –
This library provides 14 options to display the tooltip ; such as on the right , left , bottom , left - center , right - end , bottom - center , etc .
On top of that , it also smart enough that it could adjust the tooltip position based on the available space surrounding the tooltip .
Check out the demo .
MouseTip – This JavaScrtipt library will create a tooltip that ’ll move along the cursor position .
The tooltip is configured with a non-standard mousetip - attribute instead of using the HTML5 data- attribute .
Mousetip is available as an NPM module .
Internetips – Quite similar to MousetTip , the tooltip generated by this library follows the cursor position .
Everything is configured through the JavaScript Object instead of HTML and the attributes are also built for modern browsers .
It ’s lightweight and fast .
MTip – A JavaScript library for Tooltip with great browser compatibility .
It ’s compatible with IE8 , fully customizable through the Options , and you can add the Tooltip to any element even on an img ( an image element ) .
Bubblesee – a lightweight JavaScript library that provides a straightforward functionality of a “ tooltip ” .
It ’s easy to use JavaScript library without complicated options to customize the output .
A Sass file is provided if you ’d like to change the tooltip appearance .
Check out the demo .
Tipfy – Built with the modern JavaScript syntax , ES6 , Tipfy is just 2 KB in size .
The library provides two version of files : tipfy .
min.js providing the script with modern ES6 syntax , and tipfy .es5 .
min.js if you need compatibility with older browsers .
It uses data- attribute to customize the tooltip ; the data - tipfy - side , for example , is used to set the tooltip direction , and use data - tipfy - text attribute to add the tooltip content .
jQuery
Tooltipster –
This library provides extensive options to customize almost anything such as the theme , animation , touch - support , content , open - and - close trigger , etc .
It also provides custom event listener and callbacks allowing developers to extend the tooltip with custom functions .
Also , being a jQuery plugin , the tooltip would work in older browser like IE6 depending on the jQuery version being used .
Protip – Another extensive jQuery plugin , Protip supports 49 positions , HTML for the tooltip content , icon support , custom callbacks , and a lot more .
Protip provides a GUI allowing you to customize the tooltip with ease .
PowerTip –
This jQuery plugin also brings Options and APIs providing developers a number of different ways to implement the tooltips .
It supports keyboard navigation ; making the popup appear when navigating elements with the Tab keyboard .
PowereTip is available as an NPM module .
It can be used with RequireJS and Browserify .
Accessible Aria Tooltip – A jQuery plugin with Accessibility feature built - in , the tooltip is designed to display a dialog box with a title , multiline of text , and a close button .
It is one of its own on our list .
TipsJS – A simple jQuery plugin , yet it brings quite distinctive features .
The tooltip content is set with a data - tooltip attribute .
What ’s more is that we can also wrap the content with special characters to format the content similar to Markdown formatting .
We can use * to make the content bold , ~ for italic , and ^ for heading .
Dark Tooltip –
This library provides some really useful features to power up the tooltip .
For example , we can add a confirm button —
Yes and No , dim the background while the tooltip is displayed , and add HTML elements to the content .
I think you really should check out the demo page .
Aria Tooltip – Another tooltip with built - in Accessibility feature , this jQuery plugin is WAI - ARIA 1.1 compliant .
It is responsive in a way that you can provide different configurations for different viewport sizes .
Aria Tooltip is available as an NPM module named t- aria - tooltip .
Toolbar.js –
While the other jQuery plugin may only show simple text or HTML content within a tooltip , this jQuery plugin creates a toolbar .
The tooltip would contain two or more links with an icon that ’ll typically perform an action on click , like any toolbar .
Check out the documentation and examples .
VueJS
V - Tooltip – V - Tooltip is a Vue.js component powered by Popper.js under the hood .
It provides a new directive named v-tooltip which can be added to any element to create a tooltip .
The v-tooltip may contain the tooltip content or the Options .
Aside from the custom v-tooltip directive , you can also add the tooltip with the v-popover component .
With this component , you can add more complex content into the tooltip with Vue.js component or HTML .
Vue -Bulma Tooltip – A Vue.js component to create tooltip based on the Bulma UI Framework .
This library is part the component of Vue Bulma .
But , the tooltip component is available as an NPM module named vue - bulma - tooltip that you can use this as standalone components .
Vue -Directive - Tooltip – Overall it ’s similar to V - Tooltip component based on Popper.js and provides the same directive called v-tooltip .
However , it does not seem to provide the v-popover component .
Vue - Tippy – This library wraps Tippy.js into a Vue.js component .
It features a custom Vue.js directive called v-tippy that works like an HTML attribute ; we can add content for tooltip or the options to customize it .
It also renders a custom Vue.js component on the tooltip content using the html option .
VueJS - Popover – A custom Vue.js with a custom directive called v-popover and two custom components namely < popover > and < tooltip > providing flexibility for developers to add tooltips in Vue.js application .
Vue -Hint – A Vue.js plugin that wraps Hint.css .
The plugin features v-hint-css directive to add the tooltip .
It brings the same set of options as Hint.css , so you can add them as a JavaScript object or Vue.js modifier .
ReactJS
React Joyride – A React component to display a set of tooltips that ’ll guide new users to get familiar with your new application .
React Floater –
This library wraps Popper.js into a React component named Floater , so it has the same great features as Floater ’s .
You can add tooltip and popup , and you can also play around with this component through this sandbox .
React Autotip – A simple React component with the auto - positioning feature , eact Autotip will automatically adjust the position of the tooltip when the available space around it changes .
React Tippy – Built on top of Tippy.js and Popover.js .
This library introduces a Tooltip component that you can include in your React application .
React Hint – A React component extending Hint.css .
The components add a few features that are not available in Hint.css such as auto- position , delay , and a Callback function .
More
Ember Tooltips – An Ember.js component for creating tooltips , it is built on top of Popper.js .
The component is also designed with Accessibility in mind and keeps improving to comply with around 508 complience on this matter .
D3 Tip – a D3.js plugin .
D3.js is a JavaScript library for data visualization like charts , maps , diagrams , etc .
This plugin allows you to show tooltip on top of these data .
Faced with unfavorable odds in the presidential campaign , John McCain time and again finds a way to roll the dice .
On Wednesday , with polls showing the financial crisis eroding his standing , the Republican nominee did it again -- tearing up his campaign schedule and announcing he would return here to participate in congressional deliberations over a rescue plan .
He also called on his Democratic rival , Barack Obama , to postpone their Friday night debate and join his decision to pull down ads and halt fundraising until a deal is done -- an invitation Obama summarily rejected .
By evening , both candidates had decided to head back to Washington today to meet at the White House with President Bush and congressional leaders .
It was the culmination of a dizzying day of political one - upmanship that began when Obama placed an early - morning call to McCain in hopes of forging a joint statement of shared principles .
Advertisement
McCain ’s decision to up the ante was an audacious gambit to show leadership in a time of crisis .
It drew the same kind of attention McCain received when he picked Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin as his running mate and , earlier , when he retooled himself as an ally of oil drilling as gas prices soared .
Much like the Palin selection , Wednesday ’s decision was made hastily , with aides scrambling to cancel McCain ’s meetings and appearance on David Letterman ’s show .
And , like naming a running mate untested on the national stage , it carries risks :
Will voters view McCain ’s move as decisive , or unsteady , or even as an overtly partisan act to gain traction on an issue that he said Wednesday should transcend partisanship ?
“ He hopes to assume center stage in the economic discussion for the next two days , ” said Vin Weber , a Republican strategist and former congressman .
“ If he pulls it off , he ’ll get credit both for improving the plan to the benefit of taxpayers , and for assuring its passage and saving the economy . ”
Advertisement
Weber called it a “ high - risk but potentially brilliant move . ”
McCain ’s moves came after two weeks in which he had struggled to gain his footing on the Wall Street meltdown .
Democrats attacked him last week when he said the fundamentals of the economy were strong , while McCain , long an advocate of less government interference , tried to show support for stricter regulation .
As Washington confronted a crisis with its roots in the mismanagement of risk , it was unclear whether McCain ’s maneuvering would pay off .
He tried to postpone a presidential debate that tens of millions of Americans were likely to watch .
And when Obama said he would not accept the proposition , McCain risked appearing as though he was trying to wiggle out of a nationally televised debate that could have drawn added attention to an issue that many see as one of Obama ’s strengths .
Advertisement
A new Los Angeles Times / Bloomberg poll indicates that , by a 14 - point margin , voters believe Obama has better ideas for strengthening the economy .
It was not clear whether McCain would continue to insist on postponing the debate .
The Commission on Presidential Debates decided the first debate would proceed , leaving Obama aides to wonder whether viewers would be treated to a one - man show .
Obama , in a news conference , tried to turn the tables and suggest that McCain would “ suddenly infuse Capitol Hill with presidential politics . ”
And he seemed to mock him , saying that presidents “ are going to have to deal with more than one thing at a time .
It ’s not necessary for us to think that we can only do one thing and suspend everything else . ”
McCain faces an uncertain reception from Capitol Hill Republicans , who are divided over whether to side with an unpopular GOP president or stand against what many see as a big - government bailout .
Advertisement
By the time Bush finished his address to the nation late Wednesday , in which he warned of “ financial panic ” if a deal was not reached , it seemed that conditions would make it hard for McCain or Obama to capitalize on the crisis .
Republicans and Democrats called for cooperation to complete a deal within days .
After watching venerable Wall Street firms crumble after placing bad bets on risky mortgages , Washington ’s top politicians seemed to find their own version of a safe haven : a tacit agreement to spread the risk of forging a rescue plan just 40 days before a national election .
The day ’s head - spinning events began about 8:30 a.m. on the East Coast , when Obama , who was campaigning in Florida , called McCain in New York to suggest that the two rivals reach agreement on a joint statement of principles for any Wall Street bailout .
McCain was meeting with economic advisors , including former EBay Chief Executive Meg Whitman and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney .
Obama left a message with his phone number .
Advertisement
Later in the morning , Obama spent several hours in debate preparation at his hotel in Clearwater -- keeping a phone with him in case his opponent called .
At 2:30 p.m. , as Obama ’s motorcade left a rally near Clearwater , McCain returned the call , and the two spoke for five minutes ( according to Obama aides ) or 10 minutes ( according to McCain aides ) .
In the call , McCain urged Obama to join him in suspending the campaign , postponing the debate and returning to Washington .
And , his aides said , he told Obama he had urged Bush to convene a bipartisan meeting of congressional leaders and the presidential candidates , which the president eventually did much later in the day .
Obama said they should focus instead on crafting a joint statement .
Moments later , McCain ’s aides abruptly summoned reporters for an urgent announcement .
The candidate strode out and announced his bombshell .
“ It ’s time for both parties to come together to solve this problem , ” he said .
“ We must meet as Americans , not as Democrats or Republicans , and we must meet until this crisis is resolved . ”
Advertisement
The news created considerable confusion within McCain ’s campaign .
Anxious - looking aides muttered about chaos as events in battleground states drifted into limbo .
At a 5 p.m. news conference he called to respond , Obama said he was surprised by McCain ’s unilateral decision , but rejected his proposal to stopping campaigning .
“ It makes sense for us to present ourselves before the American people , ” he said , “ to talk about the nature of the problems we ’re having in our financial system and how it relates to our global standing in the world . ”
By night ’s end , the two candidates did issue a joint statement .
It called proposed bailout “ flawed , ” but added : “ This is a time to rise above politics for the good of the country . ”
Advertisement
But Letterman got in some of the last words on the day ’s events .
Irked that McCain had canceled , Letterman repeatedly criticized him on his hourlong show .
“ This just does n’t smell right .
This is not the way a tested hero behaves .
Somebody ’s putting something in his Metamucil , ” he said at one point , and later asked about the campaign : “ Are we suspending it because there ’s an economic crisis or because the poll numbers are sliding ? ”
--
peter.wallsten@latimes.com
Advertisement
peter.nicholas@latimes.com
Wallsten reported from Washington , Nicholas from Dunedin , Fla .
Times staff writers Bob Drogin and Matea Gold in New York , Janet Hook in Washington and Maeve Reston in Los Angeles contributed to this report .
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Advertisement
Joint statement from McCain , Obama
The American people are facing a moment of economic crisis .
No matter how this began , we all have a responsibility to work through it and restore confidence in our economy .
The jobs , savings and prosperity of the American people are at stake .
Now is a time to come together -- Democrats and Republicans -- in a spirit of cooperation for the sake of the American people .
The plan that has been submitted to Congress by the Bush administration is flawed , but the effort to protect the American economy must not fail .
This is a time to rise above politics for the good of the country .
We can not risk an economic catastrophe .
Now is our chance to come together to prove that Washington is once again capable of leading this country .
Marketshare is calculated from nearly 500 million daily page views across the 500,000 + web sites that use Clicky Web Analytics
I recently posted a short article on avoiding the use of dynamic controls in ASP .
NET ; for part 1 , please click here .
Part 1 demonstrated the basics of using a listview control to dynamically generate a table containing a number of textboxes , allowing the user to select how many textboxes are required at runtime .
This is the type of problem that is best solved without the use of dynamic controls , and part 1 explained why this is so .
This article will extend the code from part 1 , to show how to preserve the values of the textboxes between postbacks .
When you run the code from the original article , you will notice that any existing values entered into the textboxes are lost each time a new textbox is added .
This would make for a pretty user - unfriendly UI experience in a real - world application .
Luckily , the solution is straightforward .
The first change I have made is to alter the databinding methodology slightly , so that the listview is now bound to a collection of strings , rather than a collection of integers .
The integer collection served no purpose in the original article , other than to provide an IEnumerable implementation to databind to .
Now the datasource will actually be a data source : it will be used to track the textbox text values .
First off , a reminder of the original page markup , which will remain unchanged :
< asp:ListView ID = " lvDynamicTextboxes " runat = " server " ItemPlaceholderID = " itemPlaceholder " onitemdatabound =" lvDynamicTextboxes_ItemDataBound " > < LayoutTemplate > < table > < asp : PlaceHolder ID = " itemPlaceholder " runat = " server " ></ asp : PlaceHolder > </ table > </ LayoutTemplate > < ItemTemplate > < tr > < asp : TextBox ID = " txtText " runat = " server " > </ asp : TextBox > </ tr > </ ItemTemplate > </ asp : ListView > < br /> < asp :Button ID = " btnAddTextBox " runat = " server " Text = " Add " onclick = " btnAddTextBox_Click " />
The initial alteration I made was to add two methods for saving and retrieving the string collection which will be the new data source for the listview control :
private List < string > GetDataSource ( ) { List < string > dataSource = null ; if ( ViewState [ " DataSource " ] != null ) { dataSource = ( List < string >) ViewState [ " DataSource " ] ; } else { dataSource = new List < string >( ) ; dataSource .
Add ( string .
Empty ) ; ViewState [ " DataSource " ] = dataSource ; } return dataSource ; } private void SetDataSource ( List < string > dataSource ) { ViewState [ " DataSource " ] = dataSource ; }
I chose to use ViewState for persisting the collection , given that we are unlikely to be dealing with a large number of textboxes , so the collection size will remain fairly small .
Next up , I re-jigged the method which originally incremented the textbox count in ViewState , so that it increases the data source collection size by one instead :
private void IncrementTextboxCount ( ) { List < string > dataSource = this .
GetDataSource ( ) ; dataSource .
Add ( string .
Empty ) ; this .SetDataSource ( dataSource ) ; }
The next step was to create a method which persists the existing textbox values .
This is going to be called before rebinding the listview , and is the key method which will ensure the values are preserved :
private void UpdateDataSource ( ) { List < string > dataSource = new List < string >( ) ; foreach ( ListViewItem item in this .lvDynamicTextboxes .
Items ) { if ( item is ListViewDataItem ) { TextBox txt = ( TextBox )item . FindControl ( " txtText " ) ; dataSource .
Add( txt . Text ) ; } } this .SetDataSource ( dataSource ) ; }
The method above iterates through the ListView rows , identifying the data rows which contain the textboxes .
It then gets a reference to the textbox using FindControl , and stores the current text in the collection .
Finally , an event handler is added for the listview 's ItemDataBound event , which allows the textbox text to be set for each row in the data source , as it is being databound :
protected void lvDynamicTextboxes_ItemDataBound ( object sender , ListViewItemEventArgs e ) { if ( e. Item is ListViewDataItem ) { TextBox txt = ( TextBox ) e. Item.FindControl ( " txtText " ) ; txt. Text = ( ( ListViewDataItem ) e. Item ) .DataItem.ToString ( ) ; } }
The DataItem property of the ListViewDataItem contains a reference to the item in the datasource collection which is currently being databound .
As we are binding to a collection of strings , I simply call ToString ( ) on the dataitem , as we know this will be of string type ,
So , finally putting it all together we get :
protected void Page_Load ( object sender , EventArgs e ) { if (! Page .IsPostBack ) { this .
BindListView ( ) ; } } private void BindListView ( ) { // create an enumerable range based on the current count List < string > dataSource = this .
GetDataSource ( ) ; // bind the listview this .lvDynamicTextboxes.DataSource = dataSource ; this .lvDynamicTextboxes.DataBind( ) ; } private void UpdateDataSource ( ) { List < string > dataSource = new List < string >( ) ; foreach ( ListViewItem item in this .lvDynamicTextboxes .
Items ) { if ( item is ListViewDataItem ) { TextBox txt = ( TextBox )item . FindControl ( " txtText " ) ; dataSource .
Add( txt . Text ) ; } } this . SetDataSource ( dataSource ) ; } private void IncrementTextboxCount ( ) { List < string > dataSource = this .
GetDataSource ( ) ; dataSource .
Add ( string .
Empty ) ; this . SetDataSource ( dataSource ) ; } private List < string > GetDataSource ( ) { List < string > dataSource = null ; if ( ViewState [ " DataSource " ] != null ) { dataSource = ( List < string >) ViewState [ " DataSource " ] ; } else { dataSource = new List < string >( ) ; dataSource .
Add ( string .
Empty ) ; ViewState [ " DataSource " ] = dataSource ; } return dataSource ; } private void SetDataSource ( List < string > dataSource ) { ViewState [ " DataSource " ] = dataSource ; } protected void btnAddTextBox_Click ( object sender , EventArgs e ) { this .
UpdateDataSource ( ) ; this .
IncrementTextboxCount ( ) ; this .
BindListView ( ) ; } protected void lvDynamicTextboxes_ItemDataBound ( object sender , ListViewItemEventArgs e ) { if ( e. Item is ListViewDataItem ) { TextBox txt = ( TextBox ) e. Item.FindControl ( " txtText " ) ; txt. Text = ( ( ListViewDataItem ) e. Item ) .DataItem.ToString ( ) ; } }
And the page now not only allows the user to dynamically increase the number of textboxes displayed , but also preserves all existing values each time a new textbox is added .
You can download the full source code using the link at the top of the article .
Keating Connection : The Sequel
Created : October 10 , 2008 12:39 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Cindy McCain addresses the Republican National Convention .
( Wikimedia )
PHOENIX — Sen .
John McCain ’s wife and father - in - law continued a lucrative business partnership with disgraced financier Charles H. Keating Jr. for 11 years after the GOP presidential nominee said he ended his close friendship with Keating in March 1987 .
Cindy McCain ’s business partnership with Keating in a real - estate development between 1986 and 1998 netted her a tidy profit , in addition to years of significant tax benefits .
Her father , who died in 2000 , earned similar returns .
Illustration by : Matt Mahurin
McCain ’s campaign and his Senate office did not respond to repeated phone calls and emails concerning Cindy McCain ’s investment with Keating .
McCain and his wife file separate tax returns and signed a pre-nuptial agreement before their marriage in May 1980 .
Cindy McCain owns one of the nation ’s largest beer distributorships , Hensley & Company .
On Monday , McCain ’s attorney , John Dowd , said in a conference call with reporters that McCain was not aware of his wife ’s and father - in - law ’s investment with Keating at the time it was made .
“ John was unconnected to that and unaware of it at the time and did not participate in it , ” Dowd said .
However , during the Keating Five Senate Ethics Committee hearings in 1990 - 91 , McCain testified that he was aware of the family investment with Keating in early 1986 .
Under questioning from Dowd , McCain said he learned of the investment from a Hensley & Co. executive .
“ I was told … they were going to invest in a shopping center and that the investment –- the project — was being put together by a subsidiary of American Continental , ” McCain told the ethics committee .
“ He [ the executive ] later told me that had happened .
And I had no interest in it and just noted in passing that this investment took place . ”
The GOP presidential candidate writes in one memoir that a turbulent 30 - minute verbal altercation in his Senate office on March 24 , 1987 , ended his six - year friendship with Keating .
The argument began after McCain heard from another senator that Keating had called him “ a wimp . ”
“ We never met again , ” McCain wrote in his 2002 memoir , “ Worth the Fighting For . ” “ I never had another conversation with him . ”
The rupture in their personal relationship , however , did n’t stop McCain from attending two meetings the next month with federal banking regulators at Keating ’s insistence .
McCain ’s attendance at the April meetings nearly halted his political career .
The Senate Ethics Committee , which investigated McCain ’s actions on behalf of Keating , who was seeking regulatory relief for his savings and loan business , found that McCain used “ poor judgment ” in his dealings with Keating .
Nor did the end of McCain ’s relationship with Keating affect his immediate family ’s business relationship with the financier .
Cindy McCain and her father , James Hensley , remained investors in the Keating real - estate partnership that included a north Phoenix shopping center .
The center sold in July 1998 for $ 15.4 million .
Their business relationship with Keating began April 15 , 1986 , when the two bought an 8 percent stake in Fountain Square Associates Ltd. Partnership .
Cindy McCain and her father made the $ 359,100 investment through Western Leasing Co. , a partnership they jointly owned .
Fountain Square Associates was structured as a tax shelter for wealthy investors .
Its only asset was the Phoenix shopping center , which was built by another Keating - controlled company .
The shelter allowed investors to use real - estate depreciation as a tax deduction , a provision later banned by Congress .
The Fountain Square Associates ’ prospectus promised investors a 37 percent annual return on their investment .
Cindy McCain and Hensley were among 54 investors in the partnership , most of whom were Keating employees and associates .
Western Leasing purchased six shares in the partnership , Keating bought two and most of the remaining investors one share or less .
Each share sold for $ 59,850 .
Fountain Square Associates ’ general partner , which oversaw daily operations , was American Continental Resources Corp. , a subsidiary of Keating ’s Phoenix - based American Continental Corp .
American Continental also owned Lincoln Savings & Loan , the thrift that Keating asked McCain and the four other senators to protect from regulators .
In 1989 , American Continental filed for bankruptcy , leaving more than 23,000 investors holding worthless bonds .
Many bondholders were elderly and thought thought their investments were insured because Keating had sold them at federally insured Lincoln Savings branches .
Keating was convicted on 73 counts of bankruptcy and wire fraud in 1993 , and sentenced to 12 years in federal prison .
Four years later , his conviction was overturned on a technicality .
In 1999 , Keating pleaded guilty to four counts of fraud and was sentenced to time served .
Despite the bankruptcy , American Continental Resources managed to keep control of the shopping center owned by Fountain Square Associates , which allowed Cindy McCain and Hensley to take advantage of its tax breaks .
After the shopping center sold , McCain ’s 1998 Senate financial disclosure statement reported under “ unearned income ” that his wife made between $ 100,001 and $ 1 million on the sale of the property .
In previous years , McCain ’s financial statements had valued the Fountain Square partnership at less than $ 1,000 , generating income of less than $ 200 .
In 1998 , Cindy McCain held millions of dollars worth of assets in stocks , municipal bonds and other securities , including a partnership share worth at least $ 1 million in the Arizona Diamondbacks .
She also had investments in two other real estate projects , each worth at least $ 1 million , including a master planned community in Yuma , Ariz . , and 160 acres of undeveloped property in Mesa , Ariz .
The same year , Cindy McCain also owed more than $ 1 million to a Phoenix bank , and had more than $ 200,000 in loans from the family ’s beer distributorship .
Sen .
McCain ’s only income in 1998 , besides his Senate salary , was his $ 49,688 Navy pension .
He also listed three bank accounts totaling less than $ 31,000 .
He reported no liabilities .
The Fountain Square sale generated the second largest amount of income from Cindy McCain ’s array of investments in 1998 , according to Sen. McCain ’s financial disclosure statement .
Only dividends from Cindy McCain ’s investment in Hensley & Company stock , which exceeded $ 1 million , generated more income .
Cindy McCain ’s and Hensley ’s 1986 investment in Fountain Square earned the father and daughter team a nice return .
Its greater value to the family , however , may have had more to do with politics than money .
Their investment was made the same year that McCain was running for the Senate seat held by the retiring Barry M. Goldwater .
Keating and his employees contributed more than $ 50,000 to McCain ’s campaign , bringing their total contributions to McCain since 1982 to at least $ 112,000 .
oh you have to be shitting me .
level - 5 wins !
first dragon quest , then something original and infinitely interesting ( white knight ) , now ghibli .
this is seriously it .
now they kinda need to make a uhh .
ghibli game for the PS3 or xbox .
seriously , a ghibli PS3 game by level - 5 would be great .
it does n't even matter what it is !
me and my friend , the other day , were talking about how jaw - droppingly amazingly terrible it is that in japan , where a paragon of artistic conscience like studio ghibli exists , no one else in the entertainment industry tries to emulate their aesthetic ( or at least their attention to detail ) .
level - 5 is coming close with white knight story — i say this without having played it more than ten minutes at last year 's TGS — and professor layton sure was successful enough .
so i vigorously wish them luck .
that giant statue named " square - enix " will be pushed over by a seething mob in no time .
here 's hoping for an announcement after dragon quest ix is released re : yuji horii quitting square - enix and joining level - 5 .
alternate comment :
i reckon this game will be more popular than jade cocoon was on the PSOne .
The presidential race is tightening , that ’s been the dialogue over the past week or so , but is it true ?
According to Pew Research , not at all .
The latest poll has to be quite the barbiturate to the hopes of the McCain campaign that has been touting some recent polls as evidence that the race may be breaking Senator McCain ’s way .
Those polls did show a very slight movement , but so insignificant as to not statistically show anything .
The Pew poll shows a very statistically significant movement , and not in the way McCain ’s lobbyist pundits were hoping for .
The October 16 through 19 poll was released today , polling over 2,500 registered voters .
The results are stunning , so please make sure that you are sitting .
Ready ?
Senator Obama now leads Senator McCain by 14 percentage points , 52 percent to 38 percent .
You read that right , the Pew Research poll , one of the most extensive and most trusted polls in the business shows a lead of 14 percent .
The poll is more in depth than most , also delving into the perceptions of individuals on subjects such as the the way the campaigns have been run , who they trust more with individual issues , and gives a full demographic and psychographic profiles of those that they polled .
It is certainly one of the more interesting reports to read if you are into geeky stuff , like I am .
Here ’s a brief breakdown :
Pew Research Poll Oct. 16-19 Your Choice for President ?
Senator Obama 52 % Senator McCain 38 % Other / Undecided 10 % Best Handle Economy ?
Senator Obama 53 % Senator McCain 32 % Best Handle Iraq ?
Senator Obama 48 % Senator McCain 42 % Other / Undecided Inspiring ?
Senator Obama 71 % Senator McCain 37 % Too Negative ?
Senator Obama 26 % Senator McCain 56 %
Two weeks out , and the race now looks to be widening .
I expect Senator McCain to tone down his hateful scorn within a few days , and attempt to make nice .
It wo n’t work .
At this point , he ’s burned every bridge , ticked off every Democrat and half the Republicans , and I would n’t expect him to be received well ( if he ever really was ) in the Senate chamber .
We ’ve discussed some tactics to get your company better engaged with social media .
Lest you think there ’s a limit to how you can connect with business and customer facing audiences , we ’ve assembled this list of more than 35 companies who are experimenting with social media in a host of different ways .
This list is by no means exhaustive , and it represents a wide variety of businesses , industries and social media tools .
As you can see , engagement takes many forms .
Some are likely to generate more discussions with the company while others might result better connections between customers .
Some will fade away over the next 6 - 12 months while others will continue to grow and evolve .
There are no rules to what form your engagement has to take .
Look at your company , identify its strengths , what types of conversations energize employees and determine how you can best grow / shape / build / join your own community .
If you have other examples of corporate social media engagement , please share them in the comments .
Blendtec is famous for its bevy of inexpensive “ Will It Blend ” videos posted on YouTube and shared by millions .
Adobe maintains a list of interesting company related websites and conversations on the social bookmarking site Delicious .
Best Western sponsors a blog ,
“ On the Go with Amy , ” where the author travels the country writing about her experiences .
Cadence recently relaunched its website that now prominently promotes the company ’s community .
Cisco hosts 12 blogs addressing a variety of audiences for their global business .
Coca -Cola Conversations is a blog written by company historian Phil Mooney that focuses on Coke collectibles .
Dell leverages a variety of social media platforms for customer engagement , including an island in the virtual world of Second Life .
Ford publishes news releases with lots of multimedia content and employs a social media news release format to display them in their newsroom .
Fujifilm recently launched a social network to build a community of photo enthusiasts around its newest camera .
GM uses blogs to communicate directly with its customers around topics ranging from design to green tech .
H&R Block created a Facebook fan site to aggregate its social media activities , engage customers and offer tax advice / resources .
HP used Twitter to power a scavenger hunt at a recent conference .
HSBC built the HSBC Business Network to connect entrepreneurs using blogs , videos and forums .
IBM was the first large enterprise to embrace employee blogging and now boasts thousands of blogs related to every facet of its business .
Intel has also developed many social media touch points with its software communities , which includes blogs , Twitter and virtual worlds .
Intuit sponsors the Tax Almanac wiki , where anyone can find and contribute to this resource for tax information .
Jeep connects with customers via a community page with links to photos on Flickr , the company ’s MySpace and Facebook pages and a list enthusiast groups .
JetBlue employs social media as part of its training for JetBlue University , as this video explains .
Johnson & Johnson uses this blog to show another side of the company , with frequent video posts and interviews .
Lenovo launched “ Voices of the Olympics Games ” to aggregate posts from the athletes competing in Beijing .
Marriott CEO
Bill Marriott posts regular updates and stories from his travels to Marriott properties around the world to fuel the content for this entertaining blog .
McDonalds maintains a blog to highlight the company ’s corporate social responsibility efforts .
National Geographic uses Google ’s new virtual world , Lively , to bring people together around its new show , LA Hard Hats .
New York Times is beta testing a Firefox add - on that allows users to share and comment on stories through a decentralized social network .
Nike started a social community on Loopd to connect athletes interested in surfing , BMX bike racing and similar activities with the brand .
SAP sponsored a global survey of social media professionals to learn more about social media worldwide .
Sears partnered with MTV to create a social network around Back to School shopping .
Southwest Airlines employees share their stories and communicate directly with customers through the “ Nuts About Southwest ” blog .
Sun CEO Jonathan Schwartz 's blog is the example most often cited for what the CEO blog can be .
Starbucks started MyStarbucks Idea so that customers can submit ideas for the company which are then voted on by other users , the best of which will be implemented by the company .
Toyota started its own virtual world to promote its products in Japan ( site is in Japanese ) .
Visa launched The Visa Business Network application on Facebook to connect small business users and to help them promote their businesses to a larger community .
Wells - Fargo blogs target two audiences ; one examines the company ’s history and the other is for students interested in getting their finances in order .
WWE has a Facebook application , among other social networking tools and widgets , to bring fans closer to the action .
Xerox blogs address several of the company ’s core B2B constituencies .
Zappos uses Twitter for employees to communicate with Zappos customers about their shared love of footwear .
[ Disclosure : Aaron Uhrmacher works with several Fortune 1000 companies , some of which are included in this list . ]
Aaron Uhrmacher is a social media consultant at Text 100 Public Relations .
In addition to his posts for Mashable , he blogs at : www.disruptology.com.
Gray Codes
Posted September 2008 .
What can we learn from a mathematical point of view from the kinds of examples we are considering , listing mathematical objects in a list in such a way that adjacent objects in the list are close to each other ?...
Joseph Malkevitch
York College ( CUNY )
malkevitch at york.cuny.edu
Counting permutations
How many ways are there to take three letters a , b , c and arrange them in different ordered strings ?
abc
acb
bac
bca
cab
cba
The list above shows all of the six possible different strings .
The strings are listed the way they would be in a dictionary , where words that start with a come before those that start with b , and these in turn come before those that start with c .
Which word , able or alert , comes first in the dictionary ?
Since both words start with a we have a tie , so we look at the letter in the second position .
Since b comes before l , we list able before alert .
This approach to ordering strings is known as lexicographical ordering .
It begins with a system for an ordering of alphabetical strings of length 1 and extends to order strings of any length .
Note that to carry such a process one has to know the " ordering " for the letters in the alphabet .
Thus , if one has the four - symbol " alphabet " a , A , b , B , one might want to consider the lexicographical order for these 4 symbols to be a , b , A , B or a , A , b , B .
Using the ordering a , A , b , B , the legicographical ordering of strings of symbols of length two without repeats would be :
aA
ab
aB
Aa
Ab
AB
ba
bA
bB
Ba
BA
Bb
while with the ordering a , b , A , B we would have :
ab
aA
aB
ba
bA
bB
Aa
Ab
AB
Ba
Bb
BA
Mathematics often involves giving precise definitions of terminology and looking at the consequences of those definitions subject to various rules .
Often this offers novel approaches to objects that one thought were familiar territory .
Part of the interest in enumerating the starting collection of strings , which can be thought of as the permutations of three symbols -- all the different ways to arrange three symbols where order matters -- is because there are so many different situations where they arise .
For example , there are 6 different ballots that a voter can produce when three candidates are ranked without ties .
Alternatively , these strings are the different " passwords " or " pins " that can be created with exactly 3 fixed letters , where no letter can be repeated .
Distance between strings
However , there is a different point of view about this list of strings .
We can ask if there is some way to measure how much alike or different the two strings are .
We can try to determine a distance between strings .
If two strings have the same length , we can find the Hamming distance between the two strings .
The name for this distance honors the American mathematician Richard Hamming .
( Richard Hamming )
Hamming distance is the number of " columns " ( positions ) the two strings differ in , if the strings appear one on top of the other .
Thus , bleak and sneak differ in two positions .
To see this more clearly , here are the words arranged one above the other :
sneak
bleak
The two strings differ in columns one and two , so they have Hamming distance 2 .
If we compute the Hamming distance between the consecutive rows of our initial list and , when we get to the bottom of the list , think of the list as " cyclic , " that is , returning to the start , or first row , and compute that Hamming distance as well , we get the total sum of distances between rows of 15 .
Is this the smallest possible total that can be obtained ?
No !
Since the strings have distinct symbols , the smallest number of changes between two consecutive strings must be 2 .
In the sequence list below , the Hamming distance between two consecutive strings , including the first and last string , is two .
Hence , this must be an ordering where the sum of the consecutive distances ( including the top and bottom strings ) is a minimum .
The minimum value is 12 .
abc
bac
bca
cba
cab
acb
Hamiltonian circuits
We can get a different insight here by using some graph theory , a geometric tool involving drawing pictures with dots and lines .
We will represent each string of length 3 by a vertex ( dot ) of the graph and join two vertices by a line segment ( edge ) if and only if the strings differ in exactly two positions .
This graph has exactly 6 vertices and is quite symmetric because of the way it is defined .
All of the vertices have exactly 3 edges at a vertex ( that is , they are 3 - valent ) .
It turns out this graph is isomorphic to the graph K 3,3 , the complete bipartite graph with 3 vertices .
( We have two sets of size three , and there are edges from each vertex in one of the sets to all of the vertices in the other set . )
This graph turns out to be one of the two graphs whose " presence " in a graph prevents the graph from being embedded ( drawn ) in the plane so that edges meet only at vertices .
The location in the " center " of the hexagonal region in Figure 1 , where three edges appear to meet , is not a vertex of the graph which has been drawn .
This intersection point arises by " accident " as a consequence of the way the graph has been drawn on a flat surface .
Figure 1
In the graph theory context , the sequence of triples we found above , which minimizes the total Hamming distance when they are listed in " cyclic order , " corresponds to the fact that there is a tour of the vertices of the graph in Figure 1 which starts and ends at the same vertex and visits each vertex once and only once .
Such a tour is known as a Hamiltonian circuit .
William Rowan Hamilton called attention to this concept , though as often is the case , he appears not to have been the first to do so .
( William Rowan Hamilton )
Earlier than Hamilton the British cleric Thomas Penyngton Kirkman wrote on the topic of what has now come to be called graph theory and discussed the concept of finding a circuit of vertices in a graph which visited each vertex once and only once .
( Thomas Penyngton Kirkman )
The fact that Kirkman contributed to mathematics without earning his living by doing mathematics illustrates something that is true to the present day .
One can enjoy and contribute to mathematics as an " amateur " if one has the interest , time and passion .
Returning to the issue of listing all the triples on three symbols from the point of view of ordering triples so as to minimize the total Hamming distance when moving cyclically from one trip to the next , I have drawn in Figures 2 , 3 , and 4 some Hamiltonian circuits of the graph which appears in Figure 1 .
These Hamiltonian circuits use different edges of the graph in Figure 1 but it is natural to ask if there is a symmetry of the graph in Figure 1 which will transform one of these Hamiltonian circuits into another .
Figure 2
Figure 3
Figure 4
To make the point clearer , in Figures 5 , 6 , and 7 of the same graph below , the Hamiltonian circuits in the first two can be thought of as the same , even though they use different edges .
However , the Hamiltonian circuits in the second and third are considered different , for reasons other than that they have different edges .
Figure 5
Figure 6
Figure 7
Gray codes
What can we learn from a mathematical point of view from the kinds of examples we have been considering , listing mathematical objects in a list in such a way that adjacent objects in the list are close to each other ?
There are many combinatorial objects for which it is interesting to enumerate ( find the total count ) and then write them down in some systematic and efficient way .
Problems of this kind are now sometimes referred to as " Gray Code " problems .
This comes from a particular exciting and interesting example of this kind of problem , and is the one in which the notation was originally developed .
What are the binary strings of length n which differ in exactly one position ?
Clearly , one can think of these as the coordinates of the vertices of a d-dimensional cube .
In the diagram below , showing a fairly traditional view on a piece of paper of a 3 - dimensional cube , the face of the cube at the bottom has all of its third coordinates 0 while the face on the top has all its first coordinates 1 .
It is easy to verify that this diagram has as its coordinate strings all binary sequences of length 3 .
Figure 8
If one wants to obtain a 4 - dimensional cube , one can paste together two copies of a 3 - cube by adding line segments between corresponding vertices .
One can add zeros to the strings in the 4th position for one of the two copies and ones for the other copy in the fourth position .
This will guarantee that one gets all strings of length 4 and that all the new strings are distinct .
Can you see how to label the two component cubes of the 4 - cube in Figure 9 with the sixteen binary sequences of length 4 so that each pair of vertices joined by an edge has Hamming distance 1 ?
Figure 9
To find a cyclic list of the binary sequences of length n in which consecutive entries in the list differ in only one position , find a Hamiltonian circuit in the graph of the n-cube .
It is not difficult to see that such a Hamiltonian circuit exists because we can use the idea that made it possible to construct an n-cube by joining corresponding vertices of two ( n - 1 ) cubes .
The notion of arranging a collection of objects ( e.g. sequences , trees , partitions ) in a cyclic order in such a manner that the number of changes to go between consecutive objects in the sequence is a minimum has come to be known as a " Gray code . "
The name refers to Frank Gray , an engineer who spent a sizable part of his career at Bell Laboratories .
Workers at Bell Labs , although often not themselves " mathematicians , " have made many important contributions to mathematics .
Gray received a doctorate degree from the University of Wisconsin ( Madison ) in 1916 , and before his involvement with Bell Labs worked for the Western Electric Company .
In addition to his work on the codes which bear his name , Gray ( pictured below ) also was a pioneer in the development of television .
Gray in fact obtained a patent ( granted in 1953 but applied for considerably earlier ) for ideas involving his code which minimized the number of changes for a cyclic listing of the binary strings of length n .
The code that he developed is often now referred to as the reflected Gray code .
Here is a description of how this works .
Suppose one wants to construct the reflected Gray code for strings of binary sequences of length n , where one already has a solution for strings of order n- 1 in the reflected Gray code form .
Gray gave a construction to do this .
The idea is to take the solution for ( n - 1 ) and add a 0 to all the strings on the left ( as a prefix ) .
Now take the strings and list them in reverse order but preface each with a 1 .
For strings of length 1 , we have the strings :
0 and 1
Note that these strings listed in reverse are 1 and 0 .
Placing a zero in front of 0 and 1 we get 00 , 01 , and a 1 in front of 1 and 0 we get 11 and 10 .
Thus , we get the four strings :
00
01
11
10
Note the one - digit change between each row and between the last row and the first row .
Below ( Figure 10 ) you can see how to visualize what is going on using a Hamiltonian circuit on the 2 - cube .
Figure 10
Here is another iteration of the process :
We have the strings :
00 , 01 , 11 , and 10 and in reverse order 10 , 11 , 01 , 00 .
Now prefix 0 prior to the first 4 strings and 1 prior to the last four :
000 , 001 , 011 , 010 and 110 , 111 , 101 , 100 .
We get a list of the 8 binary strings of length 3 .
Again , we can interpret this as a Hamiltonian circuit on a 3 - cube ( Figure 11 ) .
Figure 11
There are other Hamiltonian circuits on the 3 - cube such as the one below ( Figure 12 ) which shows an alternative ordering of the binary sequence of length 3 which can serve as a Gray code .
Figure 12
Once the mathematics community became aware of the spirit of a Gray code problem ( i.e. given a collection of objects X , list them in a fashion where the total " distance " between moving between consecutive items in X so that the sum of the distances between the items arranged in a cyclic sequence is small as possible ) , researchers began looking for :
a. Gray codes for other combinatorial objects besides binary sequences of length n
b. applications of Gray codes to new settings in areas outside of mathematics .
Among the applications of Gray codes is analog - to - digital conversion , goniometers ( devices for angle measurement ) , construction of various codes based on the Gray codes , and control mechanisms in communications theory .
Moving mathematical ideas into a new domain comes along relatively rarely , and deep ideas that are simple to explain are more rare .
However , this does not mean that people who transfer an innovative new idea into an allied area or new area get " free lunch . "
As a new idea is applied in additional settings , the problems attacked often become more and more difficult and variations evolve which are very challenging .
Such is the case with Gray code problems .
We know that the number of binary sequences of length n is 2n .
Furthermore , if we construct a graph whose vertices represent binary sequences and where vertices are joined by an edge if they are Hamming distance one apart , we get a very elegant object , namely the n-cube .
However , many Gray code problems " live " in a more subtle environment .
For example , let us consider another fascinating circle of ideas , this time from the domain of number theory .
Suppose we are given a positive integer n , say for example 4 .
What are the ways of writing 4 as the sum of one or more positive integers ?
For 4 , a list of such choices appears below :
4
3 , 1
2 , 2
2 , 1 , 1
1 , 1 , 1 , 1
Note that we are not interested in considering different arrangements of the terms making up the " list " as different , and hence , 2 , 1 , 1 is considered the same as 1 , 2 , 1 .
The numbers such as 3 and 1 are known as a partition of 4 , and the list above enumerates all of the partitions of 4 .
These partitions are listed with largest part first down to the smallest part .
Note that if one regards this as a cyclic sequence there is a " large distance " between the number of parts in row 1 and the number of parts in row 5 .
Note also that we cannot use Hamming distance here to find the distance between two rows because the strings in the different rows need not have the same length and Hamming distance can only be used for strings that have the same length .
( However , there is a way to enumerate the partitions of n in a way that makes the listing into a Gray code problem . )
Using ideas related to the partitions of the number 4 , the geometer Branko Grünbaum was able to find a novel way of classifying convex plane quadrilaterals which has led to a variety of new directions for problems in elementary geometry .
Innovative mathematical ideas have a life of their own .
Frank Gray 's ideas about how to code binary sequences is but one of many examples .
References :
Barnes , T. and C. Savage , Efficient generation of graphical partitions , Discrete Applied Math. , 78 ( 1997 ) 17 - 26 .
Bhat , G. and C. Savage , Balanced Gray codes , Electronic J. Comb. , 3 ( 1996 ) .
Buck , M. and D. Wiedemann , Gray codes and restricted density , Discrete Math. , 48 ( 1984 ) 19 - 29 .
Chang , C. and R. Lee , M. Du , Symbolic
Gray code as a perfect multiattribute hashing scheme for partial match queries , IEEE Trans .
Software Eng. , 8 ( 1982 ) 235-249 .
Etzion , T. and K. Patterson , Near optimal single track Gray codes , IEEE Trans. on Information Theory , 42 ( 1996 ) 779-789 .
Flajolet , P. and L. Ramshaw , A note on Gray code and odd - even merge , SIAM J. Comput. , 9 ( 1980 ) 142-158 .
Fredman , M. , Observations on the complexity of generating quasi-Gray Codes , SIAM J. Comput. , 7 ( 1978 ) 134-146 .
Gilbert , E. , Gray codes and paths on the n-cube , Bell System Tech .
J. , 37 ( 1958 ) 815-826 .
Grünbaum , B. ,
The angle - side reciprocity of quadrangles , Geombinatorics , 4 ( 1995 ) 115-118 .
Hamming , R. , Coding and Information Theory , Prentice - Hall , Englewood Cliffs , N.J. , 1980 .
Joichi , J. and D. White , Gray codes in graphs of subsets , Discrete Math. , 31 ( 1980 ) 29 - 41 .
Joichi , and D. White , S. Williamson , Combinatorial Gray codes , SIAM J. Comput. , 9 ( 1980 ) 130-141 .
Kaye , R. , a Gray code for set partitions , Inform .
Process .
Lett. , 5 ( 1976 ) 171-173 .
Killian , C. and C. Savage , Antipodal Gray codes , Discrete Math. , 281 ( 2004 ) 221-236 .
Klingsberg , P. , a Gray code for compositions , J. Algorithms , 3 ( 1982 ) 41 - 44 .
Luneberg , H. , Abh. Math .
Sem. Univ. Hamburg , 52 ( 1982 ) 208-227 .
Prodinger , Nonrepetitive sequences and Gray code , Discrete Math. , 43 ( 1983 ) 113-116 .
Proskurowski , A. and Frank Ruskey , Binary tree Gray codes , J. Algorithms , 6 ( 1985 ) 225-238 .
Ruskey , F. and T .
Hu , Generating binary trees lexicographically , SIAM J. Comput. , 6 , ( 1977 ) 745-758 .
Ruskey , F. and C. Savage , Gray codes for set partitions and restricted growth tails , Australasian J. of Comb. , 10 ( 1994 ) 85 -96 .
Ruskey , F. and C. Savage , A Gray code for combinations of a multiset , European J. of Combinatorics , 17 ( 1996 ) 493-500 .
Ruskey , F. and C. Savage , T. Wang , Generating necklaces , J. of Algorithms , 13 ( 1992 ) 414-430 .
Savage , C. , Gray code sequences of partitions , J. of Algorithms , 10 ( 1989 ) 577-595 .
Savage , C. , Generating permutations with k- differences , SIAM J. Discrete Math. , 3 ( 1990 ) 561-573 .
Savage , C. , A survey of combinatorial gray codes , 39 ( 1997 ) 605-629 .
Sedgewick , R. , Permutation generation methods , Computing Surveys , 9 ( 1977 ) 137-164 .
Shama , B. and R. Khanna ,
On m-ary Gray codes , Inform .
Sci. , 15 ( 1978 ) 31 -43 .
Slater , P. , Generating all permutations by graphical transpositions , Ars Combinatoria , 5 ( 1978 ) 219-225 .
Suparata , I. and A. Van Zanten , A construction of Gray codes inducing complete graphs , Discrete Math .
308 ( 2008 )
Wang , M. , An algorithm for Gray - to - binary conversion , IEEE Trans .
Computers , 15 ( 1966 ) 659-660 .
Wilf , H. Combinatorial Algorithms , SIAM , Philadelphia , 1989 .
Yuen , C. , The separability of Gray codes , IEEE Trans .
Inform .
Theory , 20 ( 1974 ) 668 .
Joseph Malkevitch
York College ( CUNY )
malkevitch at york.cuny.edu
Those who can access JSTOR can find some of the papers mentioned above there .
For those with access , the American Mathematical Society 's MathSciNet can be used to get additional bibliographic information and reviews of some these materials .
Some of the items above can be accessed via the ACM Portal , which also provides bibliographic services .
Obama mocks McCain 's plan to fire SEC chairman Associated Press
Published : Thursday September 18 , 2008
Print This Email This ESPANOLA , N.M. ( AP ) -- Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama promised new ideas Thursday to calm America 's financial meltdown and help struggling families avoid mortgage foreclosure , saying that " this is not a time for fear , it 's not a time for panic . "
Obama also heaped criticism and sarcasm on Republican rival John McCain and mocked his promise to fire the head of the Securities and Exchange Commission if elected president .
" I think that 's all fine and good but here 's what I think , " Obama said .
" In the next 47 days you can fire the whole trickle - down , on - your - own , look - the - other way crowd in Washington who has led us down this disastrous path .
" Do n't just get rid of one guy .
Get rid of this administration , " he said .
" Get rid of this philosophy .
Get rid of the do - nothing approach to our economic problem and put somebody in there who 's going to fight for you . "
Read the rest ...
By Daniel Ritchie
Ever heard of a logical fallacy ?
This is utterly disgraceful and indicative of the desperation and low - brow Republican campaign .
This line of attack is lower than demagoguery , it is malicious slander that has no place in decent human behavior .
I am truly ashamed that this can take place .
Palin cannot hold her own in a reasoned debate because she knows nothing , rather she spews forth this trash from her mouth that would be bold even for the ' newspapers ' found at the supermarket check - outs .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
The Link to the referred to Times article : http://www.nytimes.com/2008/10/04/us/politics/04ayers.html?pagewanted=1&_r=1&sq=Obama%20Terrorist&st=cse&scp=2
