All God's Words
The Bible as it was written
news Over Time , How Fairly Have TTC Fares Fared ?
As anticipated by transit watchers , the TTC is proposing an across - the - board fare hike , effective January 3 , 2010 .
That hike , to be decided on at the commission ’s November 17 meeting , would see adult cash fares rise from $ 2.75 to $ 3.00 , tokens rise from $ 2.25 to $ 2.50 , and adult Metropasses jump from $ 109 to $ 126 .
A full list of the proposed changes are here ; the immediate reasons for them are — as they always are — myriad .
( The Star and Globe both take a look at some of them . )
Of course , this fare increase is only the latest in a long line of them .
Since 1980 , there have been twenty - one hikes — a set of six adult tickets purchased on January 1 , 1980 cost a total of $ 3 ; an adult Metropass , when it was introduced later that year , was $ 26 .
The chart above tracks the ever - changing cost of a TTC adult fare , as it was on June 1 of each year from 1980 until now ( using statistics collected on Mike Vainchtein ’s Transit Stop ) .
Save for a few spots — like the comparatively massive increase to the cost of a cash fare in 1992 — the increases have been steady , and in the case of ticket or token costs when purchased in larger numbers , almost entirely predictable .
For a related metric , the far less consistent and infinitely less predictable black line in the chart above is the average cost of regular unleaded gas , per litre , from full service filling stations in Toronto for the month of June of each year ( from data by Statistics Canada ’s CANSIM database ) .
Though TTC fares and gas prices are affected by a number of different variables and set for different reasons — both are subsidized in different ways and determined by different organizations with different interests and different demands on them — there ’s no doubt that gas prices are growing less quickly than TTC fares are , even if on the TTC it ’d still only take you the equivalent of two and a half litres of unleaded to get from Queen East and Woodbine to Finch and Steeles .
As usual with statistics , though , it ’s not the raw but the relative year - to - year statistics that give a more accurate impression .
So , adjusted for inflation , easy enough to determine using the Bank of Canada ’s online inflation calculator , how ’s the TTC doing ?
Well , that depends .
TTC fares have risen and are still rising year - to - year at a rate greater and greater than inflation is .
( Gas ?
Doing great until recently ! )
For an ever - growing transit system that is ever - absent of adequate government funding and that individual riders pay an ever - disproportionate share to use each trip , though , it ’s a trend that wo n’t be bucked any time soon .
Riders who are angry about yet another fare increase — ” Really ?
REALLY ?
We are supposed to be moving away from cars towards public transit , this kind of move makes me never wnat [ sic ] to ride the TTC again , ” one rider complained in the Star ‘s comments — might be well off asking themselves what their $ 2.50 will be getting them in 2010 that their equivalent of $ 1.48 in 1991 would n’t have then .
All charts by David Topping / Torontoist .
Keeping a solider alive long enough to reach hospital ( Image : Roberto Schmidt )
A LUCKY few seem to be able to laugh in the face of death , surviving massive blood loss and injuries that would kill others .
Now a drug has been found that might turn virtually any injured person into a “ super - survivor ” , by preventing certain biological mechanisms from shutting down .
The drug has so far only been tested in animals .
If it has a similar effect in humans , it could vastly improve survival from horrific injuries , particularly in soldiers , by allowing them to live long enough to make it to …
Rules Police Must Have Warrant to Search Cell Phones
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : media@aclu.org
COLUMBUS - The American Civil Liberties Union of Ohio says the ruling issued today by the Ohio Supreme Court in the case of State v. Smith has enhanced the privacy rights of Ohioans .
In a first of its kind ruling , the Court said that law enforcement officials must have a warrant in order to search the contents of someone 's cell phone when seized during arrest .
In addition , the Court recognized that modern cell phones contain a great deal of personal information and users have a high expectation of privacy .
ACLU of Ohio Staff Counsel Carrie Davis said , " Today 's decision by the Ohio Supreme Court has affirmed that even with changes in technology , we do not sacrifice our core civil liberties .
Oftentimes , the law fails to keep up with the fast pace of technology , but this decision lays the groundwork for greater privacy protections as the digital age advances . "
" The modern cell phone is often not used simply to make and receive calls — many people use them to access the internet , manage finances , house personal photos , catalogue personal contact information and a host of other functions .
The Court clearly holds that law enforcement cannot go on " fishing expeditions " and search this information without a warrant , " added Davis .
The Court affirmed that police may conduct warrantless searches upon arrest in two narrow exceptions : if the search was necessary to protect the immediate safety of officers or others , and if they believed the individual may delete evidence .
However , in the second circumstance , the Court said the officers may only seize a cell phone to prevent the destruction of evidence .
They did not give officers permission to search the phone prior to receiving a search warrant .
Today 's decision by the Ohio Supreme Court marks the first time a state supreme court has ruled on whether a warrant is required to search a cell phone .
Previously , there were only a few scattered rulings in federal courts and the U.S. Supreme Court has not ruled on the issue .
The ACLU of Ohio filed a friend - of - the - court brief on behalf of Mr. Smith .
" As technology continues to advance , we must ensure that our laws protect the rights on which our country was founded .
Today , the Ohio Supreme Court took a step in the right direction toward protecting our privacy today , and in the future , " Davis concluded .
Food remnants were left on the tombstones Damaged graves and racist graffiti have been found in the Palestinian village of Awarta in the northern West Bank after a Jewish group visited the area .
Palestinians said they had seen Jewish pilgrims , escorted by Israeli soldiers , in the area , which is also a Jewish burial site .
The Israeli military said it viewed the incident very seriously and was opening a military police investigation .
It comes a month after an arson attack on a mosque in the same area .
At least two tombstones were damaged in the cemetery outside the village , and food and rubbish were left on graves .
In the village , offensive slogans about Arabs were found scrawled in Hebrew , English and Russian .
Israelis are forbidden from entering Awarta , but the Israeli military occasionally organises group trips for settlers to visit nearby Jewish tombs .
Palestinians told the Israeli rights group B'tselem that such a visit had taken place on Tuesday night , and the damage was discovered on Wednesday morning .
B'tselem said the tombs may have been ones that had been previously broken and repaired .
Local media quoted a group that organises visits by settlers to Jewish tombs as saying " we have no right wing or anti-Arab ideology and if someone from our group is found responsible for these acts , we would be the first to condemn them " .
This comes two days after 10 Jewish settlers from the nearby settlement of Yitzhar were arrested in a pre-dawn raid .
Police said they wanted to see if there was a link between the individuals and the burning of a mosque in the village of Yasuf in December .
Offensive slogans were daubed on the mosque wall in Hebrew .
Some hard - line settlers have said they will attack Palestinians in retaliation for any Israeli government measures they see as threatening Jewish settlements .
The Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu recently announced a ten - month lull in permits for new settlement homes on the West Bank , not including East Jerusalem .
All Jewish settlements in the West Bank , occupied by Israel in 1967 , are illegal under international law , although Israel disputes this .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Lola , 22 , is a tall girl with high , thin eyebrows on a slender face .
Her features are sharp but her eyes are uninterested , fixed at a painting on the wall of the coffee shop , as she tries hard to explain , in broken English , why she is in India .
Clad in a too - tight pink sweatshirt , faded cream shorts and shiny red boots , her right hand bearing a cocktail ring which she keeps twisting nervously , her blue nail varnish chipped , she seems a far cry from her alluring nocturnal avatar as one of the Capital 's high - priced prostitutes .
She speaks of how she came to work here two - and - a - half months ago .
Her boyfriend TC , not Tom Cruise , she clarifies , momentarily showing signs of life , joined her last month .
Both are clear about what they want from their lives -- enough money to buy a house in Tashkent , their hometown in Uzbekistan .
The cost of fantasy CIS girls now dominate the high - end sex market offering sexual pleasure as leisure SERVICES TIME IN HOURS RATE IN RUPEES / per head One trip ( sexual intercourse ) Two 8,000 Two trips Two 10,000 Two trips Four 15,000 Unlimited trips Eight or overnight 25,000 Orgy ( at least one girl per person )
Eight or overnight 25,000 Escort service ( travel outstation with the client , all expenses are met )
Per day 25,000 Play hostess at a stag party Four hours 15,000 Posing as nude model for photography and sketching One hour 5,000 Payment is in advance / all credit cards accepted , cash is preferred .
The websites guarantee confidentiality .
One of five siblings who grew up in poverty , Lola 's mother is dead and her father was abusive .
For her it 's just another job .
There are no regrets .
" It was TC who did all the running around for me , got my papers done and put me on a flight to Delhi , " she says .
Lola is not alone .
She is part of a growing army of fair - skinned prostitutes , about 3,000 of them in the Capital and about the same number in the other parts of the country .
They are from Ukraine , Georgia , Kazakhstan , Uzbekistan , Azerbaijan , Chechnya and Kyrgyzstan , all of which are part of the Commonwealth of Independent States ( CIS ) .
Replacing the earlier favourites , imports from Nepal , and charging 40 per cent more than Indian prostitutes , they are changing the rules of the game , feeding on the Indian fascination for white skin and the greater openness with which they can promote their sexual favours , through classified advertisements in newspapers and professionally - designed websites .
That the fascination for white skin is transnational is evident from the string of recent arrests .
Last year , on December 10 , a Delhi - based hotel manager , Shanker Mishra , was arrested in Rajkot along with an Uzbek prostitute in her late 20s , Ragini , a native of Tashkent .
Initial investigations revealed that Mishra would provide women to cash - rich traders and garment exporters in Rajkot , Ahmedabad , Hyderabad and Indore .
A little earlier , on October 30 , another sex racket was busted in Mahipalpur , Delhi , where three women of CIS origin , Aslefya , 23 , Sonya , 25 , and Roma , 27 , were arrested following a scuffle between a few pimps and locals in front of a guesthouse , 365 Inn .
In July , the Crime Branch of the Delhi Police arrested two CIS prostitutes when a decoy customer was sent to strike a deal with them .
The pimp , Goldy , came with the two foreign women in a car .
They were here on a six - month tourist visa and had been in the Gulf before coming to India ; with their stay here governed by a Rs 1.5 lakh contract for each girl for one month .
The women will be deported soon .
Two of the three prostitutes arrested in the Capital in October last year .
Two of the three prostitutes arrested in the Capital in October last year .
But it 's quite likely they will be back , admits Joint Commissioner of Police , Crime , Mumbai , Rakesh Maria .
" The prostitution racket involving CIS women is very well organised .
The Indian pimps are in close touch with their counterparts in Dubai and CIS countries , " he says .
It 's the culmination of events that began with the collapse of the Soviet Union and gained momentum with the entry of young CIS women into Dubai , transforming it into a major centre of prostitution .
According to an article in The New Yorker in 2008 , an " almost perfect recipe : mass immigration , mass transience , a tremendous concentration of money and anonymity , and a robust demand for labour " .
But a crackdown in Dubai in December 2007 when 240 people were arrested and in May last year when 2,713 prostitutes were detained as well as the deportation of 228 Uzbek women from Thailand recently , ensured that many women moved south , a process hastened by the meltdown .
Inside the new trade Getting a light - skinned prostitute is rather easy .
All one has to do is call one of the numbers flashed in the two dozen - odd difficult - to - ignore massage advertisements in the classified pages of leading dailies .
The sales pitch starts as soon as the ad is mentioned .
Then there 's the Net , where a search for ' escort service ' with the city name yields pages of results .
Most of the women come as tourists from the impoverished republics of the former Soviet Union , particularly Uzbekistan .
Some are coerced while others get into this business voluntarily .
The so - called ' aunties ' , CIS women who have been illegally living in India for several years , act as the interface between the women and local pimps .
The aunties are local agents of a mafia back home and share up to 50 per cent of the profits .
Most prostitutes are not paid ; they serve ' aunties ' under informal contracts that pay off loans taken back home by their families in return for services provided here .
The contracts run for three to six months , during which up to a third of a prostitute 's earnings go repay family loans .
Lured by big money , some women come back as ' freelancers ' .
They then stay with an Indian pimp , who sometimes helps them get a visa .
They also pay these women a daily fee which is usually between Rs 10,000 and Rs 15,000 .
Most women reinvest their earnings to make a profit ; exporting leather garments is a favoured avenue .
The pimps also make money by organising rooms for clients .
Five - star hotels , farmhouses and guesthouses are hotspots , with smaller establishments bending rules to ensure anonymity .
Official addresses are avoided .
Some women are n't prostitutes and others are n't just that .
As part of dancing troupes , they are called ' belly dancers ' or ' item girls ' and serve as hostesses and showgirls at parties .
Lax visa rules make for a thriving sex trade .
Joint Commissioner of Police , Crime , Mumbai , Rakesh Maria says , " The pimps in India , Dubai and CIS countries work in close coordination . "
A secret report of the NSA had expressed concern over foreigners buying land illegally .
Others have established guesthouses and restaurants .
Only half a dozen arrests were made last year ; there were no convictions .
According to the law , soliciting or encouraging the exchange of sexual services for money is a sex crime and not prostitution .
Sometimes these women are deported , but most of them come back .
The Suppression of Immoral Traffic in Women and Girls ( Amendment ) Act , 1978 , is toothless .
Most arrested women get bail as soliciting is difficult to prove .
This prompted the Supreme Court last month to ask the government to legalise prostitution , on a PIL filed by an NGO called the Bachpan Bachao Andolan .
" The odds were against staying in Dubai , " says Nagina , a 27 - year - old Muslim from Samarkand who was in Dubai till a month ago .
She escaped the police but many of her friends are in jail for illegally entering the country on false passports .
She does n't like to go to a bar to meet a client as " it is against my religion " .
But prostitution ?
" They need our services and we provide it , " she says .
Or take Roma , a 25 - year - old from Karshi , Uzbekistan , who ran away from a violent father when she was 17 .
She was sucked into prostitution and sent to Dubai where her travel documents were confiscated .
She is now a veteran with seven years of experience and this is her third stay in India .
She lives in a three - storey flat in Delhi , atop a spiral staircase .
It 's a big living room with bare orange walls , a dressing table with lights and a smorgasbord of cosmetics .
As she settles down in a couch to talk , the only sign of her profession is a roommate who lies huddled in the bedroom next door , sleeping in mid-afternoon , working off the effects of a late night .
As she flicks the ash from her cigarette , Roma says , " Only the best survive .
The pressure to do well is so high .
I learned English and have been to the US and Europe .
I am okay with this life . "
As the hunting ground shifts from Dubai , the CIS women , often referred to as " night butterflies " , find India easier to work in .
The classified advertisements in newspapers are easy to spot , printed by the dozens every day , five lines each costing Rs 1,800 , giving mobile numbers , the option of paying by credit card and dropping cryptic hints of " body massage " assuring " full satisfaction " .
Translate what that means : accompanying clients on long drives , having sex with them during the lunch hour in pimp hideouts around commercial hubs or in designated safehouses , and playing host at ' stag ' parties where they serve alcohol and food skimpily dressed .
All this for prices ranging from Rs 8,000 to Rs 30,000 depending on the duration .
It 's difficult to miss them , whether it is five - star hotel lobbies , elite clubs or farmhouses .
They come here on tourist visas for three to six months and stay with ' aunties ' , women from CIS countries , who act as mediators between agents in home countries and pimps in India .
The women are paid on a daily basis .
In Delhi , for example , over 150 Indian pimps host them and some of them have four to five CIS women on their payroll .
The pimps pocket the money from clients , as payment for their upkeep as well as promotion .
Call at any of the numbers advertised in the newspapers and they are quite blunt .
" She will do all you want , " says the male voice at the other end .
" Trained handling " means the client will relive his " wildest fantasies " .
And when they say " full satisfaction guaranteed " , they mean " the girl will do whatever the clients wants , in the way they want , with great ability " .
Some even promise to refresh clients with world class ' blwoiob ' ( blowjob ) ' ser ' ( vice ) , the misspelling deliberate to avoid trouble .
Some get poetic , luring clients with phrases such as " indulge yourself in the most electrifying experience of your lifetime with our bewitching masseuses " or proclaiming that carnal pleasures can be sublime , " where mind and soul entwine together in heights of pleasure " .
So says a classified ad aimed at older customers .
The idea is all are welcome , from the cash - rich entrepreneur to the high performing salesman , who gets sex as a bonus .
There is an even easier option , the Internet .
Google ' escort service ' and the name of the city where you intend to access the services , and voila , the choices pop up faster than Roger Federer 's serves .
Professionally designed websites offer a host of services and a detailed rate list .
Again , all it requires is a call to the given number , the time of requirement , and the specific service .
" Whether for pleasure trips , business occasions , corporate events , functions or dinner dates " , " especially handpicked to provide the highest level of service possible with professionalism , integrity and discretion assured at all times for the discerning gentlemen , " declares one website .
Clients can book their services from anywhere in the world , can even outsource the planning of a fun - filled holiday to them .
Payment is to be made in advance and clients are given the convenient option of paying by credit card .
A pimp strikes a deal in a shady corner .
A pimp strikes a deal in a shady corner .
Declares one website , " For gentlemen who would want to move beyond the confines of the hourly session , I offer these exclusive getaway packages , " to the scenic towns of Nainital and Shimla in summers and to regal Jaipur and Agra in winters .
Yet another tells its prospective customers , " My favourite pastime in the field of the adult industry , always has been related to couples , including lesbian or bisexual female couples and groups of people . "
Their skin colour is their biggest selling point .
" Sex with light - skinned women is aspirational , " says Pramada Menon , a Delhi - based gender activist .
The CIS women agree .
" Indians are so conscious of their colour and ours , " says Sarah , 27 , from Tashkent , who has been here now for five months on a tourist visa .
So much so that Indian women find it difficult to counter the ' white cult ' that is taking over the premium flesh trade .
Indian women have to be hard - sold .
So if it 's an Indian woman , the advertisement reads : she is a ' Punjabi ' ( read intense and fair ) , ' model ' ( slim and beautiful ) , ' airhostess ' ( suave and smart ) , ' hygienic ' ( clean ) , ' broadminded ' and ' sober ' .
Broadminded assures clients that the women will play out their fantasies , while ' sober ' indicates that they will be professional about it .
" East European girls have a different look and they are exotic for Indians as much as Delhi girls are unusual for Americans , " that 's a recorded voice playing on Vivek 's phone -- he operates in an upmartket neighbourhood of the Capital and has four CIS women on his roster .
" Most of our clients have gained money recently and want new girls every time , " he adds .
CIS women also offer anonymity .
" For our older , wealthier and regular customers , it is not about sex but courtship , " says Feruza , 32 , an Uzbek woman .
" They want somebody to give them an honest hearing and like the way we pamper them .
Language is an issue but we can talk them into relaxation .
They like that they are in command and that actually helps them surrender to us , " she says .
Ask Nitin , who runs a computer hardware business at a commercial complex in Delhi .
He is in his mid-30s and is married with children .
For him , the once - a - week sexcapade is an addiction he cannot do without .
" These women have an element of professional detachment .
They are here for a few months and you do n't know whether you will ever see them again .
They are not interested in you beyond the task well done , " he says , comparing them with their Indian counterparts .
" But the Indians want your number .
They give theirs , want to know what I do and how much I earn .
Then they go on about how they belong to a good family too but have been forced into prostitution by some compelling circumstances .
That is so irritating . "
Shrugs Shruti , a 19 - year - old college girl who doubles as a call girl and is on the roster of two pimps in Delhi , " If Indian men are looking for white women for their novelty , white men are interested in us .
They give us generous tips . "
But why do white women attract so many repeat customers ?
" We can not do things that white women do with Indian men , " says Shruti huffily .
CIS women dress well , wear immaculate make - up and carry the best accessories .
They also play nice enough to have some men in their thrall .
Roma gives the example of a 35 - year - old married businessman , who offered to marry her .
When she refused , he would insist only on her , paying extra for her services .
" Aunty wanted me to meet him more often as money was coming thick and fast , but I stopped because he was getting emotional about the whole affair , " she says , adding on second thoughts , " but it is not a bad idea to get married after all . "
The ' aunties ' are the key to the business .
Usually heavily - built , manicured , made - up , chain - smokers , they pronounce their verdict with the authority borne of years of handling pimps , visa agents and police officials .
" I tell my girls to come back if the clients get rough .
They can call me any time even when they are with the clients .
If they do n't like something , they can stop right there , " says one aunty .
Four of them have formidable reputations .
They have their areas of domination but their areas of operation overlap .
White women with their partners enjoying a meal after a hard day 's work in Delhi .
White women with their partners enjoying a meal after a hard day 's work in Delhi .
With names like Svetlana , Diana , Nafisa and Sweta , these aunties have never been prostitutes themselves but are cashing in on their strong Indian connections .
The fathers of two aunties were diplomats stationed in India 20 years ago ; another has a KGB background .
For them , it 's not a racket but a business .
Says an aunty , dressed in a long black skirt , a thick bead necklace nestling in the V of a cleavage - popping white T - shirt , " More then 20,000 girls have come and gone from India in several lots over the past two years .
Most were from CIS countries and have done well for themselves . "
The numbers are lower than in the UAE and Dubai , she adds .
These aunties are careful and so are the women .
Unlike their Indian counterparts , they always carry a pack of flavoured condoms .
Cleanliness is an issue and they insist that clients take a shower before going to bed with them .
They have a dress code for bed too : red and black lingerie from the best brands .
Sometimes the aunties insist on sending Indian prostitutes first .
Only when she gives an all - clear signal is the client allowed to sleep with a white woman .
In order not to attract undue attention , only two girls are lodged in one flat each in areas close to busy neighbourhoods .
They wear Fabindia clothes by day , have a fetish for leather garments at night and sport dark eyeliner at all times .
" That 's our fashion statement , " says Bessica , 27 .
The mother of two has been in India for four months after her jobless husband persuaded her to come here .
" I was in the UAE and Dubai before I came to India .
The girls of my generation do feel the pangs .
We are spiritually dead , " she says .
Most of the women come directly to aunties to pay off loans their family took back home .
" It is according to an informal contract between the family and the agent back home where the girls are required to stay overseas for three to six months to pay off their debt by making themselves available for prostitution , " says Mashhura , 28 , who belongs to Buxoro in Uzbekistan .
Some come back to make money for themselves and get in touch with Indian pimps like Vivek who maintains four such ' freelancers ' and pays each Rs 10,000 per day for their period of stay .
They sometimes end up working 12 hours a day , meeting six different clients , as pimps make Rs 35,000 a day , which includes the police cut , their stay and other expenses .
Rajiv , 30 , a pimp in Delhi , has six such women in his list .
He calls prospective clients to his home and gives them one of his rooms .
His wife , a tall woman in a salwar - kameez , who listens to him negotiating from behind the curtain of the living room and often walks out to tell the client sternly , " the price is fixed . "
The number of CIS - origin prostitutes in India is growing .
Four hundred prostitutes are expected to arrive in the Capital during the Commonwealth Games to be held later in the year .
" We know there will be great demand for women then and special arrangements are being made , like renting safehouses .
Some Indian pimps are even buying flats , " says Avita , 30 , who came here with her cousin from Tashkent .
Insiders also say that some girls are brought to India as part of dance troupes .
These women perform group dances in revealing clothes , mostly at private parties .
According to Rishikant , a 32 - year - old activist who works for the NGO , Shakti Vahini , and has rescued more than 1,000 girls in the last decade from prostitution , " Their number has increased significantly in the last one - and - a - half years . "
He explains that the police are aware of the problem but can do little as senior officers are involved .
India 's anti-trafficking law , the Suppression of Immoral Traffic in Women and Girls ( Amendment ) Act ( SITA ) , 1978 , aims at combating the commercialisation of the flesh trade ( brothels , prostitution rings and pimping ) .
Prostitution is not illegal .
But in practice , SITA is not commonly used ; instead the Indian Penal Code is deployed to charge sex workers with crimes such as public indecency or public nuisance , punishable with imprisonment up to six months or fine or both .
If the sex worker is a minor , the client may get a sentence of seven to 10 years .
But , given the overt manner in which the flesh trade operates , it cannot happen without the support of the police .
Former police officer Kiran Bedi calls it the " collective failure of the whole criminal judicial system . "
Failure or not , the women do n't mind .
" We get to travel , stay in new places and make friends .
Yes , the money is good .
But I like it here as well , " says Kate , 27 , who was presented as a model to an exporter in Delhi with whom she would be travelling to Goa .
She arrived in India about a month - and - a - half ago and has already been with 50 men .
As she leaves , dressed in tight jeans and a brown psychedelic top under a black leather jacket , a white taxi waiting outside to take her to her 51st client , she shrugs her shoulders .
" I was deported from Israel last year .
The next few days will be tricky .
It 's Republic Day and security is tight . ''
It 's one of the perils of her profession .
But one she carries off as easily as the Christian Louboutin high heels she bought online last year .
It 's price she extracts for the pleasure she provides .
450,000 at risk in foreclosure - prevention program
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Hundreds of thousands of troubled homeowners who are making lower mortgage payments on a trial basis are at risk of being kicked out of President Obama 's foreclosure - prevention program .
Companies that service the mortgages have until Jan. 31 to review all trial modifications that have been underway for several months under the Home Affordable Modification Program ( HAMP ) , according to a Treasury Department guideline issued late last month .
The Treasury Dept. said it would issue new guidelines next week , but would n't give details .
During the review period , servicers must determine whether borrowers have made all their payments and have handed in all the necessary paperwork .
Those who have n't will get letters giving them 30 days to comply .
The goal is to clear up the backlog of borrowers stuck in trial modifications , in which a homeowner 's monthly payments are lowered to no more than 31 % of pre-tax income .
Some homeowners have spent seven or eight months waiting to hear if they qualify for a permanent adjustment to their mortgages .
This directive , however , has some bank regulators concerned .
" About 450,000 homeowners currently have HAMP trial modifications and have demonstrated a willingness and ability to make timely payments for at least three months , " said Richard Neiman , superintendent of the New York State Banking Department .
" Now , unfortunately and very alarmingly , these same homeowners face the prospect of foreclosure strictly on account of documentation issues , " he said .
Paperwork has proved a major stumbling block for the president 's foreclosure - prevention program .
Homeowners complain that their servicers continuously lose the documents they send in , while financial institutions argue that borrowers have not been sending in their paperwork .
Aware of the problem , Treasury officials said they plan to issue new guidance to servicers next week that will help expedite the conversion of borrowers in the trial period to permanent modification .
It may also lighten the documentation requirements .
Converting to permanent modifications
Under fire for the low number of people receiving long - term help , the Treasury Department in late November ramped up pressure on servicers to convert borrowers to permanent modifications .
Some 66,500 people have received permanent adjustments , with another 787,200 homeowners in trial modifications .
Under the president 's plan , delinquent borrowers are put into trial modifications for several months to make sure they can handle the new payments and to give them time to submit their financial paperwork .
Once the modification becomes permanent , servicers , investors and homeowners are eligible to receive thousands of dollars in incentive payments .
Overall , about three - quarters of people are making their payments on time , according to the Treasury Department .
Treasury officials already lightened the documentation requirements in the fall in hopes of speeding up the conversion process .
But more needs to be done , Neiman said .
For instance , Treasury should accelerate its implementation of a standardized documentation form and the creation of a Web portal that will allow homeowners to track the receipt of the paperwork , he said .
Also , it should allow servicers more flexibility in accepting alternative documents .
If this is n't done , a lot of homeowners could soon face foreclosure , he said .
" This is a real concern to borrowers , particularly borrowers who 've continued to make payments for three , four , five , even seven months , " Neiman said .
ScalaModules is an open source project aimed at providing fluent support for OSGi to Scala developers .
It takes advantage of Scala 's infix operator notation , higher order functions , and implicit conversions .
ScalaModules transparently uses the Scala compiler to wrap an OSGi BundleContext with its own RichBundleContext model .
This general technique is not unusual for creating DSLs in mainstream languages .
Sean McDirmid uses similar tricks for his C# Bling library for WPF , except that Bling must overcome the lack of C# offering comparable extensions to Scala .
The video belows shows highlights of the press conference held on Friday , December 4 , 2009 at the California State Capitol in Sacramento .
Five families whose loved ones were killed in prison , their attorneys , five clergymen , a former CDCr Forensic Psychologist and others spoke out about the death toll taking place in the prisons beneath the radar of most media .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gv1fRkTtu4
There is almost a total lack of accountability for torturing and killing a state prisoner except for the rare victory of a lawsuit .
The parents of Joseph Sullivan were awarded $ 475,000 in damages for the wrongful death of their son Joseph at Chuckawalla Prison .
That is no compensation at all for the loss of a loved one through medical neglect and torture .
The overcrowding has caused deliberate indifference and medical neglect to be a pattern which results in the death of a prisoner every day .
The media is banned , so the public cannot see this death toll visibly .
But the three judge panel in the Coleman - Plata case knows of this death toll , and it is imperative that prisoner releases begin right now .
None of the people who have been killed had a death sentence .
Attorneys Abraham Goldman and David Springfield successfully litigated the Sullivan case .
They have made an especially compelling statement here .
http://www.1union1.com/Dec4_springfield.html
I will be adding more written remarks from the speakers to this web page , but a number of them are already up here .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
( Newser ) – Proving once again that campaign promises are sturdy stuff , Barack Obama yesterday led the charge to kill a health care reform amendment that would have made it easier to import cheaper prescription drugs from places like Canada — even though he touted the idea in the campaign , and co-sponsored a similar measure as a senator .
“ No surprise here , ” says Dana Milbank of the Washington Post .
“ Lawmakers , and the White House , are addicted to drug money . ”
The pharmaceutical industry struck a “ sweetheart deal ” with Obama to forgo $ 80 billion in revenue if he otherwise protected their interests .
So the administration backed a squadron of paid - off senators from pharmaceutical - manufacturing states , arming them with an FDA letter warning , laughably , of “ significant safety concerns . ”
Desperate , sponsor Byron Dorgan pleaded with his colleagues .
“ The pharmaceutical industry has a lot of clout .
I know that , ” he said .
“ I hope the American people can expect some clout on their behalf . ”
If the vote was any indication , they can ’t .
( Read more Barack Obama stories . )
No longer an obstacle ( Image : Matthieu Spohn / Getty )
It ’s not quite X - ray vision , but a way has been found to transmit simple images through opaque objects using ordinary light – and physicists have used the method to project an image through glass covered in thick paint .
Some things we consider opaque – “ not able to be seen through ” , in the New Oxford Dictionary of English definition – are slightly translucent , meaning some light does in fact make it through .
However , it is scattered so much as it bounces around inside the materials ’ lattice of atoms that physicists thought it was beyond practical use for seeing what is on the other side of the object .
A 2007 experiment that managed to focus light through eggshells and a human tooth demonstrated that might not be so .
Now the first simple images have been transmitted through an opaque object and reconstructed on the far side , by physicist Sylvain Gigan and colleagues at École Supérieure de Physique et de Chimie Industrielles in Paris , France .
Advertisement
Snapshot
By reverse engineering the scattering process , the team were able to reconstruct an image from the light that had passed through the opaque paint layer .
That scattering is complex , but it ’s also predictable : the same light wave will always be scattered in the same way .
The way a particular object scatters light is known as its transmission matrix .
“ If the [ layer of paint ] is a maze for light , then you could think of the transmission matrix as the map for it , ” says Gigan .
His team worked out the transmission matrix for their painted glass slide by hitting it with a weak laser beam more than 1000 times , changing the shape of the beam each time using a spatial light modulator – the same device used to control the light emerging from a video projector .
A digital camera on the other side of the glass detected the different scattering patterns produced each time .
By comparing what the camera saw with what had been done to the laser beam , the team measured the paint ’s complete transmission matrix .
Invisible image
If a simple image was then projected onto the paint , a person simply looking at the painted glass from behind would see only an even glow .
But the team used knowledge of the transmission matrix to decode the faint , noisy trace that reached the digital camera and reconstruct the image .
“ Once the matrix is known , reconstructing the image is very quick , ” Gigan says .
“ We can achieve almost video - rate focusing or imaging . ”
However , it will be some time before the technique is used to transmit and reconstruct any truly interesting images – the test images were very simple patterns : a 256 - pixel rectangular grid with a handful of its squares lit up more brightly .
“ The quality of the images degrades rapidly when increasing the number of pixels , because the signal - to - noise ratio degrades , ” says Gigan , although he says there is “ room for improvement ” with future study .
Allard Mosk at the University of Twente in Enschede , the Netherlands , who together with his colleague Ivo Vellekoop focused light through eggshells and teeth in 2007 , is impressed .
“ We can see that technically this work is at the beginning of a long and exciting road , ” he says .
Although at the moment the technique is restricted to simple 256 - pixel images , he thinks other groups around the world will now be inspired to send larger and more complex images through opaque objects .
Journal reference : A copy of Gigan and colleagues ’ paper is available on the Physics Arxiv
The ZiiLabs Digital Home Platform : Now with extra cowbell .
If you wanted proof that Intel and ARM architecture licensees will soon be in direct competition with each other , there 's plenty of ammo handy at this year 's CES .
A number of prominent companies have announced multimedia - centric products based around ARM CPUs , including NVIDIA , Marvell , ZiiLabs ( a branch of Creative ) , and NXP Semiconductor .
The devices themselves will target a range of customer needs and feature sets ; this seems to indicate that an increasing number of manufacturers believe ARM - based products are capable of filling a variety of roles .
When we spoke to ARM last fall , the company confirmed that it 's long - term plan was to design a series of increasingly powerful Cortex - branded processors that would compete in MIDs , smartbooks , netbooks , and , given time , even the laptop / desktop market .
The ARM - related announcements coming out of CES this week are noteworthy because of the types of devices being announced .
Smooth 1080P playback , gaming capabilities , and video post - processing are some of the features we 've seen manufacturers mention so far and it 's still early in the show .
The specific products announced thus far include Marvell 's Plug Computer , ZiiLab's SiVO Digital Home Platform , NVIDIA 's Tegra 2 ( NV will obviously provide its own video hardware ) , and a new set - top hub from NXP Semiconductor .
If ARM begins growing its share of multimedia content devices , it could run smack into Intel as early as this year .
Last fall , Intel debuted its Sodaville system - on - a- chip ( SoC ) , claiming that the chip would usher in a new era of rich IPTV content and consumer interaction .
Sodaville is based on Intel 's Atom processor and the CPU manufacturer is n't likely to feel much like sharing a market space it 's hoping to define .
texas , still hell bent on undermining education
A profile of Don McLeroy makes it clear that the Texas Board of Education is n't interested in anything other than blasting students with simplistic , dogmatic propaganda .
Seems that no amount of attention , including a million watt spotlight on the nonsense that emanates from the mouths of the Texas School Board ’s creationist faction , is going to be enough to stop the state ’s officials from dragging their education programs back into the 1800s from a scientific standpoint , and turn their humanities curricula into their personal opinions of history , complete with the kind of right wing propaganda we ’d expect to hear from Sean Hannity and Glenn Beck rather than a qualified history teacher .
And now , since California , the second largest textbook market in the nation and a balance to Texan ’s far right lean , is broke and ca n’t afford its educational shopping spree , the likes of Barbara Cargill and Don McLeroy have more power than ever to harm our educational system with their misguided ideological attacks on science and fact - based pedagogy …
Think I ’m a little tough on well meaning folks who are just following the advice of scientists and experts to ask questions and are just demanding rigor from the materials students across the state will be learning ?
Then you should take a look at a little story featuring our crazed dentist , Don McLeroy , that gives a little peek into a zealot ’s head , where books are read not for education but ideological confirmation and become the target of a temper tantrum when they do n’t soothe his itch to see his views praised as the absolute truth …
With childlike glee , McLeroy flipped through the pages and explained what he saw as the gaping holes in [ evolution ] .
“ I do n’t care what the educational political lobby and their allies on the left say , ” he declared at one point .
“ Evolution is hooey . ”
This bled into a rant about American history .
“ The secular humanists may argue that we are a secular nation , ” McLeroy said , jabbing his finger in the air for emphasis .
“ But we are a Christian nation founded on Christian principles .
The way I evaluate history textbooks is first I see how they cover Christianity and Israel .
Then I see how they treat Ronald Reagan .
He needs to get credit for saving the world from communism and for the good economy over the last twenty years because he lowered taxes . ”
Just note how there is n’t a single complex thought entertained in his narrow little worldview of black and white , right and wrong .
He evaluates textbooks not on whether they have scientific merit and have been vetted by the appropriate experts in the field , but on how they agree with him .
Even on something as basic as history , nearly all of the finer nuances of the last thirty years seem to have never materialized in his empty little head .
Sinister implications of the MAD doctrine , the internal power struggles at the Politburo , Soviet social dynamics , the use of communism as a bait and switch for 70 years of tyranny and Gorbachev ’s massive failures with Glasnost , Perestroika and his naiveté in dealing with his colleagues , Reagan and Bush Sr. , would never make it to a top notch history class if this buffoon has his way .
The complex tales of the Cold War and how it shaped the world we know today would be reduced to “ praise Reagan and tax cuts , ” and left at that .
And when it comes to evolution , McLeroy reminds me of an excited kid who thinks he made some sort of a big discovery and wants to shout it from the rooftops so everyone praises how smart he is .
Listening to him try to explain evolution must be like listening to your grandparents try to explain the inner workings of Vista or Linux with the kind of zeal that can only come with the blissful ignorance of beginners who have no idea of just how much they have left to learn .
In fact , that ’s one of the biggest things separating the experts from the beginners in almost any discipline .
Experts know they always have an immense amount of information to cover to keep up with the rest of their field and crank out high quality product to stay relevant while beginners are absolutely sure that the only difference between them and the experts is a paper with a seal of a university on it and they could n’t be more wrong .
When the reviews end and the conversation is stripped away of layman ’s terms , they quickly find that they either need to check their ego at the door or give up on trying to play expert .
Although , there is a third choice for the non-expert trying to dip into the realm of scientists and engineers .
Play politician and use populism and personal power to play arbiter .
That ’s the choice made by Texan creationists .
Grossly ill - informed , with a hatred of people who devote their lives to learning and doing complicated things in the name of knowledge and technological advancement , they adhere to their rigid , anti-intellectual ideology to vote in a single , unshakable block against progress , against knowledge and against fact .
Because really , the only thing they have is their political power and they ’re thrilled to use it , intoxicated with the notion that instead of listening and learning , they get to say no and hurl their contempt at real experts when their dubious agenda is questioned .
And these are the people who are going to play a very significant role in what your children will be learning in school .
How do you feel about America ’s chances of leading the world in R&D over the next ten years or so ?
Because from where I sit , the odds are n’t looking all that great …
In Feb 2011 , I wrote a tongue and cheek blog posting called Forty One ( 41 ) early warning signals of the collapse and decay of the Russian Federation ( Putinism ) and Ukraine ( Yanukowych Regime )
http://bit.ly/fsflvg.
It caused quite a stir and coincidently it was translated by the Russian opposition ( Boris Nemtsov ) into Russian and reposted to dozens of Russian blog sites .
Well , the Yanukowych regime did collapse , the PUTIN is still ( barely ) hanging on .
So I think it 's time to update my Early Warning Signals blog post with new data points .
—Walter Derzko
Here is my eight cut .
Thank you to everyone who has suggested new data points that I missed .
The Key Driving forces are in red and **
There are likely many more early warning signals , but who knows which ones will trigger the collapse of Putin or the RF ?
Maybe an oligarch / elite / inner circle revolt or palace coup ?
Or a sovereign debt default ?
Watch for more August 2015 Surprises or September 1 , 2015
- Life Expectancy :
The overall life expectancy at birth in Russia was slightly lower in 2009 ( the latest year for which figures are available ) than in 1961 , almost half a century earlier . [ 1 ]
- Life Expectancy :
The life expectancy at age 15 for all Russian adults was more than two years below its level in 1959 ; [ 1 ]
- Life Expectancy : According to the U.N. ’s World Health Organization , the life expectancy for a 15 - year - old boy in Haiti is three years higher than for a Russian boy the same age . [ 2 ]
- Life Expectancy :
The life expectancy for young men sank by almost four years over those two generations . [ 1 ]
- Life Expectancy :
The country ’s death rate far exceeded its birth rate : in 2000 , life expectancy for men was only 58 , and for women 71 . [ 2 ]
- Life Expectancy : Despite a recent slight uptick in births versus deaths , life expectancy now stands at 64 for males and 76 for women ( 137th and 100th in the world , respectively , hardly fitting for a supper power ) [ 2 ]
- Mortality :
The country has high mortality rates due to elevated rates of smoking , alcohol consumption , drug use , chronic human disease , violence , poor diets and obesity .
Investment on healthcare is low . [ 6 ]
- Mortality : According to Russian health experts , 40 percent or more of the infant deaths in Russia are caused by social factors like alcoholism and drug use by parents or their failure to take their children to doctors or hospitals or to get required vaccinations . [ 26 ]
- Mortality : Death rates from cardiovascular disease are more than three times as high in Russia as in western Europe [ 1 ]
- Mortality : Russian death rates from injury and violence have soared , on par with those in African post - conflict societies , such as Liberia and Sierra Leone . [ 1 ]
- Mortality : Put another way , post - Soviet Russia has suffered a cumulative " excess mortality " of more than seven million deaths , meaning that if the country could have simply held on to its Gorbachev - era survival rates over the last two decades , seven million deaths could have been averted .
This figure is more than three times the death toll World War I inflicted on imperial Russia . [ 1 ]
- Mortality :
The mortality among working - age Russians is rising .
In 2014 , for example , mortality rates among Russians aged 30 to 45 went up by 1.2 percent . [ 26 ]
- Mortality : Two out of three Russian men who died , died drunk [ 2 ]
- Mortality : Twenty - five percent of Russian men still die before the age of 55 , many from alcoholism and the violent deaths , plus other diseases it fosters . [ 2 ]
- Population Decline : Since 1992 , according to official Russian figures , Russia 's population has fallen nearly every year ( 1993 and 2010 are the exceptions , with the latter experiencing an increase of just 10,000 people ) .
According to these figures , between 1993 and 2010 , Russia 's population shrank from 148.6 million to 141.9 million people , a drop of nearly five percent . [ 1 ]
- Depopulation : Predictions are that Russia , with a population of 146 million , could become a nation of fewer than 100 million people by 2025 , and hardly a superpower [ 2 ]
- Depopulation : Russia is aging and the birth rate is plummeting .
Putin himself in his first State of the Nation address in July 2000 warned the Russian people , “ We are in danger of becoming a senile nation . ” [ 2 ]
- Fertility : Fertility rates plummeted to 1.2 births per women in the late 1990s and now stand at 1.7 births per women .
That rate is still about 20 percent below 2.1 births per woman , the level necessary to ensure population replacement . [ 6 ]
- Fertility : A drop in fertility by 50 percent between 1987 and 1999 has resulted in a reduced number of women now at childbearing age , which is beginning to affect the country in a major way :
Two thirds of all births in Russia take place among women between the ages of 20 and 29 , and this population will decline from 13 million currently to 7 or 8 million in the coming years .
Consequently , even if each women were to have more children , the total number of births would fall . [ 6 ] and [ 26 ]
- Fertility : Another factor mitigating against higher fertility is Russia ’s high divorce rate .
In 2012 , for every two marriages , there was one divorce . [ 6 ]
- Fertility : Russia ’s abortion rate , estimated at two abortions for every birth , has traditionally been the highest in the world . [ 6 ]
- Fertility :
The protection of children and traditional family values was also the stated purpose for the enactment of a lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender propaganda law to prevent distribution of " non-traditional sexual relationships " ideas among minors . [ 6 ]
- Fertility :
The government is also considering reinstatement of a tax on childlessness , estimated at 10 percent of women in their late 40s . [ 6 ]
- Working Age Population / Labour Force : Russia ’s working - age population is declining by a million people a year , a faster rate than the decline of the overall population , which in 2013 stood at around 143 million , 3 million less than when Putin took office [ 2 ]
- Working Age Population / Labour Force :
Over the next decade , Russia 's labor force is expected to shrink by about 15 percent .
- Working Age Population / Labour Force : Russia is facing difficulties filling critical jobs with largely unskilled non-Russian migrants , many working illegally in the country . [ 6 ]
- Working Age Population / Labour Force :
Other countries with low fertility rates turn to immigration to pick up the slack .
While immigrants make up about 8 percent of Russia ’s population , the nation has a reputation for nationalism and xenophobia , and fertility rates are even lower in neighboring Belarus , Ukraine and Lithuania , all possible sources of immigration . [ 6 ]
- Working Age Population / Labour Force : the average age of a worker in the defence industry in close to retirement age and the army is forced to provide untrained conscripts to work in defence factories , resulting in quality problems and defects , exploding rockets and planes / jets falling from the sky . [ 7 ]
- Unproductive workforce : Russians are n’t nearly as productive as they could be .
For each hour worked , the average Russian worker contributes $ 25.90 to Russia ’s GDP .
The average Greek worker adds $ 36.20 per hour of work .
And Greece is not a country you want to trail in productivity .
The average for U.S. workers ?
$ 67.40 .
- Migration :
It ’s no surprise then that well - educated Russians are leaving their country in droves .
Between 2012 and 2013 , more than 300,000 people left Russia in search of greener economic pastures , and experts believe that number has only risen since Moscow ’s annexation of Crimea last year .
( Bloomberg , OECD , PBS , Telegraph , Wall Street Journal , Freedom House , Washington Post ) [ 21 ]
- Aging Population : Russia ’s aging population has placed strains on the economy that will impact numerous sectors including agriculture , manufacturing , the armed forces and retirement schemes .
In the next decade , Russia 's labor force is expected to shrink by more than 12 million , or around 15 percent . [ 6 ]
- Aging Population :
The contraction of Russia ’s labor force is exacerbated by low retirement ages : 60 for men and 55 for women .
In certain situations , for example , hazardous occupations or unemployment , retirement ages are lower .
Nevertheless , Russia ’s older population does not fare well .
According to a 2014 global survey of the social and economic well - being of older people , Russia ranked 65 among 96 countries . ]
6 ]
- Health : Only 30 percent of Russian babies born are born healthy [ 2 ]
- Health : Many unhealthy Russian babies are “ discarded ” or sent to government institutions where they often develop cognitive difficulties .
Unhealthy children grow up to be unhealthy adults : half of the conscripted Russian army has to be put in limited service because of poor health . [ 2 ]
- Health :
The syphilis rate among girls 10 to 14 — a statistical category that boggles the mind — had gone up 40 times the previous decade . [ 2 ]
- Health : One study showed that , 64 % of the pregnant women infected with syphilis delivered an infant with presumptive or confirmed congenital syphilis [ 3 ]
- Health : Only 30 percent of boys between the ages of 15 and 17 were considered healthy [ 2 ]
- Health : Chronic teen alcoholism ; 77 percent of teens between the ages of 15 and 17 drink vodka regularly ; in rural areas , the percentage can be as high as 90 . [ 2 ]
- Health : Chronic heroin epidemic ; Cheap heroin from Afghanistan is rolling in .
Russia has more heroin addicts than any other country [ 2 ]
- Health : An H.I.V. epidemic spread by dirty needles was taking hold .
Between 2000 and 2012 the number of new cases of H.I.V. increased six fold .
About 700,000
Russians were estimated to be living with HIV / AIDS in 2013 , a 5 percent increase over the previous year . [ 2 ] and [ 6 ]
- Health : Chronic TB epidemic .
Many of those infected with H.I.V. also suffer from tuberculosis .
Russia is second only to India ( with 1.3 billion people ) in the number of cases of M.D.R. ( multidrug - resistant ) tuberculosis [ 2 ]
- Health :
When it comes to the environment , 50 percent of Russia ’s water is not potable .
- Health : Air pollution continues to be an extremely serious issue , suggesting that a solution proposed during the late - Soviet period continues to hold sway .
Back then , a Russian health minister advised the country to “ breathe less ” in order to live longer .
- Health : Russia won the most medals — 33 — in the recent Sochi Winter Olympics , but many of these athletes , especially juniors are now being accused of doping over the last decade .
“ The story that the newspaper was planning to write related to what it described as “ systematic blood doping ” that had seeped into junior Russian athletics as far back as 2007 .
The paper claimed that of 289 blood screens performed at the 2007 , 2009 and 2011 under - 23 championships , Russian athletes had the three most abnormal values at every event [ 63 ]
- Health : Instead of fixing all the problems in healthcare , Russian bureaucrats want to licence shames and healers .
Today ’s “ Novyye izvestiya ” reports that Sergey Kalashnikov , the chairman of the Duma ’s committee on health , has announced that he has prepared draft legislation that would create a government organization to license those who offer their services as healers ( newizv.ru/politics /2015-08-26/226093-licenzija-dlja-shamana.html ) .
He says he came up with the idea because “ an enormous number of charlatans work in this area ” and consequently , “ this requires regulation . ”
Under the terms of his bill , those who offer such services will have to present documentation showing they are qualified to perform the services they offer or certificates of their training in Chinese , Tibetan or other traditions .
But instead of addressing that problem , Duma members prefer to focus on things like this , the journalist says , adding that from what he can tell , such a shaman - licensing operation would simply become yet another means for officials to corruptly extract bribes from the population . [ 50 ]
- Health : “ According to unofficial data – and the Russian government these days does what it can not to report officially anything this untoward – there are approximately 278,000 Russian children who are suffering from incurable illnesses .
Of these , approximately 42,000 need palliative care right now . ” [ 61 ]
- Corruption : Ubiquitous unabated Institutionalized corruption and widespread bribe taking , kickbacks , covered up by double entry book keeping systems .
A corruption perception index by Transparency International ranked Russia 136th last year , just behind Nigeria . [ 11 ]
- Corruption : Average Bribe in Russia Doubles in Rubles , Remains Steady in Dollars .
The amount of the average bribe in Russia has nearly doubled this year , reaching 208,000 rubles ( $ 3,485 at today 's rate ) , as the country 's currency has shed value amid Western sanctions and an economic downturn , according to Interior Ministry estimates cited by pro-government Izvestia daily on Friday .
This compares to about 109,000 rubles Russians are believed to have been paying or receiving as an average bribe in 2014 , though police concede that their estimates may not be completely accurate , the report said .
The increase in bribe amounts is substantially less significant in their dollar equivalent , because the Russian ruble traded at around 35 to the dollar at the start of 2014 , but has slumped to around 60 to the dollar as of this week . [ 28 ]
- Corruption :
Theft of state property and funds via selective privatization ( to your inner circle of friends ) and crony capitalism . [ 11 ]
- Corruption : Unrestrained money laundering : Russian Bank official charged over laundering of 17 m dollars a day ; Interfax news agency , Moscow , in Russian 14 Mar 2011
- Corruption : Off shoring of assets and oligarch profits ; Cyprus , Switzerland , Belize , Virgin Islands , UK and possibly the Vatican Bank ? [ 7 ]
- Corruption : Selective Justice .
“ Those who commit even insignificant violations but whose actions are not in accord with the leaders of the country are punished severely , Khodorkovsky continues , while those who commit major crimes but do so with the agreement of those in power escape without any punishment at all . ” [ 56 ]
- Corruption : Putin raiding and taking over private businesses who refuse to pay bribes [ 54 ]
- Corruption : Growing nepotism : German Daily Reports on Nepotism at Russia 's Gazprom Frankfurt / Main Frankfurter Rundschau ( Russia )
- Corruption : Crony Bailouts and Crony Capitalism :** Despite the economic crisis , Duma deputies say , the Kremlin is continuing its “ Robin Hood in reverse ” strategy , taking from the poor and giving to the rich , an approach which was never popular even when the Russian economy was growing but now is highly offensive when it is not .
“ Nezavisimaya gazeta ” reported that the Audit Chamber had found that the finance ministry had handed out more than ten billion dollars in the last year to firms without adequate checks , a figure more than the ministry said it had to cut the indexation of pensions because of budgetary problems .
Clearly , there are officials prepared to take the last kopeck from pensioners and hand out big money to their friends instead . [ 37 ]
- Corruption : Reverse Money Laundering :
In Russia , corruption has gotten so bad that the logic of money laundering has turned upside down .
Many companies face the opposite problem :
In order to get things done , they need to take clean money and make it dirty .
Russia has a service known as " obnal , " or dark money : the process by which legitimate companies take legitimate profits and launder them into off - the - books slush funds to be used for bribes and tax evasion .
Obnal has become a billion - dollar business in Russia [ 4 ]
- Corruption : Too Little Too Late ?
Time to scrap the oligarch system ? **
It ’s time for former Soviet countries to get rid of oligarchs .
Was the " Vladimir Yakunin " firing and the dismissal of 12 security officials ( Putin unexpectedly took away the chair from 12 high - ranking security ) a trial balloon ?
-- Walter Derzko KEY QUOTE : RUSSIA
At one time , Russia had the most billionaires in the world – 100 , according to Forbes magazine .
Several refused to pledge their allegiance to Vladimir Putin , and he chased them overseas or imprisoned them .
Putin did not scrap the oligarch system , however .
He simply replaced some oligarchs with others . [… ]
Unfortunately , the buddies he put at the helm of Gazprom , Rosneft and Russian Railways have run those operations into the ground .
Recently , he fired the head of Russian Railways , Vladimir Yakunin , in favor of a talented young technocrat whom Putin hopes will revive the company .
The head of Gazprom , Alexei Miller , and Rosneft , Igor Sechin , are worried about being fired , too . [ 40 ]
- Lawlessness : police focus on extremists and political opposition instead of bandits who run free . [ 7 ]
- Culture of Kleptocracy : Russia ’s appalling business reputation acts both as a brake on foreign investment and a stimulus to capital flight . [ 7 ]
- Illegal Use of Administrative resources : Cyber attack , info wars , tolls , online provocateurs to protect the status quo , false flag terrorist operations for excuse to declare martial law .
- Illegal Use of Administrative resource : RF false flag operations - “ LNR ” factory sews fake Ukrainian military uniforms [ 17 ]
- Overregulation : Russia ’s centralized economy requires that citizens get a “ document ” or a spravka from government workers , who demand bribes for timely executions
- Overregulation : Back to centralized control :
The Russian government has resumed pressure on exporters to sell foreign currency in an effort to prevent global market turbulence from triggering another rouble sell - off .
In meetings and calls from August 19 , Central Bank and cabinet officials instructed executives at state - owned and private companies on when and how much of their dollar revenues to convert to roubles , company officials said .
" There is monitoring on a daily basis now , " said a source at Alrosa , the diamond miner .
An source close to Rosneft , the state oil company , said : " Forex sales are being conducted on direct orders from the government . " [ 37 ]
- Weakened military / security control at the periphery of the empire .
Already facing food shortages and other issues with the countersanctions , Stratfor believes Moscow is “ stepping up its security apparatuses within the regions , stepping up its control within the governors and within the mayors . ”
Stratfor believes Putin is trying to prove that he can “ isolate Russia from the West , from Western foods , and keep Russia Russian . ”
But using the people to demonstrate his power and sustainability , is risking the social contract Putin made with the Russian : “ You will always receive your paychecks ; I will keep the economy growing ; I will quadruple–pretty much - standard of living ; you will have Western - style foods and goods inside of Russia . ”
Putin ’s popularity was sky - high for the last 15 years , because he delivered on his promise to the Russian people of strong leadership .
But now Putin must chose to battle the West or give in to the needs of the people . [ 15 ]
- Conflicts on the periphery : Extremist calls increasingly common in blogs , social networks - Russian police ; RIA Novosti > Feb 1 , 2011
- Conflicts on the periphery : Russian paper fears conscripting postgraduate students could trigger Russian brain drain Vedomosti website , Moscow , in Russian 12 May 2011
- Conflicts on the periphery : Russia is in civilizational decline , new nations emerge - Siberians see themselves as separate nation from Russia http://bit.ly/lSzxZm
- Conflicts on the periphery : 16 Russian
Hot spots / tension zones or fronts against PUTIN .
Putin may someday have to fragment his army ( which is understaffed , undertrained and is facing increasing desertions ) to all regions of the Russian Federation and beyond to quell growing tensions and hot spots that , if erupted simultaneously or with some help , could splinter his defenses and threaten the territorial integrity of the Russian Federation and lead to regime collapse .
16 fronts / hot spots against PUTIN : 1 ) Crimean Tartars and all Crimeans in general , 2 ) Eastern Ukraine , 3 ) Chechnya , 4 ) Chinese in Siberia , 5 ) Japanese territorial island disputes 6 ) Canada & US & Russia assert control in the Arctic 7 ) Cossacks Seek Greater Role in Southern Russia ’s Economic and Political Life 8 ) Georgia 9 ) European front - The Dutch and MH17 , Baltics and Poland 10 ) Karelia will seek to rejoin Finland 11 ) Moldova / Transdneistria 12 ) Ethnic tensions brewing with Circassian activists in Karachaevo - Cherkessia , North Caucasus 13 ) Russians in poverty -- revolt / protest in Moscow 14 ) Russians in poverty -- revolt / protest in St Petersburg 15 ) Russians in poverty -- revolt / protest in the rural oblasts of the Russian Federation and 16 ) NATO and the US fleet re-enter the Black Sea -- It 's not a matter of if but only a matter of when and if it happens in a coordinated fashion . [ 7 ]
- Conflicts on the periphery : The Siberian / China flashpoint .
In 2000 , 28 million Russians lived in Siberia and the Far East .
In 2010 , only 25.4 million live there .
On the other side of the border , Chinese growth and interest in Russian resources could make the Far East a flashpoint .
A 2001 Treaty on Friendship and Good Neighborliness , codifying territorial compromises and designed to diminish American influence , formally " sunsets " in 2021 — at which time , China may decide to claim some of Russia 's resource - rich territories that may well be largely deserted . [ 18 ]
- Conflicts on the periphery : The Siberian / China flashpoint .
Russia has replaced some of its real live border guards along the Chinese frontier with straw - filled scarecrows dressed in Russian uniforms , according to Beijing ’s
“ Peoples Daily , ” a development that suggests some Russian soldiers have found a way to avoid service or that the Russian siloviki , given Putin ’s aggressive policies , may be overstretched .
The Beijing paper says that a reporter for the Chinese edition of “ Global Times ” had approached the border to check on the construction of a railroad bridge between the two countries over the Amur River .
He photographed the border and on enlarging it discovered the scarecrows ( russian.rt.com/inotv/2015-08-25/Peoples-Daily-Rossijskuyu-granicu-ohranyayut ) .
The journalist discovered something else as well : Chinese firms have constructed 60 percent of the bridge between the Russian village of Nizhneleninskoye and the Chinese city of Tuntsian , but there are “ no signs ” that Russian firms have done anything at all to meet their responsibilities for construction . [ 51 ]
- Conflicts on the periphery : The Siberian / China flashpoint .
Armed forces underfunding ?
Are Russia ’s Siloviki Overstretched ?
Beijing Says Strawmen Guarding Russian - Chinese Border
Russia has replaced some of its real live border guards along the Chinese frontier with straw - filled scarecrows dressed in Russian uniforms , according to Beijing ’s “ Peoples Daily , ” a development that suggests some Russian soldiers have found a way to avoid service or that the Russian siloviki , given Putin ’s aggressive policies , may be overstretched .
The Beijing paper says that a reporter for the Chinese edition of “ Global Times ” had approached the border to check on the construction of a railroad bridge between the two countries over the Amur River .
He photographed the border and on enlarging it discovered the scarecrows [ 66 ]
- Conflicts on the periphery : The Siberian / China flashpoint .
Armed forces underfunding ?
The Beijing paper says that a reporter for the Chinese edition of “ Global Times ” had approached the border to check on the construction of a railroad bridge between the two countries over the Amur River .
The journalist discovered : Chinese firms have constructed 60 percent of the bridge between the Russian village of Nizhneleninskoye and the Chinese city of Tuntsian , but there are “ no signs ” that Russian firms have done anything at all to meet their responsibilities for construction . [ 66 ]
- Conflicts on the periphery : The Russian economy shrank by 4.6 percent in the quarter ending June 2015 .
Although the media has focused on the stability in Moscow and maybe St. Petersburg , the economic decline in Russian provinces has been much more serious .
Debt in Russia ’s 83 regions has risen by 100 to 150 percent since 2010 .
Russia ’s economic minister suggested that possibly 60 of those 83 regions are in crisis mode , and 20 may have already been defaulting on their debt .
President Vladimir Putin and the Kremlin have $ 541 billion in reserves , but intervention to bailout the regions would drain much of Russia ’s wealth , which is spread throughout its currency reserves , the National Wealth Fund and the National Reserve Fund .
Stratfor predicts that the Kremlin will allow the economies of many of the country ’s Soviet - era mono-cities , which rely on a single industry , to continue to deteriorate .
As a relic of the Soviet period , the mono-cities employ the bulk of their populations in a single industry such as manufacturing , metallurgy , timber or energy .
These mono-cities generate about 30 percent of the country ’s industrial production .
With only a single skill , workers in mono-cities generally cannot migrate to find better jobs or salaries . [ 15 ]
- Conflicts on the periphery **: Revolts and protests .
Stratfor expects that protests against the Kremlin will increase as more Russians fall under the poverty line , and regional and municipal debt grows .
They expect the Kremlin to retaliate by cracking down on protest movements and opposition parties to block the formation of any broad and serious any serious challenge to their hold on power .
They believe that Russia can hang on with its current strategy for the next couple of years , but Putin ’s popularity will soon fade .
Eventually , regions could revolt in a similar process that led to the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 , when 15 nations comprising a third of the population and a quarter of the Soviet Union declared independence . [ 15 ]
- Conflict on the periphery : Siberian Nationalism , Separation and Autonomy : “ Siberia , after all , “ has seen an uptick in nationalism ” recently , Quartz ’s Bradley Jardine found last month .
The nationalism , the push for autonomy , stems as much from the Crimean precedent as it does from Siberia ’s status as a quasi-colony within Russia .
The region provides some 90 percent of Russian natural gas and more than 70 percent of Russia ’s oil , supplying Moscow with far more material wealth than it sees in tax returns .
With 77 percent of Russia ’s total land mass , and with a grand total of 3.1 people per square kilometer , Siberia stands a world apart , as much an idea as a known entity .
“ There is a distinct and understandable discomfort in Moscow about the extent to which so much of its wealth is on the other side of the Urals , in thinly - populated , sometimes - unruly , and geographically and even psychologically distant lands , ” Galeotti said .
Over the past few years , the desires of the Kremlin and local leaders have only grown more strained .
Tensions boiled over last August , when Moscow banned the “ March for the Federalization of Siberia ” in Novosibirsk , Siberia ’s largest city .
In keeping with its trend of throttling any internal separatist sentiment , authorities arrested numerous organizers and imposed a media blackout .
Moscow even threatened to block BBC ’s Russian service for its coverage . ” [ 72 ]
- China Pivot off :
The launch of China ’s " New Silk Road " last month , bypassing Russian territory , was a serious blow to the Russian economic interests .
The first Nomadexpress container train has already traveled on route Shihezi ( China ) - Dostyk ( Kazakhstan ) - Aktau - Alat ( Azerbaijan ) .
From Azerbaijan , the express goes to Georgia , Turkey and the EU .
Thus , a joint project of the Trans - Caspian international transport route and the New Silk Road became a reality .
The main feature of the project is bypassing Russian territory .
Another important caveat is the time .
The route takes six days to cover , instead of 25 - 40 as before .
Of course , China is challenging Russia as Eurasia ’s largest Eurasian transit state .
The New Silk Road has the potential to become more attractive than the obsolete Trans - Siberian Railway .
Moreover , Kazakhstan 's participation in the project almost completely eliminates the issue of its further foreign policy orientation – it has shifted from Moscow to Beijing .
By the way , in this context , Ukraine also has a unique opportunity to expand its own transit opportunities thanks to Chinese shipments . [ 23 ]
- China Pivot Off : Gas cooperation between Russia and China is frozen .
The gas contract between Russia ’s Gazprom and China 's CNPC on construction of a Power of Siberia pipeline , pompously presented earlier ( signed in May 2014 , its estimated total value was $ 400 billion ) , is frozen for an indefinite period .
As it turned out , the idea of ​​reorientation of Russian gas exports from Europe to Asia , with China being a priority , has failed .
The main reason is the reduction of gas consumption in China caused by the slowdown in the country ’s economic growth , the development of gas production within its own territory ( By 2020 , China will have produced nearly 30 bcm of shale gas alone ) , focus on gas imports from Turkmenistan ( China currently imports 30 bcm of gas from Turkmenistan , with the possibility of expanding imports to 60 - 70 bcm by 2020 ) , as well as a gradual decrease in share of oil and gas energy in the country ’s total energy balance within the framework of the latest global trends .
Besides , the Chinese side did not agree to the price offered by Gazprom , which attempted to propose an equivalent to the European price .
China has almost always pushed for the suitable price , which is significantly lower than that for other purchasers of the Russian gas .
It is equally important that Bejing has provided no options of the financial assistance whatsoever for the construction of new gas pipelines on Russian territory , to the Chinese borders .
Such stalemate allows forgetting the prospects of gas cooperation between the two countries .
Besides , it is better for China to wait a full collapse of Putin 's regime , so that , as member of anti-Russian coalition club , it could bite a piece of the “ Siberian pie ” , on far more favorable conditions of access to the those very oil and gas fields .
It seems like China has flagrantly given Putin a “ black mark ” on a gas issue . [ 23 ]
- China Pivot Off ; Bank transactions sour .
With regard to financial cooperation between the two countries , there is growing evidence of Chinese banks ' reluctance to carry out interbank transactions with their Russian partners .
Chinese banks have also considerably reduced participation in foreign trade transactions with Russia .
Cases of recent expansion of payments in rubles and yuan in certain Chinese border provinces can be explained by China ’s will to extend the operating field for yuan , as Bejing has witnessed sharp reduction in the inflow of foreign currency to Russia , especially of the US dollar and euro .
So , Putin should not expect any financial aid from China .
There are currently no other donors due to severe Western sanctions , and they are not expected to emerge any time soon . [ 23 ]
- Chinese Land and Resource Grab : Land is yet another demonstrative issue in Russian - Chinese relations .
More precisely , it is about Bejing ’s rapidly growing appetite for the development of Russian territories .
For example , a huge stir in Russia was caused by the plans of Trans - Baikal regional authorities to lease nearly 300,000 hectares of land to the Chinese company Huae Xinban for a 49 - year term for less than $ 5 per hectare .
Although this issue has not yet been fully resolved , the locals have already organized a protest movement .
Most probably , the opinion of local activists will not be taken into account , and China will get the desired land by either paying more for the rent , or simply by financially stimulating Russian officials .
No wonder the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev offers Russian youth to study Chinese , not just English .
- Chinese Land and Resource Grab : Another fact confirming the intention of China to get hold of as much Russian resources and territories as it possibly can until the final collapse of the present Russian Federation is the country ’s broad interests in Russia ’s Magadan region , the top region in silver mining and the fourth in gold extraction .
Chinese Southwest mining company has decided to invest RUR 400 million this year in the development of deposits of antimony and silver .
The company 's plans cover the construction of roads in the region , mineral exploration , and mining of silver and other precious metals in the already known deposits .
Earlier , the Kremlin did not allow China getting close to Russia ’s main fields of natural resources across Siberia and the Far East . [ 23 ]
- Capital Outflow :
The net outflow of capital from Russia reached $ 32.6 billion during the first quarter of 2015 , according to the Central Bank .
The bank is now forecasting that capital flight may reach $ 131 billion by the end of 2015 .
In reporting first quarter numbers , the Central Bank also upwardly revised the 2014 figure for net capital outflow to $ 154.1 billion from the previously reported $ 151.5 billion .
That figure marks the highest annual total of capital flight since the Central Bank started tracking the trend back in 1994 . [ 5 ]
- Evaporating Foreign Direct Investments ( FDI ) Foreign investment is now below zero Foreign direct investment stopped coming to Russia at the beginning of 2014 according to Central Bank data .
" Currently , there are direct and indirect bans on investing in Russia and our western partners now have doubts about some of Russia 's large - scale projects , " [ 7 ] and [ 22 ]
- Growing prolonged recession : Russian wo n’t likely come out of the recession until 2018 if that . [ 7 ]
- Budget Deficit : Russia ’s central government has cut its budget by 10 percent across the board in 2015 , except for defense .
As a result , social programs have been slashed , and even funding to host the World Cup 2018 has been severely restrained . [ 15 ]
Also Ukraine ready to stop financing Donbas enclave controlled by Russian terrorists [ 39
- Budget Deficit :
Are the RU coffers are running dry even for insiders ?
Will pensioners make up the difference ?
Watch for pension cuts - Walter Derzko .
The Russian government has refused Russian Rail , the state rail operator ’s request for $ 1.83 bn in funding next year , casting doubt on ambitious rail infrastructure plans .
Russian Railways had asked for $ 1.83bn in 2016 from the federal budget and from Russia ’s $ 75 bn oil - revenue - fuelled sovereign wealth fund , the National Wealth Fund , to maintain its financial stability , saying it would otherwise need to raise tariffs by 17.7 % .
Also last week the government rejected oil monopoly Rosneft ’s request for $ 4.3 bn to fund five capital projects , The Financial Times ( FT ) reported .
The government said it would fund one of the projects , a new shipyard , but only if enough advanced orders demonstrated its commercial viability .
The FT observed that the fall in the value of the ruble and the closure of western capital markets resulting from sanctions has “ triggered a scramble ” to secure finance from the National Wealth Fund , which support ’s Russia ’s pension system . [ 60 ]
- Plummeting Rouble : The Rouble has lost over 50 % of its value against the $ USD in 2015 [ 7 ]
- Plummeting Rouble : As Rouble Collapses , Russia ’s Cossacks Issue Their Own Currency – with Putin ’s Picture on It [ 12 ]
- Credit Rating : JUNK ; Junk credit rating June 23 , 2015 Russia will probably be saddled with a junk credit rating for two more years , Standard & Poor ’s said , joining Moody ’s Investors Service in dashing expectations by officials for a higher debt grade .
“ It is unlikely that the ratings will be raised in the next 24 months , ” Trevor Cullinan , sovereign analyst at S&P , said in an e-mailed response to questions on Tuesday .
The nation ’s negative outlook “ indicates that we could downgrade Russia over the next 12 months if external and fiscal buffers deteriorate faster than we currently expect . ”
- War in Ukraine : Moscow has spent an estimated 53 billion rubles ( $ 835 million ) as of May 2015 to support and finance the separatist forces fighting in eastern Ukraine ( UNIAN , May 12 ) .
- War in Ukraine : Putin calculated that everyone would close their eyes to the annexation of Crimea .
After an initial burst of euphoria , Crimea has turned out to be a burden rather than a victory ; Ukrainians in the east have not supported Putin ’s aggression , and “ besides , the West is acting in a very monolithic and consolidated way by introducing serious sanctions which are constantly being intensified .
At the same time , no one supports Russia , ” not even its “ closest and most dependent ” neighbors . [ 25 ]
- War in Ukraine : Eastern Ukraine resembles Transdniestria but not really Abkhazia or South Osetia , Zubov suggests .
Both places are ones in which “ the soviet mentality dominates . ”
For Ukraine ’s future , “ it is very important that this mentality be overcome , ” and that will require tact and care in dealing with the population of the east once Russian forces leave .
Once Moscow pulls its forces out , Zubov argues , pro-Moscow groups “ will not hold out two weeks .
They understand that perfectly well , and therefore as soon as Russia leaves the Donbas , they will go with it , surrender or flee .
The so - called LNR and DNR will cease their existence very quickly . ” [ 25 ]
- War in Ukraine : And Russia will leave { Ukraine} because it does not want to suffer further sanctions and become a large North Korea .
According to Zubov , “ unofficial talks are going on about this now . ”
Their task is simple : how can Russia leave without losing face .
“ But apparently , it wo n’t be able to do so without losing face . ”
Thus , Ukraine will have to show great tact in dealing with the situation .
Putin was n’t prepared for all this because he had not prepared for war .
Indeed , Zubov says , “ no one seriously thought about war even in Soviet times , and when Khrushchev attempted to do something in Cuba in 1962 , he was immediately removed .
Everyone understands that nuclear war is impossible .
Therefore Russia only uses this as a threat . ” [ 25 ]
- War in Ukraine : How will Putin pull out ?
Zubov says that in his view , Putin launched his aggression in Ukraine for three reasons : to boost his popularity , to keep Ukraine from leaving the Russian sphere of influence , and to ensure that Russia ’s military - industrial complex would not suffer given the importance of Ukrainian plants for its operation .
But because he miscalculated , the Kremlin leader “ has lost everything . ” [ 25 ]
- War in Ukraine : Dead Russian soldiers a state secret .
Last May President Putin officially declared military deaths in peacetime a state secret .
His decision was seen as an attempt to cover up the Kremlin ’s role in the Ukraine war .
Russian human - rights groups protested Putin ’s decree .
Last week , the Supreme Court upheld Putin ’s decree , ruling against the complaint by a Russian civil society group claiming that the decree was illegal , that it was hiding the true information about Russia ’s military involvement in eastern Ukraine . [ 33 ]
- War in Ukraine : Russia lets war dead figure in Ukraine Slip : Russian journal Delovaya Zhizn Wednesday accidentally published army pay figures , saying " as of February 1 , 2015 , monetary compensation had been paid to more than 2,000 families of fallen soldiers " in Ukraine , according to business magazine Forbes .
Russia has long denied its soldiers are fighting in Ukraine . [ 57 ]
It is important to note that the figure of 2,000 killed , 3,200 wounded probably only includes Russian soldiers ( not irregulars ) and that the figure only goes up to 1 February .
The battle of Debaltseve , possibly the largest battle of the war , had not even peaked yet ( this happened in mid-Feb ) and Russian casualty figures from that battle are not included and may be significantly higher .
In mid-October , Gideon Rachman of the FT reported that the German government estimated between 500 and 3000 Russian troops had died in E Ukraine .
If these figures are correct , it means that in less than a year of war Russia has lost as many men as the US has in the entire 14 - year Afghan war ( 2,344 as of June 2015 . )
According to these figures ,
If we assume there have been regular Russian troops in Ukraine since May 1st , 2014 , losses between then and Feb 1 2015 were about 77 a week .
While there may have been small contingents of Russian soldiers and specialists in Ukraine from April - August 2014 ( say , to operate complex equipment like radars , AA missiles , etc. ) large Russian formations probably did not show up in Ukraine till August 2014 ( as opposed to Spetnzaz , who have been there the whole time ) so the actual death rate inflicted on Russian units by the Ukrainians could be even higher .
For comparison , the Soviet army lost about 35 soldiers a week during the Soviet - Afghan war according to official figure [ 7 ]
- War in Ukraine : War Reparation Anders Aslund , Senior Fellow at the Atlantic Council stated , " Absurdly , Ukraine is supposed to repay Russia a $ 3 billion Eurobond in December that Russia issued in December 2013 to save former President Viktor Yanukovych .
Why should Ukraine pay anything to its aggressor ?
Ukraine has already raised a number of international law cases against Russia for its illegal annexation of Crimea and its confiscation of state and private property there .
The United States and the European Union need to reinforce their manifold sanctions against Russia by providing full legal and political support to Ukraine and insist that the country should not pay Russia .
An aggressor should pay war reparations , as Iraq was forced to do after it attempted to annex Kuwait in 1990 .
Ukraine has come a long way .
The United States and European Union need to tip the balance to its success . "
Aug 27 , 2015
- Western sanctions hurting economy : Sanctions could cost Russian industry $ 20 bln : Official [ 9 ]
- Uncontrolled inflation : Russia ’s inflation rate hit 16.9 percent in the first half of 2015 , cutting wage values by 14 percent over the last 12 months . [ 15 ]
- Putin ’s approval rating drops : Putin 's approval ratings drops by 4 - 5 % ... start of a trend ?
Higher prices dent Putin 's sky - high popularity .
Russians ' concern about rising prices has eroded President Vladimir Putin 's approval ratings but these remain extremely high , the daily Vedomosti reported on Friday .
It cited a poll by the Public Opinion Foundation as showing that 72 percent
of Russians would have voted for Putin in August , down from 76 percent in May .
Another poll , by the Levada Center , showed that in August 83 percent of Russians approved of the President 's actions , down from an all - time high of 89 percent in May . [ 64 ]
- Low energy / oil prices ;
The Russian budget needed $ 85 - $ 100 oil to break even , depending on which source you listen to .
Now in Aug 2015 it ’s in the mid $ 40 s
- Low energy / oil prices : Russia is at the Mercy of Oil Markets .
The price of oil has now fallen below $ 45 a barrel — welcome to the new normal .
OPEC continues to pump oil at historic rates as it tries to price out competitors ( US fracking and LNG ) , and Iran expects to bring over a million new barrels a day to world markets after the lifting of international sanctions .
These are deeply troubling developments for Moscow , which relies on oil and gas sales for nearly 50 percent of its government revenues .
In 1999 , oil and gas accounted for less than half of Russia ’s export proceeds ; today they account for 68 percent .
Moscow has grown so reliant on energy sales that for each dollar the price of oil drops , Russia loses about $ 2 billion in potential sales .
For Russia to balance its budget , oil will need to surge back to $ 100 a barrel .
That ’s going to take a while .
( CNBC , CNN , Wall Street Journal , World Affairs , EIA , BBC , Financial Times ) [ 21 ]
- Low energy / oil prices : Quality of Russia 's crude reserves deteriorating admits Russian ministry [ 13 ]
- Low energy / oil prices : Eleven of Russia ’s 14 oil processing firms are now operating at a deficit ; and consequently , “ what we see today is just the quiet before a very strong storm . ” [ 20 ]
- Low energy / oil prices :
Even if oil prices were to rise to 70 dollars a barrel , that would not be enough to prevent a further decline in the Russian economy .
And given that the actual price will be much lower , that decline will be very steep indeed .
As prices fall to 40 dollars a barrel , Zhukovsky says , Russia will discover “ a third bottom ” and then “ a fourth ” and so on . [ 20 ]
- Low energy / oil prices :
Most analysts think that at the present time , the amount of oil produced exceeds demand by 1.4 to 1.7 million barrels a day .
That will push prices down further as will the return online of Iranian production .
Prices will thus fall , and Russia , although not an OPEC member , produces enough to affect prices – or at least it could have a year ago .
“ Now , let us consider the statistics , ” Inozemtsev says .
OPEC countries were producing 36.6 million barrels a day in 2014 ; Russia was producing 10.8 million .
At the November 2014 OPEC meeting , Igor Sechin , the head of Rosneft and a close ally of Vladimir Putin , flew in and declared , for the first time officially , that that company had “ already reduced production by 25,000 barrels a day and was prepared to discuss its further reduction . ”
“ If [ Russia ] had wanted to support OPEC in the regulation of prices , it should have suggested cutting production by 400 - 450,000 barrels a day and preferably even more , ” not the miserly amount it did .
Why did n’t Moscow do the rational thing as far as prices were concerned ?
Inozemtsev asks rhetorically .
The answer lies in the fact that “ Rosneft remains the main taxpayer of the country , ” and cutting production would thus reduce the income of the Russian state .
But now because of what it failed to do in October 2014 , Moscow faces a much greater loss of income . [ 49 ]
- Surplus of energy on the world markets ; the real essence of Putin 's energy woes are structural , not cyclical .
The global energy game is changing — and it is not changing in Moscow 's favor .
Shale , liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) , and renewables — three areas where Russia is extremely weak — are ascendant and are dramatically altering the market . [ 8 ]
- Energy - dependent , undiversified economy :
If one looks at Gazprom as a barometer of Russia 's fortunes , one statistic says it all : in 2008 , the company had a market value of $ 360 billion ; today it is worth just $ 55 billion . [ 8 ]
- Uncompetitive Raw Material Economy : Along with the nuclear arsenal , “ the Putin regime inherited from the USSR a raw materials economy with serious internal disproportions ” which left it uncompetitive in foreign markets . ” [ 58 ]
- Lack of Diversification & Entrepreneurship :
It ’s not simply the size of your economy , but its diversity and resilience that counts .
For years , the Kremlin has supported and protected large state - owned companies at the expense of small and medium - sized enterprises ( SMEs ) .
But those smaller firms are the foundation of any strong and well - diversified economy .
SMEs spur innovation and respond effectively to changing times , technologies , and consumer tastes .
In the EU , SMEs contribute an average of 40 percent to their respective countries ’ GDP ; in Russia , SMEs contribute just 15 percent .
Those are daunting figures for anyone looking to start a business in Russia .
Things are n’t getting better — between 2008 and 2012 , Russia ’s private sector lost 300,000 jobs while the state added 1.1 million workers to its payroll .
Rather than diversifying , Moscow is doubling down on its state - centered approach to economic development .
( JYSkebank , The Economist ) [ 21 ]
- No Technology substitution : Russians need to recognize that the low oil prices are not the product of “ a conspiracy of the US and the Arabs against Russia . ”
Instead , they are the result of an Arab effort to drive down the price so that the latest technological innovations in extraction technology the Americans have will not be profitable .
Russia is n’t part of the equation for either , Zhukovsky says , but this also means , the basic trend wo n’t change anytime soon .
Moreover , if Russia sits and does not make fundamental change , the new oil extraction technologies will in fact be “ a death sentence ” for the Russian economy .
Russia ’s only chance to “ move forward ” is to focus on scientific and technical progress , to behave as the Chinese have done gradually shifting into ever higher tech areas rather than relying on the sale of natural resources or minimally processed goods .
But that is not what the Russian government is doing . [ 20 ]
- Economic speculation : Vladislav Zhukovsky , an economist known for predicting disasters in the Russian economy and for then turning out to be right , says that the situation is more dire than almost anyone imagines because oil is heading to 25 US dollars a barrel , the ruble to 125 to the US dollar , and inflation to 30 percent .
If he is even partially correct , Russia faces not a “ black Monday ” or a “ black September ” but a “ black ” and bleak future . [… ]
Many at the top of the Russian economic pyramid are behaving as they did in 1998 , betting on an ever weaker ruble by buying hard currency and then planning to get back into the Russian market later at firesale prices and thus improving their position but not the country ’s .
These people , Zhukovsky says , “ have their families , portfolios and property abroad .
They are interested in having the situation in Russia be as bad as possible and the ruble to fall as far as possible so that they will be able to sell their apartments there and buy them here on the cheap . ”
In 1998 , at the time of defaults , the Russian stock market fell 80 percent , the ruble fell 84 percent , “ and all our bureaucrats … took the money they had and converted it into hard currency .
“ When the market collapsed , they bought shares at three cents on the dollar .
The very same thing is happening now .
Moreover , Zhukovsky adds , after the coming collapse “ the American , European or Chinese investors will come . ”
They too will take advantage of the low prices just as they did in 1992 and 1998 [ 20 ]
- Independent Press shut down : [ 7 ]
- Opposition hounded , jailed or murdered : Murder of Boris Nemtsov [ 7 ] & [ 59 ]
- Western food embargo ; Putin orders that 600 tons of western food be destroyed [ 42 ]
- Western food embargo : Putin hopes local producers will fill the export food gap , but Moscow Strawberries Rot in Fields After Trade Near Metro Banned
- Western food embargo : Putin to ban four EU food exporters - Albania , Iceland , Liechtenstein , and Montenegro and Ukrainian food exports to Russia from Jan 1 , 2016 if Ukraine implements the trade provisions of its EU association treaty ;
The potential Ukraine ban is more significant , with food exports to Russia last year still worth $ 415 million , out of total exports of $ 11 billion , despite the conflict over Crimea and in east Ukraine .
The Iceland ban is the biggest .
According to Russia ’s Federal Customs Service , the Nordic state exported $ 232 million of mostly seafood to Russia in 2014 .
Albania exported $ 10 million of fruit and dairy .
Montenegro exported $ 40,000 of fruit and vegetables .
Liechtenstein did n’t export any food . [ 19 ]
- Wine Ban : Russia bans 3 California wines [ 48 ]
- Detergent & Soap Ban : Russian regulator makes retailers clean shelves from foreign detergents .
Russia 's Federal Service for Health and Consumer Rights ( Rospotrebnadzor ) has made retailers withdraw foreign - made detergents , namely those produced by Henkel , Procter & Gamble and Colgate - Palmolive , from shelves , according to Russian online newspaper Kommersant . [ 47 ]
- Medical Import Ban : “ Health experts say that the ban , which targets more than 100 kinds of foreign - made medical goods and equipment , would deal a devastating blow to Russia ’s most vulnerable citizens .
Under the proposal , state - funded facilities would no longer be allowed to import items such as ventilators , MRI scanners , X -ray and ultrasound machines , defibrillators … ”
But private clinics can [ 45 ]
- Internet , social network ban :
One of the Kremlin ’s most senior officials , Nikolay Patrushev , Speaking at a Vladivostok conference today , denounced the use by officials of “ foreign ” resources like Google , Yahoo , WhatsApp , and others as a threat to national security ( regions.ru/news/2558115/ ) .
He said that this is “ a systemic issue for all of Russia , but in the Far East , it is especially serious . ”
Patrushev asked that the heads of the regions there “ devote particular attention to these issues and take corresponding measures . ”
Continuing “ negligence ” in this area will not be tolerated .
The Russian Security Council official ’s remarks follow earlier reports that the Duma may adopt a law this fall that would “ prohibit bureaucrats and state employees from using social networks at work . ”
Observers say that this measure will be considered this fall , after the law on “ cyber sovereignty ” goes into effect on September 1 . [ 50 ]
- Jokes , satire and anecdotes about Putin and the regime : " If you see smoke and smell burning rubber , do n't rush to call the fire department .
It 's probably the smell of your neighbors using Russian contraceptives " ) ) ) [ 16 ]
- Growing poverty levels : Caught up in the worst economic decline since the 1998 ruble crisis , Russia ’s national poverty rate increased by 14 percent in the first half of this year .
So far , Russia has been unwilling to increase the minimum wage or social benefits to fight poverty . [ 15 ]
- Growing poverty levels :
As of Aug 2015 , 23 million Russians live below the poverty level and another 14 million that live in 319 single industry cities and towns can be soon be added to the poverty rolls since the Russian government can’t afford to pay subsidies [ 7 ] and [ 27 ]
- Growing poverty levels : Moscow stores report growing theft of food and even toilet paper [ 29 ]
- Growing poverty levels : Government Proposal to Limit Russians ' Ownership of Livestock Elicits Outrage [ 10 ]
- Growing Poverty levels ** : Falling or
No government subsidies for 319 single industry towns who have lost their single industrial base [ 7 ] and [ 27 ]
- Inequality of wealth According to the Global Wealth Report , Russia leads the world in terms of inequality of wealth with the top one percent having 71 percent of the wealth of the country , a far higher figure than in other countries , including the United States , according to Moscow commentator Igor Yakovenko .
But what is worse about this is that those at the top of the wealth pyramid in Russia generally go there not by their own efforts as is the case in the West but rather by raiding state assets and selling them off and have not displayed the inclination to philanthropy that Western billionaires typically do ( kasparov.ru/material.php?id=55E1D63C9A0CE ) . [ 69 ]
- Subsidy Drag :
There are 319 single industry towns who have lost their single industrial base [ 7 ] and [ 27 ]
- Subsidy Drag :
Only three former USSR territories have economies that could make a contribution to the Russian Federation or the Eurasian Union : Kazakhstan , Azerbaijan and Turkmenistan .
The rest are an economic drag - the economically badly off countries of the CIS – Uzbekistan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan , Armenia , Moldova and others .
- Subsidy Drag : Added Russian Budget deficit**; Ukraine ready to stop financing Donbas enclave controlled by Russian terrorists [ 39 ]
- Military Industrial complex decay ** : “ A couple of months ago , Vladimir Ryzhkov visited Mikhail Sokolov on air of Radio Svoboda and lamented the fact that Putin ’s geopolitical adventures were destroying the Russian military - industrial complex , because a huge part of the supply of components , systems , engines , etc. in the Russian arsenal belonged to the Ukrainian companies .
Now they do not cooperate with the Russian military - industrial complex , and the Russian military - industrial complex will be destroyed .
In September 2014 , in the first round of the Ukrainian sanctions against Russia , apart from other measures , it was banned to export a number of military goods .
Now the government of Ukraine has approved an expanded package of sanctions .
It is supposed that the sanctions list will include 156 legal entities and more than a thousand individuals , among whom will surely be many organizations and people from the Russian military - industrial complex . [ 7 ] and [ 24 ]
- Unsustainable Militarization & renewal stalling : Russia will not need its military - industrial complex for the next 20 - 30 years .
Russia needs receivership and the Marshall Plan .
This statement would be wrong , if the Constitution of the Russian Federation acted in Russia , and there was society in the sense of ‘ nation ’ .
But we have nothing , and will not have , as long as it appears with the help of receivership as it was in West Germany after 1945 and de-Nazification .
The Russian military - industrial complex is doomed .
The Russian military - industrial complex has international sanctions imposed against it , which have long hammered the final nail in its coffin by a simple forward contract .
The latest weapons of the XXI century and the sanctions against the Russian military - industrial complex are incompatible with each other .
The program of upgrading the Russian army for the period up to 2020 is just the greatest scheme of stealing 20 trillion rubles in the history of Russia , and nothing more .
By 2020 , some will become very rich , a lot of people will become very poor , but there will be no Russian military - industrial complex , as there will be no XXI century weapons .
When the ‘ guns before butter ’ choice is made , in the conditions of attacks on other countries and international sanctions , there will be no guns , no butter , no country , ” Rabinovich wrote on his page on Facebook [ 7 ] and [ 24 ]
- Unsustainable Militarization & renewal stalling : Defence spending .
“ Even as the country projects a muscular image , a falling ruble and weaker economy has forced the Kremlin to scale back its ambitious plans for a multibillion - dollar military modernization .
Russia ’s Defense Ministry has cut the number of Sukhoi T - 50 stealth fighters it will buy in its initial order from as many as 100 to 12 , an official close to the defense industry said . [ 62 ]
- Collapse of defence parts industry ** Russia has no substitution for many critical Ukrainian military parts [ 7 ]
- Russian navy falling apart :
The only RU aircraft carrier Kuznetsov does n't have many years left in her .
Her boilers are " defective , " according to the trade publication Defense Industry Daily .
Yet when she goes to the breakers to be dismantled , Moscow could find it impossible to replace her .
For one , the shipyard that built all the Soviet carriers now belongs to Ukraine .
It lies just outside of Crimea , and Russian forces did not manage to seize it .
Moreover , Ukraine is still the exclusive supplier for many of the heavy components , including engines and gears , for Russia 's warships — even the ones Russia builds in its northern shipyard .
With the continuing tense stand - off , Kiev recently banned arms sales to Moscow .
Russia 's attempts to revitalize its domestic shipbuilding industry have not gone smoothly .
In 2005 , India inked a nearly $ 1 - billion deal with Russia for a rebuilt Soviet - era small flattop .
Russia 's work on Vikramaditya was so poor , however , that she suffered a near - total breakdown shortly after her purported completion in 2012 .
India finally accepted Vikramaditya in 2014 — after the total cost of her refurbishment had nearly tripled to $ 2.3 billion .
If Russia can't even remodel an existing warship , imagine the difficulties it would face designing and building a big new ship from scratch . [ 52 ]
- Aging defence industry workforce [ 7 ]
- Inexperienced defence industry workforce : Russia is facing difficulties filling critical jobs with largely unskilled non-Russian migrants , many working illegally in the country . [ 6 ] and [ 7 ]
- Educational Decay : According to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development , OECD , the proportion of Russia 's adult population with postsecondary training or degrees is higher than in almost any OECD country .
And in the Soviet era , Russian scientists and inventors were renowned for their acumen ( albeit mainly in fields with military applications ) .
But today , Russia 's educational system appears to be broken , or at least the country seems unable to derive the expected benefits from it [ 1 ]
- Educational Decay : Standardized international test results reveal that Russian primary and secondary schooling today is at best mediocre .
In a 2009 OECD test to measure scholastic performance , Russian students ' reading scores were lower than Turkish students ' , and Turkey itself is near the bottom of the OECD rankings .
Russia 's university and higher education system looks even worse . [ 1 ]
- Lack of Innovation : Although Russia today accounts for about six percent of the world 's population with a postsecondary education , barely 0.1 percent of the worldwide patents granted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office over the last decade and a half were awarded to Russians .
This is not some U.S. conspiracy against Russian inventors : the records of the UN's World Intellectual Property Organization show that Russia 's share of out - of - country patent applications over that same period was less than 0.2 percent of the global total . [ 1 ]
- Lack of Innovation :
The picture is hardly better when it comes to the output of scientific papers : the number of articles by Russians in peer - reviewed journals was no higher in 2008 than it had been in 1990 , whereas output almost everywhere else in the world rose over those same years .
By 2008 , Russian authors were publishing far fewer scientific papers than the authors of Russia 's BRIC peers : Brazil , China , and India .
In effect , Russia stands as a new and disturbing wonder in today 's globalized world : a society characterized by high levels of schooling but low levels of health , knowledge , and education . [ 1 ]
- Lack of Innovation : Russia 's Space Program in Crisis After Decades of Brain Drain , Neglect .
" The Russian space industry is in an obvious state of crisis , " said Asif Siddiqi , a professor at Fordham University in New York and an expert on Russia 's space program .
Russia has lost 15 spacecraft since 2010 , with assembly mistakes blamed in most cases . [ 41 ]
- Lack of Innovation : " We 've fallen behind on {our space} science program ...
We 've forgotten how to make and fly unmanned probes , " said Igor Marinin , head of industry publication Novosti Kosmonavtiki .
Space probes take years to reach their destination — but Russia does not have a single one making its way through space .
Its latest successful probe wrapped operations in 1986 .
Part of the problem is that while Russia boosted space spending from $ 960 million in 2005 to $ 4.1 billion last year , this is still dwarfed by NASA , which spent $ 17.6 billion in 2014 . [ 44 ]
- Innovation : Brain Drain **: A brain drain is also hobbling the sector .
The Russian space industry was depleted of manpower after the Soviet Union 's collapse in 1991 and many experts fled to better - paying jobs in the West .
This , in turn , caused a generation gap , particularly in crucial research and development .
" None of the long - term plans proposed in the past 15 years have been completely achieved on time " " The 40 - somethings that are supposed to be taking up top jobs in the industry should have started in the 1990s — and they didn't , " Marinin said .
And while salaries have improved over the last two decades , they still have n't reached anything close to parity with the West : A Russian cosmonaut made just $ 26,000 a year in 2012 , compared to $ 63,000 to $ 139,000 at NASA , according to state agency RIA Novosti .
Money problems are n't going away .
Falling oil prices and Western sanctions could see billions stripped from Russia 's space program over the coming years , experts say .
This is money that Russia 's Federal Space Agency , the Roscosmos , can hardly afford to lose .
( Roscosmos did not respond to a request for comment on this story ) .
So Russia 's state - dominated space industry is set to continue struggling to outperform its Western counterparts .
Meanwhile , existing companies are plagued by lack of quality control and expert oversight .
In 2013 , a Proton rocket was lost because a worker installed a sensor upside down — and hammered it in to fit .
Added to this , economic sanctions mean certain spaceship components can no longer be imported ( from Ukraine or the west - WD ) and must now be reinvented in Russia . [ 44 ]
- Innovation : Brain Drain : 1/3 of university graduates want to emigrate from RU work abroad [ 55 ]
- Alienation of Europe & the West ; Putin and company have managed to alienate the entire civilized world and to become a pariah state . [ 40 ]
Most recently the Russian Veto in the UN Security council over the MH17 tribunal
- Alienation of Europe & the West : Russia has outraged and alienated Europe and much of the Arab world .
It is fitting that Russian analysts are calling for Moscow to defend its final stronghold in the Middle East .
Thanks to the work of our agents of influence , Syria is set to become Russia ’s Last Stand in the region .
Even the short - term survival of the Assad regime only works to deepen the bitterness the Sunni majority feels toward Russia .
Indeed , Russia ’s identification with Shi’a forces — Iran , Assad , and Hizballah — ensures the wider alienation of Russia from the 90 percent of the world ’s Muslims who are Sunni .
As we ’ve already seen in Libya , the inevitable collapse of Assad and other retrograde client states elsewhere will ultimately deprive Russia of the billions of dollars it invested there , and leave Moscow increasingly isolated and disliked internationally . [ 7 ]
- Pariah state : Spies and agents of influence : Four European parties from the far right to the radical left -- France ’s National Front , the U.K. Independence Party , the Danish People ’s party and Greece ’s Syriza -- have expressed sympathy for Putin while finishing first in their national elections to the European Parliament last year .
Putin has worked to build bridges to governments in Greece , Cyprus and Hungary .
One of Budapest ’s lawmakers in the EU Parliament , Bela Kovacs , is accused by Hungarian prosecutors of being a Russian spy , which he denies .
“ If you look at almost every far - left or far - right organization in Europe today , the one unifying theme is that they all look up to Mr. Putin as a role model , ” Eyal , director of the London - based Royal United Services Institute for defense studies , or RUSI , said in an interview in London .
Putin has built an “ enormous apparatus ” across Europe in part because of the huge sums of money he ’s been showering on the spy services , according to Oleg Gordievsky , a former KGB colonel who spied for the U.K. from 1974 to 1985 , when he was smuggled into Finland in the trunk of a car . [ 43 ]
- Pariah state : Spies and agents of influence : Sweden ’s service , SAPO , says that Russia has deployed “ hundreds ” of spies on missions around Europe , including Stockholm , and that they operate across “ a series of platforms , ” including consulting , media and travel .
Defense , national security and law enforcement now eat up 34 percent of Russia ’s budget , more than double the level in 2010 .
The share of spending that ’s black -- authorized but not itemized -- has doubled in the period to 21 percent , or 3.2 trillion rubles ( $ 50 billion ) , according to the Gaidar Institute , an independent research group in Moscow . [ 7 ] and [ 43 ]
- Pariah State : Russia FSB fueling ISIS with Jihadists .
Even as America touts its counterterrorism partnerships with Russia , evidence points to the FSB directly feeding Dagestanis to ISIS .
[...]
Proof , if it were needed , for how valued this cooperation is among U.S. policymakers came in the conspicuous absence of Alexander Bortnikov , the director of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ) , Russia ’s domestic intelligence agency , from sanctions levied by the Treasury Department against Russian officials .
The sanctions targeted bureaucrats involved in both the invasion and occupation of Crimea and the unacknowledged maskirovka war that Moscow is still waging in eastern Ukraine — a war that has drawn amply on the resources of the FSB and has included several “ former ” FSB officers on the battlefield .
Not only was Bortnikov not sanctioned , he was invited by the White House last February as a guest to President Obama ’s three - day conference on “ countering violent extremism , ” whereas the current FBI director , James Comey , was not . [...]
Yet a recent investigation conducted by Novaya Gazeta , one of the few independent newspapers left in Russia , complicates this cozy tale of counterterrorist cooperation .
Based on extensive fieldwork in one village in the North Caucasus , reporter Elena Milashina has concluded that the “ Russian special services have controlled ” the flow of jihadists into Syria , where they have lately joined up not only with ISIS but other radical Islamist factions .
In other words , Russian officials are adding to the ranks of terrorists which the Russian government has deemed a collective threat to the security and longevity of its dictatorial ally on the Mediterranean , Bashar al - Assad . [ … ]
The FSB established a “ green corridor ” to allow them { Jihadists} to migrate first to Turkey , and then to Syria .
( Russians , including those living in the North Caucasus , can catch any of the daily non-stop flights to Istanbul and visit Turkey without a visa . ) [ 46 ]
- Soviet style show trials : Russian military kangaroo court sentenced Ukrainian film director Oleh Sentsov and Ukrainian civic activist Oleksandr Kolchenko to , respectively , 20 and 10 years imprisonment on trumped - up charges of terrorism .
Amnesty International and other human rights groups immediately responded with protests , while Amnesty ’s press secretary in Ukraine compared the trial to Stalinist ( or Soviet ) show trials . [ 53 ] and [ 68 ]
- No Incentive to Change ** : Russia ’s biggest problem may be denial .
Typically , a stumbling economy brings about change in political leadership .
Some countries , like Greece , take this to an extreme — Athens has seen five different governments in five years .
But Russians have gone the other way — as their economy has slowed , Putin has grown more popular ; he now holds an approval rating of 86 percent .
More surprising is that while 73 percent of Russians are unhappy with their economy , 7 in 10 approve of the way Putin is handling it .
How is that possible ?
About 90 percent of all Russians get their news from Russian television channels directly controlled by the Kremlin .
By framing sanctions and the invasion of Ukraine as “ Russia vs. the West ” , Putin has succeeded in stoking the country ’s nationalism .
Today , 63 percent of Russians have a very favorable view of their country , up from 29 percent in 2013 and 51 percent in 2014 .
It ’s easier under those circumstances to blame bad economic circumstances on outsiders .
Credit where credit ’s due — Putin knows what his people want to hear .
It ’s just not clear if he knows how to fix his flailing economy .
( TIME , Pew Research Center , Washington Post , Pew Research Center ) [ 21 ]
- No Constant Pressure on Elites : Unwillingness of the population to keep up the pressure on elites .
In January 1991 , nearly half a million Russians went into the streets in Moscow to protest the Kremlin ’s actions in Lithuania ; and that “ response of the Muscovites was a decisive factor in the liberation of the Baltic countries . ”
But a few years later , far fewer were ready to go into the streets to protest Yeltsin ’s criminal war against Chechnya .
And “ what do we see now ? ”
There were protests at the end of 2011 and in May 2012 , but the numbers were much smaller , a maximum of 100,000 ; and those who took part were immediately “ written down as a fifth column . ”
And there have been far fewer brave enough to protest what Moscow is doing in Ukraine . [ 36 ]
- No Lustration : failure of the country to conduct lustration so that those with the values and styles of the Soviet regime would not return .
They did not ask themselves the most obvious question : could they imagine a post - war Germany in which a Gestapo officer could become chancellor ?
But because they did not resist this in Russia ’s case , “ the KGB ( now the FSB ) was preserved , not reformed , and has taken its revenge . ” Kovalyev says that he does not exclude the possibility that the Russian Federation will suffer the same fate as the USSR , adding that he “ has hope and at the same time fear that the current situation cannot extend for a long time . ”
It is clearly the case that the current regime must be replaced , but it is “ another question as to who can be its replacement . ” [ 36 ]
- Arms Trade : “ Russia Russian civil aviation companies face a disappointing week at the country 's largest air show that opened on Tuesday as economic crisis and Western sanctions take a heavy toll on order books and scare away many foreign firms .
" The reasons why the number of deals is falling is very simple - the Russian aviation market is shrinking because of a steep rouble devaluation as people 's purchasing power declines and they travel less abroad , " said Andrei Rozhkov , infrastructure analyst from Metropol brokerage .
" Russian companies have not only stopped purchasing new planes , they are postponing delivery under old contracts .
By contrast , demand for Russian military aircraft is booming and the biennial MAKS air show is increasingly being used to showcase the country 's military might . " [ 67 ]
- Hopelessness :
The gloom now reflects the old adage that “ the night is darkest just before the dawn . ” [ 36 ]
- Silent minority : According to Gudkov , there is still some hope : approximately ten percent of the Russian population is interested in and animated by the values of democracy , " the more educated and the more entrepreneurial . "
But at present , this group is divided and disoriented and mired in depression .
What is needed now , he concludes , is an active search for new forces which can provide optimism and the basis for a new rise in social consciousness . [ 70 ]
- Kremlin Revolt** : Kremlin Elite Engaged in Search for Putin's Replacement , Piontkovsky Says Aug 13 , 2015 by Paul Goble [ 14 ]
- Kremlin Revolt**: Putin Alienating Kremlin Elites with His Nuclear Blackmail Threats
Such a demonstration of “ schizophrenia in the Kremlin , ” one that is approaching “ the clinical , ” Borovoy argues , frightens those with the elite who still have a modicum of good sense because it signals that there is very little Moscow might do and that the actions of the foreign ministry are simply another part of the Kremlin ’s “ propaganda machine . ”
Those within the elite may be more likely to desert him over this than even over economic sanctions , Borovoy suggests , because everyone can now see that the Putin regime is behaving according to the following “ inadequate ” logic : “ Because we do not like your reaction to the downing of the Boeing , we will no longer feel bound by the non-proliferation treaty and provide nuclear arms to those who want them . ”
Such a declaration , the Russian opposition figure says , is “ in violation of all international agreements . ”
Moreover , he argues , “ the despair in which Putin finds himself suggests that such inadequate actions will be carried out . ”
That in turn will force the international community to conclude that one of its members “ has gone mad . ” [ 30 ]
- Kremlin Revolt**: Is A Slow Putsch Against Putin Under Way ? [ 35 ]
- Kremlin Revolt **
Opposition calls for civil disobedience ; Mikhail Khodorkovsky says that Russian citizens are fully entitled not to observe unjust laws imposed not to promote justice but to protect the power of Vladimir Putin , a potentially dramatic development in the relationship between the Russian opposition , the Russian people , and the Kremlin [ 56 ]
- Xenophobia : Foreign Agents Law .
“ it is immoral and unjust to label groups ‘ foreign agents ’ and drive out of the country the Dynasty Foundation which supports scholarship while at the same time [ the pro-Kremlin ] United Russia Party receives financing from offshore accounts . ” [ 56 ]
- From authoritarian to totalitarian state :
If Russia continues on its current course and if the regime restores a totalitarian system , " if the interests of the state stand above all , " Lev Gudkov says , " then there is no logical , moral or legal barrier between the destruction of food [ which is happening now ] and the destruction of groups of the population declared to be enemies of the people . "
When " the authorities decide what is moral , what is art , what is worthy and what is not , what is history , how people should engage in sex and how to bring up their children , " the head of the Levada Center says , " then these are signs of the establishment of totalitarian control " ( www.novayagazeta.ru/politics/69727.html).
" Of course , " he adds in a new " Novaya gazeta " interview , " we still are dealing only with attempts to impose it . "
But both those attempts by the regime and the support that they are receiving from the Russian population mean that it is important to focus on them and consider how they might be blocked before a new tragedy occurs .
Russia has been moving from " a typically authoritarian program " in which the authorities say do what you like as long as you do n't touch politics to something more ominous , Gudkov 's interviewer Andrey Lipsky says , arguing that since 2012 " we have become witnesses and unwilling participants in a dangerous drift of the Russian political system toward totalitarianism .
" The " secret political police " never went away and " chekists , former KGB officers with their mentality and their understanding of reality , their phobias and their ideas about the interests of the state came to power .
This ideology penetrated into the functioning of new Russian state structures and has been preserved up to now . "
Moreover , Gudkov adds , " these Soviet institutional structures were not simply restored but combined again into a system .
That which fell apart in 1991 and which with mixed success some attempted to destroy in the first half of the 1990s today has been restored completely .
"
Not only is there a secret police , but there are other aspects of " the so - called totalitarian syndrome " as well : a one - party system which gives some a chance to rise and freezes others out , state control over the media which transforms them into propaganda outlets , and a fusion of the state and the economy thus allowing massive corruption . [ 71 ]
- Ukrainian Hostages : Russia kidnaps and jails Ukrainian hostages ; Russia kidnaps Ukrainian hostages on Ukrainian soil , smuggles them to Russia and sentences them to jail terms on trumped up charges [ 53 ] and [ 68 ]
- Sovereign Debt Default ** : “ International rating agencies like Standard & Poor ’s warn that Russia might default in a massive way sometime in the next two or three years .
They suggest that Russia ’s regions wo n’t be able to pay their debts , and Moscow will have trouble covering them .
Moreover , these experts note , the Russian economy is now in recession , an economic downturn deepened by international sanctions , a decline in the price of oil and the devaluation of the ruble which makes repaying any foreign debt all the more expensive .
“ From this , ” Dokuchayev writes , “ extends a direct path to sovereign default . ”
By the end of this year , Russian companies and banks must repay 134 billion US dollars in foreign obligations .
That is no small sum , but it would seem bearable given that the country ’s reserves are about 400 billion US dollars .
But if Moscow has to cover other losses , seeks to support the ruble , and faces a new drop in oil prices , that may not be enough .
Many of those suggesting that Russia is at risk of another default focus on the last factor and suggest that as Iran comes back on stream and the war in Libya ebbs , the supply of oil relative to demand will grow and prices will fall to 20 US dollars a barrel or even lower in the coming months .
If that happens , the “ Novyye izvestiya ” writer says , a dollar will be equal to 120 - 130 rubles and a euro to “ about 150 . ”
That could lead Russia to default by itself . ” [ 31 ]
- Sovereign Wealth Fund : ** Russia has already been forced to dip into its huge Sovereign Wealth Fund , saved during the years of high oil prices .
Anton Siluanov , the Finance Minister , has warned that if the budget deficit does not reduce , the entire fund could soon be used up . [ 32 ]
- Existential Threat to the USA : Pentagon chief : Russia is a 'very significant threat ; ' Defense Secretary Ash Carter is calling Russia a " very , very significant threat , " agreeing with an assessment made by top military officials .
A chorus of top military and political officials ( General Dunsford , Secretary of State John Kerry , his top Europe official , Victoria Nuland , Defense Secretary Ashton Carter , and General Philip Breedlove , the supreme allied commander for NATO ) have said recently that Russia is the top threat to the U.S. 's national security in comparison to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . [ 34 ]
** Key driving factors
References
[ 1 ] The Dying Bear ; Russia 's Demographic Disaster ; By Nicholas Eberstadt
[ 2 ]
The numbers Putin does n’t want you to see Vanity Fair March 31 , 2014
[ 3 ] High Rates of Congenital Syphilis in Russia Linked To Inadequate Prenatal Care https://www.guttmacher.org/pubs/journals/3519003.html
[ 4 ]
http://www.vox.com/2015/7/30/9073285/putin-russia-corruption
[ 5 ] Russia : Massive Capital Flight Continues May. 01 2015 http://www.themoscowtimes.com/business/article/russia-massive-capital-flight-continues/520112.html
[ 6 ] Russian Demographics : The Perfect Storm
[ 7 ] private conversations with industry experts
[ 8 ]
Putin is actually in serious trouble http://www.businessinsider.com/putin-is-actually-in-serious-trouble-2015-8
[ 9 ]
http://www.unian.info/economics/1110555-russias-costs-from-sanctions-estimated-at-20-bln.html
[ 10 ]
http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/government-proposal-to-limit-russians-ownership-of-livestock-elicits-outrage/527766.html
[ 11 ] Forty One ( 41 ) early warning signals of the collapse and decay of the Russian Federation ( Putinism ) and Ukraine ( Yanukowych Regime ) http://bit.ly/fsflvg
[ 12 ]
http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/as-ruble-collapses-russias-cossacks.html
[ 13 ]
http://bit.ly/f8w1F1
[ 14 ]
http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/kremlin-elite-engaged-in-search-for.html
[ 15 ] STRATFOR : RUSSIA ECONOMY HITS PERFECT STORM http://www.breitbart.com/national-security/2015/08/12/stratfor-russia-economy-hitsperfect-storm/?
[ 16 ]
http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-trending-33851990
] 17 ] “ LNR ” factory sews fake Ukrainian military uniforms http://euromaidanpress.com/2015/08/11/lnr-factory-sews-fake-ukrainian-military-uniforms/
[ 18 ] Implosion The End of Russia and What it Means for America by Ilan Berman 2013
[ 19 ] Russia hits EU allies with symbolic food ban https://euobserver.com/foreign/129885
[ 20 ] Russian Economy Approaching ‘ Perfect Storm ’ -- Oil at 25 Dollars a Barrel , Ruble at 125 to the Dollar , and Inflation at 30 Percent http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/russian-economy-approaching-perfect.html
[ 21 ]
These 5 Facts Explain Russia ’s Economic Decline http://time.com/3998248/these-5-facts-explain-russias-economic-decline/
[ 22 ]
http://rbth.com/business/2015/01/29/russia_is_facing_record_capital_and_investment_outflow_43261.html
[ 23 ]
http://www.unian.info/politics/1111271-china-finishes-putin.html
[ 24 ]
' There will be no Russia soon ' : Russian financier names cause of imminent collapse of Russia http://joinfo.com/world/1007537_there-will-be-no-russia-soon-russian-financier-names-cause-of-imminent-collapse-of-russia.html
[ 25 ]
http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/putins-russia-is-deeply-ill-country.html
[ 26 ]
http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/another-echo-of-1990s-russias.html
[ 27 ]
http://www.themoscowtimes.com/business/article/russian-single-industry-towns-face-crisis/526024.html
[ 28 ]
http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/average-bribe-in-russia-doubles-in-rubles-remains-steady-in-dollars/526556.html
[ 29 ]
http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/how-bad-are-things-for-russias-poor.html
[ 30 ] Putin Alienating Kremlin Elites with His Nuclear Blackmail Threats http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/putin-alienating-kremlin-elites-with.html
[ 31 ] Seventeen Years On , ‘ Shadow of Default ’ Still Hangs over Russia http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/seventeen-years-on-shadow-of-default.html
[ 32 ]
http://thenationonlineng.net/suffering-from-a-glut-of-black-gold/
[ 33 ]
http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/08/19/how-russia-hides-its-dead-soldiers-killed-in-ukraine.html
[ 34 ]
http://thehill.com/policy/defense/251622-pentagon-chief-russia-is-a-very-very-significant-threat
[ 35 ]
Is A Slow Putsch Against Putin Under Way ?
http://www.forbes.com/sites/paulroderickgregory/2015/08/20/is-a-slow-putsch-against-putin-under-way/
[ 36 ] 1991 and 2015 – Three Views about the Past and Future of Russia ; Saturday , August 22 , 2015 http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/1991-and-2015-three-views-about-past.html
[ 37 ] Kremlin Taking from the Poor and Giving to the Rich , Duma Deputies Say ' http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/kremlin-taking-from-poor-and-giving-to.html
[ 38 ]
Russia piles pressure on exporters to sell foreign currency http://www.cnbc.com/2015/08/23/
[ 39 ] Anti-Donbas Sentiment Growing in Ukraine http://www.worldaffairsjournal.org/blog/alexander-j-motyl/anti-donbas-sentiment-growing-ukraine
[ 40 ] Armine Sahakyan :
It ’s time for former Soviet countries to get rid of oligarchs
http://www.kyivpost.com/opinion/op-ed/armine-sahakyan-its-time-for-former-soviet-countries-to-get-rid-of-oligarchs-396385.html
[ 41 ]
http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/russias-geriatric-space-program-creaking-n413607
[ 42 ]
http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/aug/18/russia-cheese-ban-gang-uncovered-arrests-moscow
[ 43 ] Brussels Break - In Shines Light on Putin ’s European Mischief Henry Meyer Jeremy Hodges http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-08-24/brussels-break-in-shines-light-on-putin-s-european-mischief
[ 44 ] Russia 's Space Program in Crisis After Decades of Brain Drain , Neglect http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/russias-geriatric-space-program-creaking-n413607
[ 45 ] ’ MASS MURDER ’ : Russian patients brace for ban on [ Western ] medical imports , ” http://www.rferl.org/content/russia-ban-on-medical-supplies/27204460.html
[ 46 ] Russia 's Playing a Double Game With Islamic Terror http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/08/23/russia-s-playing-a-double-game-with-islamic-terror.html
[ 47 ]
Russian regulator makes retailers clean shelves from foreign detergents
http://www.unian.info/economics/1115009-russian-regulator-makes-retailers-clean-shelves-from-foreign-detergents.html
[ 48 ]
http://www.lepanmedia.com/russia-bans-three-california-wines-from-shelves/
[ 49 ]
http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/moscow-had-chance-to-prevent-oil-price.html
[ 50 ]
http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/russia-has-two-misfortunes-fools-and.html
[ 51 ]
Are Russia ’s Siloviki Overstretched ?
Beijing Says Strawmen Guarding Russian - Chinese Border http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/are-russias-siloviki-overstretched.html
[ 52 ]
Russia 's navy is falling apart http://theweek.com/articles/572496/russias-navy-falling-apart
[ 53 ]
http://www.worldaffairsjournal.org/blog/alexander-j-motyl/back-ussr
[ 54 ]
http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/putin-economy-based-on-theft-cant.html
[ 55 ]
http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/more-than-third-of-new-university.html
[ 56 ] Khodorkovsky Calls for Civil Disobedience against Unjust Laws and Putin's Unjust System http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/khodorkovsky-calls-for-civil.html
[ 57 ] EUOBSERVER https://euobserver.com/tickers/130006
[ 58 ]
http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/post-soviet-mini-imperialism-is-final.html
[ 59 ]
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/a-small-measure-of-justice-for-boris-nemtsov/2015/08/26/3278b9bc-429c-11e5-8e7d-9c033e6745d8_story.html
[ 60 ]
http://www.globalconstructionreview.com/news/russian-tra8in-pl7a7ns-could-be-derailed-kremlin/
[ 61 ]
http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/for-less-than-half-cost-of-peskovs_28.html
[ 62 ] Russia Shows Off Military Might as Budget Gets Squeezed ; Drive to modernize forces gets scaled back amid economic woes , Ukraine sanctions
http://www.wsj.com/articles/russia-shows-off-military-might-as-budget-gets-squeezed-1440709682
[ 63 ]
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/othersports/athletics/11831593/IAAF-denies-new-doping-scandal-story-surrounding-Russian-under-23-athletes-in-advance-of-its-publication.html
[ 64 ]
http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/08/28/us-russia-putin-polls-idUSKCN0QX0R120150828
[ 65 ]
http://www.unian.info/economics/1116207-fitch-downgrades-ukraines-foreign-currency-rating-to-c.html
[ 66 ] www.russian.rt.com/inotv/2015-08-25/Peoples-Daily-Rossijskuyu-granicu-ohranyayut and http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/are-russias-siloviki-overstretched.html
[ 67 ]
Russia 's biggest air show hurt by economic crisis , sanctions http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/08/25/us-russia-airshow-idUSKCN0QU24U20150825
[ 68 ]
http://osce.usmission.gov/aug_19_15_savchenko.html
[ 69 ]
http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/removing-putin-by-itself-wont-solve.html
[ 70 ]
http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/no-barrier-between-destroying-food-and.html
[ 71 ]
http://windowoneurasia2.blogspot.ca/2015/08/no-barrier-between-destroying-food-and.html
[ 72 ]
If Russia Breaks UP
The peril beyond Putin > http://worldif.economist.com/article/2/what-if-russia-breaks-up-the-peril-beyond-putin
The air in some school classrooms may contain higher levels of extremely small particles of pollutants -- easily inhaled deep into the lungs -- than polluted outdoor air , scientists in Australia and Germany are reporting in an article in Environmental Science & Technology .
Lidia Morawska and colleagues note increasing concern in recent years over the health effects of airborne ultrafine particles .
Evidence suggests that they can be toxic when inhaled into the lungs .
Much of the scientific research , however , has focused on outdoor sources of these invisible particles , particularly vehicle emissions .
Little research has been done , however , on indoor sources , and even less on ultrafine particles in school classrooms .
In an effort to fill those gaps in knowledge , the scientists studied levels of ultrafine particles in 3 elementary school classrooms in Brisbane , Australia .
They found that on numerous occasions ultrafine particle levels in the classrooms were significantly higher than outdoors .
The highest levels occurred during art activities such as gluing , painting and drawing when indoor levels were several times higher than outdoor levels .
There also were significant increases in ultrafine particle levels when detergents were used for cleaning .
An Eagles fan / employee " defiled " Cowboys Stadium with a vicious ( and viscous ) attack on the city of Dallas , football fans , and basic human decency .
He spit on the star at midfield .
Twice .
Hey , that artificial turf is expensive to steam clean !
Advertisement
Cowboy Nation is up in arms after Dave Spadaro , a writer for PhiladelphiaEagles.com who had field access before last week 's game , concluded his regular pregame YouTube report by expectorating on the famous blue star .
That star is the symbol of America 's Team , so Spadaro might as well have pulled a Rick Majerus on the Star Spangled Banner ( and then handed it to a team manager for Al Qaeda ! )
The local news is apoplectic , reporting on this devastating desecration in a tone usually reserved for stories about tornadoes and kidnappers .
Channel 11 dubbed it the " spit heard round the world , " and it is .
Provided your world does not extend past Plano .
Advertisement
According to reporter Carol Cavazos , even Eagles fans — who everyone knows are the most vile bastards on the planet — thinks the loogie is going too far .
( Even though she did n't quote a single one who thought so . )
Spardaro did post a court - ordered apology , as if that would ever be enough to undo this " indecent " affront to God and man .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I suppose I could give the news team the benefit of the doubt and assume this is tongue - in - cheek satire of a friendly sports rivalry , but we are talking about football in Texas .
This incident will surely provide plenty of extra motivation for everyone involved in this weekend 's crucial playoff game , although at press time , no player from either the Cowboys or the Eagles could possibly give a shit .
Video Shows Eagles Worker Spitting On Cowboys Star [ CBS11 ]
An Open Letter Of Apology To The Cowboys [ Philadelphia Eagles ]
Spit Happens : An Eagle Desecrates Cowboys Stadium [ Sportatorium ]
The central bank of the UAE is providing an emergency lending facility to banks in the region that may be hit by a possible default by Dubai World on its debt obligations .
The point , it seems , is to stem any " run on the bank " that may result from depositors panicking over banks striken by exposure to Dubai World .
This move indicates that the chances of a Abu Dhabi bailout of Dubai World are diminishing .
Instead , it seems the UAE has chosen to try to ameliorate the effects of a Dubai World default instead of preventing the default altogether .
Here 's the AP on this morning 's move :
The United Arab Emirates ' central bank is saying it " stands behind " local and foreign banks operating in the country , offering them access to money in a sign the Gulf Arab nation 's federal government is racing to curtail investor fears over Dubai 's crushing debt .
The UAE 's official WAM news agency said Sunday the central bank issued a notice to Emirati banks and foreign banks with branches in the country saying it would make available " a special additional liquidity facility linked to their current accounts at the central bank . "
The statement comes just days after world markets reacted with shock to news that conglomerate Dubai World wanted creditors to give it a six - month extension on paying some of its $ 60 billion in debts .
In the aftermath of the devastating earthquake that struck Haiti on Tuesday , thousands of Americans are sending financial support — through their mobile phones .
Anyone with a mobile phone and an account with a major wireless carrier can text the phrase “ Haiti ” to the number 90999 and donate $ 10 to the Red Cross .
That amount is charged to the donor ’s cellphone bill .
The texted donations are being handled by a company called mGive , which started the campaign in a joint effort with the State Department and the Red Cross late Tuesday night .
Thanks to a mention on the White House ’s blog and lots of word of mouth on Twitter and Facebook , the campaign had raised well over a million dollars by Tuesday evening , mGive said .
“ Today is a huge day for mobile giving , ” said Tony Aiello , chief executive of mGive .
“ We are experiencing a tipping point . ”
Each month , when people pay their wireless bills , the texted donations are collected from the carriers and shuttled into a nonprofit clearinghouse managed by an mGive foundation , which in turn cuts a check to the appropriate charity .
MGive typically charges a licensing fee for its software platform , $ 4 to $ 1,500 a month , depending on the scale of the fund - raising effort and the additional services the company provides .
In addition , after the charity receives the total amount raised from the wireless carriers , mGive charges a transaction fee for each collected donation .
In the case of the Haiti disaster , however , Mr. Aiello said the company had elected to waive all software and transaction fees .
“ Catastrophic fund - raising is different from the everyday fund - raising that we help facilitate , ” Mr. Aiello said .
“ This is a huge tragedy , and we simply hope to help provide relief . ”
It typically takes about 90 days from the time someone makes a donation until the charity receives the money , Mr. Aiello said , although the company is working with wireless carriers to reduce that delay .
Mr. Aiello said the widespread adoption of cellphones and social media Web sites was helping to foster this approach to fund - raising .
“ Mobile giving is currently outpacing the early days of online giving , ” he said .
Awareness about the disaster in Haiti has swept through Twitter and other social media sites .
Facebook , for example , said its users had posted more than 1,500 status updates a minute containing the word Haiti .
MGive , which was founded in 2005 , works with more than 200 organizations and charities , including the American Heart Foundation and the Make - A - Wish Foundation .
Mr. Aiello said the Haiti campaign had “ outpaced anything we ’ve every done in mobile giving so far ” and showed no signs of slowing .
“ Everyone is still trying to gauge the scope of this tragedy , ” Mr. Aiello said , “ But I expect this campaign could run for months . ”
In another campaign that Twitter users are publicizing widely , the Haitian - born musician Wyclef Jean is urging people to donate $ 5 to his charity organization by texting “ YELE ” to 501501 .
Today I was walking in downtown Toronto , when I saw a guy handing out leaflets on the corner of Dundas and Yonge .
I usually do n’t like taking them but I decided to give it a chance .
The front seemed interesting , however I found the Back very funny since , well it was a Scientology ad .
I guess the recession really affected their following and they need more .
This leaflet really made me laugh .
Honestly it just helps prove more that Scientology is just a Product rather than a real Religion , Seriously what Religion has free trials and tests then you go for the full price ?
My friend was joking around that the person that invented infomercials probably invented this Religion , and I have no problem understanding what he meant .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
The Psychologist has a completely fascinating article on how we perceive things to be more appealing , easier to handle and more efficient based on how simple they are to understand – even when this is based on irrelevant or superficial properties – like its name or the font it is described in .
The core idea is that we partly judge things on ‘ processing fluency ’ , that is , how easy it is to immediately grasp something .
This seems intuitive , as we tend to prefer things that make sense to us , but it turns out that this preference is also heavily influenced by surface features .
For example , the article discusses the surprising amount of work on how simply changing the font can change our opinion of what the text is describing .
When they were presented [ with physical exercise instructions ] in an easy - to - read print font ( Arial ) , readers assumed that the exercise would take 8.2 minutes to complete ; but when they were presented in a difficult - to - read print font , readers assumed it would take nearly twice as long , a full 15.1 minutes ( Song & Schwarz , 2008 b ) .
They also thought that the exercise would flow quite naturally when the font was easy to read , but feared that it would drag on when it was difficult to read .
Given these impressions , they were more willing to incorporate the exercise into their daily routine when it was presented in an easy - to - read font .
Quite clearly , people misread the difficulty of reading the exercise instructions as indicative of the difficulty involved in doing the exercise …
Novemsky and colleagues ( 2007 ) presented the same information about two cordless phones in easy - or difficult - to - read fonts .
They observed that 17 per cent of their participants postponed choice when the font was easy to read , whereas 41 per cent did so when the font was difficult to read .
Apparently , participants misread the difficulty arising from the print font as reflecting the difficulty of making a choice .
The article contains numerous examples of how changing surface features , such as giving something an easy or difficult to pronounce name , alters what we think about it .
However , the piece also mentions that giving something difficult - to - process or unfamiliar features also means we scrutinise it more closely , which means we often pick up errors more easily .
This is is a wonderfully elegant example :
As an example , consider the question ‚ ÄòHow many animals of each kind did Moses take on the Ark ?
‚Äô Most people answer ‚ Äòtwo ‚ Äô despite knowing that the biblical actor was Noah , not Moses .
Even when warned that some of the statements may be distorted , most people fail to notice the error because both actors are similar in the context of biblical stories .
However , a change in print fonts is sufficient to attenuate this Moses illusion .
When the question was presented in an easy - to - read font , only 7 per cent of the readers noticed the error , whereas 40 per cent did so when it was presented in a difficult - to - read font …
Link to Psychologist article on processing fluency .
Full disclosure : I am an unpaid associate editor and columnist for The Psychologist and I have an unfamiliar first name – draw your own conclusions .
Il faut le reconnaître , on a été gâtés avec les ponts cet année .
Alors aujourd ’hui c’est une compilation .
( j’ai même déterré un message de 2015 dans les commentaires )
Alors le premier est marrant « Trucker destroys historic bridge because she did n’t know how many pounds six tons was » ; je l’avoue , je ne sais pas non plus .
L’article et d’autres photos sur le site truckyeah.jalopnik.com
Photo Credits : Orange County Law Enforcement
Le second est gore , un cheval y a perdu une jambe et a fini euthanasié .
le poulain , lui , a survécu .
Merci à Bertrand M. et Jean - Baptiste D. pour la photo et l’info .
Le récit de l’accident sur 76actu.fr
Plus léger ( quoique ) à Sarzeau un chauffeur découpe une passerelle avec sa grue .
Encore un tuyau de Pierre R. et un article de Ouest France ( c’est chez moi ça )
Nous avons également une trémie à Orléans qui n’aime pas les cars de touristes ( une photo de Thomas Rlr et un tuyau de Louis - Max L. )
Si vous voulez suivre les aventures de cette trémie ça se passe sur la page Facebook « Pour info à Orléans »
Moralité : faites gaffe à vous quand vous conduisez un camion ( ou un bus ou un cheval )
Liu Xiaobo : 20 years of activism China has accused foreign diplomats of meddling in its internal affairs , after some were critical of the trial of prominent Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo .
The country 's foreign ministry urged those who had expressed concerns about the trial to respect its legal process .
Spokeswoman Jiang
Yu said the criticism was a " gross interference " in China 's internal affairs .
Dissident Liu Xiaobo is on trial for " inciting subversion of state power " .
A verdict is expected on Friday .
The EU , US and rights groups say the trial is politically motivated and have called on Beijing to release Mr Liu .
Diplomats from more than a dozen states - including the US , Britain , Canada , Sweden , Australia and New Zealand - denied access to the court to follow the trial , have stood outside since it began on Wednesday .
' Strong dissatisfaction ' " Some officials from some countries ' embassies in China released so - called statements , which is a gross interference in China 's judicial internal affairs , " Ms Jiang said , adding that these violated the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations .
She expressed China 's " strong dissatisfaction " over their actions , adding that China 's " judicial sovereignty " should be respected .
Mr Liu , a prominent government critic and veteran of the 1989 Tiananmen Square democracy protests , could be jailed for 15 years if convicted .
A writer and former university professor , he has been in jail since 2008 , after being arrested for writing a document calling for political reform in China .
Known as Charter 08 and released to coincide with the 60th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , it called for greater freedoms and democratic reforms in China , including an end to Communist one - party rule .
The trial has been heavily criticised by right groups , with Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) describing it as " a travesty of justice " .
The charge of " inciting subversion of state power " is a wide - reaching accusation often levelled against political dissidents in China .
The BBC's Micky Bristow , in Beijing , says that dissidents put on trial in China are almost always found guilty , and it looks likely that Mr Liu will be jailed .
If convicted , Mr Liu 's name will certainly become more widely known outside China , but few people in the country know who he is , a situation that is unlikely to change with the verdict , he adds .
According to the BBC's Monitoring service , China 's state media have ignored Mr Liu 's trial and the international protests about it .
US - based Chinese - language websites , however , have covered the story and reported both protests and pro-Liu campaigns inside China .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
... It 's a feel good kind of thing .
I get anecdotes from members that talk about how the project has changed their lives .
It delights me that so many people are finding joy in the everyday and that the Spontaneous Smiley Project has given them an outlet for their joy '
Credit : RUTH KAISER / NEWSTEAM
Aggrocast Episode Forty Nine : MW2 Impressions and Controversy
by Michael Camacho [ Saturday , 14th of November 2009 - 02:53 PM
]
We also discuss the other games we have been playing , including Dragon Age : Origins , Lego Rock Band , Torchlight , Borderlands and more .
On Bargain Binh this week , Binh suggests a title to help survive the zombie hordes for under $ 20 , Brian showcases a classic NES title revisioned for WiiWare when he goes On The DL , and Michael brings us a Sci-Fi action , comedy gem with Netflix Pix .
Next week is our 50th episode and we have confirmed one guest and hoping for a confirmation on our second guest .
Find out who they are next episode .
Please rate and review us on iTunes and the Zune Marketplace .
Do n't forget to send question , comments and feedback to aggrocast@aggrogamer.com
Symantec 's Endpoint Protection Manager has been hit by a classic date bug and fell over at the end of the year , accepting no definition updates dated since then .
Symantec have issued a statement , which states that : " An issue has been identified in the Symantec Endpoint Protection Manager ( SEPM ) server whereby all types of SEP definition content [ AV / AS , IPS ] with a date greater than December 31 , 2009 11:59 pm are considered to be ' out of date ' . "
Until the bug is fixed , Symantec has a bandaid strategy : " Symantec Response will continue to publish Symantec Endpoint Protection antivirus and other definitions with the date 12/31/2009 , and will only increase the revision number of the definition .
More specifically the last certified definitions that was published on December 31 , 2009 was “ 12/31/2009 rev. 041 ” version .
The next certified definitions to be published will have a revision number greater than 041 . "
Symantec assures customers that : " there are no changes that a customer administrator needs to apply in order for the above mitigation to be successful . "
Also , " the SEPM Dashboard by default will not display that the definitions are out of date .
The default for this setting is “ 10 ” days ...
If SEPM Notification for “ out of date definitions ” has been enabled then it is possible that the prescribed threshold has exceeded and a notification may be triggered . "
Symentec 's SEPM product team is developing a proper fix for the problem and burning the midnight oil to get it out as fast as possible .
El Reg thanks our contact who said this incident : " Reminds me of your recent article about cheap and dirty Y2 K bug fixes where some unscrupulous programmers put in a simple if < 10 = 20 xx otherwise the date is 19xx . "
Indeed . ®
Interface development company Synaptics came to the Consumer Electronics
Show to show off Fuse , a new way to control a cell phone through the combination of touchscreens , force feedback , tilting , and 3 - D graphics .
It also showed off Scrybe , a new set of gestures that you can use to make things happen on your computer quickly and easily .
Apple got us all used to the touchscreen swipe and the tilting control mechanisms with the launch of the iPhone .
But now it ’s time to move beyond that , said Andrew Hsu , technology strategist at the Santa Clara , Calif . - based company , which makes touch pads , touch screens and other sensors .
With Fuse , you can use a number of different methods to control a phone , making it much easier to handle a lot of functions with just one hand .
You can swipe across the multitouch screen .
You can squeeze the side sensors and tilt the phone to make things move onscreen .
And swiping your finger across the back of the phone also lets you control things .
This is what Synaptics calls a “ multi- modal interface . ”
Moving beyond the touchscreen , Synaptics is introducing a new user interface for mobile phones dubbed Fuse — combining touch , force feedback , 3 - D graphics , and grip and proximity sensing .
Fuse is a result of collaboration between Synaptics and four partners : TheAlloy , The Astonishing Tribe ( TAT ) , Immersion , and Texas Instruments .
TheAlloy led the user experience and overall product design efforts .
TAT enabled the effective 3 - D environment and helped with the user interface .
Immersion made possible the tactile feedback .
TI ’s OMAP 3630 processor provided the processing platform to handle things like graphics and imaging features .
And Synaptics used its ClearPad , NavPoint , and TouchButtons sensor electronics in the design .
Scrybe , meanwhile , is a collection of finger gestures that you can use as short cuts to get things done with your computer .
It ’s akin to finger - painting .
First , you tap on the touch pad to get a touch canvas on the computer ’s screen .
Then you use your fingers to draw gestures to control functions on the computer .
You can , for instance , draw an “ @ ” symbol on the screen to launch your email .
It ’s another cool way to replace lots of keystrokes with simple gestures .
These are n’t products per se , but expect them to inspire the creation of a whole new generation of cool phones , computers and other gadgets .
I would n’t be surprised to see something like Scrybe on Apple ’s upcoming tablet , or on all of the other tablets that were displayed at CES .
Check out the video we took at CES with the Synaptics crew .
http://vimeo.com/moogaloop.swf?clip_id=8646974&server=vimeo.com&show_title=1&show_byline=1&show_portrait=0&color=&fullscreen=1
Synaptics Fuse and Scrybe — new ways to control phones / PCs from Dean Takahashi on Vimeo .
I suffer from a motor neuron disorder , in my case a variant of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS ) : Lou Gehrig ’s disease .
Motor neuron disorders are far from rare : Parkinson ’s disease , multiple sclerosis , and a variety of lesser diseases all come under that heading .
What is distinctive about ALS — the least common of this family of neuro - muscular illnesses — is firstly that there is no loss of sensation ( a mixed blessing ) and secondly that there is no pain .
In contrast to almost every other serious or deadly disease , one is thus left free to contemplate at leisure and in minimal discomfort the catastrophic progress of one ’s own deterioration .
In effect , ALS constitutes progressive imprisonment without parole .
First you lose the use of a digit or two ; then a limb ; then and almost inevitably , all four .
The muscles of the torso decline into near torpor , a practical problem from the digestive point of view but also life - threatening , in that breathing becomes at first difficult and eventually impossible without external assistance in the form of a tube - and - pump apparatus .
In the more extreme variants of the disease , associated with dysfunction of the upper motor neurons ( the rest of the body is driven by the so - called lower motor neurons ) , swallowing , speaking , and even controlling the jaw and head become impossible .
I do not ( yet ) suffer from this aspect of the disease , or else I could not dictate this text .
By my present stage of decline , I am thus effectively quadriplegic .
With extraordinary effort I can move my right hand a little and can adduct my left arm some six inches across my chest .
My legs , although they will lock when upright long enough to allow a nurse to transfer me from one chair to another , cannot bear my weight and only one of them has any autonomous movement left in it .
Thus when legs or arms are set in a given position , there they remain until someone moves them for me .
The same is true of my torso , with the result that backache from inertia and pressure is a chronic irritation .
Having no use of my arms , I cannot scratch an itch , adjust my spectacles , remove food particles from my teeth , or anything else that — as a moment ’s reflection will confirm — we all do dozens of times a day .
To say the least , I am utterly and completely dependent upon the kindness of strangers ( and anyone else ) .
During the day I can at least request a scratch , an adjustment , a drink , or simply a gratuitous re-placement of my limbs — since enforced stillness for hours on end is not only physically uncomfortable but psychologically close to intolerable .
It is not as though you lose the desire to stretch , to bend , to stand or lie or run or even exercise .
But when the urge comes over you there …
If you did not know Arizona was having immense budget problems , you do now .
Here is Arizona Governor Jan Brewer on the Arizona Crisis of " Unparalleled Dimension " .
Dear Fellow Arizonan ,
We face a state fiscal crisis of unparalleled dimension – one that is going to sweep over every single person in this state as well as every business and every family .
That is why I held an emergency cabinet meeting yesterday morning where I outlined for our state ’s elected leaders and business leaders the ills our state faces .
As I told them yesterday , we ARE faced with some of the worst days in our 97 - year history .
We can debate how we got here , but we CANNOT remain paralyzed in our efforts to address the situation .
We must set aside partisan politics and face the problem head on .
So here ’s the TRUTH :
The state has a budget deficit for the current fiscal year of $ 1.5 billion .
Next fiscal year , 2011 -- a budget year that begins in just six months -- is even worse .
Next year ’s budget deficit stands at $ 3.4 billion .
As of today -- right now , that MUST change . ..
This problem did not happen overnight .
Five years of spending nearly doubled state government .
The economic recession has reduced state revenues by almost 40 percent in just 3 years .
Population growth in school children , university students , health care and welfare populations and inmates in our state prisons has fundamentally ruled out simplistic solutions like rolling the state budget back to levels from five , six , or more years ago .
Federal and voter mandates prevent us from touching nearly two - thirds of the state budget .
And procrastination , denial , and lack of will have allowed these problems to fester .
We must solve these problems and we must solve them now .
More than calling for cooperation , today I had state government implement various emergency measures meant to ensure Arizona ’s fiscal solvency .
Among them :
I ordered the Arizona Department of Corrections to return to the custody of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( “ ICE ” ) -- as soon as possible -- all non-violent criminal aliens as is allowed under existing law .
These inmates are the responsibility of the federal government ( as is securing our border with Mexico ) .
Arizona should not have to bear this cost .
I am restating my Arizonans - only directives to state agencies to ensure that public benefits are provided only to those who are legally in this country and who reside in this state .
Effective immediately , I have ordered all state agencies who benefits to citizens to implement means testing and sliding fee schedules .
While the government safety net must stay in place , we need to secure help only for the neediest among us .
...
We owe it to the citizens of this state -- our children and grandchildren -- to adopt and approve a solution .
Sincerely ,
Jan Brewer
Governor
Arizona Budget Status
Click on any screen shot for sharper image .
Revenue Vs. Expenditures
Operating Cash Balance
Peak Employment
Jobs Projection
Arizona Base Revenue
Reasonable Admission Of Problem
( CNN ) -- Jeff Szabo was by his wife 's side when she gave birth to their son Gabriel seven years ago , and he was right there holding Joy 's hand when their younger sons Michael and Daniel were born , too .
Jeff Szabo was there when Joy gave birth to ( from left ) Gabriel , Michael and Daniel , but will probably miss No. 4 .
Joy is now eight months pregnant , but when this baby is born , her husband will most likely be more than 300 miles away .
The reason :
Their local hospital in Page , Arizona , wo n't deliver the Szabos ' baby vaginally as the Szabos wish , so a week or so before her November 21 due date , Joy will drive 350 miles to be near a hospital in Phoenix that will .
Their local hospital says they 'll only deliver the Szabos ' baby , another boy , via Caesarean section .
Joy had her second son , Michael , by C-section .
Page Hospital says it wo n't do a vaginal birth after a woman has had a C - section -- known as a VBAC -- because it has a higher than usual risk for complications .
So Joy plans to move to Phoenix in November , while Jeff stays in Page , in far northern Arizona , to take care of their three children and run the family computer business .
" I 'm so upset about this , " Jeff says .
" I 've been there in the delivery room for all the other boys and I wo n't be there for this baby , and I wo n't be there for Joy . "
The Szabos and a growing number of other families are facing the choice of Mom having a surgery she does n't want or attempting a vaginal birth at a hospital that , in most cases , would be far away .
A mother 's choice
The Szabos ' story began in 2004 when she was in labor with Michael .
Complications arose and doctors at Page Hospital feared the baby was n't getting enough oxygen , and so they performed an emergency Caesarean section .
" I 'm grateful for that C- section , " Joy says .
" It saved Michael 's life . "
Two years later , Szabo had a successful , uncomplicated vaginal delivery with son Daniel at the same hospital .
She assumed she could have a vaginal birth this time too , but , she says , a month ago her doctor told her Page Hospital had changed its policy and she'd have to have a C - section .
Studies have shown VBACs carry with them an increased risk of a uterine rupture compared with births in women who 've never had a C - section , but the risk is less than 1 percent , according to the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecologists .
The results of a uterine rupture can be devastating :
The baby could die or have permanent brain damage .
" I know there 's a risk with a VBAC , but we think the risks of surgery are worse , " Joy Szabo says .
C-section risks include breathing problems for the baby and infections and bleeding for the mother , according to the Mayo Clinic .
" And I do n't want to have to recover from surgery when I 'll have four children at home , at least not voluntarily , " says Joy .
After their discussion with their doctor , the Szabos made an appointment to speak with Page Hospital 's CEO , Sandy Haryasz .
When the couple told her about their desire for a vaginal birth , they say Haryasz would not budge , even telling them she would get a court order if necessary to ensure Joy delivered via C-section .
" I was a bit flabbergasted , because that seemed rather extreme , " Joy says .
" I 'd already had a VBAC at Page and it went fine .
And if something happened , I know they can do an emergency C- section , because they did one for Michael . "
Conflict over guidelines
Michele Grim , a spokeswoman for the hospital , said Haryasz could not comment on her discussion with the Szabos because of patient confidentiality laws .
Banner Health , which owns Page Hospital , says it decided to stop performing VBACs at Page when ACOG , the obstetricians ' group , established guidelines for hospitals that Page Hospital was not adequately staffed to satisfy .
The ACOG guidelines recommend " 24/7 coverage of both physician and anesthesiologist , " and that " two physicians be immediately available during the entire period of labor , " Banner Health said in a statement .
But ACOG spokesman Gregory Phillips says that 's not what the guidelines say .
" These appear to be Banner 's interpretations of the stated recommendation , " says Gregory Phillips .
The ACOG guidelines recommend that doctors consider several factors when determining if a VBAC is possible .
For example , two criteria that can be considered are whether there 's physician availability throughout active labor , and whether anesthesia and staff can be available for an emergency C-section .
Since the ACOG guidelines came out in 2004 , more and more hospitals have refused to do VBACs .
Today , nearly half of hospitals wo n't do VBACs , either because the hospital has banned them or because doctors wo n't do them , according to a survey of nearly 3,000 hospitals by the International Cesarean Awareness Network , a grassroots group that has fought against VBAC bans .
Missing his son's birth
To get around the ban , Joy Szabo plans on moving to an apartment in Phoenix in the middle of November .
They have no friends or family there , but a doula , or childbirth assistant , will drive her to the hospital when she goes into labor .
The Szabos have no option but to separate to get the birth they want , but in other situations , women do n't have to go to such extremes .
For example , some women do n't want to be induced into labor , or do n't want an episiotomy .
The key is to look around for a doctor or midwife who shares your philosophy by asking questions about their induction rate , or whether they perform episiotomies routinely , according to Carol Sakala , director of programs for the Childbirth Connection , a nonprofit advocacy and education group .
Also , choosing the right hospital or birthing center makes a big difference .
" The institution you walk into profoundly affects you , " Sakala says .
" A really good thing is to ask doulas for their recommendations , because they 've worked at multiple hospitals and have a good feel for what happens in each of them . "
For more information on getting the birth you want , see these recommendations from Lamaze International .
The Szabos know there 's little chance Jeff will make it in time for the birth .
" With our other sons , her labor only lasted three hours .
It 'll take me five hours to get to Phoenix , " Jeff says , noting that with three little kids along for the ride , it will take even longer .
" Of course I 'm scared that I wo n't be there , " he adds .
" It 's my job as the dad to make sure the baby 's OK after the birth , to follow him around and make sure he has 10 fingers and 10 toes .
Now the chances of that happening are slim to none . "
CNN 's Sharisse Scineaux contributed to this report .
All About Pregnancy and Childbirth
( CNN ) --
A former Catholic archbishop in Argentina has been sentenced to eight years in prison for sexual abuse of a seminary student in 1992 , a court report said Wednesday .
Former Archbishop Edgardo Gabriel Storni " acted with total impunity " and there was enough proof to convict him , Judge Maria Amalia Mascheroni said in the sentencing .
" Being a rector of the faith , his injurious and immoral attitude contributed to the lack of credibility in the religious institution , " the judge is quoted as saying in a report by the Judicial Information Center , the nation 's official court news service .
Mascheroni is a judge in the sentencing court in Santa Fe , where Storni was archbishop .
Storni resigned in September 2002 , after news of the scandal broke .
He wrote a letter to then - Pope John Paul II in which he said he did not recognize any " faults " or " guilt , " the state - run Telam news agency said Wednesday .
Three months later , the news agency said , Storni denied any wrongdoing in court .
Storni was found guilty in February 2003 and has been appealing his verdict , Telam said .
He has since lived on a church - owned farm in Cordoba province , in central Argentina .
Santa Fe , where Storni was archbishop , is located in northeastern Argentina .
Seminary student Ruben Descalzo did not come forth with his accusation until 2002 , a decade after the molestation occurred .
Descalzo said the archbishop invited him up to his apartment and hugged him when they reached the door , Telam reported .
The archbishop prolonged the hug , held him tightly and kissed him on the neck , Descalzo said .
Storni's lawyer , Eduardo Jauchen , told Telam he will appeal the latest ruling .
The verdict , he said , must be based on solid proof .
" It ca n't be suspicion , rumors or unilateral versions that convict a person , " he said .
" Our democratic and republican system tries to avoid this type of arbitrariness .
For that reason , either we live in democracy and a republic or we keep living in chaos , disorder and we blame a person because of commentaries . "
Mr. Obama has concluded that the strategy for dealing with the Taliban should be to “ degrade its ability , ” in the words of one official deeply involved in the discussions , so that the Afghan forces are capable of taking them on .
At the same time the president ’s strategy calls for “ carving away at the bottom ” of the Taliban ’s force structure by reintegrating less committed members into tribes and offering them paid jobs in local and national military forces .
Image American troops from a bomb - detection unit on duty in Wardak Province , Afghanistan , watched passing aircraft on Monday .
Credit ... Dario Lopez - Mills / Associated Press
“ We want to knock the Taliban back , giving us time and space to build the Afghans up mainly in the security front but also in governance and development as well , ” said one senior administration official .
By weakening the Taliban through a quick infusion of troops , the official said , the administration hopes to make it a more manageable enemy for the Afghans to take on themselves .
Hours before the speech , Senator John McCain of Arizona expressed support for sending more troops to Afghanistan but said he opposed a timetable .
“ Dates for withdrawal are dictated by conditions , ” Mr. McCain , the senior Republican on the Armed Services Committee , told reporters on Capitol Hill .
“ The way that you win wars is to break the enemy ’s will , not to announce dates that you are leaving . ”
Senator Harry Reid of Nevada , the Democratic majority leader , offered a more positive view after meeting with the president before his speech .
“ It is clear that the President ’s deliberative approach to his decision , which allowed him to hear from a wide range of military , civilian and Congressional voices , will strengthen the clarity and focus of our mission , ” Mr. Reid said .
Before flying to West Point , Mr. Obama and his top advisers spent much of the past 24 hours briefing allies and Congressional leaders .
The president called President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan at 10 p.m. Monday and spent an hour discussing the new strategy , then called President Zardari of Pakistan at 10:35 a.m.
Tuesday , officials said .
Mr. Obama also talked with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany and Prime Minister Donald Tusk of Poland , both of whom have forces in Afghanistan .
The White House issued a statement praising Pakistan as it announced Mr. Obama ’s call with Mr. Zardari .
“ The president recognized the profound sacrifices Pakistan has made in its efforts to combat extremists in its northwest and emphasized that our goal is to defeat Al Qaeda and to ensure stability in the region , ” it said .
While the number of troops Mr. Obama is deploying falls short of the figure sought by Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal , his commander in Afghanistan , Mr. Obama is also counting on reinforcements from American allies .
Those allies currently have nearly 40,000 troops in Afghanistan , but European and Canadian officials have said they doubt Mr. Obama will get more than a few thousand more .
Prions , which cause diseases such as Creutzfeldt - Jakob and BSE ( commonly called mad cow ) , are pretty scary stuff .
They do n't have any genetic material ; instead , they 're made from a protein that 's normally produced by the brain .
Like something out of science fiction , they adopt a distinct conformation , and then induce all the other proteins around them to adopt the same structure , gradually creating a tangle that 's fatal to brain cells .
Expose a healthy animal to the prions of a sick one , and the diseased form will gradually take over .
As if that were n't scary enough , evidence has been building that there are different strains of prions , presumably caused by slightly different protein structures , that vary in their ability to attack different hosts , the speed at which they progress , and their sensitivity to drugs that alter protein processing .
New research published in Science shows that it 's possible to convert one strain to another .
So , for example , the researchers were able to take a strain that was sensitive to a drug and grow it for a number of generations in the presence of the drug .
A small fraction of the prions appear to be drug resistance at the start , and these become the majority after a number of generations .
In the same way , it 's possible to shift a population so it grows in better on different cells , or even better in cultured cells instead of the brain .
If all of that sounds familiar , it should — this is precisely the behavior we call evolution when it happens to a living organism or virus .
The researchers propose that there are a number ( possibly more than a dozen ) of low - energy potential prion structures that are separated by higher energy barriers .
When a prion converts a normal protein , it typically forces it into the same structure as itself , but at a low probability , other variant structures result .
The population of these variants can then expand or contract based on selective pressures .
Science , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1126/science.1183218
MUST SEE TV … .
As promised , President Obama appeared this afternoon at the House Republican caucus ’ retreat in Baltimore , delivering a short speech , followed by some fascinating Q&A .
If you missed it — the appearance was aired live on C - SPAN — you ’ll really want to watch it when the video is posted online .
It was simply fascinating .
During his speech , Obama went over themes from his State of the Union address this past Wednesday .
At once , he simultaneously said that Democrats and Republicans can find common ground on issues such as a spending freeze and tax credits for small business , but he also went after the GOP for voting against the stimulus bill while attending ribbon - cuttings for projects in their districts , challenged them to work together on important issues , and called upon them to support his proposed fees on the bailed - out financial sector .
Then came the really interesting part .
Obama began taking questions from Republican members of Congress , a sight that is n’t normally seen on television in American politics .
There were some similarities to the British Parliamentary tradition of Prime Minister ’s Question Time — minus the cheering and booing — with a sense of political jousting between an incumbent president and the opposition , who for their part pitched one tough question after another .
I ’m reasonably certain I ’ve never seen anything like it .
GOP
House members were fairly respectful of the president , but pressed him on a variety of policy matters .
The president did n’t just respond effectively , he delivered a rather powerful , masterful performance .
It was like watching a town - hall forum where all of the questions were confrontational , but Obama nevertheless just ran circles around these guys .
I can only assume caucus members , by the end of the Q&A , asked themselves , “ Whose bright idea was it to invite the president and let him embarrass us on national television ? ”
Note , however , that this was n’t just about political theater — it was an important back - and - forth between the president and his most forceful political detractors .
They were bringing up routine far - right talking points that , most of the time , simply get repeated in the media unanswered .
But in Baltimore , the president did n’t just respond to the nonsense , he effectively debunked it .
Republicans thought they were throwing their toughest pitches , and Obama — with no notes , no teleprompter , and no foreknowledge — just kept knocking ’em out of the park .
It ’s easy to forget sometimes just how knowledgeable and thoughtful Obama can be on matters of substance .
I do n’t imagine the House Republican caucus will forget anytime soon — if the president is going to use their invitation to score big victories , he probably wo n’t be invited back next year .
Nevertheless , the White House should schedule more of these .
A lot more of these .
Update : Marc Ambinder noted , “ Accepting the invitation to speak at the House GOP retreat may turn out to be the smartest decision the White House has made in months ….
I have not seen a better and perhaps more productive political discussion in this country in …a long time . ”
Second Update : Here ’s the video .
Third Update :
And here ’s the transcript .
Fourth Update : The C - SPAN server appears to be having some trouble .
Here ’s the video of the Q&A portion , from MSNBC :
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Gnofract 4D
" There is no excellent beauty which hath not some strangeness in the proportion . "
( Francis Bacon )
Well , it is never easy to get that , there are lots of people who are going through some major issue related to the health of the tooth .
There are many people who are going through the dental implant and it is important to take care .
There are some very good options which can help you get the treatment done and that will help a lot .
There are lots of people who are very confused and not even sure what are the right options .
If you do not take the right options , then there could be a problem .
If you have decay in your tooth and need Tooth Removal , then you will take professional help and once you do that then things will be very simple .
Keep in mind that you need to apply ice if required .
This is something very important , that one has to do , to avoid any issues .
It is very important , that you take care of the health and keep your area very clean .
This is something which you need to do without fail to avoid any kind of problem .
Many people are going through lots of issues and that is something very important .
There will be many issues which one may face and then they need to take good care .
Once that happens , then things are much better .
One needs to get the right treatment and if that happens , then it is much better .
Keep in mind , that after the surgery the body will start healing itself after the surgery and that is something that is very important .
Keep on taking good care of your mouth and once you do that then things will be much easier and you will not have a problem .
This is something that you need to keep in mind .
Tooth Removal is not something easy and people need to go through lots of issues and that is something very dangerous .
Many people are not sure about the right options and may end up spending lots of money and if that happens , then there could be a problem .
So what are you waiting for ?
There are lots of people going through lots of issues .
If you need to take care of the thing , then you need to work hard take care in order to avoid any major problems .
You need to have some professional help to get things done and only if that happens , then you need to take good care of things .
It is something that is very important .
One cannot overlook the health .
Keep in mind , if there are problems , then you may get a greenish - yellowish discoloration and that is a danger sign and you need to take care of it and if possible take some medical help and once you do that then things will be much better .
Never ignore such a thing .
This is something very important .
If you want to take good care of things then it will be much easier .
After surgery for the next 2 to 3 days , one needs to be very careful and take good care .
This is something very important and if you do that then it will be much easier .
If you continue to have a problem then you can contact your dentist and that will make things easier and better for you .
One should never forget this ; it is something very important , that you need to keep in mind and once that happen , and then things will be much easier .
There are lots of people who are going through some major issues and they need to take good care of the health after the surgery and this is something which they need to take care of .
If you need to go through the Tooth Removal , then you need to work hard and get the things done .
Once that happens , then it will be much easier .
There are lots of things which one needs to take care of after that .
Also , this is not something which is very easy .
If you want to take help of the dental implant , then you need to take some serious things in mind .
Keep in mind , that you should not disturb the surgical area which is there .
This needed to be taken care of if done , and then there could be an issue .
Keep in mind that you need to brush your teeth in a very simple way to get things done .
This is very important immediately after surgery one needs to take care to be very gentle with things .
Keep in mind that you need to gently rinse with the salt water 2 to 3 times and avoid any kind of infection and that helps a lot .
This is something very very important and you need to take good care of things .
This is something that is very important and that makes things much easier .
One needs to take good care of the health and for that , they need to work very hard and take steps to avoid any kind of problems .
This is something that will last for keep in mind that the first 2 to 3 days are very important , and one needs to take good care of things .
This is something that is very important and you will feel better .
There are many people who are going through things and that is something very important , that one and all take care of it .
You should take some precaution like keep you most regularly rinsed with salt water and this helps a great deal and is known to work well and give very good results .
You should do it a few times a day and once that is done , then things will be much easier and you will not have a problem in anyway .
There are many people who are not sure about things and this is something that can be very dangerous and hence one needs to look after things well , in order to avoid any issues .
So what are you waiting for ?
We are looking for some good options for health .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The world 's fastest man , Usain Bolt , has adopted a Cheetah at the Nairobi Animal Orphanage .
The world record holder named the two - month - old cub ' Lightning Bolt ' during the launch of the Animal Adoption Programme .
The Jamaican athlete posed for photos and bottle fed the cub during his four day trip to Kenya .
Itâ€™s cleaning up space junk , and is giving us lab - on - chip biofilters for detecting contamination .
Now nanotechnology has produced a coating for windows or solar panels that repels grime and dirt .
Expanded battery storage capacities for the next electric car could be within reach too .
New Tel Aviv University research published in Nature Nanotechnology , details a breakthrough in assembling peptides at the nano - scale level that could make these futuristic visions come true in just a few years .
Operating in the range of 100 nanometers ( roughly one - billionth of a meter ) and even smaller , graduate student Lihi Adler - Abramovich and a team working under Prof .
Ehud Gazit in TAUâ€™s Department of Molecular Microbiology and Biotechnology have found a novel way to control the atoms and molecules of peptides so that they " grow " to resemble small forests of grass .
These " peptide forests " repel dust and water â€ ” a perfect self - cleaning coating for windows or solar panels which , when dirty , become far less efficient .
Article continues : http://blog.cleantechies.com/2009/12/07/solar-panel-that-washes-itself/
! ADVERTISEMENT !
The official Space City Rock Blog , featuring news on local Houston musical happenings and occurances , random venting about various things , and fervent ravings on the wonders of music , art , film , and anything else .
CATEGORIES
OUR FRIENDS
ARCHIVES
RECENT COMMENTS
OUR PICS
Black Metal on Film : " Until the Light Takes Us " at Domy , Tomorrow [ 8/06/2009 10:57:00 AM
] :
I 'm not generally a fan of black metal , no ; beyond my overall aversion to Cookie Monstering when it comes to any kind of singing , my gut reaction when I see somebody in corpsepaint , looking Mëtäl and wannabe - badass , is roughly the same as when I see barbarians with gigantic beer bellies and rode - hard wenches in chainmail bikinis at RenFest .
Which is to say that I just chuckle and shake my head .
Great for them , sure , but not for me .
At the same time , though , I find myself fascinated by the existence of the whole black metal scene -- these guys ( since it does seem to primarily be guys ) seem to not just view the music and image as something fun to do that they love , but treat it instead like a blueprint for their whole freaking lives .
They one - up the Rennies by living this shit , day in and day out , it seems like .
Not that that 's necessarily a good thing , mind you ; I read Michael Moynihan and Didrik Soderlind 's Lords of Chaos : The Bloody Rise of the Satanic Metal Underground with a sick sort of dread in the pit of my stomach , particularly when they dealt with the church burnings , the Mazi leanings , and the murders that 've been tied to the scene .
Still , I can't help but want to see what the hell 's going on inside these people 's skulls , especially after seeing H - town expat photojournalist Peter Beste 's awesome photos of Norwegian black - metal dudes hanging around in caves and isolated cabins in the Scandinavian wilderness , from his book True Norwegian Black Metal .
Check out some of 'em here .
( I mean , c'mon ; the spiky wristbands alone are absolutely priceless , y'all . )
All of the above is to explain , by the way , why I 'm finding tomorrow 's showing at Domy of Until the Light Takes Us so damn enticing .
It 's a documentary look at the black metal scene , produced by musician Aaron Aites and artist Audrey Ewell , that looks at the history , impact , and aftermath of the whole thing .
Here 's the official writeup :
Until the Light Takes
Us is a feature length documentary about black metal : an ideological movement / music genre comprised of metal musicians , murderers , church - burners , and suicide victims .
The film examines the birth and explosive arc of black metal through the eyes of the scene�s leaders , who tried to change the world using music and symbolic acts of violence .
Three men lead the scene : one is dead , one�s in jail for killing him and inciting a wave of church arson , and one continues to release albums in the genre they created .
The musicians blur the line between music , art , activism and terror , and successful visual artists ( including Harmony Korine , who makes a cameo ) are now recontextualizing it as contemporary art in galleries and museums around the world .
Part ( post ) modern art movement , part terrorist movement , and part rock scene , the film tells a story unlike any other .
Details time : Friday , August 7th at 8:30 PM ; door charge is $ 9 ( a little steep for a movie , I know , but this is low - budget indie filmmaking , and these folks need to not go bankrupt , right ? ) .
Oh , and I owe a shout - out to Houston Metal Music Examiner Brett Stevens for this one -- his blog was the first place I heard about the film , waaaaay back at the beginning of July .
Thanks for the heads - up , man ...
Labels : H- Town News , Moo-vies , Musical Crap , Public Service Announcements , Things To Do , Things To See
Share Tweet Flip 0 Shares
10 .
The power of " hey "
iStockphoto.com
This simple word is really one of the most powerful tools to use when you want to talk to a women because it's .
Remember : Attractive women are approached a lot .
She 's heardline .
That said , a guy who comes up to her and says , “ Hey , how ya doing ? ” is actually !
Try it out ; you ’ll see what I mean .
Coal - fired power stations are a major contributor to South African emissions South Africa has committed to reducing its carbon emissions by 34 % by 2020 , but says it will need financial aid from developed countries to do so .
The announcement was made as the world climate talks started in Copenhagen .
Environmental group Greenpeace said the announcement had made South Africa " one of the stars of the negotiations " .
The country 's greenhouse gases come mostly from the coal - burning power stations .
The government says it is looking at other energy sources .
US - LED COPENHAGEN DEAL
No reference to legally binding agreement
Recognises the need to limit global temperatures rising no more than 2C above pre-industrial levels
Developed countries to " set a goal of mobilising jointly $ 100 bn a year by 2020 to address the needs of developing countries "
On transparency : Emerging nations monitor own efforts and report to UN every two years .
Some international checks
No detailed framework on carbon markets - " various approaches " will be pursued South Africa said it would lower its carbon emissions to 34 % below current expected levels by 2020 and about 42 % below current trends by 2025 .
" This undertaking is conditional on firstly a fair , ambitious and effective agreement , " a South African government statement said .
" And secondly , the provision of support from the international community , and in particular finance , technology and support . "
The government said developing countries such as South Africa would need financial help from developed economies , with some of the aid being used to acquire the technology needed to reach its target .
The country 's chief climate negotiator Alf Wills told Reuters the offer was the first time South Africa had given a specific target for reducing its carbon footprint .
AFRICA HAVE YOUR SAY Climate change is a Western problem and at such a Western solution should be found Laura Golakeh , Monrovia
The government said international finance has helped South Africa to build new solar and wind - powered plants .
But construction has already begun on what is believed to be the biggest coal - burning power plant in the country .
The plant is aimed at meeting the country 's increasing energy needs and avoiding a repeat of last year 's rolling blackouts , which cost the country millions of dollars .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ajijic , Jalisco , Mexico | The Republican Party will beat the living piss out of anybody for a buck .
The Democrats will fly the flag of FDR , even as they pirate the public coffers on behalf of Wall Street .
Do n't think the American people have not noticed these things .
After thirty years of pistol whipping and emptying of their wallets , they 've started to figure out there just may be a public robbery underway , with both parties as accomplices .
And so Americans at both ends of the political spectrum are finally wising up to the need for a third party .
Even if it is a third party within their own party , which is no third party at all , of course .
However , for Americans it 's all about branding , what you call a thing , that 's important .
Call a six - ounce block of corn sugar with sunflower seeds and raisins stuck on the outside an " Organic Energy Bar " and by god , you have natural food right there on the 7 - Eleven shelf .
What a thing is called is how a nation a people carefully bred for consumption will see it , thanks to that advertising arm of American capitalism called the news media .
Presently surfacing from the frothing drek we call our political system is a thing called the Tea Party .
Whether advertised as such or not , the Tea Party is viewed by millions as an emerging third party , or the functional equivalent of one .
In some dark recess of the American consciousness -- hard to tell which one because it's all darkness and recession -- millions have figured out that nobody is getting what they want or need from Congress , except the corporations that own Congress .
Actually , dedicated voters on the far right are getting exactly what they have voted for -- a police state -- but do not recognize it yet .
No matter .
Millions are unhappy and one way or another , think a third party , or the threat of one at least , offers a solution .
And how could you go wrong with a brand evoking hallowed images from Ms. Jenkins fourth grade history class of the Boston Tea Party ?
The Tea Party is the latest neoconservative end run around the possibility of a real third party emerging to threaten the status quo .
To be honest , it 's a brilliant political move , absorbing any energies that might have propelled a real third party .
And , in true neocon fashion , it capitalizes on the working class ' inchoate anger at the ongoing screwjob they 've been getting from both parties for thirty years .
The one escalated by Clinton 's NAFTA , institutionalized as corporate theft by G.W. Bush , and polished to a high sheen by Obama 's bailouts , as he brings home the bacon for those Wall Street syndicates running the economy .
Mobilizing the masses into a movement was never easy , and never harder than in America where moving the ever - expanding national ass toward anything other than the refrigerator is a job for a fork lift .
Another way to do it is to adapt the national consciousness through installation of some new hot button by the state media .
At the same time , installing a hot button in a significant portion of the national brain is mostly about simple repetition .
When it comes to watching the effect of simple repetition on simple minds , you could not do better than my native stomping grounds of Virginia and West Virginia , and the packed " town hall meetings " there during the health care reform initiative .
In Southwest Virginia 's Voting District 9 , the Town Hall meetings ' sponsoring congressman was 14 - term Democrat Rick Boucher .
" Slick Rick , " is one of those rightist Democrats never examined by our simplistic , cartoonish media , which treat both parties as if they were uniform in their makeup .
Slick Rick is pro Iraq and Afghan war .
He is bought and paid for by the utilities and communications companies , and is the tenth most powerful person in Congress .
During the so - called health care debate , a crowd was rounded up to fill his town hall meetings with the sort of screaming , red - faced heartland white folks so loved by news cameras , reviled and therefore watched by urban liberals , both white and several shades darker , and upon which the nightly news depends for ratings and ad revenue .
Ruddy overweight working people with neck veins bulging , fists shaking , they made gripping footage for the news hour , even with the sound turned off .
In glaring contrast to to this display of the flow of Aryan blood in the face , sat a lone older black woman .
She had come to tell the congressman about her Down syndrome grandchild .
The child cannot get the physical and mental care he needs , she said , " because our family can't afford any kind of health care at all ...
We are just too poor , " she concluded , near tears .
Her touching plea , as ground zero an illustration of our health care non-system as you could hope for , was interrupted by a sheer burst of redneck compassion .
A young white man jumped up and screamed , " It 's a wonder they did n't abort him ! "
An angry chorus of mob agreement goes up .
Between that entire sorry assemblage there was not enough combined brainpower to piss , much less ask :
Who did n't abort the child ?
Just whom are we talking about here ?
And what in the name of heaven does abortion have to have to do with fixing the health care system for 300 million other Americans , at least three - quarters of whom are incapable of ever getting pregnant , either by virtue of age or their plumbing .
The implied villains were -- who else ? -- those dirty liberal baby killers .
Instantly , abortion rights had become the meeting 's main theme .
All it took was one well - inculcated hot button word -- abortion .
My people , white working class Virginians , had responded right on cue .
Few of them could be called political types by any stretch -- most of whom would normally have been home stuffing their pie holes and waiting for the winning lottery number on TV .
However , they had shown up at the behest of local Republican businessmen , the Chamber of Commerce and fundamentalist pastors , who in turn were orchestrated by health care industry lobbyists and public relations firms .
And so by golly , tonight America was gonna hear the genuine , bona fide , straight - from - the - horse 's - mouth unadulterated opinion of the common man !
Just as soon as they were all instructed as to that opinion .
Many attendees at Town Hall meetings are sufferers of the agitated inchoate anxiety and frustration of the working class .
But as many more at the staged health care rallies , and now the staged " Tea Party " anti-tax rallies , are retired or just plain bored people to whom the free bus ride , or the cheap buffet dinner that often comes with the faux protests looks pretty good .
Not to mention the spiffs , the free tote bag of goodies -- chocolates , coupons , a neat little pen light key ring .
You can dig through this nickel - dime loot while the group 's organizer gives you the " orientation " during the bus ride -- dividing up the planted questions among the alphas in the group , giving tips on how to short circuit the opposing side 's speaking opportunities , booing on cue , and so on .
And sometimes there is even a free trip to Washington D.C. later to do more of the same , if you show enough talent for the cameras .
Boucher 's attendees had little talent , and not even a gnat 's ass worth of understanding of the issue .
But they knew the Devil 's mark , and the Devil 's mark is abortion .
So they responded for the cameras just as they have been conditioned to do .
I know a slew of these people all over the nation and I can tell you this : they honestly do not give a tinker 's damn about abortion .
They really do n't .
Not one in a hundred .
You will never hear any of them mention the word abortion , except when their preachers and self - designated spokespersons or news reporters urge them to .
Or when they are expected to offer some kind of political opinion , or show verbal credentials they are one of their crowd .
The term abortion is tucked away somewhere in their heads in a file holding the vague lexicon of " stuff I understand that I should believe in . "
There it remains , a stale unexamined little brain fart until the appropriate hot button word is pressed , until summonsed up by those who instruct them directly or indirectly as to what they should believe .
And then right on cue , like serially wired blasting caps they are detonated at the Town Hall meetings or Tea Party protests , setting off a chain blasts of " citizen anger . "
The sad truth is that the pent up emotion has little to do with feelings about health care , or taxes ( when the hell has any working American not been against any kind of taxes ? ) but a helluva lot to do with all the shitty breaks , insult and degradation that come with being an underclass citizen of the empire .
We are conditioned in much the same way a dog is trained to bite on command .
It does n't matter who gets bitten , just that the dog gets the satisfaction of biting somebody for a change , and that his master looks pleased when he does .
Widely televised , these anti-reform screamers provide the necessary theatrics for media consumption in an ideological theater state .
Hopped up by anti-reform forces , they do what millions in PR money cannot do , but what only word of mouth misinformation can accomplish with unnerving swiftness -- sew lies and misinformation , let it spread virally until it can no longer be ignored , then give the lies credibility by plastering " citizen outrage " across the nation 's television screens day after day .
It 's effective .
How many people now remember that real health care reform had seventy percent support when it began ?
After a few weeks of orchestrated slap - downs of its proponents at Town Hall meetings , and staged citizen revolts , public opinion of health care reform went down the toilet .
Ordinary people , quiet folks who never much discuss politics , started to have doubts when they saw folks like themselves on television rising up in what was touted by blonde meat puppet anchorpersons and jowly self - important male pundits as " a nationwide protest by the common man . "
The Tea Party is the latest version of a tried and proven neocon tactic .
After the Town Hall Meeting , Boucher could go back to Washington and show Congress proof that working class voters in his district like things the way they are .
That they like being screwed by the insurance rackets and prefer medical bankruptcy to affordable health care .
Once again my people , the great unwashed and unlettered , were sicced like dogs on challengers to the status quo .
A cheer went up from American news consumers out there dining on the spectacle and hyperbole of it all .
" By god Helen !
The common citizen , the working guy , the little guy is standing up to Big Gubbyment about taxes .
Says he ain't gonna take it anymore ! "
The Tea Party 's serial wiring and detonation caps are being set .
Tomorrow morning I will be on NPR's To The Point with the Tea Party 's founder and master blaster , Dale Robertson .
" We are turning our guns on anyone who does n't support constitutional conservative candidates , " he says .
In a test pop last week , the Tea Party blew the Florida 's Republican Party chairman out of his seat .
Robertson , who is obviously enjoying his time in the GOP limelight , declines to say which other states are wired up in the series , but says party leaders in those states will be warned privately .
If it sounds to you like the same old lizards in the meanest corner of the Republican cave are at it again , terrorizing the saner members of their party , well that 's the way it sounds to me too .
But I cannot help but wish that the left end of the Democratic Party , the party that is alleged to represent the political left in this country , had half as much savvy as the neocon puppet masters who are manipulating ole Dale .
The ones pulling the strings on Boucher , despite that Boucher comes packaged as a Democrat .
Or chameleons like Joe Lieberman .
They say that if you put a chameleon on plaid it goes nuts .
I dunno .
But imagine what could happen if the Democrats were not sharing the same corporate industrial sheets with the Republicans .
( Imagine what they could do to that old shape - shifting whore Lieberman !
Otherwise , it 's only a matter of time until Lieberman shows up grinning alongside Dale Robertson at some tea party stomp , assuming Robertson manages to remain useful to the lizard pack long enough . )
But we know the truth .
And the truth is that the same pack of greaseball oligarchs have done it again .
Managed to slip the schnickle to the proles – again .
Because in the big picture , the one where the money is counted ( and money is the only thing that counts in capitalism 's big picture ) they own the game and make the rules .
As George Orwell said , some truths are just too big for people to face .
Viewed from down here in a different neighborhood , here in Jalisco , Mexico , the picture does n't look so big .
In fact , it looks like your standard garden variety racketeering .
The same shit on a red white and blue bun called American politics .
But served up with teabags this time around .
_______
About author Joe Bageant is author of the book , Deer Hunting With Jesus : Dispatches from America 's Class War ( Random House Crown ) , about working class America .
A complete archive of Joe 's essays can be found at Joe Bageant is author of the book , ( Random House Crown ) , about working class America .
A complete archive of Joe 's essays can be found at http://www.joebageant.com
The green shoots are barely out of the ground and Republicans and conservative Democrats in Congress are already demanding that the administration “ do something ” to cut the budget gap .
We worry that the political drumbeat may be too hard to resist .
In 1997 , after three years of tepid growth , the Japanese government stopped its stimulus : it raised a consumption tax , ended a temporary income tax cut , increased social security premiums and nipped recovery in the bud .
Japan ’s other blunder was its unwillingness to fix its banks .
Regulators did not force banks and indebted firms to recognize trillions of yen worth of bad loans .
Banks trundled along like zombies , squandering credit to keep insolvent firms on their feet .
When the Asian currency crisis hit , many undercapitalized banks toppled over .
The Obama administration has not been quite as forgiving with the banks , but it still has been nowhere near aggressive enough .
The regulatory reform meant to curb bankers ’ destructive risk - taking is moving at a snail ’s pace through Congress .
While the Treasury has forced banks to raise capital , many  including some of the largest  remain thinly capitalized and weak .
Banks have been unwilling to sell bad assets and take a loss .
They remain stuffed with risky commercial and residential mortgages and consumer debt .
Bankers , meanwhile , have made things worse by insisting on paying themselves huge bonuses after profiting so handsomely from the taxpayers ’ tolerance and largess .
There are two big problems with that .
The bankers ’ taste for risk has not been in any way quenched .
And the American public is , justifiably , fed up .
That means if there is another bank crisis  say when the Federal Reserve takes away the punch bowl of low interest rates  it will be a lot harder to get Congress to approve another bailout , no matter how necessary .
While the stock market marches on oblivious to the real world , things are rapidly approaching crisis mode in Illinois , and for that matter nearly everywhere you look .
Please consider School bills are due , but state wo n't pay .
Say the words out loud to get a feel for the size of it : Forty - five million , two hundred and six thousand , six hundred and fifty - four dollars , and sixty - one cents .
That 's how much the state is behind in payments to your local schools .
When the quarterly payments came due at the end of the year , the state again missed its categorical and grant payments to all 871 Illinois school districts .
This money is supposed to fund projects like school buses , special education , reading programs and early childhood development .
But the money 's not coming , instead getting added bill by bill to an already $ 4.5 billion IOU the state has for services from schools to homeless shelters .
But the same state that 's no longer paying for these programs legally requires them .
Unlike the usual budget bellyaching when political pressure can make money appear , this time is different , said state Rep. Linda Chapa LaVia , D - Aurora .
There is no money .
" This is not a false alarm .
This is not someone pulling a fire drill .
This is a fire , " Chapa LaVia said .
The West Aurora School District plans to lay off teachers for the second year running .
Last year , the district planned to lay off 120 teachers , but ended up only giving 55 the ax .
The district did n't have a change of heart -- laying off all 120 would have pushed class sizes past the maximum in the teachers union contract .
There 's a fee the district can pay if they want to go past that limit by laying off more teachers .
They 're considering it .
" It 's cheaper to pay a premium than to pay a teacher , " West Aurora Chief Financial Officer Christi Tyler said .
It 's not that the state is denying it owes this money .
The Illinois State Board of Education , like many state agencies , is dutifully sending its vouchers to the comptroller 's office , where ... nothing happens .
What usually is a bureaucratic delay where the comptroller gets the voucher and then cuts the check within a week or two is now an eternal dead - end for bills , a purgatory where state payments linger while Springfield figures out how to fix the state 's funding calamity .
Illinois $ 4.9 Billion Overdue In Paying Bills
You 're a deadbeat , an astonishing $ 4.9 billion overdue in paying your bills .
You owe much of that for services that were provided many months ago by people who , day in and day out , care for your ailing , handicapped and often helpless fellow citizens .
You 're also -- sorry to be blunt -- inept .
You repeatedly spend more than you earn and borrow to fill the gap .
This year you 'll outspend your income by some $ 12 billion .
In the process you 've embraced debts that could plague your descendants after you 're dead and gone .
Examples :
You 've bizarrely promised your workers some $ 80 billion more in pension payouts than you can afford .
What 's more , you 've promised them additional billions that you do n't have for their health care after they retire .
Your money managers are the politicians who run Illinois .
Many of them have failed you spectacularly .
What will you do now ?
Your state is in dreadful shape financially -- well on its way to being New Michigan or , worse , New California .
Yet as 2010 dawns , many of your pols have an incredible deal for you :
Yes , they 've made you insolvent -- that means you can't pay your bills as they come due -- but they promise to make everything spiffy if you re-elect them .
They will pay down your debts , which they manufactured in your name .
To that end , they want you to hand them even more of your income in . . . taxes .
We have watched those politicians in recent years create ever more obligations for taxpayers -- yet also spent citizens ' money in ways that defy common sense .
Many public officials are so terrified of bucking public employees unions and other interest groups that they 've ducked crucial decisions : to reduce pension benefits for future state hires , to move Medicaid patients to managed care , to demand consolidation of small school districts , to outsource costly internal functions like janitorial and food services . . .
The list of money - saving moves private companies long ago would have made goes on and on .
Today 's Illinois even borrows from itself :
The sometimes acceptable practice of short - term lending repeatedly has been overused and abused .
The result is a Ponzi scheme on speed that pays yesterday 's costs with money borrowed today and due back , with interest , tomorrow .
On Feb . 2 , Illinois voters have a choice .
We can raise up our little porridge bowls and ask for more of the same .
Or we can demand that public officials aggressively streamline their governments and how they do business .
Why is Illinois broke ?
( Corrects location of court to Ft. Lauderdale from Miami , in 7th paragraph )
* Disbarred lawyer admits role in $ 1.2 billion fraud
* Agrees to forfeit properties , autos , jewelry , cash
* Faces up to 100 years in prison ( Adds Rothstein lawyer ’s comment )
By Dan Margolies
WASHINGTON , Jan 27 ( Reuters ) - Disbarred South Florida lawyer Scott Rothstein pleaded guilty on Wednesday to orchestrating a Ponzi scheme that bilked clients out of more than $ 1 billion .
Rothstein , 47 , who fled to Morocco in late October but returned to Florida in early November , faces up to 100 years in prison when he is sentenced May 6 .
Rothstein acted with co-conspirators to carry out a $ 1.2 billion Ponzi scheme , creating false bank documents that conned investors while providing “ gratuities to high - ranking members of police agencies ” in order to deflect law enforcement scrutiny , according to court documents .
The cigar - chomping lawyer , a frequent campaign contributor often photographed with local politicians , lived a lavish life , with opulent homes and a fleet of expensive foreign sports cars .
He used his connections and charm to lure wealthy friends and patrons to invest with him .
He has agreed to forfeit assets including properties in Fort Lauderdale and other cities in Florida ; more than a dozen automobiles , including a Bentley convertible , two Ferraris , two Mercedes Benzes and a Rolls Royce convertible ; hundreds of pieces of jewelry and watches ; and millions of dollars in bank accounts , according to court documents .
He has also agreed to give up his interests in a variety of businesses .
The Republican Party of Florida has agreed to turn over to the government tens of thousands of dollars in contributions received from Rothstein , and the office of Florida Governor Charlie Crist has agreed to hand over $ 9,600 in campaign contributions , the court documents showed .
Rothstein ’s lawyer , Marc Nurik , said his client ’s guilty plea in federal court in Ft. Lauderdale was “ a continuation of the process that Scott began when he voluntarily returned from a non-extraditable country and turned over all of his assets , worth conservatively $ 60 - plus million , to the government .
And now he ’s admitting to all of the crimes he was charged with . ”
Rothstein was a founder and the managing partner of the law firm Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler PA , which had about 150 employees and was placed in receivership in November .
In his plea agreement , Rothstein admitted that he falsely told would - be investors that his law firm clients wanted to borrow money for undisclosed business deals and had agreed to pay high rates of interest .
He also admitted that he and unnamed co-conspirators sold nonexistent settlements in sexual harassment and whistleblower actions .
In one case , a potential investor was solicited to buy a settlement valued at $ 450,000 for $ 375,000 .
The investor was to receive $ 150,000 a month for three months .
Prosecutors said the schemes were fraudulent , with money from new investors used to pay off previous investors -- a classic Ponzi scheme .
Federal prosecutor Jeffrey Kaplan said the government was continuing to investigate Rothstein ’s scam .
So far , only Rothstein has been charged .
( Reporting by Dan Margolies ; editing by John Wallace )
The world was rocked by terrorism , climate change became an emergency , celebrity culture moved from our TVs to our bookshelves , and a boy wizard held millions spellbound .
Love them or hate them , these are the 50 books that defined the decade
2000
Julian Barnes on White Teeth , by Zadie Smith ( Penguin )
When I began to read White Teeth ( as a judge for the Guardian First Book award ) my preponderant feeling was one of relief .
Relief that , despite the loudest hype for a first novel in my lifetime , the book itself was very good .
Relief that its author , despite ticking all the boxes of promotability , was a serious writer .
Relief that , despite being touted as " the multicultural novel for our time " , it also spread more widely , and was as much about religion and faith as about race .
Relief , too , that as a novel it was far from perfect – which might have been unbearable – and accorded to someone 's definition of the novel as " a long piece of prose with something wrong with it " .
Even at the level of surface fact , there are numerous errors , especially in the war section ( where tanks suddenly turn into jeeps and pistol bullets produce shrapnel ) .
The almost preposterous talent was clear from the first pages .
You can't teach a writer ear : White Teeth is a feast of aurality , of overlapping , interweaving , interbreeding modes of speech .
You can't teach a writer eye , or curiosity about what they are n't interested in : Smith 's appetite for subject - matter is gluttonous .
You can't teach a writer tone of voice : Smith 's is tremendously assured , controlling , veering towards the bossy – though also at times yielding to the first novelist 's nervous weakness for putting in stuff just so that the reader will not be in any doubt that he or she knows stuff .
What the novel gives off , with and beyond all this , is the sheer excitement of literary creation .
Most practitioners of the arts have moments when they doomily , self - pityingly feel that the form they work in is about to collapse : because of rival technologies , consumer apathy or lack of interest from the next generation .
So Smith 's traditionalism – her implicit belief that prose fiction is still the best way of describing and understanding the world – was perhaps the greatest relief .
Cheek is also a useful attribute of the first novelist .
One page of White Teeth that I especially enjoyed contains a long , rich riff on school smoking habits .
All the cool kids favour dope , or at least something of an illegal nature , whereas the school 's dullards gather in nerd - herds to share boringly legal cigarettes .
The typical fag smoker , according to this page , is " a little featureless squib called Mart , Jules , Ian " .
When introduced to the author at the award ceremony , I sternly informed her – speaking for the other two as well – that this page had not escaped our attention , and that " we " would be keeping our eye on her .
We have been ever since , with continuing admiration . •
✒ No Logo , by Naomi Klein ( Fourth Estate )
Bestselling exposé of the nefarious activities of Nike , Shell and other corporations , which became an inspiration for the anti-globalisation movement .
✒ The Tipping Point , by Malcolm Gladwell ( Little , Brown )
First book from the pop sociology phenomenon , which seeks to explain why small changes can have a big impact on social trends .
✒ A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius , by Dave Eggers ( Picador )
A heartbreaking account of his parents ' deaths from cancer , with footnotes and tricks .
Gave the misery memoir literary credibility .
✒ The Amber Spyglass , by Philip Pullman ( Scholastic )
Final part of the magisterial Northern Lights trilogy , which created its own mythology while setting new standards in crossover fiction .
✒ How to Be a Domestic Goddess : Baking and the Art of Comfort Cooking , by Nigella Lawson ( Chatto & Windus )
Kickstarted the cupcake revolution and became the bible for the yummy - mummy generation .
✒ Experience , by Martin Amis ( Vintage )
The messiness of a life backlit by celebrity is poignantly detailed in a scrupulous and candid memoir by a writer incapable of writing a dull sentence .
2001
Joshua Ferris on The Corrections , by Jonathan Franzen ( Harper Perennial )
It was the book you had to read .
And by " you " I mean not just you , writer of fiction , follower of literary trends ; I mean also your father - in - law , your little sister .
If you were an American , certainly , or for that matter any citizen of a first - world , late - capitalist nation , The Corrections had your number .
How often does the spectrum of praise run from Pat Conroy to David Foster Wallace ?
It was a phenomenon that seemed to come out of nowhere .
Franzen had written two previous novels , but in 10 years only a few provocative essays , and nothing to indicate that here would be the writer to tell us – if every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way – how the American family was unhappy .
Which is not to suggest the book was bleak .
It was merciless , it was skewering , the family at its heart full of bicker , betrayal , and many other varieties of familial sport – but the artist assembling and synthesising it all for the pleasure of the reader was possessed , thank God , of a voracious emotional intelligence , capable of mollifying all that was ugly and unlikable in his individual characters with empathy and humour .
Oh , it 's compulsive reading !
The copy I have is a hardback containing 568 pages , and not one of them flags .
The sentences are rollicking flickers of genius , one brilliant - dense paragraph meeting another , narratives vectoring into the outlandish and the unexpected while remaining ever committed to the realist 's agenda .
We might have forgotten , by the time the book landed , that a literary doorstopper of the first order of seriousness could also be unabashed entertainment .
More likely Franzen simply knew that all comedy is deadly serious , and that the fraudulent online sale of post - Soviet Lithuania , for example , or a stolen salmon fillet sliding down the hero 's underpants , was the low - brow fallout , the comic carryover , of a writer dividing the sadness of a declining family by the sadness of a declining culture .
The book was a howl : against greed , against selfishness , against the axiom of American happiness , finally against the tyranny of family holidays .
It stirred a specious controversy when Franzen , possessed of so fine a sense of ambivalence towards the commercial ends of things that he could write a book like The Corrections in the first place , was caught discomfited by the book 's popular embrace .
But now that dust - up seems squarely of its time and place , while the book has achieved timelessness .
Told in the expansive tradition of Dickens and Tolstoy , fluent , uncompromising , accessible , expressive of an awesome amount of contemporary experience that remains all too familiar today , The Corrections continues to be the exemplary novel of postwar American family life . •
✒ Atonement , by Ian McEwan ( Jonathan Cape )
Second world war country - house love story indebted to The Go-Between that made McEwan a household name .
✒ Austerlitz , by WG Sebald ( Penguin )
Melancholy , genre - bending novel of a 20th - century Jewish life from one of the decade 's most admired writers .
✒ A Life 's Work : On Becoming a Mother , by Rachel Cusk ( Fourth Estate )
The first and most uncompromising example of the new focus on motherhood .
2002
Polly Toynbee on Nickel and Dimed : Undercover in Low - Wage USA , by Barbara Ehrenreich ( Granta )
Images of brutalising work will linger a lifetime for all who read Barbara Ehrenreich 's journey through the circles of low - wage hell .
She lifts the carpet to look at the humanity working beneath the shiny public face of the United States .
Read this and you will forever find yourself asking who is cleaning your hotel room .
Is that smiling Have - a - Nice - Day waitress living in a homeless shelter ?
In that bright nursing home , is one exhausted care assistant all alone on a double shift with a room full of demented old people ?
Has that Walmart sales assistant had nothing to eat all day but a packet of Doritos ?
Here , on $ 7 an hour , are America 's working poor – too poor to rent a flat or even a room , sharing run-down motel rooms and mobile homes on the far outskirts of cities where buses hardly run .
They do essential work in the unseen services that oil the wheels of society .
These jobs can't be globalised : no one 's granny can be bathed in Lahore .
No one 's office can be cleaned from a call centre in the Philippines .
This is work that must be done by someone , cleaning , caring , catering or at the checkout , unnoticed hands toiling beyond exhaustion , without healthcare if they fall sick .
Their daily existence is as perilous as any Dickens described .
Ehrenreich is one of the great American reporters .
Taking on these jobs herself across the States , her hawk 's eye for detail swoops down on the petty tyrannies of martinet supervisors and the bullying contempt that accompanies contemptuous pay rates .
She has an intellectual depth of analysis on this malfunctioning economy that Orwell never attempted in Down and Out in Paris and London or The Road to Wigan Pier .
She explores the great failure in the market forces still celebrated by classical economists cleaving to notions that Adam Smith 's invisible hand of the market will always produce the best of all possible worlds , despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary .
In many US cities there is a shortage of people to do these jobs , as property developers take over anywhere cleaners , carers or cashiers can afford to live .
In Minnesota labour is scarce , so why do n't wages rise ?
Because the market does n't work like that for the low - paid .
Cartel group - think sees hotels , restaurants and office cleaning companies conspire to keep local wages low and suffer staff shortages , rather than compete for labour and all pay more .
The Maids is a cleaning company keeping up appearances in suburban executive homes .
Ehrenreich and her crew speed - clean with only a regulation half bucket of dirty water – no time to change it – sprinting from house to house all day , wearing on their backs a vacuum - cleaner pack the weight of a heavy machine gun .
The life - support systems of the affluent rely on crippling this army of underpaid starvelings .
British readers will recognise the syndrome and its economic dysfunctions – but for us it is also a timely reminder of the life - saving value of a welfare state where at least housing benefit pays the rent , tax credits pay for children and the NHS is free . •
✒ London Orbital : A Year Walking Around the M25 , by Iain Sinclair ( Penguin )
High - strung account of circumnavigating the metropolis from the phrase - making guru of psychogeography .
✒ Fingersmith , by Sarah Waters ( Virago )
Raising historical fiction , lesbian characters and mystery plotting up to the literary high ground .
✒ Persepolis : The Story of a Childhood and the Story of a Return , by Marjane Satrapi ( Jonathan Cape )
The Iranian revolution in comic strip .
2003
Mark Lawson on The Da Vinci Code , by Dan Brown ( Corgi )
It 's a tempting metaphor for literary pessimists that , in 1968 , John Updike appeared on the cover of Time magazine , while , four decades later , the bestselling novelist given this symbolic accolade was Dan Brown .
If , as many American writers and critics now claim , serious writing is dead , then it 's Brown who must be taken down to the station for questioning .
He somehow convinced almost 90 million people around the world to read a book which has an opening sentence that sounds like scribbled notes for a screenplay – " Renowned curator Jacques Saunière staggered through the vaulted archway of the museum 's Grand Gallery " – and then becomes progressively less literate .
So how did the writer of three little - noticed thrillers become , with his fourth book , the only novelist in the 21st century to challenge the sales of JK Rowling 's seven - volume Potter sequence ?
The most obvious explanation is that this story of a conspiracy lasting two millennia – the Catholic church 's brutal and cunning cover -up of the fact that Jesus and Mary Magdalene had children – chimed with a time of paranoid suspicion about official institutions and religions , as the American government fought a war against terrorism in which both sides were led by those of strong religious faith .
There 's surely also a clue to Brown 's success in two other literary genres that have flourished during this decade .
This was a period in which factual books containing arcane information – biographies of 15th - century mathematicians and the Do Wasps Have Prostates ?
school of popular science – jostled novels off the bookshop shelves , creating a readership likely to be drawn to fiction which tells you things .
It 's also likely that many of those who were given the volume as a gift – what a boon for birthdays and Christmas finally to have a book suitable for those who do n't read !
– will also have been given copies of sudoku or other brainteaser books , another publishing phenomenon of the Noughties .
Regular fiction readers find it implausible that dying people , serial killers and architects can be bothered to hide Fibonacci numbers on their walls or their bodies ; once - a - year fiction - tasters may find it reassuringly non-literary .
The book brought Brown the life that tends to come with a global readership now : living reclusively in a mansion , hiding from plagiarism suits and weird communications from readers .
The Da Vinci Code was a slow - burner , reaching peak sales a couple of years after publication , but it was followed in 2009 by a fast - blazer : The Lost Symbol , reputed to have the biggest initial print - run in fiction history .
It was more or less the same book again , with his symbologist discovering that the founding fathers of the USA had turned Washington into a crossword puzzle which a sinister cult did n't want solved 200 years later .
But why should n't Brown write The Da Vinci Code again when so many other authors had ?
His legacy has been shelves of opportunistic thrillers with titles like The Galileo Codex and The Michelangelo Matrix .
The only consolation from John Updike 's death in January 2009 was that he missed the latest book and film ( Angels and Demons ) from his degenerated successor as Time frontman .
Is this what fiction in the 21st century has become ?
A novel by someone who does n't know how to write for people who do n't much like reading ? •
✒ Landing Light , by Don Paterson ( Faber )
All early promise confirmed in a collection that saw Paterson elevated to the front rank of contemporary poets .
✒ The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time , by Mark Haddon ( Vintage )
Crossover novel about autism and family breakdown that did n't censor itself for children or infantilise adult readers .
✒ The Kite Runner , by Khaled Hosseini ( Bloomsbury )
The novel that made Afghanistan the talking - point of every book group .
✒ Eats , Shoots & Leaves , by Lynne Truss ( Profile )
Pedant 's revolt against bad grammar that became the ultimate posh loo book .
2004
Jonathan Freedland on The 9/11 Commission Report : Final Report of the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks upon the United States ( WW Norton )
There are few more wounding insults in the literary arsenal than the one that says " written by committee " .
We know what such books are like : bland , diluted where they should be strong , stodgy where they should be lean .
Those keen to pile on the insults might further damn a book by saying it " reads like a government report " .
Translation : mind - sappingly boring .
How odd , then , that one of the most critically acclaimed and bestselling books of the century 's first decade was a government report written by committee .
The 9/11 Commission Report had everything against it .
Instead of a single authorial voice , it is credited to the 10 members of the commission and their staff of 80 .
What 's more , those 10 commissioners were all former politicians , chosen on strict partisan lines : five Democrats , five Republicans .
( At least the current Chilcot inquiry into Iraq includes two published historians . )
Less propitious still , the report was timed to appear in time for the 2004 presidential election .
Surely it would be both rushed and timid , fearful of offering any conclusions that could help one side over the other .
To cap it all , the commission 's chairman , the former New Jersey governor Tom Kean , was set on delivering a unanimous verdict , which had to mean firm judgments would be driven out by fudge and that sharp sentences would make way for windy , convoluted ones .
All those preconceptions were blown away more or less at once on 22 July 2004 – the day the report was handed to President Bush and put on commercial sale in bookstores around the US .
Sceptics only had to read the first sentence to know they were not holding any ordinary government report : " Tuesday , September 11 , 2001 , dawned temperate and nearly cloudless in the eastern United States .
Millions of men and women readied themselves for work . "
The first , narrative section of the report continued in that vein , telling the story of 9/11 as if it were the darkest of political thrillers .
There were cuts between locations , cliffhangers to end chapters , a sinister villain brooding in the shadows .
It was less royal commission , more 24 .
Except in this story , there were no good guys to save the day .
The book shot to the top of the New York Times bestsellers ' list and was nominated for the National Book award for non-fiction .
Reviewers praised the restraint of the prose .
" The dominant tone is wise and sad , not angry , " said the Washington Post .
" Rhetorically , the knowing shake of the head trumps the angry clench of the fist . "
One review noted the similarity of the language – spare and bare – to that of the " misery memoir " .
The report was written , it said , in the " language of American pain " .
The commission 's recommendations may well not survive close scrutiny in the decades to come .
Several experts believed the commissioners fell foul of the very error that afflicted the intelligence agencies before 9/11 : they were able to imagine only what had already happened , and so could not advise America on how to protect itself from a danger as yet unknown and with no precedent .
But even if The 9/11 Commission Report does not endure as a policy statement , it may well live on as a narrative account of the defining event of the early 21st century .
As Kean said at the time : " I wanted this to be a document that , 100 years from now , when some child wanted to know about 9/11 , they 're going to pull this off the library shelf and be able to read it . "
On that measure , he surely succeeded . •
✒ Small Island , by Andrea Levy ( Headline )
An affectionate and historically important portrayal of the struggles of the Windrush generation that won the Orange prize .
✒ The Line of Beauty , by Alan Hollinghurst ( Picador )
Booker - prizewinning story of a gay Oxford graduate who navigates the hedonism and hard - heartedness of the Thatcher era .
✒ Cloud Atlas , by David Mitchell ( Sceptre )
Global - ranging , genre - busting novel in six parts that made Mitchell a cult hit .
✒ Being Jordan , by Katie Price ( John Blake Publishing )
The queen of the celebrity memoir – Price 's novel Crystal outsold the entire Booker shortlist in 2007 .
✒ Earth : An Intimate History , by Richard Fortey ( Vintage )
Literary consolidation of the revolution in earth sciences that began in 1965 , chronicling an astonishing shift in how we see the world .
2005
Vince Cable on Freakonomics , by Steven D Levitt & Stephen J Dubner ( Penguin )
Like a lot of people who studied economics and call themselves economists , I often feel frustrated with my own subject .
I did n't embark on economics to become an applied mathematician or model builder .
I wanted to understand how the world around me worked ; why people behave the way they do .
Traditional economics has helped to answer a few interesting and important questions , such as why and how countries trade with each other , why prices go up and down and why we get inflation or unemployment .
But most aspects of human behaviour have remained unexplained or have fallen into the domain of social anthropology or psychology .
Steven Levitt has changed social science fundamentally by opening up a wide range of social and individual behaviour to economic analysis .
His key tool is understanding incentives .
Economists have traditionally seen incentives in terms of price ( or price as a trade - off against leisure or risk aversion or other components of a utility function ) .
Levitt looks at all aspects of behaviour and tries to understand the individual motivation that drives it .
Another tool is the use of information : who has it and how they use it .
Freakonomics provides a wide range of problems which it is possible to solve using these tools .
And others – such as Tim Harford , the FT's " Undercover Economist " – have added to the richness of this new approach .
Levitt 's best - known insight arises from his attempts to explain crime , and in particular the remarkable decline in violent crime in the US in the 1990s .
He examines all the popular explanations – more capital punishment , longer prison sentences , economic growth , stronger gun-control laws and better policing .
He finds that , while each hypothesis may be superficially plausible and go some way to explaining a small part of the change , the evidence suggests that there is another , deeper explanation : the legalisation of abortion following Roe v Wade .
Following this ruling , large numbers of unwanted children were no longer born to poor mothers in neighbourhoods with the highest incidence of violent crime .
Levitt 's hypothesis was tested with positive results over time and across states ( and internationally ) .
He makes no moral or political judgment on abortion , but identifies from evidence a key set of motives and incentives : the positive commitment ( or not ) of a woman to having children and raising them well .
A lot of Levitt 's work satisfies his own intellectual curiosity but is n't of any practical value .
But the work that is of practical value is often counterintuitive and shocking , and all the more valuable for that .
He establishes that home swimming pools are more dangerous than handguns , for example .
His most interesting work involves explaining cheating behaviour , corruption , criminality , especially with drugs .
Here there are many myths and prejudices , and Levitt forces us to consider evidence , not preconceived doctrine , as a basis for policy .
Much of his work ventures very far from what we normally call economics and for that reason may produce a sniffy reaction from the professionals ( and those from other disciplines who may fear a territorial raid ) .
But as the introduction acknowledges , Levitt is returning economics to its roots , in particular to Adam Smith .
Smith 's two great books , The Wealth of Nations and The Theory of Moral Sentiments , tried 250 years ago , using objective evidence , to understand the links between individual motives and the working of society .
Levitt helps return our discipline to its proper purpose . •
✒ Untold Stories , by Alan Bennett ( Faber )
Delicately finessed personal revelations ensured we loved him even more .
But do we know him any better ?
✒ The Year of Magical Thinking , by Joan Didion ( HarperCollins )
Devastating personal account by America 's classiest non-fiction writer of her attempt to come to terms with the sudden death of her husband and the fatal illness of her only daughter .
✒ Postwar , by Tony Judt ( Pimlico )
The first vivid , detailed study of the continent 's post - 1945 recovery to take in all of Europe , east and west .
✒ Saturday , by Ian McEwan ( Vintage )
The march against the war in Iraq , a cameo for Tony Blair in Tate Modern and a lovingly assembled fish stew – the novel that summed up New Labour .
2006
Christopher Hitchens on The God Delusion , by Richard Dawkins ( Black Swan )
There are numberless reasons for regarding The God Delusion as a modern classic and one of these reasons , I would propose , is its relative superfluity .
Richard Dawkins has already introduced millions of people to the rigour and beauty of the scientific worldview and shown in exquisite detail the ways in which we , like all our fellow creatures , have evolved and were in no meaningful sense " created " .
Before the arid term " scientist " was coined in the last century , men such as Newton and Darwin were reckoned as " natural philosophers " : a term that suits Dawkins very well .
Another scholar deserving of the same title of honour was the late paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould , and The God Delusion can be read as a response to Gould 's conciliatory and wishful proposition that " science " and " faith " ( or religion ) occupy " non-overlapping magisteria " .
Dawkins 's energy , industry and wit , in disputing this idle view and in showing the hard , historic incompatibilities between the two , have led to his being caricatured as a dogmatist in his own right , even as a " fundamentalist " .
What empty piffle this is .
A senior teacher in the vital field of biology finds his discipline under the crudest form of attack , and sees government money being squandered on the teaching of drivel in schools .
What sort of tutor would he be if he did not rise to the defence of his own profession ?
Thus the appearance of a secondary work that ought not to have been needed at all , but is in fact required now more than ever .
The God Delusion is , like Daniel Dennett 's Breaking the Spell , quite respectful of the human origins of religion and of the ways in which it may have assisted people in spiritual and even material ways .
We are pattern - seeking primates , and religion was our first attempt to make sense of nature and the cosmos .
This does not give us permission , however , to go on pretending that religion is other than man-made .
And the worst excuse ever invented for the exertion of power by one primate over another is the claim that certain primates have God on their side .
It is not only justifiable to be impatient and contemptuous when such tyrannies are proposed ; it 's more like a duty .
The atheist does not say and cannot prove that there is no deity .
He or she says that no persuasive evidence or argument has ever been adduced for the notion .
Surely this should place the burden on the faithful , who do after all make very large claims for themselves and their religions .
But not a bit of it : we are somehow supposed to regard the profession of " faith " as if it were a good thing in itself .
This is too much to ask , and it was high time to say so .
I regret to say that I have just noticed a tiny mistake on page 177 .
It is not true to say that the Virgin Mary " ascended " into heaven .
She was " assumed " into that place , by a ruling of the Roman Catholic church that dates back all the way to the mid-19th century .
Dawkins really must be more careful , but he may have been busy , as in the chapter of Climbing Mount Improbable in which he described the 20 or so separate evolutions of the eye .
Readers of The God Delusion ought to press on and buy all the other Dawkins volumes too . •
✒ The Road , by Cormac McCarthy ( Picador )
The novel that crystallised our era's fears of environmental apocalypse – and may just terrify us into action .
✒ The Looming Tower , by Lawrence Wright ( Penguin )
Pulitzer - prizewinning investigation into the origins of al - Qaida and the runup to 9/11 .
✒ The Weather Makers , by Tim Flannery ( Penguin )
Acclaimed , influential study of the dire consequences of global warming , and possible solutions .
✒ The Revenge of Gaia , by James Lovelock ( Penguin )
No longer a prophet in the wilderness , Lovelock and his theory of a living planet are now cornerstones of the environmental debate .
2007
Alison Lurie on Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , by JK Rowling ( Bloomsbury )
Why are these books such a worldwide phenomenon ?
Yes , they are very good , but many equally good books have appeared without causing near - riots on publication day .
The best explanation I can come up with is that , like the popular dramas of Shakespeare 's time , they excel in many genres simultaneously .
As Polonius puts it when recommending the company of travelling actors that visits Elsinore , they are outstanding " either for tragedy , comedy , history , pastoral , pastoral - comical , historical - pastoral , tragical - historical , [ or ] tragical - comical - historical - pastoral " .
Something for everyone , all of it first - rate .
The Harry Potter books can be enjoyed by readers who like jokes and puns and original , often outsize comic characters such as Hagrid .
At the same time , they are exciting tales of adventure , mystery and detection .
And they are also classic boarding - school stories , full of admirable and hateful teachers , thrilling sports competitions , midnight feasts , loyal friendships and bitter rivalries between houses .
They are fantasies , too , and like Shakespeare contain witches , wizards , elves , ghosts , spells and transformations .
They also have affinities with speculative fiction , being full of original supernatural inventions and devices .
All this gives pleasure to many kinds of readers .
But the books are serious , too ; in them good people as well as bad ones die , giving their lives for the sake of a greater cause , like many heroes of Elizabethan drama .
Some of the most admirable adult characters , as in Shakespeare , are also revealed to have a tragic flaw that causes them to hesitate to act , to make foolish errors of judgment , to lie , or even to commit murder .
As in the best juvenile fiction , the novels ' young heroes are not perfect beings .
Harry is good at Quidditch , but his eyesight is poor , he is only an average student , and his unhappy childhood has made him something of a loner .
Hermione is intellectually brilliant , but also opinionated , bossy and a grind .
Ron is loyal and brave , but sometimes clueless .
Had it not been for the necessities of plot , the Sorting Hat would surely have made him a Hufflepuff and Hermione a Ravensclaw .
Moreover , though the prevailing style of Rowling 's books is lively and upbeat , there are darker undertones .
As the author put it in a recent interview : " My books are largely about death .
They open with the deaths of Harry 's parents .
There is Voldemort 's obsession with conquering death and his quest for immortality at any price . "
Even in this magical world it is a quest in which none can succeed .
Evil , too , is never totally defeated .
In the epilogue at the end of the series , 19 years later , there is still a Slytherin House at Hogwarts , and some of the students boarding the train at platform 9 ¾ are bound for it .
•
✒ The Suspicions of Mr Whicher , by Kate Summerscale ( Bloomsbury )
More genre - blurring : this social history reads like a murder mystery and deserved its enormous success .
✒ The Blair Years : Extracts from the Alastair Campbell Diaries ( Arrow )
Compelling portrait of power in action from an irascible insider .
✒ Half of a Yellow Sun , by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie ( Harper Perennial )
The first great African novel of the new century , detailing the horrors of the Nigerian civil war .
✒ The Reluctant Fundamentalist , by Mohsin Hamid ( Penguin )
A spare , unsettling portrayal of the uneasy relationship between east and west as a Pakistani Muslim relates his experiences of living in post - 9/11 New York .
2008
Lorrie Moore on Change We Can Believe In , The Audacity of Hope and Dreams from My Father , by Barack Obama ( Canongate )
In 2008 Obama 's new book was Change We Can Believe
In , but for most of the reading public all of his books were new , and his early memoir , reissued , had begun to be read widely that same year .
Unlike Change We Can Believe
In and The Audacity of Hope , Dreams from My Father was not about policy .
It was written before the politician who wrote the others had even been hatched ( hatched as a plan rather than as a creature ) .
Dreams from My Father contains Obama 's most spellbinding writing .
It was the book most Americans were talking about in 2008 .
Within its pages is a vulnerable portrait of the boy who became the man ; resilience is its theme .
First published in 1995 when Obama was 33 and selling very few copies ( the bulk of its first printing was pulped ) , a signed first edition now sells for five figures or sometimes six .
For those of you who missed out on this deal , get in line , and we will pool our dimes for a cheap hypnotist who will rid all financial regret from our minds so that we can concentrate on what is more important – or at least more literary .
Dreams from My Father is surely ( ironically , via its partially telescoped pacing and its storytelling licence generally ) one of the truest glimpses into Obama the young man and boy .
Written when he wanted to be a writer ( rather than when he was contemplating the burdens of being commander - in - chief ) and when he was thinking of readers rather than voters , it offers a candour and vividness one will not see in a more ordinary political memoir .
There is sex , there is drugs , but they are completely unsensational .
He is matter - of - fact and unself - pitying even as self - pity is a thematic corollary to his subject of identity .
Dreams from My Father is less about idealism than about boulders in the road : does one smash them , rope and haul them , go around them ?
Napping or retreating are n't options .
What Obama offers is an intriguing portrait of family restlessness , which afflicted both his parents and his grandfathers as well as Obama himself – a restlessness that caused him not to shy from challenges but to use boredom and frustration and good intentions to step up and over them .
In Dreams from My Father , family yarns are unspooled and analysed , as if they were indeed dreams , with a dream 's strange fleeings , chases and believable changes .
One of the most memorable is of his four - year - old Kenyan father running away with his older sister , who was running away to find their mother , who had also run away ; it is a heart - stopping tale of African village life .
Equally stunning is the stoical story of the Indonesian stepfather who attempted to toughen the young Barack by boxing him in the face .
If one is wondering who this new leader of the western world really is , Dreams from My Father addresses it best . •
✒ The Rest Is Noise : Listening to the Twentieth Century , by Alex Ross ( Harper Perennial )
Contemporary classical music found its voice in the age of the blog .
✒ Netherland , by Joseph O'Neill ( Harper Perennial )
Cricket , gangsters and mid-life crisis in post - 9/11 New York .
✒ The Forever War , by Dexter Filkins ( Vintage )
Hardhitting dispatches from the frontline in Iraq and Afghanistan that have already achieved classic status .
✒ Home , by Marilynne Robinson ( Virago )
Proved it 's still possible to write a best - selling novel about religious doubt .
Winner of the Orange prize .
✒ The Age of Wonder : How the Romantic Generation Discovered the Beauty and Terror of Science , by Richard Holmes ( Harper Press )
Cultural history of science that delighted both lay readers and the scientific establishment .
2009
John Mullan on Wolf Hall , by Hilary Mantel ( Fourth Estate )
As Booker judges this year , we found ourselves shortlisting six historical novels .
Yet suggestions of quaintness and self - consciousness remained attached to the genre .
Not now .
With Wolf Hall , the richly deserving winner , Mantel redeemed historical fiction from archaism and undigestible " research " .
Intensely pleasurable , it is also a work of technical audacity .
It is told in the third person , but entirely through the thoughts of Thomas Cromwell , a courtier who acquires power in ways that sometimes surprise even himself .
Mantel makes him her accomplice in the art of noticing things , the precious points of light in a darkened world – " the flashes of fire from Wolsey 's turquoise ring " , " the spinning of sparkling dust in empty rooms " – and the small gestures by which men and women give themselves away .
It is a big book , but to get at its brilliance you need to isolate passages , even sentences .
In one typical sequence of paragraphs , we observe with Cromwell the attempts of his kitchen boys to make spiced wafers on hot irons , while he muses on his attempts to manipulate rancorous politicians and restrain Anne Boleyn 's status - hungry father .
Domestic detail and political manoeuvre are interleaved , as the protagonist watches one thing and thinks of another .
It is learnt from the stream - of - consciousness narrative of Virginia Woolf and her imitators , but it is also something sharp and idiosyncratic .
Cromwell 's mind does not flit from one thought to another : it tirelessly works to separate experience into its categories , to make the chaos of human needs intelligible .
The novel makes Cromwell its hero and Sir Thomas More its villain .
Cromwell is a tolerant , enlightened servant of power , who attempts to limit the violence it can do .
More is a chilly fanatic , bent on achieving religious rectitude by torture and terror .
You can understand the suspicions of some historians , for , on this showing , Mantel could persuasively rewrite history in any way she fancied .
Yet she also allows the reader to see this – to know on every page that we are exercising our imaginations .
When she wants us to see something , we do .
The novel 's representations of violence are extraordinary .
In one episode that you would like to forget but cannot , an old woman – an obdurate Protestant – is burnt at the stake .
Writers and film - makers have often enough reimagined for us what this terrible exhibition would have been like , but never as here .
It is made real because it is percolated through Cromwell 's mind as he recalls the spectacle from his boyhood : " They had said it would not take long , but it did take long . "
This year many novels adopted the present historic tense , as Wolf Hall does .
In most cases , the technique flourishes its literariness .
Here it seems just and inevitable .
There is no vantage point beyond the unfolding of events .
Mantel 's protagonist is a man of restive intelligence , but not able to see beyond this here , this now .
We experience his here and now with him .
We think we " know " this history , but we un - know it again as we read this novel . •
✒ 2666 , by Roberto Bolaño ( Picador )
Novel in parts from the decade 's biggest fiction discovery , which combines literary playfulness with visceral reports of the murders in Ciudad Juárez .
✒ Brooklyn , by Colm Tóibín ( Viking )
Elegant , heartbreaking novel about Irish girl who emigrates to New York in the 1950s .
The best of the rest written by the Review team .
For anyone who always wanted to be on TV , but never really made it , you ’ve got one more chance — assuming you ’re dying .
British station Channel 4 is accepting applications with an incredibly morbid and bizarre show about how to mummify a human body .
According to the Daily Mail Dr. Gunther von Hagens is behind the TV documentary .
Hagens , the quirky anatomist behind Body Works exhibit , an on - air assisted suicide and the first televised autopsy , hopes to challenge views on death by taking viewers back in time to an era when death was a major part of life .
But the mummification is n’t the only thing that will be featured on the show as production company Fulcrum TV’s Richard Belfield told the Independent newspaper .
‘ We would like to film with you over the next few months to understand who you are and what sort of person you are so the viewers get to know you and have a proper emotional response to you .
‘ It may sound rather macabre but we have mummified a large number of pigs to check that the process worked and it does .
We have lined up scientists to support the project and found a place approved by the Human Tissue Authority where the mummification would take place .
‘ Afterwards one thought was – though this is not obligatory – to put the body in an exhibition in a proper museum so people can properly understand the mummification process .
That is something we would be flexible about .
‘ But we would like to keep the body for two or three years to see that the mummification process worked .
Then the normal funeral arrangements could be made . ’
This sounds like something that would never happen , let alone make its way to the U.S. in any form but a torrent .
It ’s sad really , I would much rather watch someone be mummified than keep up with the Kardashians or see Brett Michaels mow down a troop of sluts .
Alas , I ’ll be watching it on the Channel 4 site when and if it does come out .
[ Images via Joshua Sherurcij / Wikipedia ]
Onstage , he is just a wonder to watch , as a pianist , as a lyricist , as a composer , a conductor and as a man .
- Vibes Music Blog
MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow believes she has found the smoking gun proving Republicans ’ hypocrisy on health care and the budget deficit : an admission by Utah Republican Sen.
Orrin Hatch that , during the Bush administration , “ it was standard practice not to pay for things . ”
“ Every single Republican opposed the health reform bill when it was voted on on Christmas Eve , and that includes the 24 Republicans who voted for George Bush ’s Medicare prescription - drug expansion in 2003 , ” Maddow said on her show Monday night .
“ Now that expansion in 2003 , unlike the reform bill that ’s being currently debated , added tens of billions of dollars to the deficit .
And this makes for some awkward politics , because many Republicans are citing worries about the deficit as their reason for voting against health reform now . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The host of The Rachel Maddow Show then quoted Sen .
Hatch , who told the Associated Press that , when the Medicare expansion was passed in 2003 , “ it was standard practice not to pay for things . ”
The AP reported :
Some Republicans say they do n’t believe the CBO ’s projections that the health care overhaul will pay for itself .
As for their newfound worries about big government health expansions , they essentially say :
That was then , this is now .
Six years ago , “ it was standard practice not to pay for things , ” said Sen.
Orrin Hatch , R - Utah .
“ We were concerned about it , because it certainly added to the deficit , no question . ”
His 2003 vote has been vindicated , Hatch said , because the prescription drug benefit “ has done a lot of good . ” …
The inconsistency — or hypocrisy , as some call it — has irked Democrats , who claim that their plan will pay for itself with higher taxes and spending cuts and cite the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office for support .
By contrast , when Republicans controlled the House , Senate and White House in 2003 , they overcame Democratic opposition to add a deficit - financed prescription drug benefit to Medicare .
The program will cost a half - trillion dollars over 10 years , or more by some estimates .
“ This is going to make the 2010 campaign so much simpler , ” Maddow quipped .
This video is from MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Dec. 28 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
The agent for Chien - Ming Wang told 1050 ESPN New York 's Andrew Marchand that he has heard from 15 teams , whom are interested in Wang .
The New York Yankees are one of them , but Alan Nero , Wang 's agent , says he has not yet heard from the New York Mets .
Wang became a free agent when the Yankees failed to offer a contract for next season .
Wang met with Dr. James Andrew on Monday and was told he can throw off a mound in 6 - 8 weeks .
Andrews repaired a tear in the right shoulder capsule during arthroscopic surgery on July 29 .
The 29 - year - old right - hander was a 19 - game winner in 2006 and 2007 , starting the Yankees ' postseason openers in both years , but he has n't been the same since severely injuring his right foot while running the bases at Houston on June 15 , 2008 .
Wang missed the final 3 ½ months of the 2008 season , then allowed 23 runs in six innings over three starts when he returned last season .
He went back on the disabled list , then returned in late May to make three relief appearances and six starts before his season was ended by shoulder pain .
Information from The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Cross-Toolkit Software
Virgil Dupras
2009 -12-20
Developing cross-platform software is easy : use cross - platform libraries , and you 're set !
When GUIs are involved , however , things get a little trickier .
Different platforms tend to have different ways of doing things , GUI - wise .
There are libraries that attempt to abstract away these differences to allow developers to build " write once , deploy everywhere " GUI - enabled applications ( Qt , wxWidgets , GTK + , etc. ) , but they always seem to fall short when it comes to the " nativeness " of the look and feel , especially for Mac OS X .
To have a cross- platform GUI - enabled application that looks and feels native on all platforms , one obvious solution is to have a cross - toolkit design .
By " cross - toolkit " , I mean an application that uses more than one toolkit for the different platforms it supports .
For example , my own applications use two toolkits : Cocoa ( through PyObjC ) under Mac OS X , and Qt ( through PyQt ) under Windows .
But going cross - toolkit , although it gives your software nativeness , brings its own share of problems .
When you create a cross - toolkit software , you have to decide what code belongs to the core , and what code belongs to the toolkit - specific code .
If you put too much code in the core , you end up re-writing your own little toolkit wrapper .
Then , you realize you abstracted away too much when a platform 's specificity forces you to either hack around your core design or rethink that design .
If you do n't give your core enough responsibilities , you end up with logic duplication among your different toolkit - specific codebases .
In this article , I 'm going to take a look at three softwares : A single - toolkit - cross - platform software ( OpenOffice ) , a cross - toolkit software with logic duplication in it ( Transmission ) , and then my own attempt a creating a great cross - toolkit software ( moneyGuru ) .
Case Study # 1 : Open Office
I 'm commenting the 3.1.1 release .
Open Office is a single - toolkit application in all its Java - esque glory .
I 've only briefly looked at its gargantuan codebase ( my doctor said it 's hazardous for my health to read Java code ) .
Its toolkit seems to be a re-implementation of AWT .
There 's probably very little logic duplication in that codebase .
However , opening Open Office for the first time on OS X brings you this very foreign - looking wizard window ( a concept already foreign to OS X ) :
If you 're an OS X user , you know what I mean when I say this looks foreign ( it 's mostly because of the " Steps " subsection though ) .
And it does n't get better when you 're finished going through the " Next " clicks :
But the worst is usually not the look , it 's the feel .
Standard keyboard binding not working ( I 'm addicted to Cmd - E and Cmd - G ) , Cmd -Y redos ( C'mon , it 's Cmd - Shift - Z dammit ! ) , foreign corrector , foreign address book , all this stuff .
No wonder why the whole project was forked into NeoOffice , a single - platform project for OS X .
If you care enough to listen to them , most OS X users refer to applications with bad look and feel as " Java applications " , even if they 're not written in Java ( how could they know ?
If they knew their beloved Cyberduck was written in Java ... teehee ! ) .
That 's what you get with " Code once , deploy everywhere " .
Seriously , forget about this motto .
It 's time to go cross - toolkit ( or to stay single - platform ) .
Case Study # 2 : Transmission
I 'm commenting the 1.76 release .
Transmission is a pretty good example of a well engineered , widely used , cross - toolkit codebase .
It has native Cocoa , Qt , Gtk , command - line and web clients , all of this around a C core library .
I have a very shallow knowledge of Transmission codebase and design decisions , but it seems to me that one ( very minor , given the nature of the application ) problem with its design is that the " main control " of the application is entirely given to the client code .
The cross -platform code is more of a library than anything else .
The main advantage of this approach is that the client code has a lot of flexibility as to how it presents the core library 's functionalities to the user ( the command line and web clients are good examples of this ) .
The main downside of this approach , however , is logic duplication .
This duplication not only implies more work to build clients , but also more work to maintain them and and increased likeliness of bugs .
Moreover , since we 're dealing with entirely different toolkits , this duplication is much harder to detect than simple code duplication .
An example of logic duplication is the way torrent file lists ( the " Files " section in the torrent inspector that show what files / folders are contained in the torrent ) are respectively handled by the Qt and Cocoa clients .
For reference , the logic for it is mainly in FileListNode , FileOutlineController and a bit in Torrent : createFileList ( ) on the Cocoa side , and in file - tree and torrent : update ( ) on the Qt side .
Both sides ' GUI want the same thing :
A list of hierarchized items representing files or folders as well as various properties ( Name , Download Progress , Priority ) for each of those items .
The core library only has a list of files with their respective stats .
It 's up to the GUI code to organize those stats and to map them to row / columns .
This is precisely where the logic duplication is .
This organization of files in folders as well as the computation of aggregated stats is something that transcend a platform 's specificity .
Yet , this logic is being duplicated in both the Cocoa codebase and the Qt codebase .
Even if it was specific to " rich GUI " platforms and irrelevant to , for example , command line clients , it 's not a reason not to make a second " cross - rich - toolkit " codebase to put that kind of logic in .
Here 's a tiny example of duplicated logic :
// FileListNode.m:64 - ( void ) insertIndex : ( NSUInteger ) index withSize : ( uint64_t ) size { NSAssert ( fIsFolder , @" method can only be invoked on folders " ) ; [ fIndexes addIndex : index ] ; fSize += size ; }
and then :
// file - tree.cc:94 void FileTreeItem :: getSubtreeSize( uint64_t& have , uint64_t& total ) const { have += myHaveSize ; total += myTotalSize ; foreach ( const FileTreeItem * i , myChildren ) i->getSubtreeSize ( have , total ) ; }
We can see that the logic for summing up folder 's size is duplicated across toolkit - specific codebases .
What 's more disturbing is that the Qt side seems to compute an additional statistic for the folder ( myHaveSize ) that is not computed on the Cocoa side .
This kind of " logic scattering " can potentially make debugging rather complicated ( I could n't figure out where that particular statistic was computed on the Cocoa side ... ) .
As I wrote earlier , I have a shallow knowledge of Transmission 's codebase .
Given the good overall quality of its code , tolerating that duplication I 've been writing about is probably a good decision from its developers .
After all , Transmission 's users have a relatively low interaction with its GUI .
Although my case against this design is weak , I think it 's now possible to see how this kind of design would become problematic when the application requires a more complex interaction with the user through the GUI .
Case Study # 3 : moneyGuru
I 'm commenting the 1.6.8 release .
With dupeGuru and musicGuru ( both cross - toolkit applications ) development under my belt , I knew what kind of problems I 'd have with money Guru if I gave my toolkit - specific codebases too much responsibilities .
Too often , I had bugs created simply because implementing something for the second time is boring ( if you have logic duplication , it means you have to implement a fair part of your new features twice ) .
You do it a little faster the second time around , and boom !
you forget a detail .
Therefore , for money Guru development , I tried to make the toolkit - specific code as dumb as possible .
That is why money Guru is designed so that the core has the " main control " of the application .
Pretty much every controller , when interacted with , refers as directly as possible to the core codebase for instructions , which comes back to them in the forms of callbacks .
Table views and tree views access their data through a thin layer of toolkit specific code which directly fetches it from the core , which already has that data pre formatted into ready - to - present rows .
For example , tables on the Cocoa side have a datasource like this :
// controllers / MGTable .m // " py " is a reference to the controller 's equivalent in the core .
//
Not such a good name , I know ... - ( int)numberOfRowsInTableView:( NSTableView *) tableView { return [ [ self py ] numberOfRows ] ; } - ( id) tableView : ( NSTableView *) tableView objectValueForTableColumn :( NSTableColumn *) column row :( int ) row { return [ [ self py ] valueForColumn : [ column identifier ] row:row ] ; }
The bridge in mg_cocoa transforms those objc-ish calls into python calls :
# py/mg_cocoa ( PyTable ) @objc.signature ( 'i@ :') def numberOfRows ( self ) : return len( self.py ) @objc.signature('@@:@i ') def valueForColumn_row_( self , column , row ) : return getattr( self.py[row ] , column )
With py being a reference to a core.gui.table .
Table instance , whose job is to take model data and create rows and columns with pre-formatted data in it .
On the PyQt side , it looks like this :
# controller.table def _getData ( self , row , column , role ) : if role in ( Qt.DisplayRole , Qt.EditRole ) : return getattr ( row , column.attrname ) return None def data( self , index , role ) : if not index.isValid ( ) : return None row = self.model[index.row ( ) ] column = self .
COLUMNS[index.column ( ) ] return self._getData( row , column , role ) def rowCount ( self , index ) : if index.isValid ( ) : return 0 return len( self.model )
With model being a reference to the same core.gui.table .
Table .
With this design , there 's very few logic duplication for data presenting matters , and it 's still possible to do platform - specific customization by subclassing the base toolkit - specific table .
When the user interacts with the GUI , the toolkit - specific code almost never takes any decision about that interaction .
For example , when the " New Item " button is clicked in money Guru , the Cocoa side directly calls the core 's new_item ( ) method :
// controllers / MGMainWindow.m - ( IBAction ) newItem :( id ) sender { [ py newItem ] ; }
The PyQt side does the same thing :
# controller.main_window def newItemTriggered ( self ) : self.model.new_item ( )
At the core , the core.gui.main_window.MainWindow instance takes all the decisions .
It first determines which view is selected so that it can add the correct type of item :
# gui.main_window def new_item ( self ) : if self.top in ( self.bsheet , self.istatement ) : self.top.add_account ( ) elif self.top in ( self.etable , self.ttable ) : self.top.add ( ) elif self.top is self.sctable : self.scpanel.new ( ) elif self.top is self.btable : self.bpanel.new ( )
If , for example , the " Net Worth " view was selected , a new account will be added by calling self.bsheet.add_account ( ) ( bsheet is a gui.balance_sheet.BalanceSheet ) :
# gui.report def add_account ( self ) : self.view.stop_editing ( ) # [ snip ] determine account type and group based on current selection account = self.document.new_account(account_type , account_group ) self .
selected = self .
find ( lambda n : getattr(n , ' account ' , None ) is account ) self.view.update_selection ( ) self.view.start_editing ( )
This is where things begin to be really interesting .
Notice the calls to self . view .
self.view is a reference to the toolkit - specific equivalent to this core instance .
For example , update_selection ( ) on a table is supposed to take the selection in the core instance ( which we have just set in the line above ) and to correctly reflect that selection in the view .
On the Cocoa side , it looks like this :
// controllers / MGOutline .m - ( void) updateSelection // called in mg_cocoa.PyOutline.update_selection ( ) { [ outlineView updateSelection ] ; } - ( NSIndexPath *) selected IndexPath { return a 2 p ( [ [ self py ] selected Path ] ) ; } // support/ MGOutlineView.m - ( void ) updateSelection { NSIndexPath * selected = [ [ self delegate ] selected IndexPath ] ; [ self selectPath : selected ] ; }
And on the PyQt side :
# controller.account_sheet def _updateViewSelection ( self ) : # Takes the selection on the model 's side and update the view with it .
selected Path = self.model.selected_path if selectedPath is None : return modelIndex = self.findIndex(selectedPath ) self.view.setCurrentIndex(modelIndex ) def update_selection ( self ) : self._updateViewSelection ( )
Even though different toolkits have different ways of handling certain operations , such has start_editing ( ) and update_selection ( ) , the moment at which these operations are made is still a cross - toolkit behavior .
Therefore , it 's possible to eliminate a great deal of GUI - related logic duplication with this application design .
With a design like this , I think it 's possible to have your cake and mostly eat it too .
Yes , it 's still more work than single - toolkit software , but with this design , the price to pay for the nativeness of the software ( and I think this nativeness is well worth the price ) is mostly just counted in terms of extra work , rather than in terms of potentially bug - inducing logic duplication .
NOTE : Much of the credit for money Guru 's design has to go to my brother Eric who worked on money Guru with me in its early development .
Conclusion
The option of doing cross - toolkit development seldom seems seriously considered by developers wanting to do cross-platform development .
For people who did n't even realize it was possible , I hope I 've convinced you that it 's a viable path to take and that it has been taken before .
For people who would think that cross - toolkit development implies too much extra code to maintain , I hope I convinced you that with a good design , it 's possible to minimize the size of that extra code while still giving you the advantage of nativeness on all supported platforms .
The former elected leader of Malaysia , Mahathir Mohamad , spoke openly of Jews this way at an Islamic conference .
Australian journalist
Andrew Bolt
brings us the story , and notes " he expected his views to win support . "
The former premier also blamed Jews for hindering progress in US foreign policy .
Voicing his disappointment that Barack Obama had not yet ended the war in Afghanistan or closed the US terror detention center at Guantanamo , he explained that " there are forces in the United States which prevent the president from doing some things .
One of the forces is the Jewish lobby . "
Jews " had always been a problem in European countries .
They had to be confined to ghettoes and periodically massacred .
But still they remained , they thrived and they held whole governments to ransom , " Mahathir said .
" Even after their massacre by the Nazis of Germany , they survived to continue to be a source of even greater problems for the world . "
When the former prime minister of one of the most economically advanced Muslim - majority countries , Malaysia , feels free to openly endorse , or at least accept as natural and inevitable , Holocausts against Jews , it is fair to posit that such views are common among the world 's billion or so Muslims .
The world watched and did nothing when Nazis moved against the Jews .
History appears to be repeating itself .
This startling news is getting very little play , so far .
Matahir , who also believes in a 9/11 conspiracy theory , ought to be shamed fort hese words , but somehow I suspect that the " human rights " community will remain silent , as will CAIR and the Muslim lobby .
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30
01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30
All models appearing on IhaveSmallTits.com are 18 years or older .
For 2257 related inquiries please contact each gallery site owner individually .
The owners and operators of this Web site are not the primary producers of any of the visual content appearing on IhaveSmallTits.com .
IhaveSmallTits.com has a zero - tolerance policy against illegal pornography .
All content and links are provided by 3rd parties .
We have no control over the content of these pages .
We take no responsibility for the content on any website we link to , please use your own discretion while surfing the links .
Parents please protect your kids from accessing porn by simply using your browser 's surfing preferences .
©
IhaveSmallTits.com 2008-2013 All Rights Reserved .
Designed by Orchid Designs
No part of this website can be copied without our permission !
Webmasters : Trade Traffic
" I , out of an effort to give Congress the ability to do their thing and not step on their toes , probably left too much ambiguity out there , which allowed then opponents of reform to come in and to fill up the airwaves with a lot of nonsense , " Obama told ABC 's Robin Roberts on " Good Morning America . "
Referencing rumors about health care for illegal immigrants , " death panels " or a " government takeover , " he added , " Moving things through Congress is always a messy process .
We 've got five committees with jurisdiction .
That means there are five different bills .
I think the public was n't clear exactly what was what . "
Pressed on his remarks , Obama said that the speech would give " a lot of clarity " but would not offer any details : " I want everybody to tune in . "
The Steve Hildebrand interview with Politico was heavy for this White House to take , and for anyone to think differently , you are wrong on this point .
Hildebrand was probably not the only person upset by what happened in August , but it put clarity and credibility that he put his name on what he felt and was frustrated about .
He was just keeping it honest and being real .
Sometimes in that Washington , D.C. bubble things like this needs to be said for you to wake up to what is really happening out here .
There was no magic plan from this White House , no big time strategy , the White House was just expecting congress to do a job and the President did not give the direction nor leadership in what he expected in a final bill for health care .
He also admits in this statement that not defending very important legislation and leaving it open so the other side will define it , should not have been done .
That was a disastrous decision .
President Obama learned a hard lesson and lost political capital in all of this , but the thing I admire the most about this is that he gets it ; he acknowledged it and believe me he will try his hardest to never let this happen again .
Tonight is about leadership and specifics .
The American Public awaits what President Obama has to say and we are ready to fight along side him , once the orders are given , by him .
President Barack Obama is the President of the United States of America .
He is the leader of the Democratic Party .
And he is going through on the job training right now .
He will make many more mistakes , but I do n't expect him to ever let anything that he believes in so strongly , as heath care reform to get beaten up like this again .
And bipartisanship ?
We can always play that card .
He has learned a lesson on that too .
Play with the ones who will play FAIRLY , if they show any hint of not , SHUT THEM DOWN .
And right now the majority of the minority senate is in the SHUT THEM DOWN group .
They may never get another bite of the apple from this President .
Lastly , on a personal note .
I was a big Obama supporter through the dog days of the primaries , through the general election .
I gained and lost 25 pounds , I lost my beloved Bichon Frise , Hobbes through this , and now I am recovering from abdominal surgery but I kept the faith that this man , Barack Obama would become a fantastic President .
And he will be when the books are written , but it is up to us , the ones who supported him by voting for him to hold his feet to the fire when he is just WRONG .
And I believe , even Obama would admit this .
He is a man , not a God , not Superman , but a man who fucks up on occasion , just as my husband does .
And it is through our voices when bad judgment is made , that we must make the case for him to listen .
President Obama , tonight is the night to kick ass , take names and shut this down on the side of GOOD for health care reform and the public option .
WE anticipate and expect the good fight from you and will be there by your side to close this out .
WORD on all the above .
And I am STILL a big time Obama supporter .
Source and Video here
••
This Week With Barack Obama
As if soccer , wars of incredible length , and the relative worth of wine vs. beer did n't account for enough disagreements between Britain and France , add another spat to the pile : whether or not the G - spot really exists .
A few weeks ago , a team of scientists from King 's College London joined the ongoing scientific fray by publishing a new study on the much - debated female erogenous zone .
It was
the biggest to date , involving 1,800 women - all of whom were pairs of identical or non-identical twins .
If the G - spot did exist , it said , then genetically identical twins would have been expected to both report having one .
However , no such pattern emerged [ The Telegraph ]
.
As a result of the study , coauthor Tim Spector said , the study " shows fairly conclusively that the idea of a G - spot is subjective . "
It did n't take long , however , for this news to reach the French , who are n't about to start taking sex advice from across the channel .
A group of gynecologists there convened their own conference in Paris to denounce this assault on female pleasure .
Surgeon Pierre Foldes told
a " G - Day " conference across La Manche : " The King 's College study shows a lack of respect for what women say .
The conclusions were completely erroneous because they were based solely on genetic observations " [ The Register ]
.
The angry French gynecologists said they 'd found the real problem with their British counterparts : that they 're British .
The King 's College study , they said ,
had fallen victim to an Anglo - Saxon tendency to reduce the mysteries of sexuality to absolutes .
This attempt to set clear parameters on something variable and ambiguous , they said , was characteristic of British scientific attitudes to sex [ The Guardian ]
. Gynecologist Odile Buisson went even further in blaming national sex attitudes for supposedly leading the British researchers astray :
" I do n't want to stigmatise at all but I think the Protestant , liberal , Anglo - Saxon character means you are very pragmatic .
There has to be a cause for everything , a gene for everything , " she said , adding : " I think it 's totalitarian " [ The Guardian ]
.
She also told The Telegraph that the G - spot is real for upwards of 60 percent of women , and that saying anything else is " medical machismo . "
No word yet of the British team responding to this challenge to their study ( and national pride ) .
Related Content : 80 beats : The Woman of Tomorrow : Shorter , Plumper , & More Fertile 80 beats : Are Birth Control Pills Changing the Mating Game ?
80 beats : Scientist Smackdowns DISCOVER : The Science of Great Sex at 80
Image : flickr / takomabibelot
New York Times columnist David Brooks had some wise words this week about the surge in populist politics and anger at the wealthy .
" Voters are capable of holding two ideas in their heads at one time : First , that the rich and the powerful do rig the game in their own favor ; and second , that simply bashing the rich and the powerful will still not solve the country 's problems . "
Punishing the wealthy , he adds , " wo n't produce a better - educated work force , more investment , more innovation or any of the other things required for ...
After more than a decade of declining teenage pregnancy , the pregnancy rate among girls ages 15 to 19 increased 3 percent from 2005 to 2006  a turnaround likely to intensify the debate over federal financing for abstinence - only sex education .
The teenage abortion rate also crept up for the first time in more than a decade , rising 1 percent from 2005 to 2006 , according to an analysis by the Guttmacher Institute , a nonpartisan nonprofit research group .
“ It ’s very disturbing , ” said Sarah Brown , of the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy .
“ We had over a decade of progress on a very serious problem , and I worry that we ’ve ground to a halt .
I think there are a lot of different factors at play , from less use of contraception , maybe because of less fear of AIDS , to our anything - goes culture , where it ’s O.K. to get pregnant and have a baby in your teens . ”
While teenage pregnancy rates for whites remain far lower than for blacks and Hispanics , the pregnancy rates increased for all three groups .
The authors write that one of Mrs. Clinton ’s “ senior - most lieutenants ” watched her “ bitter and befuddled reaction ” to her loss in Iowa , and thought for the first time , “ This woman should n’t be president . ”
They write that during debate preps , some staff members assigned to Sarah Palin by the McCain campaign discussed the “ threatening possibility : that Palin was mentally unstable . ”
They add that several of Senator John McCain ’s lieutenants agreed that if it looked as if their candidate might actually win in November , they would have to discuss how to relegate Ms. Palin “ to the largely ceremonial role that premodern vice presidents inhabited ” : “ it was inconceivable ” that “ if McCain fell ill or died , the country be left in the hands of a President Palin . ”
Image Hillary Rodham Clinton , on the campaign trail in 2008 .
Credit ... Damon Winter / The New York Times
In addition Mr. Heilemann , who works for New York magazine , and Mr. Halperin , for Time magazine , write that Mrs. Clinton , encouraged by her husband and aides , considered running for president in 2004 but ended up listening to her daughter , Chelsea , who argued that she needed to finish her Senate term .
They write that Mr. Clinton and George W. Bush “ spoke more often than almost anyone knew ”  that “ from time to time , when 43 was bored , he would call 42 to chew the fat . ”
And they assert that Mrs. Clinton blew an opportunity to win the endorsement of Caroline Kennedy , who , they say , had been “ dreading a call from Hillary ” asking her to go to Iowa on her behalf , knowing , the authors write , that “ once she had campaigned for Clinton , siding with Obama would be off the table . ”
Instead of making the call herself , Mrs. Clinton had one of her staffers phone Ms. Kennedy , who ducked the call .
In another passage , which was widely reported over the weekend , Mr. Halperin and Mr. Heilemann write that the Senate majority leader , Harry Reid of Nevada , encouraged Mr. Obama to run early on , arguing that “ the country was ready to embrace a black presidential candidate , especially one such as Obama  a ‘ light - skinned ’ African American ‘ with no Negro dialect , unless he wanted to have one . ’ ” Over the weekend Mr. Reid called the president to apologize for his choice of words .
Other senators , including Charles E. Schumer , Byron L. Dorgan , Ben Nelson , Bill Nelson , Barbara Boxer and Edward M. Kennedy , the authors add , were also nudging Mr. Obama , then a senator , to take the plunge , though most would “ root for Obama secretly , ” as they feared retribution from the Clintons should Mrs. Clinton eventually prevail .
Mrs. Clinton , long the front - runner in the race , was so confident of winning , Mr. Heilemann and Mr. Halperin write , that she went so far as to start thinking about her choice of a running mate in fall 2007 : she “ had already determined without a sliver of doubt that she was not going to choose Obama , ” they say , and told her aides that Evan Bayh , Joseph R. Biden Jr. , Tom Vilsack and Ted Strickland were at the top of her short list .
Around the same time , they write , Mrs. Clinton asked her friend Roger Altman , deputy Treasury secretary in her husband ’s administration , to lead a secret project  planning her transition to the White House based on the assumption that a year later she would win the general election .
Mr. Heilemann wrote incisively about Mrs. Clinton in the pages of New York magazine  chunks of his reportage and analysis , taken directly from his articles , appear in this book  and there is more revealing material about her and Mr. Clinton in this volume than the other candidates and their wives .
The authors not only dissect the dysfunctional , conflict - ridden Clinton campaign  something that has already been done in detail by many other reporters  but they also emphasize that communication difficulties between the Clintons exacerbated that campaign ’s problems .
By 2080 , anyone with a direct interest in learning how Dr. David Kelly died , will themselves be dead .
That ’s how an Oxford coroner reacted to a recent ruling ordering the details of the former United Nations weapons inspector ’s death locked away for 70 years , according to a Mail Online report .
Kelly ’s story , however , was gravely important in 2003 , just before he was found dead in the woods behind his home in Oxfordshire , U.K .
As the BBC revealed in the wake of his passing , he had been the key source behind a story claiming intelligence on Iraq ’s alleged weapons of mass destruction was “ sexed up . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Hours before his death , he reportedly e-mailed New York Times reporter Judith Miller , warning her of “ many dark actors playing games , ” according to the BBC .
Lord Hutton , the British judge who led the state ’s investigation into Kelly ’s death , also ordered his written records pertaining to the case sealed for 30 years , according to UK ’s Morning Star Online .
The report added that Hutton ’s inquiry “ concluded that Dr Kelly had killed himself by cutting an artery in his wrist .
But the finding has been challenged by doctors who claim that the weapons inspector ’s stated injuries were not serious enough to have killed him . ”
A paramedic who responded to the scene was quoted by The Guardian , saying : “ There just was n’t a lot of blood …
When somebody cuts an artery , whether accidentally or intentionally , the blood pumps everywhere .
I just think it is incredibly unlikely that he died from the wrist wound we saw . ”
The claims eventually led a group of six doctors to bring formal demands for an investigation into Kelly ’s death .
An initial inquiry was headed up by the British Ministry of Defense .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ [ Just ] how far were the Blair / Bush administrations willing to go in order to fabricate a reason for the Iraq war ? ” asked RAW STORY ’s Investigative News Editor Larisa Alexandrovna in a post to her blog , At Largely .
“ The Bush administration was at the very least willing to out a covert CIA officer , committing treason in the process .
What was Tony Blair willing to do ? ”
Sadly , with the court ’s inquiry ended , the questions seem doomed to persist .
This little girl can type 119 wpm .
It 's not just a skill , it 's a hobby .
She started playing on the computer at age 4 and spends her weekends typing .
Her goal right now ?
" I 'd like to get to at least 200 ( wpm ) . "
While this may sound strange , I can understand the allure of the type test — when I was in middle school , I used to procrastinate from studying by taking type tests on my super old Apple machine .
It 's really not that different from any other addictive game — most of us now associate it with work , but back then I was constantly trying to beat myself in speed and accuracy .
By the way , if you 're curious to know how fast you 're typing , you can take a one - minute typing test here .
[ via Mashable ]
Is Japan the Correct Analogy ?
Yesterday ’s Financial Times featured an analysis by Lindsay Whipp titled “ A gloomy anniversary for the Nikkei . ”
Most investors already know the punchline :
The Nikkei , Japan ’s primary stock market index , reached a peak of 39,000 twenty years ago .
Today , the index hovers in the mid-10,000s , almost three quarters below its peak .
Given the United States ’ similar issues with high levels of debt , stock market ( over ) valuation , as well as similar monetary and fiscal responses to “ fix ” the initial credit crisis , investors in US equities should ask the question , is Japan the correct analogy ?
Unfortunately , in many ways Japan does appear to be a reasonable corollary .
Post World War II , from 1950 - 1970 , Japan ’s GDP grew at a real rate of 8.4 % annually on a per-capita basis .
It slowed to a still stellar 4.1 % rate from 1970 - 1990 .
Then , the bubble burst and from 1990 - 2004 Japan ’s economy grew at an average rate of 1 % .
The Japanese market ’s slow bleed has led to a - 6.4 % annualized return over this period .
What happened ?
Similar to what we just experienced in the US , the late 1980s in Japan saw monetary inflation that led to tremendous asset price inflation in both residential real estate and equity markets .
The government reaction after the bubble burst was very similar to the US government ’s reaction to date .
The Japanese government propped up insolvent banks and built bridges to nowhere .
It redistributed existing wealth rather than allowing creative destruction to work its magic by purging excess and encouraging new development .
While Japan did use monetary policy to combat deflation , it was far less aggressive than the US has been to date and a period of mild price deflation has persisted .
The economic ramification of the analogy are clearly quite negative , but there are several additional insights investors might find useful :
Valuation matters .
Despite very poor overall stock market returns for the period of - 6.4 % , our friends at the Applied Finance Group demonstrate here ( slide 15 ) that investors who purchased the “ cheapest ” quintile of stocks each year were able to achieve a 6 % positive return thus beating the “ market ” by over 12 % annually .
Overvaluation , leverage , and excessive government intervention lead to volatility .
Volatility creates opportunities as the following graph shows with the Japanese market experiencing 5 sell - offs of greater than 30 % and 4 rallies of greater than 30 % over the twenty year period .
Unlike Japan , the US Federal Reserve has an incentive - caused bias to inflate .
One might conclude that Japan got mild deflation because that is exactly what they wanted .
Japan is a nation of net - savers , while the US is the largest debtor nation .
Savers loath inflation because the value of their bond coupons become less and less valuable .
Debtors love inflation because the value of their debt is less and less .
( Now , before one concludes that the Fed ’s aggressive monetary policy will be our saving grace , it is important to remember that real growth is all that matters from the standpoint of wealth and improved living standards and all that inflation achieves is nominal growth with the very negative side - effect of mal - investment . )
In conclusion , we think that while not a perfect analogy ( owing to distinct demographic , immigration , and consumer behaviors to name just a few differences ) , the last twenty years in Japan provide a very useful template to inform current investment decisions in US markets .
We believe a process that is oriented toward value investing , displays the patience to wait for the market to present opportunities , and is mindful of the damaging impact of an unstable currency has the potential to offer both positive absolute and relative returns in even these very challenging conditions .
Tempted by Google 's new Nexus
One phone but having second thoughts ?
If you 're going to break your two - year contract on the subsidized model , make sure you do it in one of two ways : within 14 days of acquiring the phone or after four months of phone usage .
Canceling at any point between 14 days and 120 days subjects you to a set of terrific fees , payable both to Google and T - Mobile .
And these go far beyond just paying back the device subsidy .
The fine print
You 'll need to read the fine print to figure this out — or , to be more accurate , you 'll need to read two sets of fine print .
The first covers the sale of the phone from Google .
In this terms of sale document , Google makes clear that " you agree to pay Google an equipment subsidy recovery fee ( the ' Equipment Recovery Fee ' ) equal to the difference between the full price of the Nexus handheld device without service plan and the price you paid for the Nexus handheld device if you cancel your wireless plan prior to 120 days of continuous wireless service . "
This Equipment Recovery
Fee will run US users $ 350 under the currently available T - Mobile subsidy plan , and Google will charge it to the credit card used during the device purchase .
Well , fair enough ; if a phone is subsidized by a two - year service contract , one could argue that it 's only right to pay back the remaining subsidy when you cancel .
But Google goes on to note that " the Equipment Recovery Fee is imposed by Google and not your chosen carrier and is in addition to any early termination fees that may be charged by your chosen carrier in connection with termination of your wireless plan prior to fulfillment of your chosen carrier 's service agreement term . "
It also stresses that this fee is not a " penalty . "
A look at T - Mobile 's terms and conditions makes clear that you 'll be paying a hefty second fee if you cancel within those first four months ( helpfully in all caps for extra emphasis ) .
THE EARLY TERMINATION FEE IS : $ 200 IF YOU TERMINATE WITH MORE THAN 180 DAYS REMAINING ON YOUR TERM ; $ 100 IF YOU TERMINATE WITH 91 TO 180 DAYS REMAINING ON YOUR TERM ; $ 50 IF YOU TERMINATE WITH 31 TO 91 DAYS REMAINING ON YOUR TERM ; AND THE LESSER OF $ 50 OR YOUR MONTHLY RECURRING CHARGES ( including any applicable taxes and fees ) IF YOU TERMINATE IN THE LAST 30 DAYS OF YOUR TERM .
The Early Termination
Fee is part of our rates and is not a penalty .
Bottom line : canceling the contract in the first four months leads to $ 550 in charges ( do n't call them penalties ! ) , on top of the $ 179 paid for the phone itself .
After four months , only the T - Mobile fee applies .
The benefits of being European
There is another way out of the contract .
T - Mobile allows for a no - fee contract break within the first 14 days of service , and Google agrees not to charge its Equipment Recovery Fee within those same 14 days .
Google will charge a $ 45 restocking / refurbishing fee , however , unless you live in Europe .
Thanks to consumer protection laws allowing people a few days to escape certain contracts without penalty , " residents of the EU will not be charged the $ 45 USD restocking / refurbishing fee when cancelling these Terms within the fourteen - day period and will be refunded the shipping fees paid for initial delivery of the Device . "
One a buyer hits the 15th day , however , the fees increase from $ 45 to $ 550 , so it pays to make a quick decision if you 're on the fence about your new phone .
Standard operating procedure
Paying fees to Google and to T - Mobile , fees that far exceed the device subsidy , seems rather odd , so we checked in with Google for comment .
A spokesperson tells
Ars that recouping the full subsidy is " standard practice for third - party resellers of T - Mobile and other operators , and you will find similar policies for other mobile service resellers . "
As for T - Mobile 's decision to levy another $ 200 on top of the subsidy , we would have to consult them .
( Which we did ; we received no response . )
A fee magnet ... for four months
The situation might just be a private matter between a Nexus One buyer , her pocketbook , Google , and T - Mobile ... except for the fact that the Federal Communications Commission has taken a recent interest in early termination fees ( ETFs ) for cell phones .
Back in December , the FCC dashed off a letter to Verizon , asking why the company was doubling some of its ETFs to $ 350 .
The agency was especially troubled to find that , with one month left on a two - year contract , a subscriber who canceled service would still owe a $ 120 ETF .
Reading between the lines , the FCC is fine with ETFs as long as they simply cover the remaining subsidy ; when they exceed the prorated subsidy amount , however , regulators are now taking a closer look .
The issue has also raised hackles in Congress , where Senator Amy Klobuchar ( D - MN ) has railed against Verizon 's ETF increases and introduced the Cell Phone Consumer Empowerment Act .
In addition , huge class - action lawsuits over ETFs have proliferated in the last several years over perceived unfairness in their application .
Many mobile operators , for instance , used to apply a full ETF across the entire life of the contract — cancel with only a day left and you would still pay the entire fee .
That practice has largely ended thanks to regulatory scrutiny and lawsuits .
In May 2009 , T - Mobile agreed to pay $ 11 million to end a lawsuit over flat rate ETFs .
Sprint agreed to settle for $ 14 million over the same issue .
In such a climate , introducing a hot new phone with a set of combined fees that can actually be more expensive than the unsubsidized device itself might seem to be a risky move , coming only weeks after the FCC went after Verizon on a similar issue .
But if there 's one thing you can say about Google , it 's that the company is not afraid to wade into controversy .
This is the company , after all , that started scanning millions of in - copyright books , that bought YouTube at a time when the site was an obvious lawsuit magnet ( and now faces a $ 1 billion court case ) , and that introduced the Nexus One just at the right moment to sap momentum from Verizon 's Android - using Droid phone .
ETFs are probably the least of its worries .
But the FCC is watching the industry , as is media reform group Free Press .
The group 's policy counsel , Chris Riley , tells Ars , " While we are glad the Nexus One is being sold unlocked , excessive early termination fees like the reported double penalty still harm consumers and competition .
Google , like any other company , should not punish its customers , and the FCC must step up to protect consumers from unfair penalty fees . "
ARLES , France  Dredged up from the murky depths of the Rhône River , beneath a heap of wrecked cars , rotting tires and more than 20 centuries of silt , the statue ’s white marble visage was plain as day .
“ My God , it ’s Caesar ! ” Luc Long remembers shouting after his team of archaeologists and divers discovered the statue in 2007 .
The Roman appears with little hair , a wrinkled forehead , a prominent Adam ’s apple and features that , for Mr. Long , “ seem carved in human flesh . ”
But Mr. Long did not realize at the time that he had discovered what he said was “ the first portrait made of Caesar when he was alive . ”
The bust , which France ’s Culture Ministry now dates from 46 B.C. , is thought to be the only known surviving statue of Julius Caesar carved during his lifetime .
Historians say images of a contemporaneous Caesar are rare  they are generally idealized versions , produced after his assassination two years later , in 44 B.C.  so the sudden news of the bust ’s emergence led some of them to question its authenticity .
legs
' that '
booty
cow image by cow image by ewanr
Yes , this may sound like strange advice from someone who fully advocates using your irresistible screenwriter allure to sleep your way to the top , but people , have some self respect !
Please !
In dating and in business , a savvy screenwriter knows when to put out and when to hold back .
So believe me when I say , stop whoring yourself all over town !
Yes , the point is to get yourself out there and bag a honey and / or script sale , but nobody wants to marry sloppy seconds .
Sure , you can spread yourqueries to every Tom , Dick and Harry with a listed contact , but do you really want to be known aswriter ?
You may bag somereads , but do you really think your phone will be ringing off the hook the next day ?
No one wants to marry someone who has been all over town twice , and that goes double for making a script sale .
Your body is like a temple , and so is your script .
If you want someone to worship it ...
Well , it 's like that strange free milk from a cow saying .
The point is , if you offer your udders to everyone , soon no one will want to milk you .
Show some class and have the common sense to do your research before making contact , and make sure they 're buying what you 're selling , or at least find out their name first .
If you do n't , you look like an idiot and a cheap whore , and you make it harder for the rest of the planet to be taken seriously .
The Hollywood Creative Directory is a tool to be used wisely , not the scriptwriter 's little black book of late night drunken booty possibilities .
Do n't abuse it .
If that 's your thing , do the rest of us a favor and stick to those classy ads on Craig 's List .
Do n't be the screenwriter version of a dumb blond joke .
Put yourself out there yes , but do n't embarrass yourself in the process .
Have some self - respect .** A big shout out to my writing brother Ryan who knows how to put himself out there with class .
A huge congrats for nailing two awesome pitches .
What do the authors of the children 's book ' Brown Bear , Brown Bear , What Do You See ? ' and a 2008 book called ' Ethical Marxism : The Categorical Imperative of Liberation ' have in common ?
Both are named Bill Martin and , for now , neither is being added to Texas schoolbooks .
In its haste to sort out the state 's social studies curriculum standards this month , the State Board of Education tossed children 's author Martin , who died in 2004 , from a proposal for the third - grade section .
Board member Pat Hardy , R - Weatherford , who made the motion , cited books he had written for adults that contain " very strong critiques of capitalism and the American system .
" Trouble is , the Bill Martin Jr. who wrote the Brown Bear series never wrote anything political , unless you count a book that taught kids how to say the Pledge of Allegiance , his friends said .
The book on Marxism was written by Bill Martin , a philosophy professor at DePaul University in Chicago .
Bill Martin Jr.'s name would have been included on a list with author Laura Ingalls Wilder and artist Carmen Lomas Garza as examples of individuals who would be studied for their cultural contributions .
Hardy said she was trusting the research of another board member , Terri Leo , R - Spring , when she made her motion and comments about Martin 's writing .
Leo had sent her an e-mail alerting her to Bill Martin Jr. 's listing on the Borders .com Web site as the author of Ethical Marxism .
Leo 's note also said she had n't read the book .
" She said that that was what he wrote , and I said : ' ...
It 's a good enough reason for me to get rid of someone , ' " said Hardy , who has complained vehemently about the volume of names being added to the curriculum standards .
In an e-mail exchange , Leo said she planned to make a motion to replace Bill Martin and sent Hardy a list of possible alternatives .
Hardy said she thought she was doing what Leo wanted when she made the motion .
Leo , however , said she was n't asking Hardy to make any motions .
She said she did n't do any " research . "
" Since I did n't check it out , I was n't about to make the motion , " Leo said , adding that she never meant for her " FYI " e-mail to Hardy to be spoken about in a public forum .
Hardy said that her interest was in paring down that list and she did n't mean to offend anyone .
For some , however , the mix - up is an indicator of a larger problem with the way the elected board members have approached the update of state curriculum standards .
Board members will take up social studies standards again in March .
They plan a final vote on updates in May .
Hardy 's motion is " a new low in terms of the group that 's supposed to represent education having such faulty research and making such a false leap without substantiating what they 're doing , " said Michael Sampson , Martin 's co-author on 30 children 's books .
The social studies standards update , which started last spring when groups of educators met to suggest revisions , has brought criticism from the right and the left about politicizing the process .
As trustees worked their way through a draft this month , political ideas like imperialism , communism and free enterprise were at the heart of some of the changes .
Traci Shurley , Fort Worth Star - Telegram
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
The attorney general for Washington D.C. has filed a lawsuit against an AT&T Inc T.N unit , seeking to recover consumers ' unused balances on prepaid calling cards .
The suit claims that AT&T should turn over unused balances on the calling cards of consumers whose last known address was in Washington , D.C. and have not used the calling card for three years .
“ AT&T ’s prepaid calling cards must be treated as unclaimed property under district law , ” the attorney general ’s office said in a statement .
According to the attorney general ’s office , that sum , known in the industry as “ breakage , ” represents some 5 to 20 percent of the total balances purchased by consumers who use the calling cards .
States and municipalities have often similarly used unclaimed property laws , known as escheat laws , to claim ownership of unused retail gift card balances .
A spokesman for AT&T declined to comment on the lawsuit .
The case is : District of Columbia vs. AT&T Corp , Superior Court of the District of Columbia .
By James Morgan
BBC News
Red Cross workers load aid parcels for Haiti earthquake victims
An appeal to help victims of the Haiti earthquake is breaking all records , fuelled by the power of social media .
Type " Haiti " into Twitter , Facebook or Youtube and you soon encounter a message from @redcross sent at 05:38 GMT on Jan 13 .
In less than 48 hours , the American Red Cross had received more than $ 35 m in donations - including $ 8 m directly from texts .
" This breaks all world records for a mobile giving campaign , " says their spokeswoman , Gloria Huang .
" It 's been incredible .
People have donated more to Haiti than to Hurricane Katrina or the tsunami in Asia .
" And Twitter has played an extremely significant part . "
Mass mobilisation
In the race to fundraise , social network sites have given aid agencies the power to bypass TV and radio and appeal directly to the public .
The Haitian musician Wyclef Jean , for example , has raised $ 1 m for earthquake victims through his Yele Haiti foundation , after appealing for help through Twitter .
We tweeted ... celebrities re-tweeted ... and after that , the appeal spread like wildfire
Wendy Harman , American Red Cross
In the immediate aftermath of the earthquake , he tweeted , asking for donations through his foundation .
His 1.3 million followers answered his call - and passed on his appeal with a message : " Spread the word " .
Meanwhile on Facebook , hundreds of thousands of people signed up to awareness groups , such as Earthquake Haiti , which offers a link to Oxfam 's Haiti relief fund .
On Youtube , the video sharing site , bloggers began posting their own personal appeals , calling for donations .
So , how was this mass mobilisation achieved ?
After all , the American Red Cross had only a modest number of followers on Twitter when their appeal was launched .
Their trick was to alert popular celebrities - and let their fans on Twitter do the rest .
" Our plan worked exactly like it was supposed to , " says Wendy Harman , social media manager , at the American Red Cross .
My worry was - are people just re-tweeting ?
Or are they actually donating ?
Wendy Harman American Red Cross
" We have a ' cabinet ' of 30 celebrities , who have agreed to ask their Twitter followers to spread the word .
" Within three hours of the earthquake , we had our text number ready .
" We tweeted .
The celebrities re-tweeted .
And then others quickly followed .
People like Michelle Obama , Jane Seymour and Craig Newmark ( of Craigslist ) got on board .
And after that , the appeal spread like wildfire . "
Trending topic
Twitter users across the globe began using the RT ( re - tweet ) function to pass the message on to their friends and followers .
Within hours , the number for the text appeal : " 90999 " was ranked among Twitter 's top 10 " trending topics " - which in turn drove more and more people to donate and spread the word .
Wyclef Jean raised $ 1 m through his Yele Hait Foundation appeal " We hit that magical viral sweet spot , " says Ms Harman .
" Everybody out there seems to know that if you text 90999 you donate $ 10 to the Haiti appeal .
" My worry was - are people just re-tweeting ?
Or are they actually donating ?
It soon became clear that they really were texting and calling . "
Using an online map tool , hosted by Mgive.com , she and her colleagues were able to watch as donations flooded in from every US state .
They did not even have to re-send their appeal .
The online community were busy spreading the word for them .
" People have been sceptical over the power of the RT ( re - tweet ) and of Twitter generally , " says Ms Harman .
" For example , during the Iran election there was a viral campaign to change your avatar colour to green .
" But this time , people seemed to be saying : ' Let 's not do anything cute - let 's just donate ' .
" I think we have crossed the threshold of novelty with Twitter .
People now want to use it to get something good done . "
Promises promises
But of course , as with any appeal for charity , people 's good will can easily be exploited .
The avalanche of tweets , emails and Facebook groups urging web users to donate carries with it an opportunity for internet fraudsters to profit .
Any money sent using the instructions in this email would end up in the pockets of a cyber criminal
Con Mallon , Symantec
Would - be donors have stumbled on some suspicious websites .
On Facebook , a group has been founded with a pledge to donate $ 1 for every person who joins .
The group has gathered more than 500,000 members .
But since it has no administrators , it is not clear who , if anyone , will actually donate the promised money .
Meanwhile , the security firm Symantec alerted web users to an email scam , soliciting donations for Haiti victims , which purports to come from the British Red Cross ( BRC ) .
" The scammers have used the correct postal address , but the BRC does not use Western Union for donations , " said Con Mallon , a Symantec spokesman .
" Also , the email address supplied as a contact is not one belonging to the BRC and any money sent using the instructions in this email would end up in the pockets of a cyber criminal . "
This " appeal " email was identified as a scam by Symantec security firm
The US Federal Bureau of Investigation issued a warning on Wednesday calling on internet users " to apply a critical eye and do their due diligence " before responding to online requests for aid to Haiti .
" Make contributions directly to known organisations rather than relying on others to make the donation on your behalf to ensure contributions are received and used for intended purposes , " the FBI said in its advisory .
Amid the mass of appeals for help sent round on Twitter , even some very expert Tweeters have fallen victim to rumour and misinformation .
Jennifer Preston , social media editor of the New York Times , passed on a tweet to her followers , stating : " American Airlines is taking doctors and nurses to # Haiti for free .
Please call 212-697-9767 .
Spread the word " .
However , not long afterwards , she sent her fans a follow up message .
" We are now hearing that it might not be true ... " she tweeted .
" LESSON LEARNED : do not RT offers to help ... unless you confirm . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Just as financiers make pilgrimages to Omaha to hear Warren Buffett and aspiring Jedi knights travel to the ends of the galaxy to hang upside down in front of Yoda , screenwriters , with dreams of summer blockbusters dancing in their heads , periodically make the voyage to the seminars of Robert McKee .
He has trained scores of Oscar and Emmy winners ; his how - to best - seller , Story , is an essential part of most Hollywood bookshelves ; and he ’s perhaps most famous for being portrayed by Brian Cox in Charlie Kaufman ’s Adaptation .
So when he barks out , “ You ca n’t work in this business without reading my book , ” his audience has good reason to believe him .
This year I am among them .
In the process of working on a book about the history of the modern horror film , adapted from a story I wrote for Vanity Fair last year , I ’ve talked to most of the great horror directors of the 60s and 70s .
That led to an interest in writing my own scary movie .
So , a few weeks ago , I file into a room on the 18th floor of a hotel across the street from Madison Square Garden at around eight a .m. along with about 100 lumpy , underdressed fellow writers to participate in McKee ’s one - day seminar on how to write a thriller .
I entered the course genuinely hoping to learn about screenwriting , but also , as a critic — and a specialist of horror movies — with a professional interest in McKee ’s theories about genre and narrative .
By the end of the day , I had learned some valuable lessons about show business , the art of persuasion , and the tricky relationship between truth and fiction .
I ’d also learned that Robert McKee often has no idea what he ’s talking about .
Some people believe that no course can teach you how to write a screenplay , that it just comes out of you , but in my opinion that ’s not true .
A good teacher can really help writers , and McKee surely has had some success .
He ’s been criticized for turning the creative process into a series of rules , but this misses the real problem with his course , namely that the rules themselves are often banal and arbitrary .
The emperor here is not naked , but he is showing some skin through his loosely tied robe , and when the subject turns to horror , the silky - smooth garment collapses around his ankles .
McKee introduces himself like a tough guy out of a David Mamet play .
No questions designed to impress me , please , and do not engage me in conversation .
By contrast , his character in Adaptation , who shared his name and theatrical bluster , took Charlie Kaufman ( as played by Nicolas Cage ) for a drink .
But this is the real world , folks .
Deal with it .
Then he lays down the law .
The first cell phone to go off will cost its owner $ 10 .
If it rings again , you are gone .
“ I learned how to run a seminar from Joseph Stalin , ” he says with a deadpan glare .
McKee teaches that a protagonist must be a willful character , and on that count , McKee certainly qualifies .
But our hero quickly runs into trouble when he asks the crowd who has traveled the farthest to see him .
“ Japan ! ” shouts someone from the front row .
McKee looks surprised , but not too surprised .
As with seemingly everything in his opening act , this exchange leads to more stern words , in this case about the impossibility of doing business with the Japanese .
He rants that his book , Story , has been translated into 20 languages , but not Japanese .
He asks , “ Did you know that there is no word in Japanese for ‘ yes ’ ? ”
A fight is brewing in The Big Easy and it ’s not looking good for the home team .
If you ’re a fan of the NFL , you already know that the New Orleans Saints are playing in the big game next week .
You might also know about the Who Dat nation of fans .
What you might not know is that the NFL is claiming to own the phrase , “ Who Dat ” .
They are sending cease - and - desist letters to printers across Louisiana ordering them to stop using it ’s trademarks , which include :
The phrase , “ Who Dat ”
The colors black and gold
The Fleur de Lis
It seems that they are going after sellers that are using a combination of at least 2 of the above items .
Even more at risk is if you are selling shirts with the “ Who Dat ” phrase on it within 50 miles of the Superdome , expect a letter .
Consider this :
The Fleur - de - lis has been a symbol of NoLa since it was occupied by the French .
Who Dat traces its origins to minstrel shows of the late 1800’s
Black and Gold is , well , Black and Gold .
The New Orleans Saints has been around since 1969
It ’s obvious that the reason we see these letters going out is because the team is winning and the potential for apparel sales is skyrocketing , I ca n’t blame the NFL for wanting to protect it ’s financial interests and discourage imitatators , but does that give them the right to try to take out anyone that uses elements of what they consider a trademark , even if you can show that those elements were used before the team was popular , or even in existence ?
Can you claim colors and already popular elements as a trademark simply because you are currently the most popular entity using them ?
I ’m not a trademark attorney , so I ’ll have to let the courts decide that one .
It ’s common in the shirt - o - sphere to find a design that skirts the line between using “ original ” and “ borrowed ” elements .
Most designs tend to be a derivative of some other design somewhere and when I look at a shirt , I find myself thinking , “ Oh , so and so did that already . ”
Does that give so and so the right to stop the next person from incorporating the same elements into their designs ?
Not necessarily
With the volume of artists out there , it ’s hard to be original solely on the merits of the elements of a design , some of which may contain common items .
You have to add your own personal touches that usually include colors , image tweaks , and even placements .
Once certain nuances become recognized , that becomes the identity of that artist and any specific derivations should be discouraged .
We ’ve all seen designs with wings on them .
Imagine if a Mega Retailer sent letters to all designers that use wings in their designs ordering them to cease - and desist on the basis that they were the most popular seller and had the right to protect their interests .
The NFL has a right to stop sellers selling apparel using specific combinations that compete with what the league is selling , but trying to stop a 120 + year old phrase ?
Who Dat !
wwltv via Deadspin
###
If you would like your site or shirt featured on PopCultureTees.com , send us an email and let us know .
( CNN ) --
In the wake of his decision to devalue Venezuela 's currency , President Hugo Chavez on Sunday said he would put the military on the streets to ensure that business owners do n't raise prices .
Speaking on his weekly television program , " Alo Presidente , " Chavez railed against merchants who re-price their items in reaction to Friday 's announcement that the Venezuelan bolivar currency , which had been fixed at 2.15 to the U.S. dollar since 2005 , was devalued to 4.3 to the dollar .
For food and medicine , Chavez announced a second fixed exchange rate for these " necessity " goods at 2.6 bolivares to the dollar .
" I want the national guard in the streets , with the people , to fight speculation , " Chavez said , calling re-pricing a form of robbery .
A devaluation makes foreign products relatively more expensive for domestic consumers , discouraging imports .
Chavez showed a photograph in a newspaper of consumers in long lines over the weekend to buy goods , fearing that the sharp devaluation could result in higher prices .
The president blamed such lines on " teleterror , " saying that opposition media outlets were fueling a panic .
" At this moment , there is absolutely no reason for anyone to raise the prices of anything , " Chavez said .
He encouraged people to publicly denounce businesses where prices increase and threatened to expropriate businesses that do .
The government would transfer ownership of such businesses to the workers , Chavez said .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) --
The domestic refining industry got a little smaller Friday .
For the second time in less than a month , a major U.S. independent petroleum refiner announced it is shuttering a plant .
This time , it 's Valero Energy Corp.
VLO , - 0.20 % , and the facility is its 192,000 barrel - per - day plant in Delaware .
Read about the Valero refinery shutdown .
Last month , it was Sunoco Inc. , SUN , - 1.89 % , closing its Eagle Point refinery in nearby New Jersey .
There are solid economic reasons for the closures .
Refining and marketing , the " downstream " end of the business , are under pressure .
Crude prices have doubled from their lows of the year and fuel demand is down .
That spells higher costs , weaker pricing and slimmer profit margins .
But whatever happened to the impassioned call for more domestic refineries ?
Can gasoline , diesel and heating - oil prices suddenly shrug off disruptions in the supply chain ?
Well , yes and no .
The latest hand - wringing over refinery capacity came in 2005 , when Hurricane Katrina clobbered the Gulf Coast , triggering huge price spikes at the pump and sending profit margins to the moon for those refiners unscathed by the storm .
Meanwhile , biofuels , hybrid cars and a deep economic recession have cut into demand .
Fuel inventories have risen steadily , especially in the Northeast , protecting consumers from any sudden kinks in the supply chain .
So what happens when the economy picks up again ?
By shutting existing facilities , is the industry sewing the seeds of the next price spike ?
Possibly .
Yet this is merely extending a trend that began developing decades ago .
Rampant consolidation in the industry , efficiency of scale and ever - stricter emission standards demanded new technology and bigger investments , squeezing out most of the small regional refiners .
That does n't mean capacity has n't grown ; it has .
Between January 1993 and January 2009 , operable U.S. refining capacity rose 17 % , according to the federal Energy Information Administration .
But it has n't kept up with demand .
To close the gap , U.S. petroleum - product imports surged 93 % over the same 16 - year period , and are set to play an ever bigger role in satisfying Americans ' thirst for fuel .
This is n't an obvious problem when demand is weak .
But it 's bound to backfire when the economy picks up , leaving independent refiners again at the mercy of rising oil prices and also of heightened competition from state - of - the - art refineries being built overseas , to serve the fast - growing energy markets of Asia and the Middle East .
That 's where Big Oil is making its big " downstream " investments .
-- Jim Jelter , corporates editor
CBS wants to keep one team from scoring on Super Bowl Sunday .
The network refuses to say if it will allow an ad for a gay men ’s dating service to air the day of the big game , Feb. 7 , despite the fact that its content is no more racy than nearly any beer commercial not starring the Budweiser Clydesdales .
In the ad for ManCrunch.com , two men watching the game reach into the chip bowl at the same time , then look into each others eyes — awkwardly at first — before kissing passionately .
CBS told the Web site that all ad space was already full , even though a handful of spots still remain unsold , said Man Crunch spokesman Dominic Friesen .
“ It ’s clearly a form of discrimination that we ’re getting the runaround , that we ’re not being told the truth , ” he said .
“ Quite frankly , there is a lot of ad space available — a lot of the companies that typically advertise during the Super Bowl are not advertising this year . ”
The network says it still needs time to review the ad .
‘ SEX ’ FLIER WARNS OF PETE TOWNSHEND
WATCH THE AD HERE
But it is not as if CBS is shying away from controversy in this year ’s ads .
The network has accepted an anti-abortion spot from the group Focus on the Family that features college football star Tim Tebow and his mother .
That the executives would allow an advocacy ad on a divisive issue but not accept one from a service arranging dates between consenting adults is outrageous , ManCrunch.com complained .
“ Honestly , when we went into this , we did n’t think there would be any problem , ” Friesen said .
“ Clearly , the ad is promoting a dating site targeting gay men . ”
CBS sources said there is a difference between an advocacy ad from Focus on the Family and a commercial ad by Man Crunch .
CBS also rejected one of the commercials that GoDaddy.com , a Web domain services company notorious for airing raunchy ads , produced for the two spots they have purchased .
The rejected ad , titled “ Lola , ” shows a football player who becomes a fashion designer .
“ This is about a guy who starts an online business and hits the jackpot .
I just do n’t think ‘ Lola ’ is offensive , ” said GoDaddy CEO Bob Parsons .
“ In fact , we did n’t see this one coming — we were absolutely blindsided . ”
Ironically , that ad was rejected because it seemed homophobic , CBS sources said .
amanda.melillo@nypost.com
Israeli police have arrested nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu for violating a ban on him speaking to foreigners .
Mr Vanunu was jailed as a traitor in 1986 and served an 18 - year sentence after discussing his work as a technician at Israel 's Dimona nuclear reactor with a British newspaper .
The interview led experts to conclude the facility had produced fissile material for as many as 200 atomic warheads .
After his release from jail in 2004 , Israeli defence authorities barred Mr Vanunu from travelling abroad , alleging he has more details on the Dimona atomic reactor to divulge .
The restrictions , upheld by Israel 's Supreme Court , have been condemned by international human rights groups .
Mr Vanunu denies he poses a security risk but says he will pursue anti-nuclear activities and wants to live abroad .
In 2007 , Mr Vanunu was sentenced to six months in jail for violating the ban on contact with foreigners .
Israel neither confirms nor denies having the Middle East 's only atomic weapons under a policy of " strategic ambiguity " billed as warding off enemies while avoiding arms races .
Mr Vanunu , a Jewish convert to Christianity , argues that by refusing international inspections at Dimona , Israel inflames regional tensions and risks a " second Holocaust " .
He has also said the Jewish state has no right to exist and there has been little public sympathy for him in Israel .
- Reuters
As earlier diaries here have documented , Arpaio has been bending the law and outright ignoring the Constitution with his infamous immigration “ sweeps , ” which target a neighborhood , then sweep in to check the papers of anyone guilty of being there while brown .
He says to his many wingnut supporters here that he 's saving them from crime , disease , social decay , and everything else that comes from south of the border , but the truth is he 's ignoring serious crime while he focuses on rounding up dishwashers and landscapers .
And the sweeps are just the tip of this unconstitutional iceberg , which includes torture and outright death in his prisons .
You can read about some of his activities in this diary from a few months ago , which examines his links to White Supremacists and other racist groups .
David Iglesias , the Bush - fired US Attorney from New Mexico , said a few months ago , when reviewing Arpaio ’s actions , that " I would seek an indictment , " and it appears someone is finally listening to him .
Iglesias appears at about the 7 minute mark of this Channel 5 investigative story , which itself provides a good overview of why so many people here want to see this yahoo booted from office .
( ( youtube BN9BCiB3tCo&feature=player_embedded ) )
The Channel 5 article from today continues :
Federal officials have been investigating whether Sheriff Joe Arpaio and his office are using their power to retaliate against critics – a subject at the center of a recent 5 Investigates report .
I had previous diaried about Arpaio ’s retaliatory efforts , especially toward the press and other politicians .
You just do n't get on this bully 's wrong side .
It 's good to see the traditional media is finally showing some spine .
I ’m going to watch the game now , but will update this later tonight .
QUICK UPDATE :
The story is now up on the Arizona Republic website :
Two high - ranking Maricopa County officials confirmed late Thursday that they will testify next week before a federal grand jury exploring allegations that the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office has abused power .
County Manager David Smith and Assistant County Manager Sandi Wilson said they were preparing to testify before the grand jury on Wednesday .
Sheriff Joe Arpaio denied any knowledge of the grand jury , but news of sheriff 's officials being called to testify before a federal panel has been circulating in county circles for months .
MARCH UPDATE : If you find yourself in the Phoenix area on Jan. 16 consider joining this march .
HT to RadioGirl and Man Eegee .
The program was proudly announced as part of India 's ballistic missile defense program , a division of India 's Ministry of Defense .
However , in a briefing last week defense officials admitted lots of work on the project is yet to be done .
Like , almost all of it .
The kill vehicle ( read : missile of some kind ) will be guided by a laser , which will lock onto the offending satellite and keep the kill vehicle on a solid interception course .
Neither the laser nor the kill vehicle actually exists yet , but be forewarned : India will put a dent in your space capabilities at a time and place as yet undetermined .
WASHINGTON --
The Senate approved sweeping health - overhaul legislation on Thursday , a landmark moment for White House - led efforts to expand insurance coverage to more than 30 million Americans .
The bill , approved by a 60 - 39 vote , would deliver on a long - promised Democratic goal of extending coverage to nearly every American , and would represent the biggest expansion of the federal safety net since the 1965 creation of Medicare , the health - insurance program for the elderly and disabled .
Thursday's ...
In her latest column , advice columnist Amy Dickinson says she hopes a letter from one of her readers " will be posted on college bulletin boards everywhere . "
After reading Dickinson 's advice for said reader , I sincerely hope this is n't the case .
Advertisement
A reader named " Victim ?
In Virginia " recently wrote into Dickinson 's " Ask Amy " column looking for clarification on an event that happened during a frat party she attended , noting that she was intoxicated and agreed to go to a room with a man who promised he would not do anything inappropriate with her .
" Many times , I clearly said I did n't want to have sex , and he promised to my face that he would n't , " the reader writes , " Then he quickly proceeded to go against what he " promised . "
I was shocked , and maybe being intoxicated made my reaction time a bit slow in realizing what was happening . "
Looking for clarification that she had indeed been raped , the reader later asks , " if I was n't kicking and fighting him off , is it still rape ?
I feel like calling it that is a bit extreme , but I have n't felt the same since it happened .
Am I a victim ? "
Advertisement
Here is Dickinson 's charming response :
Dear Victim ? :
First of all , thank you .
I hope your letter will be posted on college bulletin boards everywhere .
Were you a victim ?
Yes .
First , you were a victim of your own awful judgment .
Getting drunk at a frat house is a hazardous choice for anyone to make because of the risk ( some might say a likelihood ) that you will engage in unwise or unwanted sexual contact .
You do n't say whether the guy was also drunk .
If so , his judgment was also impaired .
No matter what — no means no .
If you say no beforehand , then the sex should n't happen .
If you say no while its happening , then the sex should stop .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
She then goes on to quote a passage from RAINN 's website regarding drinking and rape and encourages the girl to get tested for STDs and pregnancy , and to " see a counselor to determine how you want to approach this .
You must involve the guy in question in order to determine what happened and because he absolutely must take responsibility and face the consequences for his actions , just as you are prepared to do .
He may have done this before . "
It 's incredibly alarming that Dickinson feels the first thing an obvious rape victim needs to hear is " well , you were drunk , so you were asking for it . "
Closing her advice with a bit about facing the consequences of her actions , as if getting drunk at a frat party is equivalent to RAPE , is also quite disturbing ; the language Dickinson uses seems to evenly place the blame on both parties and make light of an incredibly dark situation , as if the girl should just go up to her rapist and ask him to fess up at the counselor 's office so that both of them can move on and he can finally stop , you know , raping people , just as she can stop drinking too much at frat parties .
Advertisement
Dickinson may want this letter posted at colleges across the country as a means to scare young women out of drinking at parties ; after all , it 's their fault if they get raped , right ?
It 's not about a larger rape culture , or a modern masculinity that promotes the notion of " no means yes , " or the incredibly tired parade of victim blamers who still insist that rape is the fault of any woman who dares to drink at a party or wear a skirt or walk down a street at night or go into a room with a man she trusts or dance a certain way at the club or , you know , be born with a vagina .
Perhaps Dickinson is right after all .
Her advice should be plastered around college campuses .
They could even build an entire course around it : Rape Culture And You : Victim Blaming 101 .
Advertisement
Rape Question A Matter Of Consent [ Chicago Tribune ]
This image was lost some time after publication .
Advertisement
SomeECards " />
Christians are not forbidden by Christ to practice basic self - defense .
There are times , of course , when suffering through persecution ( even unto death ) will happen , but if somebody breaks into your house I think you have the obligation to protect your family .
And by protect your family , I mean own some firearms and know how to use them .
The following is a pretty funny rendition of the reasons given why we should n’t have guns .
You know which reason I really despise ?
I ’ll tell you in a minute , you should read the reasons first .
Also , pay attention because there is a quiz at the end .
40 Reasons to Ban Guns
Banning guns works , which is why New York , DC , Detroit & Chicago cops need guns .
Washington DC ’s low murder rate of 69 per 100,000 is due to strict gun control , and Indianapolis ’s high murder rate of 9 per 100,000 is due to the lack of gun control .
Statistics showing high murder rates justify gun control but statistics showing increasing murder rates after gun control are “ just statistics . ”
The Brady Bill and the Assault Weapons Ban , both of which went into effect in 1994 are responsible for the decrease in violent crime rates , which have been declining since 1991 .
We must get rid of guns because a deranged lunatic may go on a shooting spree at any time and anyone who would own a gun out of fear of such a lunatic is paranoid .
The more helpless you are the safer you are from criminals .
An intruder will be incapacitated by tear gas or oven spray , but if shot with a .357 Magnum will get angry and kill you .
A woman raped and strangled is morally superior to a woman with a smoking gun and a dead rapist at her feet .
When confronted by violent criminals , you should “ put up no defense – give them what they want , or run ” ( Handgun Control Inc. Chairman Pete Shields , Guns Do n’t Die – People Do , 1981 , p. 125 ) .
The New England Journal of Medicine is filled with expert advice about guns ; just like Guns & Ammo has some excellent treatises on heart surgery .
One should consult an automotive engineer for safer seat belts , a civil engineer for a better bridge , a surgeon for internal medicine , a computer programmer for hard drive problems , and Sarah Brady for firearms expertise .
The 2nd Amendment , ratified in 1787 , refers to the National Guard , which was created 130 years later , in 1917 .
The National Guard , federally funded , with bases on federal land , using federally - owned weapons , vehicles , buildings and uniforms , punishing trespassers under federal law , is a “ state ” militia .
These phrases : “ right of the people peaceably to assemble , ” “ right of the people to be secure in their homes , ” “ enumerations herein of certain rights shall not be construed to disparage others retained by the people , ” and “ The powers not delegated herein are reserved to the states respectively , and to the people ” all refer to individuals , but “ the right of the people to keep and bear arms ” refers to the state .
“ The Constitution is strong and will never change . ”
But we should ban and seize all guns thereby violating the 2nd , 4th , and 5th Amendments to that Constitution .
Rifles and handguns are n’t necessary to national defense !
Of course , the army has hundreds of thousands of them .
Private citizens should n’t have handguns , because they are n’t “ military weapons ” , but private citizens should n’t have “ assault rifles ” , because they are military weapons .
In spite of waiting periods , background checks , fingerprinting , government forms , etc. , guns today are too readily available , which is responsible for recent school shootings .
In the 1940 ’s , 1950 ’s and 1960 ’s , anyone could buy guns at hardware stores , army surplus stores , gas stations , variety stores , Sears mail order , no waiting , no background check , no fingerprints , no government forms and there were no school shootings .
The NRA ’s attempt to run a “ do n’t touch ” campaign about kids handling guns is propaganda , but the anti-gun lobby ’s attempt to run a “ do n’t touch ” campaign is responsible social activity .
Guns are so complex that special training is necessary to use them properly , and so simple to use that they make murder easy .
A handgun , with up to 4 controls , is far too complex for the typical adult to learn to use , as opposed to an automobile that only has 20 .
Women are just as intelligent and capable as men but a woman with a gun is “ an accident waiting to happen ” and gun makers ’ advertisements aimed at women are “ preying on their fears . ”
Ordinary people in the presence of guns turn into slaughtering butchers but revert to normal when the weapon is removed .
Guns cause violence , which is why there are so many mass killings at gun shows .
A majority of the population supports gun control , just like a majority of the population supported owning slaves .
Any self - loading small arm can legitimately be considered to be a “ weapon of mass destruction ” or an “ assault weapon . ”
Most people ca n’t be trusted , so we should have laws against guns , which most people will abide by because they can be trusted .
The right of Internet pornographers to exist cannot be questioned because it is constitutionally protected by the Bill of Rights , but the use of handguns for self defense is not really protected by the Bill of Rights .
Free speech entitles one to own newspapers , transmitters , computers , and typewriters , but self - defense only justifies bare hands .
The ACLU is good because it uncompromisingly defends certain parts of the Constitution , and the NRA is bad , because it defends other parts of the Constitution .
Charlton Heston , a movie actor as president of the NRA was a cheap lunatic who should be ignored , but Michael Douglas , a movie actor as a representative of Handgun Control , Inc. is an ambassador for peace who is entitled to an audience at the UN arms control summit .
Police operate with backup within groups , which is why they need larger capacity pistol magazines than do “ civilians ” who must face criminals alone and therefore need less ammunition .
We should ban “ Saturday Night Specials ” and other inexpensive guns because it ’s not fair that poor people have access to guns too .
Police officers have some special Jedi - like mastery over handguns that private citizens can never hope to obtain .
Private citizens do n’t need a gun for self - protection because the police are there to protect them even though the Supreme Court says the police are not responsible for their protection .
Citizens do n’t need to carry a gun for personal protection but police chiefs , who are desk - bound administrators who work in a building filled with cops , need a gun .
“ Assault weapons ” have no purpose other than to kill large numbers of people .
The police need assault weapons .
You do not .
When Microsoft pressures its distributors to give Microsoft preferential promotion , that ’s bad ; but when the Federal government pressures cities to buy guns only from Smith & Wesson , that ’s good .
Trigger locks do not interfere with the ability to use a gun for defensive purposes , which is why you see police officers with one on their duty weapon .
Handgun Control , Inc. , says they want to “ keep guns out of the wrong hands . ”
Guess what ?
You have the wrong hands .
Okay , you know which one of these I really find repulsive ?
# 33 , the banning of cheaper guns .
This infuriates me .
The government already has set up the system in such a way that poor people have a much harder time protecting themselves .
And considering that their neighborhoods can frequently be worse than the middle - class , who have the money to own firearms and purchase their multi- hundred dollar concealed carry permit , I find this situation untenable .
But moreover , purchase a firearm for yourself .
Become familiar with it .
Train with it .
It ’s less complicated than operating a car , so familiarity will quell any fear you have .
You never know when you ’ll need to use it .
So here is your quiz question :
Which of the 40 reasons do you despise the most , and why ?
Comment below !
Since the publication of the first complete bacterial genome , sequencing of the microbial world has accelerated beyond expectations .
The inventory of bacterial and archaeal isolates with complete or draft sequences is approaching the two thousand mark2 .
Most of these genome sequences are the product of studies in which one or a few isolates were targeted because of an interest in a specific characteristic of the organism .
Although large - scale multi-isolate genome sequencing studies have been performed , they have tended to be focused on particular habitats or on the relatives of specific organisms .
This overall lack of broad phylogenetic considerations in the selection of microbial genomes for sequencing , combined with a cultivation bottleneck6 , has led to a strongly biased representation of recognized microbial phylogenetic diversity 3,4,5 .
Although some projects have attempted to correct this ( for example , see ref. 5 ) , they have all been small in scope .
To evaluate the potential benefits of a more systematic effort , we embarked on a pilot project to sequence approximately 100 genomes selected solely for their phylogenetic novelty : the ‘ Genomic Encyclopedia of Bacteria and Archaea ’ ( GEBA ) .
Organisms were selected on the basis of their position in a phylogenetic tree of small subunit ( SSU ) ribosomal RNA , the best sampled gene from across the tree of life7 .
Working from the root to the tips of the tree , we identified the most divergent lineages that lacked representatives with sequenced genomes ( completed or in progress ) 8 and for which a species has been formally described9 and a type strain designated and deposited in a publicly accessible culture collection10 .
From hundreds of candidates , 200 type strains were selected both to obtain broad coverage across Bacteria and Archaea and to perform in - depth sampling of a single phylum .
The Gram - positive bacterial phylum Actinobacteria was chosen for the latter purpose because of the availability of many phylogenetically and phenotypically diverse cultured strains , and because it had the lowest percentage of sequenced isolates of any phylum ( 1 % versus an average of 2.3 % ) 11 .
Of the 200 targeted isolates , 159 were designated as ‘ high ’ priority primarily on the basis of phylum - level novelty and the ability to obtain microgram quantities of high quality DNA .
The genomes of these 159 are being sequenced , assembled , annotated ( including recommended metadata12 ) and finished , and relevant data are being released through a dedicated Integrated Microbial Genomes database portal13 and deposited into GenBank .
Currently , data from 106 genomes ( 62 of which are finished ) are available .
To assess the ramifications of this tree - based selection of organisms , we focused our analyses on the first 56 genomes for which the shotgun phase of sequencing was completed .
The 53 bacteria and 3 archaea ( Supplementary Table 1 ) represent both a broad sampling of bacterial diversity and a deeper sampling of the phylum Actinobacteria ( 26 GEBA genomes ) .
An initial question we addressed was whether selection on the basis of phylogenetic novelty of SSU rRNA genes reliably identifies genomes that are phylogenetically novel on the basis of other criteria .
This question arises because it is known that single genes , even SSU rRNA genes , do not perfectly predict genome - wide phylogenetic patterns 14,15 .
To investigate this , we created a ‘ genome tree ’ ( ref. 16 ) of completed bacterial genomes ( Fig. 1 ) and then measured the relative contribution of the GEBA project using the phylogenetic diversity metric17 .
We found that the 53 GEBA bacteria accounted for 2.8 –4.4 times more phylogenetic diversity than randomly sampled subsets of 53 non-GEBA bacterial genomes .
A similar degree of improvement in phylogenetic diversity was seen for the more intensively sampled actinobacteria ( Table 1 ) .
These analyses indicate that although SSU rRNA genes are not a perfect indicator of organismal evolution , their phylogenetic relationships are a sound predictor of phylogenetic novelty within the universal gene core present in bacterial genomes .
Figure 1 Maximum - likelihood phylogenetic tree of the bacterial domain based on a concatenated alignment of 31 broadly conserved protein - coding genes 16 .
Phyla are distinguished by colour of the branch and GEBA genomes are indicated in red in the outer circle of species names .
Full size image
Table 1 Effect of SSU rRNA tree - based selection of organisms on comparative genomic metrics
Full size table
The discovery and characterization of new gene families and their associated novel functions provide one incentive for sequencing additional genomes , analysis of which has helped to redefine the protein family universe18 .
We explored the quantitative effect of tree - based genome selection on the pace of discovery of novel proteins and functions .
Specifically , we compared the rate of discovery of novel protein families when progressively adding more closely related genomes versus when adding more distantly related ones ( Fig. 2 ) .
Granted , many factors contribute to protein family diversity , such as ecological niche ; nevertheless , higher rates of novel protein family discovery were found in the more phylogenetically diverse taxa ( Fig. 2 ) .
In addition , of the 16,797 families identified in the 56 GEBA genomes , 1,768 showed no significant sequence similarity to any proteins , indicating the presence of novel functional diversity .
These results highlight the utility of tree - based genome selection as a means to maximize the identification of novel protein families and argues against lateral gene transfer significantly redistributing genetic novelty between distantly related lineages .
Figure 2 : Rate of discovery of protein families as a function of phylogenetic breadth of genomes .
For each of four groupings ( species , different strains of Streptococcus agalactiae ; family , Enterobacteriaceae ; phylum , Actinobacteria ; domain , GEBA bacteria ) , all proteins from that group were compared to each other to identify protein families .
Then the total number of protein families was calculated as genomes were progressively sampled from the group ( starting with one genome until all were sampled ) .
This was done multiple times for each of the four groups using random starting seeds ; the average and standard deviation were then plotted .
PowerPoint slide Full size image
Novel proteins also can serve to link distantly related homologues whose relatedness would otherwise go undetected .
Forty - six such links were identified in the 56 GEBA genomes compared to an average of only three new links in equivalent sets of randomly sampled non-GEBA genomes ( Table 1 ) .
A useful complement to homology - based predictions of gene function are ‘ non- homology methods ’ ( ref. 19 ) such as gene context - based inference that relies on the conserved clustering of functionally related genes across multiple genomes , often in operons or as gene fusions20 .
We identified over 70,000 genes in new chromosomal cassettes of two or more genes in the GEBA genomes .
This represents a three - to sixfold increase over equivalent sets of non-GEBA genomes ( Table 1 ) .
Similarly , the number of new gene fusions identified in the GEBA genomes is 4 to ∼ 13 times greater than in randomly selected genome sets ( Table 1 ) .
Because the GEBA data set produced a several - fold improvement over random sets for all metrics examined ( Table 1 ) , we predict that other aspects of sequence - based biological discovery will similarly benefit from tree - based genome sequencing .
The GEBA genomes also show significant phylogenetic expansions within known protein families .
For example , although only two of the 56 GEBA organisms are known cellulose degraders , we identified in the set of genomes a variety of glycoside hydrolase ( GH ) genes that may participate in the breakdown of cellulose and hemicelluloses .
Among these are 28 and 7 phylogenetically divergent members of the endoglucanase - and processive exoglucanase - containing GH6 and GH48 families , respectively .
Halorhabdus utahensis , a halophilic archaeon known to have β- xylanase and β- xylosidase activities21 , has a chromosomal cluster including two GH10 family β- xylanases and six novel GH5 family proteins of unknown specificity .
The enrichment of genetic diversity is also seen within families of non-coding RNAs , transposable elements , and other cellular components .
For example , the genome of the marine myxobacterium Haliangium ochraceum contains 807 CRISPR ( clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats ) units including the largest single CRISPR array known , comprising 382 spacer / repeat units .
CRISPR is a newly recognized , but ancient and widespread , system in bacteria and archaea that confers resistance to viruses and other invading foreign DNAs22 .
Results from the GEBA pilot project challenge our current understanding for the taxonomic distribution of known gene families .
The most striking example of which is the discovery of an actin homologue in H. ochraceum .
Actin and its close relatives are structural components of the eukaryotic cytoskeleton that are found in every eukaryote and only in eukaryotes .
Bacteria and archaea encode instead the shape - determining protein MreB. Although MreBs have some functional and structural similarities to eukaryotic actins , they are regarded , at best , distantly related homologues23 and possibly not even homologous .
Like other bacteria , H. ochraceum encodes a bona fide MreB protein , but in addition , it encodes a protein that is clearly a member of the actin family , which we have named BARP ( bacterial actin- related protein ; Fig. 3 ) .
Although we do not yet have evidence for its precise function , BARP is expressed in H. ochraceum ( Fig. 3 b ) .
Assuming that the H. ochraceum mreB orthologue performs the same function as in other bacteria , and given that the myxobacteria , to which this species belongs , are known to synthesize actin- targeting toxins 24 , we propose that this BARP may be a dominant - negative inhibitor of eukaryotic actin polymerization .
Regardless of its precise function , this first — and so far only — discovery of an expressed homologue of eukaryotic actin in a member of the Bacteria highlights the potential for novel and surprising biological discoveries given a wider genomic sampling of the tree of life .
Figure 3 : A bacterial homologue of actin .
a , Genomic context of the bacterial actin-related protein ( BARP ) gene within the genome of the marine Deltaproteobacterium H. ochraceum .
Red , gene encoding BARP ; white , genes encoding hypothetical proteins ; black , genes with functional annotations .
b , RT–PCR demonstration of expression of the gene encoding BARP in H. ochraceum .
c , Ribbon plot of the putative structure of BARP .
d , Alignment of BARP with actin from Dictyostelium discoideum29 with similarities in black shaded text .
Secondary structure elements ( arrows , beta - strands ; bars , alpha- helices ) are colour - coded as in c .
A phylogenetic tree including this protein is in Supplementary Figure 1 .
PowerPoint slide
Full size image
We conclude that targeting microorganisms for genome sequencing solely on the basis of phylogenetic considerations offers significant far - reaching benefits in diverse areas .
Furthermore , the benefits of phylogenetically driven genome sequencing show no sign of saturating with these first 56 genomes .
A key question then lies in determining how much bacterial and archaeal diversity remains to be sampled .
Using SSU rRNA gene sequences as a proxy for organismal diversity ( Fig. 4 ) , we estimate that sequencing the genomes of only 1,520 phylogenetically selected isolates could encompass half of the phylogenetic diversity represented by known cultured bacteria and archaea .
Given the continuing reductions in both the cost and difficulty in sequencing genomes 25 , this is certainly a tractable target in the next few years .
Figure 4 : Phylogenetic diversity of bacteria and archaea on the basis of SSU rRNA genes .
Using a phylogenetic tree of unique SSU rRNA gene sequences7 , phylogenetic diversity was measured for four subsets of this tree : organisms with sequenced genomes pre-GEBA ( blue ) , the GEBA organisms ( red ) , all cultured organisms ( dark grey ) , and all available SSU rRNA genes ( light grey ) .
For each subtree , taxa were sorted by their contribution to the subtree phylogenetic diversity30 and the cumulative phylogenetic diversity was plotted from maximal ( left ) to the least ( right ) .
The inset magnifies the first 1,500 organisms .
Comparison of the plots shows the phylogenetic ‘ dark matter ’ left to be sampled .
PowerPoint slide Full size image
However , the great majority of recognized bacterial and archaeal diversity is not represented by pure cultures and an additional 9,218 genome sequences from currently uncultured species would be required to capture 50 % of this recognized diversity ( Fig. 4 ) .
Such an undertaking will require new approaches to culturing or processing of multi-species samples using methods such as metagenomics26 or physical isolation of cells from mixed populations followed by whole genome amplification methods 27 .
Obtaining reference genomes for the uncultured microbial majority will be a natural extension of the GEBA project , the ultimate goal of which is to provide a phylogenetically balanced genomic representation of the microbial tree of life .
The pilot study presented here is a dedicated first step in this direction .
Pulsars Could Provide " Galactic GPS " for Detecting Gravitational Waves
Who needs the Hitchhiker 's Guide when you have spinning star cores ?
The parallel GC synchronisation uses pure spinlocks , which leads to a severe decline in performance when one thread is descheduled .
This is the main cause of the " last core parallel slowdown " : using a - N value that matches the number of cores in the machine can be slower than using one fewer .
The effect seems to be quite bad on Linux , reports are that it is less of an issue on OS X .
Switching to mutexes would help , but it is n't easy because we sometimes unlock these from a different thread than they were locked from , and standard mutexes do n't let you do that ( the locks in question are mut_spin and gc_spin in the GcThread structure ) .
Researchers have disclosed a critical vulnerability in the latest version of Mac OS X that they say Apple has sat on for almost seven months without fixing .
The buffer overflow flaw could be exploited by attackers to remotely execute malicious code , and virtually all Apple devices - including Mac computers and servers , iPhones , and even Apple TV - are susceptible , one of the researchers , Maksymilian Arciemowicz , told The Register .
SecurityReason.com , the Poland - based security firm he works for , alerted Apple to the vulnerability in the middle of June and again last month , but the computer maker has yet to patch the bug .
By contrast , developers for OpenBSD , NetBSD , FreeBSD , and a variety of Mozilla applications have fixed identical vulnerabilities , in some cases within hours of notification .
The bug affects all applications and operating systems that implement gdtoa floating point numbers .
" It was not that difficult to patch it , " Arciemowicz wrote in an email .
" It seems to us that Apple comes from the assumption that when there is no PoC or exploit given that the problem does n't exist . "
The OS X bug resides in the libc / strtod ( 3 ) and libc / gdtoa function .
Arciemowicz said the vulnerability could be remotely exploited using booby - trapped PHP code on a website , among other methods .
SecurityReason has posted proof - of - concept code here that shows how the flaw can be exploited to make a machine crash .
With additional work - specifically , by manipulating esi and edi registers - it is possible to remotely execute code , Arciemowicz said .
Of the 16 applications or systems known to be affected by the bug , only four remain vulnerable .
In addition to OS X , they include Mozilla Sunbird , K - Meleon , and the J programming language . ®
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Back in June , during an onstage conversation with me at our Structure 09 conference , Facebook VP of Technical Operations Jonathan Heiliger lamented how chip makers such as Intel and AMD do n’t quite understand the needs of web behemoths like his company , instead touting benchmarks and metrics that are far removed from reality .
Industry - standard benchmarks , such as those published by The Standard Performance Evaluation Corporation ( SPEC ) can be reasonable indicators of maximum throughput for certain workloads .
At Facebook , we recognized these benchmarks would n’t necessarily represent our application behavior under real - world conditions and developed a proprietary analysis methodology .
Frustration with those specifications is what led to the building of Facebook ’s capacity testing tool , Dyno , which the company has been using since July .
Yesterday , Jonathan and two of his colleagues , Marco Baray and Jason Taylor , shared some details as to how , exactly , Facebook benchmark ’s server performance — and how that ’s helped them squeeze the most out of their machines .
The findings are shared in a white paper entitled “ Real - World Web Application Benchmarking ” ( embedded at the end of this post . )
Taylor spearheaded the project for Facebook .
[ digg=http://digg.com/hardware/How_Facebook_Squeezes_More_From_Its_Machines]
“ We wanted to get rid of the ad - hoc nature of server performance measurement and deployment , ” said Heiliger of Dyno .
Named after a Dynamometer , a device that measures force or power , typically in automobiles , Dyno does the same for Facebook servers .
“ Effectively we are doing the same for the servers where we are focused on throughput and server capacity , ” says Heiliger .
“ When you get to a certain scale , say , 100 servers , you need to have something like Dyno . ”
It also allows the company to constantly optimize its software stack to derive the most out of its hardware .
“ It allows us to more effectively measure the performance of our server infrastructure and then derive the most out of it , ” said Heiliger .
From the white paper :
Anecdotally , when Facebook switched from an FB - DIMM platform to the Intel San Clemente platform , utilizing DDR2 memory , we observed an unexpected increase in throughput .
This performance boost initiated an investigation that found the web application to be memory - and CPU - bound .
The decreased latency of the DDR2 architecture provided a significant increase in web node throughput .
Baray explained that as Facebook adds more features to its service , it becomes more complex .
“ The web site becomes heavier , so we need to constantly adapt our capacity and figure out how we manage it smartly , ” he said .
In order to do that , the company needs to constantly monitor its data as effectively as possible .
And that ’s where Dyno comes in handy .
For example , the company recently added new servers that were based on Intel ’s NehlamNehalem / Tylersburg chip architecture — which delivered a markedly superior performance over its existing Harpertown - based servers .
“ There was an over 40 percent difference , which is huge when you have thousands of servers , ” said Heiliger .
Knowing which servers can handle more loads and provide more throughput allows Facebook to dynamically shift traffic loads around in order to achieve the top performance .
Facebook has more than 30,000 servers , according to some estimates .
The company adds roughly 10,000 new ones every 18 months .
The company ca n’t afford to not squeeze the most out of its machines .
Real World Bench Marking v10
More than 2000 years ago , Jesus Christ or Yeshuah the Messiah , came in accordance with God 's new covenant , to write God 's commandments on Israel 's descendants ' hearts , and in accordance with John 11 ( ESV ) : 52 " ... to gather into one the children of God who are scattered abroad . " , back to the covenant land , so Israel may be restored in accordance with Ezekiel 37 .
The children of God mentioned , is the new covenant people of Judah and Israel 's tribes , as they are the scattered remnant of Jacob 's descendants .
Today they are the worldwide intermingled descendants of Israel , found among all the tribes , tongues , and nations of the earth , on whose hearts God 's commandments are written under the new covenant , because God 's old covenant of Deuteronomy 28 were broken , and his old covenant people subsequently experienced the Assyrian & Babylonian Captivity & Exile .
From there they were further scattered and intermingled , subjected to slavery and fell into idolatry , unto the ends of the earth .
Ezekiel 37 ( ESV ) : 19 say to them , Thus says the Lord God : Behold , I am about to take the stick of Joseph ( that is in the hand of Ephraim ) and the tribes of Israel associated with him .
And I will join with it the stick of Judah , and make them one stick , that they may be one in my hand .
20
When the sticks on which you write are in your hand before their eyes , 21 then say to them , Thus says the Lord God : Behold , I will take the people of Israel from the nations among which they have gone , and will gather them from all around , and bring them to their own land .
22 And I will make them one nation in the land , on the mountains of Israel .
And one king shall be king over them all , and they shall be no longer two nations , and no longer divided into two kingdoms .
Islamic prophet Mohammed , has prophesied in his writings in the Islamic Quran , that the Madi-leader of the Islam nation , as the descendants of Ishmael , as promised by God ( Allah as He is called in Islam ) in the Hebrew Torah 's Genesis , will oppose Dajjal the Anti-Christ or Anti-Messiah , as will Isaac 's descendants of Israel and Jesus Christ , or Yeshuah the Messiah , at his second coming .
The land the prophet Mohammed has indicated where Islam will persist , is around Mecca and Medina , in Saudi - Arabia .
Israel 's promised land in accordance with God 's covenant with them is around Jerusalem , as defined by God in Numbers 34 , together with the land across the river Jordan of the tribes of Reuben , Gad and Manasseh as defined by God in Numbers 32 .
Ishmael was Abraham 's first born son as the half - brother of Isaac , born from Isaac 's mother Sarai 's slave Hagar .
Abraham entered into a covenant with God , where God promised that he will have a multitude of descendants , through his children Ishmael and Isaac .
Isaac became the father of the nation of Israel , and Ishmael the father of the nation of Islam .
Ishmael was born , following Abrahams 's wife 's Sarai 's disbelief in God 's promises , in Genesis 16 ( ESV ) : 2 And Sarai said to Abram , " Behold now , the Lord has prevented me from bearing children .
Go in to my servant ; it may be that I shall obtain children by her . "
And Abram listened to the voice of Sarai.3
So , after Abram had lived ten years in the land of Canaan , Sarai , Abram 's wife , took Hagar the Egyptian , her servant , and gave her to Abram her husband as a wife .
4
And he went in to Hagar , and she conceived .
And when she saw that she had conceived , she looked with contempt on her mistress .
5
And Sarai said to Abram , " May the wrong done to me be on you !
I gave my servant to your embrace , and when she saw that she had conceived , she looked on me with contempt .
May the Lord judge between you and me !
" 6
But Abram said to Sarai , " Behold , your servant is in your power ; do to her as you please . "
Then Sarai dealt harshly with her , and she fled from her .
7
The angel of the Lord found her by a spring of water in the wilderness , the spring on the way to Shur .8
And he said , " Hagar , servant of Sarai , where have you come from and where are you going ? "
She said , " I am fleeing from my mistress Sarai . " 9
The angel of the Lord said to her , " Return to your mistress and submit to her .
" 10 The angel of the Lord also said to her , " I will surely multiply your offspring so that they can not be numbered for multitude .
" 11 And the angel of the Lord said to her , " Behold , you are pregnant and shall bear a son .
You shall call his name Ishmael , because the Lord has listened to your affliction .
12
He shall be a wild donkey of a man , his hand against everyone and everyone 's hand against him , and he shall dwell over against all his kinsmen . "
When Sarai's own son Isaac was born , at least 13 years after Ishmael was born , Ishmael and his mother Hagar , the Egyptian slave of Sarai was sent off into the wilderness by Abraham , at the demand of Sarai , and following God 's command , in accordance with Genesis 21 ( ESV ) : 5 Abraham was a hundred years old when his son Isaac was born to him .
6
And Sarah said , " God has made laughter for me ; everyone who hears will laugh over me . " 7
And she said , " Who would have said to Abraham that Sarah would nurse children ?
Yet I have borne him a son in his old age . " 8
And the child grew and was weaned .
And Abraham made a great feast on the day that Isaac was weaned .9
But Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian , whom she had borne to Abraham , laughing .10
So she said to Abraham , " Cast out this slave woman with her son , for the son of this slave woman shall not be heir with my son Isaac .
" 11 And the thing was very displeasing to Abraham on account of his son .
12 But God said to Abraham , " Be not displeased because of the boy and because of your slave woman .
Whatever Sarah says to you , do as she tells you , for through Isaac shall your offspring be named .
13
And I will make a nation of the son of the slave woman also , because he is your offspring . "
The Old Covenant that was : Deuteronomy 28 ( ESV ) : 1
And if you faithfully obey the voice of the Lord your God , being careful to do all his commandments that I command you today , the Lord your God will set you high above all the nations of the earth .
15 " But if you will not obey the voice of the Lord your God or be careful to do all his commandments and his statutes that I command you today , then all these curses shall come upon you and overtake you .
64 " And the Lord will scatter you among all peoples , from one end of the earth to the other , and there you shall serve other gods of wood and stone , which neither you nor your fathers have known .
God 's Old Covenant was replaced with a New Covenant , by the sacrifice of our Messiah , who was sent divinely to earth by God , for all that let all of God 's commandments ( of which Deuteronomy 5 's ten commandments , as was kept in the Holy of Holy 's , forms the core , as this is included in the Masoretic five books of the Hebraic Torah , or the 70 to 72 Jerusalem 's Jewish or Judaic Rabbi 's translated Septuagint Greek Pentateuch , of God 's spoken commandments , as is expected to be obeyed by His covenant people ) be written on their hearts , by Him : Jeremiah 31 ( ESV ) : 31 " Behold , the days are coming , declares the Lord , when I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel and the house of Judah , 32 not like the covenant that I made with their fathers on the day when I took them by the hand to bring them out of the land of Egypt , my covenant that they broke , though I was their husband , declares the Lord.33
For this is the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel after those days , declares the Lord : I will put my law within them , and I will write it on their hearts .
And I will be their God , and they shall be my people .
34
And no longer shall each one teach his neighbor and each his brother , saying , ' Know the Lord , ' for they shall all know me , from the least of them to the greatest , declares the Lord .
For I will forgive their iniquity , and I will remember their sin no more . "
The New Covenant that is : John 11 ( ESV ) : 49
But one of them , Caiaphas , who was high priest that year , said to them , " You know nothing at all .50 Nor do you understand that it is better for you that one man should die for the people , not that the whole nation should perish .
"
51 He did not say this of his own accord , but being high priest that year he prophesied that Jesus would die for the nation , 52 and not for the nation only , but also to gather into one the children of God who are scattered abroad .
Through the divine workings of our divine Creator God , Yahweh , a Son , Jesus the Christ , Yeshuah the Messiah , was born from a virgin as prophesied .
Without the workings of man , all worldly governments will be overruled by God 's Messiah , Jesus Christ 's Kingdom on Earth with its seat in Jerusalem , and that Kingdom commenced with him overcoming death and Satan itself , with his resurrection from the dead after conquering the forces in hell single - handedly being God 's divine sacrificial offspring .
He subsequently , after anointing his believers with God 's Holy Spirit as our Comforter , ascended into the heavens , like Eliah and Enoch , from where he now rules with God as the heavenly anointed King , over God 's restored earth , as the King Messiah .
He sits in heaven , on the throne to the right hand , of the throne of God his Father , as the Righteous One , to return to earth at his second coming in accordance with Daniel 2 ( ESV ) : 34 As you looked , a stone was cut out by no human hand , and it struck the image on its feet of iron and clay , and broke them in pieces .
35
Then the iron , the clay , the bronze , the silver , and the gold , all together were broken in pieces , and became like the chaff of the summer threshing floors ; and the wind carried them away , so that not a trace of them could be found .
But the stone that struck the image became a great mountain and filled the whole earth .
Or , they can opt to do jack shit and just spend all of their money and effort convincing the public otherwise .
This is what is referred to as " greenwashing , " and it works like this :
For a person , " going green " is as simple as recycling more , wasting less and always , always , always behaving like an insufferable prick in social situations .
But for a corporation , " going green " can be a much harder task that costs million of dollars , thousands of hours of manpower and often painful company - wide cutbacks .
6 Who Needs Water When You Have Coca - Cola ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Listen : India is a beautiful , ancient place with a rich and storied culture and we do n't mean to knock it , but it 's pretty damned overcrowded .
They 're practically breathing other people right now , and as a result their resources are stretched taut .
Water actually still means life over there -- as opposed to the Western world where it 's just something that needs to be enhanced with electrolytes or thrown on the t- shirts of girls who hate their fathers .
" WHY DIDN'T YOU DO A BETTER JOB RAISING ME , DADDY ?!
I mean ... um ...
I 'm all wet , teehee ! "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
So when Coca - Cola came to India and started sucking up thousands of gallons of the nation 's precious life - sustaining water each day to make their bottled acid - baths , it kind of rubbed a few ( billion ) people the wrong way .
So to balance out this horrible misappropriation of resources , Coke tried to prove they were environmentally conscious by setting up a donation scheme to help save polar bears ... which , of course , are n't native to India .
" Save the bears , they 're dy - well , OK , not this one .
He 's uh ... he 's doing pretty good . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Then at a San Francisco business conference , Coke also pledged to go water neutral .
Well , actually they said they " aspire to put back " what they " take out . "
Aspire .
You can aspire to anything ; take a poll of a first grade classroom and you 'll get 18 kids aspiring to be astronauts , four aspiring to be policemen , two aspiring to be president and one special child aspiring to be a motorcycle .
Wait , it gets better !
Part of the their plan is that if they take all of the water out of one village 's wells , they can become " neutral " by putting the water back ... into a different village .
You know , like how instead of paying back your loan to your bank , they 'll allow you to just give the money to some random person instead .
As long as you 're paying somebody , right ?
T Pyxidis Soon To Be A Type Ia Supernova
by Staff Writers
Washington DC ( SPX ) Jan 05 , 2010
Astronomers have uncovered evidence that a massive , explosive white dwarf star in a binary star system with a Sun - like star in our Milky Way Galaxy is growing in mass and is much closer to our solar system than previously thought .
The report is being presented by Drs. Edward M. Sion , Patrick Godon and student Timothy McClain of Villanova University at the 215th meeting of the American Astronomical Society in Washington , DC .
This result is of special interest because it may shed light on the still unidentified type of stellar objects that explode as Type Ia supernovae , the kind of supernova which has been used to demonstrate that the expansion of the universe is accelerating .
The close binary system T Pyxidis , located in the southern hemisphere constellation Pyxis ( " the Compass Box " ) , is known as a recurrent nova because its massive white dwarf star has suffered thermonuclear ( nova ) explosions approximately every 20 years with its previous recorded nova explosions occurring in 1890 , 1902 , 1920 , 1944 and 1967 , making it 44 years overdue for its next thermonuclear explosion .
Nobody understands why it is has stopped its thermonuclear explosions .
The thermonuclear explosions are triggered by hydrogen - rich gas transferred to the white dwarf star by the very close Sun - like star .
An extremely important unanswered question about such close binary stars is whether the mass receiving white dwarf continually grows in mass despite the nova explosions or decreases in mass because the nova explosions eject more mass from the white dwarf than it accumulates from the Sun - like star .
If the mass of the white dwarf in such a binary star system increases with time , then it will eventually reach the so - called Chandrasekhar Limit and will undergo instantaneous gravitational collapse resulting in an unimaginably powerful thermonuclear detonation which completely destroys the white dwarf and leaves no stellar remnant such as a pulsar ( i.e. , spinning neutron star ) or a black hole .
This catastrophic event , known as a Type Ia supernova ( or " white dwarf supernova " ) , releases ten million times more energy than a nova explosion or is equivalent to twenty billion , billion , billion megatons of TNT .
The Villanova team analyzed far ultraviolet spectra of T Pyxidis obtained with the International Ultraviolet Explorer spacecraft and modeled the spectra for the first time with state of the art theoretical models of accretion disks and white dwarf atmospheres .
They found that the radiation emitted by a luminous accretion disk enshrouding the white dwarf dominates the light emitted by the system but that the system is at a distance within only 1,000 parsecs ( 3,260 light years ) which is far closer to our solar system than anyone previously thought .
The theoretical model which best matches the observed spectra corresponds to a white dwarf very close to the Chandrasekhar Limit , an orbital tilt to our line of sight of 18 degrees and a rate of mass accretion by the white dwarf of 2 x 10 ^ 17 grams / second ( 3 x 10 ^ - 9 solar masses / year ) but the distance of the system must be less than 1,000 parsecs .
The closer distance makes the disk less luminous , the accretion rate is lower and the white dwarf mass even closer to the Chandrasekhar limit .
The closer distance means that the ejected nova shells imaged by Hubble have smaller masses than previously thought which makes them consistent with the small amount of accreted mass needed to trigger a thermonuclear explosion on a massive white dwarf .
This is extremely important because it would mean the white dwarf mass is increasing with time , NOT decreasing .
If the mass of the ejected shells was greater than the mass accumulated by the white dwarf , then the white dwarf would decrease its mass with time and not become a supernova by reaching the Chandrasekhar Limit .
An interesting , if a bit scary , speculative sidelight is that if a Type Ia supernova explosion occurs within 1,000 parsecs ( 1 parsec = 3.26 light - years ) of Earth , then the gamma radiation emitted by the supernova would fry the Earth , dumping as much gamma radiation ( ~100,000 ergs / square centimeter ) into our planet , which is equivalent to the gamma ray input of 1,000 solar flares simultaneously .
The production of nitrous oxides in Earth 's atmosphere by the supernova 's gamma rays would completely destroy the ozone layer if the supernova went off within 1,000 parsecs .
clodiuno - A Clojure API for the Firmata Protocol
Firmata is a protocol and a firmware for Arduino , it allows you to control Arduino via a serial protocol from any language that has serial port support .
I had a lot of free time during the holidays so I started to implement the protocol , unfortunately protocol is n't well documented , so it took a while to get a hang of it .
You can grab a copy of clodiuno here .
Of course no Arduino introduction is complete with out blinking something , below snippet should give you a feel for the API , there are more examples in the examples folder included with the project .
( ns sos ( :use :reload - all clodiuno.core ) ( :use :reload - all clodiuno.firmata ) ) ( def short - pulse 250 ) ( def long - pulse 500 ) ( def letter - delay 1000 ) ( def letter -s [ 0 0 0 ] ) ( def letter - o [ 1 1 1 ] ) ( defn blink [ board time ] ( digital - write board 13 HIGH ) ( Thread / sleep time ) ( digital - write board 13 LOW ) ( Thread / sleep time ) ) ( defn blink - letter [ board letter ] ( doseq [ i letter ] ( if ( = i 0 ) ( blink board short - pulse ) ( blink board long - pulse ) ) ) ( Thread / sleep letter - delay ) ) ( defn sos [ ] ( let [ board ( arduino : firmata " /dev/tty.usbserial -A900adPT " ) ] ;; allow arduino to boot ( Thread / sleep 5000 ) ( pin- mode board 13 OUTPUT ) ( doseq [ _ ( range 3 ) ] ( blink - letter board letter - s ) ( blink - letter board letter - o ) ( blink - letter board letter - s ) ) ( close board ) ) )
This will make your Arduino call for help .
Result will be similar to the following but with a single LED .
Player
-- Posted Sunday , 24 January 2010 | | Source : GoldSeek.com
By : Peter Forth Looks like we are having another downdraft in the precious metals sector .
In light of the carnage that happened last year it seems that over every little correction looms the spectre of a repeat washout .
For those of you who are curious what this downturn has done to Goldbug sentiment , I have prepared a survey where people can vote as to where they think gold will be two months from now .
I 've also compiled a list of " pros " and " cons " ... things that would support gold and things that point to a lower gold price : Reasons for Gold to fall
The stockmarket has been climbing without any improving fundamentals long enough to be due for a significant correction and the gold price has followed the DOW down 51 % of the time in the last half of 2009 ( gold stocks followed the DOW down 71 % of the time ) .
China has indicated that they plan to begin monetary tightening .
There is hot money right now in gold that will likely flee now that it has stopped going up .
The �dollar carry trade� could unwind , removing many gold hedge fund positions .
If the government is unable to print more money than is being lost in the economy due to loan payoffs , defaults and decreased money velocity then our economy will tilt again towards deflation .
Even if you believe that the government will eventually be successful in creating enough inflation , it is not impossible that they fall behind the curve for a while if things start to happen quickly , resulting in a temporary loss in gold prices .
JP Morgan and the other big banks seem to be able to create nearly infinite amount of short positions to keep the price down and the political will to stop that seems to be largely absent .
The amount of paper gold substitutes such as GLD is arguably much greater that the actual amount of real gold available , causing dilution of the investment demand in the same way as when a company issues a large new set of shares .
Gold is under a downward sloping trendline and well under its 50 day moving average .
Gold stocks ( GDX ) are under a downward sloping trendline , well under its 100 day moving average and is now lower than its December 2009 lows .
Dehedging from gold companies may be almost over now .
As we saw in the Fall of 2008 , Gold ( and certainly not Gold Stocks ) do not necessarily benefit and can in fact be substantially harmed by safe haven flows in a panic .
Reasons for Gold to rise Central banks around the world continue to print money without end in their attempt to keep the financial system solvent .
For example in December alone , Freddy and Fanny were given an infinite checkbook by the government .
None of the excess that caused the financial crisis appear to have been solved : Banks are still massively overleveraged .
Banks know that if they take on risk they will be bailed out , so they are still taking on huge risks .
Unemployment is still skyhigh with no indication as to where any new jobs might come from to bring it down again .
The is a huge overhang of homes that are technically in default but that are being held out of the market by the banks .
Alt - A loans and Options ARMS are resetting this year and they are bigger than subprime .
The government will be unable to substantially raise interest rates for the forseable future , leaving us in a net negative interest rate environment .
Companies that hold huge short positions risk a default if counterparties demand physical delivery of their metal .
There are some indications that this could occur in 2010 ( in fact there are some rumours of this occurring already right now , with huge premiums being offered in return for cash settlement ) .
Central bank selling has turned into net central bank buying .
Many large gold companies have cleared large portions of their hedge book , indicating that they expect higher gold prices .
Contrarian investing disagrees with most of the articles in the mainstream media say gold is overvalued and going to fall .
Gold may be in the process of forming a double bottom at 1075 .
What do you think ?
Are goldbugs on the launchpad for the moonshot or are we doomed to another thrashing ala 2008 ?
Participate in our survey and see what others believe here : http://www.stockreflex.net/survey/gold-01.html#survey
Peter Forth
-- Posted Sunday , 24 January 2010 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com
Previous Articles
Sand Sculpture is a versatile medium that allows you to create a sculpture measured in meters in the space of a week that could easily take a year in another medium .
The process is so simple that sand sculptures can be constructed anywhere and allow passers by to be able to view the entire creative process and enjoy the result for months afterwards .
The surface of a sand sculpture is protected against the rain and wind , and the use of building sand makes the sculpture robust .
If you are a festival then you may like a demonstration sand sculpture , or for something more impressive and robust ; an exhibition sand sculpture .
Have a go yourself with a sand sculpture workshop or corporate teambuilding activity .
For something smaller and more affordable consider a tabletop sand sculpture .
We Recommend :
Chicago 's South Side resembles the quake - ravaged country of Haiti , Fox News host Bill O'Reilly says .
Speaking on his " Bold and Fresh " tour with equally bombastic host Glenn Beck , O'Reilly made the argument that Obama could n't possibly help Haiti if he can't help Chicago 's oft - troubled southern neighborhoods .
” If you 've ever been to the South Side of Chicago , I mean , it 's a disaster .
Alright ? " said O'Reilly .
" It 's like Haiti .
It 's like -- I 've been to Haiti a couple times , and I support some charities there , but Haiti just never gets better no matter how much money you put in there because they do n't have a system . ”
Watch the exchange below .
Questia , a part of Gale , Cengage Learning .
www.questia.com
Publication information : Book title : Of Arms and Men: A History of War , Weapons , and Aggression .
Contributors : Robert L. O'Connell - Author .
Publisher : Oxford University Press .
Place of publication : New York .
Publication year : 1989 .
Page number : i .
This material is protected by copyright and , with the exception of fair use , may not be further copied , distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means .
By Jody Bourton
Earth News reporter
A head start when it comes to eyesight
Why do hammerhead sharks have such a famously strange - shaped head ?
One hypothesis is that having eyes on either side of such a wide ' hammer ' allows the sharks to see better .
But even this idea divides scientific opinion , as researchers argue over whether the hammerhead design makes it more or less difficult to see .
The mystery may now be solved by a study showing that a hammerhead gives sharks outstanding binocular vision and an ability to see through 360 degrees .
The finding is published in the Journal of Experimental Biology .
This question has persisted since hammerheads were first described over 200 years ago
Dr Michelle McComb
Florida Atlantic University , Boca Raton , US .
Debate over why hammerheads are shaped as they are goes back centuries , and arguments over their visual capabilities goes back decades , says Dr Michelle McComb from Florida Atlantic University in Boca Raton , Florida , US .
For example , in 1948 , zoologist Gordon Walls , a leading authority on vertebrate eye evolution , suggested that the position of a hammerhead shark 's eye precluded it from having binocular vision .
Yet in 1984 , leading shark expert Leonard Campagno countered by suggesting that the distance between a hammerhead 's eyes would actually give it excellent binocular vision .
Binocular vision occurs when the fields of two eyes overlap , allowing the accurate perception of depth and distance .
It is especially important for predators which need to judge the distance to their prey .
However , despite its apparent importance , " frontal vision in hammerhead sharks has been speculated about for decades but never tested , " says Dr McComb .
Shining a light
So she and colleagues Professor Timothy Tricas from the University of Hawaii in Manoa , US and Stephen Kajiura , also from Florida Atlantic University , decided to do exactly that .
They placed a variety of shark species , each with a different shaped head , into an aquarium tank .
BIG HEAD IDEAS
It has been suggested that a hammer - shaped head :
Aids swimming by producing hydrodynamic lift Improves smell by increasing the distance between nostrils Increases a shark 's electroreception by increasing the amount of receptors it can carry Produces better vision
They then placed sensors on the shark 's skin to measure its brain activity , specifically testing whether the animal would react to beams of light shone from different locations around the tank .
By doing so , they could measure each shark 's field of vision .
" This study confirmed that hammerhead sharks have anterior binocular vision , " says Dr McComb .
That means they can see directly ahead while swimming and can accurately judge distance , particularly to any prey they hunt .
What 's more , the researchers show that the degree of overlap between the two eyes increases with head width .
In sharks with a usual head , such as the lemon shark ( Negaprion brevirostris ) , the field of vision of each eye overlaps by just 10 degrees .
Scalloped hammerheads ( Sphyrna lewini ) have a relatively wide head , and their eyes overlap by 32 degrees .
However , the eyes of a winghead shark ( Eusphyra blochii ) , which Dr McComb describes as a ' swimming boomerang ' because its head width is almost half its body length , overlap by 48 degrees .
" As the hammerhead head has expanded , the degree of binocular overlap has increased with it , " Dr McComb explains .
Eye opener
The results surprised the researchers .
" I believed hammerheads would not have binocular vision , because their eyes were pointing out on the sides of the head , " admits Dr McComb .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" However , it turns out that the positioning of the eyes was really the key . "
The eyes of hammerhead sharks are tilted slightly forward , she says , allowing the field of vision of each to significantly overlap .
" This study has confirmed that vision may have played a role in the evolution of one of the ocean 's most bizarre inhabitants , " Dr McComb says .
" This has been a scientific question which has persisted since hammerheads were first described over 200 years ago . "
Added benefit
The shape of the hammerhead brings further benefits , the researchers discovered .
By moving their head sideways as they swim , the sharks can see much of what is behind them .
More extraordinary is that the position of the eyes allows the sharks to see through 360 degrees in the vertical plane , meaning the animals can see above and below them at all times .
As well as improving their ability to catch prey , " this may be beneficial to smaller sharks that are potential prey to larger sharks , " says Dr McComb .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I know I 'm way behind on this , but if you have n't
God 's Biblical Truth - Like it or not !
Pastors Feelgood like to cherry - pick verses to make you feel good , or " interpret " the Bible to say what you want to hear .
Their hope ?
That you 'll come to more services and donate more dollars to their churches !
Is n't God 's Truth more important ?
Here , the " Feelgood Bible " is exposed for what it is : Lies of the Devil , steering us from God !
Conservatives have had it with President Barack Obama — in the latest Gallup poll , he earned just a 23 percent approval rating from Republican voters .
Liberal Democrats , meanwhile , have the president ’s back , awarding him an 88 percent backing .
But liberal support — at least for the president ’s chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel — seems to be waning .
And Emanuel seems to be slapping back .
ADVERTISEMENT
According to a report Tuesday in the Wall Street Journal , Emanuel told a liberal strategy group in August that a plan to run advertisements against conservative Democrats who were “ balking at Mr. Obama ’s health - care overhaul ” was grossly unwise .
“ F—ing retarded , ” Mr. Emanuel scolded the group , according to participants cited by the paper .
“ He warned them not to alienate lawmakers whose votes would be needed on health care and other top legislative items , ” the reporter said .
Cenk Uygur , a liberal talk - radio host , calls Mr. Emanuel “ Barack Obama ’s Dick Cheney . ”
One group has run ads against Mr. Emanuel in his hometown of Chicago .
And Jane Hamsher , a prominent liberal blogger , is going after Mr. Emanuel ’s service — 10 years ago — on the board of housing - finance giant Freddie Mac .
For the president , Mr. Emanuel is a useful foil , playing a role akin to that of James Baker , who absorbed attacks from unhappy conservatives while chief of staff to Ronald Reagan .
Mr. Emanuel is a centrist cut from the Bill Clinton mold , and his presence is useful as the president tries to cut deals with centrists and conservatives .
After a recent meeting between the White House and civil liberties critics — among them , the American Civil Liberties Union — the ACLU ’s executive director said he ’d grown suspicious of Emanuel .
ACLU director Anthony Romero said he believed Emanuel was more focused on politics than policy .
ADVERTISEMENT
Romero asserted that he ’d seen a shift since Emanuel became “ consigliere at the White House , ” where he believes he ’s focused “ less on the policy outcomes and more on maintaining a Democratic agenda that will keep the party in power . ”
“ Everyone seems to be waiting around for the Chicago street brawler Rahm , because the one that showed up in the White House has little apparent fight in him , ” Markos Moulitsas of Daily Kos remarked .
“ Sure , he ’s quick to attack progressives when they criticize Obama or put legislative pressure on him from the left , but he ’s far too quick and happy to accommodate the Democratic Party ’s corporatist wing . ”
Ire at Emanuel has come so far that even a liberal blogger has teamed up with tax - hater and conservative darling Grover Norquist to call for a federal probe into his activities while at Freddie Mac .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We write to demand an immediate investigation into the activities of White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , ” blogger Jane Hamsher and Norquist wrote .
“ We believe there is an abundant public record which establishes that the actions of the White House have blocked any investigation into his activities while on the board of Freddie Mac from 2000 - 2001 , and facilitated the cover up of potential malfeasance until the 10 - year statute of limitations has run out .
“ The purpose of this letter is to connect the dots to establish both the conduct of Mr. Emanuel and those working with him to thwart inquiry , and to support your acting speedily so that the statute of limitations does not run out before the Justice Department is able to empanel a grand jury . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Emanuel ’s supporters , meanwhile , argue that he ’s just being politically pragmatic in an effort to pass the president ’s priorities .
“ Rahm ’s approach , like the president , is not ideological .
It ’s practical , ” Bruce Reed , chief executive of the centrist Democratic Leadership Council , told the Journal .
“ The administration ’s strategy has been to pass health - care reform , not die trying . ”
A Cambridge University developmental psychologist testified at a federal trial in San Francisco today that broad research has documented that children of same - sex parents are just as likely as those of heterosexual parents to be well - adjusted .
" Studies have found children do not require both a male and female parent , " testified Michael Lamb , who heads Cambridge 's Department of Social and Developmental Psychology .
Lamb was called by lawyers for two same - sex couples who are challenging Proposition 8 as a violation of federal constitutional guarantees of equal protection and due process .
Proposition 8 , approved by 52.3 % of voters in 2008 , amended the California constitution to ban same - sex marriage .
He said childhood adjustment is determined by the relationships parents have with children and their relationships to each other .
I 'm afraid that the government has not gone far enough in its efforts to protect our children .
It is not sufficient for the newly established Independent Safeguarding Authority to vet every adult who comes into regular contact with children outside the home .
As we know , most cases of child abuse occur within the extended family or at the hands of family friends .
Therefore the state needs to get inside the home to ensure absolute security for every child .
Fortunately , building on the pioneering all - round security work done by the government of Tony Blair , and by the Metropolitan police under Ian Blair , we can now implement an excellent proposal made some years ago by the political analyst Eric Blair .
Ahead of his time , he suggested that the state might install hidden round - the - clock monitoring cameras in every home to watch out for any signs of deviance and nip it in the bud .
He called them telescreens .
Yet child protection experts point out that telescreens would not cover all situations in which abuse could occur .
Therefore the Safeguarding Authority should really move to a system of in - brain chips for every adult who comes into contact with a child – including parents , all of whom are obviously a grave potential threat to their own children .
Linked to the National Identity Register , the Criminal Records Bureau , the world 's largest DNA database , the ContactPoint database , the National Pupil database , the Police National Computer , the files of MI5 and MI6 , and 17 other government databases , known and unknown , these constantly monitored in - brain chips would ensure that all British children could sleep safely in their beds , serene in the knowledge that the now consolidated Supreme Safeguarding Authority , headed by Lord Mandelson , was watching over them day and night .
Rock - a - bye baby , on the tree top /
When the wind blows , the cradle will rock /
When the bough breaks , the cradle wo n't fall / For the Safeguarding Authority will call /
To take mummy away .
No , even the satirical pen of a George Orwell ( born Eric Blair ) would wilt before this monstrous elephantiasis of the nanny state that New Labour bequeaths us in its 13th and almost certainly final year in power .
You might say that the protection of children from abuse is a bad example to choose , especially in a week when a nursery worker called Vanessa George has been found guilty of some particularly vile child abuse .
Surely nothing can be more important than to protect innocent children ?
But actually this is a fine example of the process by which good , humane intentions get translated into bad , bureaucratic answers .
What happened is this .
After the horrific case of the murder of two schoolgirls in Soham by the caretaker at another school , Ian Huntley , the government characteristically reacted to a media chorus of " something must be done ! " by setting up an inquiry .
Among other recommendations , that inquiry called for the establishment of a register of those working with children .
After detailed legislation was passed , and the new agency given the truly Orwellian title of Independent Safeguarding Authority , its bureaucrats came up with a perfectionist model that looked to vet up to 11.3 million people – one in four adults – most of whom would have to pay a registration fee of £ 64 in order to be cleared , including those who came into contact with children only once a month .
It was only when some prominent children 's writers , including Philip Pullman and two former children 's laureates , said they would stop doing readings in schools in protest : " Why , " asked Pullman , " should I pay £ 64 to a government agency to give me a little certificate to say that I 'm not a paedophile ? " – that the schools secretary ordered a review of the scope of the vetting .
As a result , the Independent Safeguarding Authority will now vet a mere 9 million or so people , at an estimated initial cost of some £ 170 m .
Thereafter , those bringing unvetted persons into regular contact with children will be subject to a fine of £ 5,000 .
Coming on top of the existing Criminal Records Bureau ( CRB ) checks , this is already having a chilling , deterrent effect .
Someone who runs a youth theatre group says it will be almost impossible to ensure that all her helpers are registered – and she could not afford the £ 5,000 fine .
Its likely efficacy is very questionable .
Vanessa George was CRB - checked .
It seems quite likely that she would have been ISA - cleared , too .
Ah , no , comes the riposte , this would be different because the ISA can use " soft intelligence " from the police .
But in that case this procedure , unlike the CRB checks , undermines the basic principle that someone is innocent until proved guilty .
The ISA reassures us on its website that anyone who may be barred will be told in advance and , " we will share with them all the information on which we rely " .
But I spotted a sentence in the original inquiry recommendation which said , " the police , as now , would be able to identify intelligence which on no account should be disclosed to the applicant " .
When I asked the ISA press spokesman about this , he conceded that chief police officers " would have discretion " .
So actually the website lied : people would n't necessarily be given all the information ?
Er , yes .
And you would n't know what you would n't know ?
Er ... could I send him an email .
In response to my email asking what information would be withheld under what circumstances , he emailed back " this question is for the police to answer " .
When I asked " who in which part of the police ? " he suggested I contact the Association of Chief Police Officers .
So much for this authority being " independent " .
And what if , on police intelligence grounds that I 'm not allowed to know , I 'm mistakenly barred by the ISA – that is , tarred as a paedophile ?
To whom do I appeal ?
Well , it turns out I can appeal only on a point of law or a finding of fact to the Administrative Appeals Chamber of the Upper Tribunal , located in Chichester Rents , Chancery Lane .
Now if I had lots of spare time and lots of money to pay good lawyers I could probably , after some years , win my case , with the aid of the Human Rights Act and the European court of human rights .
But what a message to send to those who wish to volunteer to help our children .
As serious is what is the message this sends to the children themselves ?
Eileen Munro , a leading specialist on child protection at the London School of Economics , says : " People have become over - anxious and we have to remember the harm we are doing to children .
This is making them think the world is full of dangerous people . "
She suggests our recession - squeezed public money would be better spent on helping parents and teachers to educate children to make their own judgments about managing risk ; and on funding the excellent Childline helpline , for when parents and teachers fail .
I hope the next government will take her advice .
" Suffer the little children to come unto me , " said a suspicous - looking unofficial Jewish teacher .
Not in this country , mate .
Not till you pay your £ 64 and get your vetting clearance from the Safeguarding Authority .
This might be totally useless , but I wanted to join the league of people who use the Google chart API and the data dump to create pretty pictures .
So I took a look at the relative sizes of the " communities " on the site , i.e. the numbers of users who are active in certain tags , and also how much the communities overlap .
A user is considered a member of a tag 's community if they have at least three questions or answers in the tag .
Quality ( i.e. post scores ) does n't count ; this is solely about the number of users .
Examples :
Thoughts ?
Any three - combinations you 'd like to see ?
" The three C's " as per Koper 's request and the three ancients for Pollyanna :
You can see additional graphs as requested by other users below .
Note that this is several years old ( and I have long stopped updating this ) .
EDMONTON – An independent study suggests pollution from Alberta 's oilsands is nearly five times greater and twice as widespread as industry figures say .
The study says toxic emissions from the controversial industry are equal to a major oil spill occurring every year .
Government and industry officials say contamination in area soils and rivers is natural , but the report links it firmly to oilsands mining .
" We found rather massive inputs of toxic organic compounds by the oilsands industry to the Athabasca River and its tributaries , " said David Schindler , a co-author of the study .
" The major contribution to the river was from industry . "
The study , published Monday in the U.S. - based Proceedings of National Academy of Science , also takes direct aim at Alberta 's monitoring program .
" Our study confirms the serious defects of the ( regional aquatic monitoring program ) , " it says .
" More than 10 years of inconsistent sampling design , inadequate statistical power and monitoring - insensitive responses have missed major sources of ( contamination ) to the Athabasca watershed . "
The report is the latest to question official figures and point out the industry 's environmental costs – from acid rain to reduced songbird populations .
In the summer of 2008 , Schindler 's team set up monitoring stations on the Athabasca and several of its tributaries .
Some stations were upstream of both the oilsands and facilities , others were in the middle of the deposits but upstream of industry and still others were downstream of both .
It found petrochemical concentrations did not increase until the streams flowed past oilsands facilities , especially when they flowed past new construction .
" We always found that the major contribution to the river was from industry , " Schindler said .
Researchers also took snow samples from similar locations earlier that spring .
They found deposits of bitumen particulates within a 50 - kilometre radius around Suncor and Syncrude 's upgraders – twice the previous distance estimate .
The deposits were " substantial " and enough to form an oily slick on the snow when it was melted .
" The close association of deposition with proximity to the upgrading facilities suggests they are the primary source , " says the report .
In all , the study estimates about 34,000 tonnes of particulates are falling every year near Suncor 's and Syncrude 's facilities , which were designated as the centre of development .
Company figures total just over 6,000 tonnes .
The study calculates those particles carry 3.5 tonnes of raw bitumen and carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic compounds ( PAC ) .
" This amount of bitumen released in a pulse would be equivalent to a major oil spill , repeated annually , " the report says .
Schindler said the total concentration of pollutants , measured in parts per trillion , remains low in both soil and water , although there 's already enough to be toxic to some fish embryos .
He points out the compounds do n't break down and gradually accumulate wherever they land .
Health implications for downstream communities are uncertain , Schindler said .
Researchers were n't able to learn what happened as far downstream as Fort Chipewyan , where residents have long complained of high cancer rates .
However , the report 's main conclusion is clear .
" The oilsands industry is a far greater source of regional PAC contamination than previously realized ...
The existing ( regional aquatic monitoring program ) must be redesigned with more scientific and technical oversight . "
Schindler said nothing has changed in the province 's monitoring program since it was criticized in a 2004 review .
The study joins a growing pile of research on the industry 's environmental impact .
In October , another report said greenhouse gas emissions from the oilsands are being underestimated by nearly a quarter because official estimates do n't include carbon released from disturbed forests or peatlands .
Last December , one paper found up to 12 per cent of the province 's forest soils may be over their acid- carrying capacity , probably because of the oilsands .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
At about the same time , an environmental group used industry figures to suggest that 11 million litres of contaminated water a day was leaking from tailings ponds .
U.S. researchers have said oilsands mines , roads and other facilities in the area are destroying so much bird habitat that up to 166 million fewer songbirds could be flying North American skies within 50 years .
The Alberta government has disputed those findings .
Read more about :
Democrats seem impervious to embarrassment as they buy votes for ObamaCare , but their latest move makes even Nebraska 's Ben Nelson look cheap :
The 87 % of Americans who do n't belong to a union will now foot the bill for a $ 60 billion giveaway to those who do .
The Senate bill was financed in part by a 40 % excise tax on high - cost insurance coverage .
The White House backs this " Cadillac tax " as one of the few remaining cost - control tokens .
But Big Labor abhors the tax because union benefits tend to be far more generous than average , ...
In his statement this morning condemning Uganda ’s proposed criminalization of homosexuality , Rick Warren omitted some critical items .
While he condemned the proposed law in Uganda , and dissassociated himself from the anti-gay pastor Martin Ssempa , he neglected to address hateful homophobic rhetoric by other pastors with whom he continues to partner .
Last month , Ssempa told me he was mystified by Warren ’s cutting of ties with him , since they both hold “ similar biblical positions on homosexuality , ” as do other religious leaders in Uganda and in Rwanda , which is Warren ’s first “ purpose - driven nation . ”
A law criminalizing homosexuality ( although with lighter sentences than in the proposed Ugandan law ) has been proposed in Rwanda .
There , the Archbishop Emmanuel Kolini , head of the Province of the Anglican Church of Rwanda , has said , “ Even when the government decides to legalise homosexuality our church will not accept it its totally illegal and un- Godly . ”
Kolini serves on the Steering Committee for Warren ’s Purpose Driven / P.E.A.C.E.
Plan in Rwanda , and works on HIV / AIDS issues .
In 2003 , Kolini said in an interview , “ the Bible carefully sexual sin comes from within and if I reflect carefully it has more consequences than any other sin – there is venereal disease gonorrhea , and now there is HIV / AIDS .
There are very serious consequences to sexual sin we cannot ignore .
God has been warning people over and over and over . ”
Kolini has split from the Anglican Communion over ordination of LGBT clergy , and has advocated fighting homosexuality within the Communion , along with other Africans like Peter Akinola of Nigeria , whom Warren has also praised .
Akinola called the consecration of Episcopal bishop Gene Robinson “ a satanic attack on the church of God . ”
In 2007 , Kolini told the New Times that homosexuality was tantamount to genocide .
It ’s difficult to think of a more incendiary statement for Warren ’s point man for his P.E.A.C.E. Plan in Rwanda , which is supposed to “ promote reconciliation ” and “ equip leaders . ”
The proposed criminalization laws are a manifestation of this homophobia .
Even without criminalization laws , LGBT people suffer discrimination and violence , including the verbal violence of religious leaders that Warren continues to promote .
In a way , you can understand Ssempa ’s bewilderment : why is he cut off , but not Akinola or Kolini ?
Warren ’s belated condemnation of the proposed law is surely welcome , but should hardly end questions over his role in the cultural and religious climate of homophobia on the continent and around the world .
Over the past year , the advisers who have made the transition to the White House  including Rahm Emanuel , the chief of staff , and David Axelrod , the senior adviser who heads communications strategy  have argued that what worked in the campaign works equally well for governing .
So they dismissed , for example , the concerns that Mr. Obama was “ dithering ” over the decision to send tens of thousands of additional troops to Afghanistan .
Or that he was insufficiently forceful in getting Congress to pass health care , on his terms , before the summer recess or before the Christmas break .
That same attitude permeated last night ’s State of the Union address .
It dripped from his warning to his own party that “ we still have the largest majority in decades , and the people expect us to solve some problems , not run for the hills . ”
It was the central theme of his message on health care , where he argued that the problem was not the initiative itself , but his own failures in communicating its virtues .
“ As temperatures cool , ” he said , making an assumption that they would cool , “ I want everyone to take another look at the plan we ’ve proposed . ”
He repeated his challenge that if anyone else in the political spectrum had a better way to bring down premiums and cover the uninsured , “ let me know . ”
This was not a Clintonian effort to triangulate .
It was rooted in Mr. Obama ’s certainty that over time , pragmatism would overcome politics .
But as the midterm elections approach , there is little reason to expect that that the partisan divide will narrow .
So the gamble underlying Mr. Obama ’s speech seems to be that he can muddle through the November elections with perhaps 20 or 30 lost seats in the House , and a handful in the Senate , and avoid the kind of rout that led Mr. Clinton to declare the end of the big government era .
( Of course , it did not end  under Mr. Clinton ’s successor , George W. Bush , the size of the federal government mushroomed , as did the deficit , a point Mr. Obama alluded to several times . )
To Mr. Obama ’s rivals on the right , the president ’s unwillingness to move at all from his agenda creates his vulnerability .
“ Perhaps the most striking aspect of last night ’s speech , ” wrote Peter Wehner , a former political strategist for President Bush and an aide to Karl Rove wrote in Politics Daily , “ was that Obama spoke as if the last year had n’t happened ; as if he had not been president ; and as if Congress had not been controlled by Democrats .
He sought to portray himself as an outsider and reformer , an antidote to cynicism , and a postpartisan , unifying force . ”
In fact , that is exactly what he attempted , much as he did in the campaign .
So what has changed ?
The protesters , led by born - again clerics , cultural leaders , and university undergraduates , marched to the parliament where they presented a petition .
The bill - introduced by parliamentarian David Bahati - would see gay men and lesbians sentenced to life imprisonment for having sex , and a death sentence for sex with minors .
Anyone failing to report a homosexual act committed by others would face up to three years in jail .
Despite some local opposition and international outrage to the proposed law , the Ugandan government seems determined to push it through .
In a letter to Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni , the general secretary of the Geneva - based World Council of Churches , Samuel Kobia , said he was ' saddened and distressed to receive the news from Uganda regarding a proposed law against homosexual individuals . '
As the demonstrators were marching to parliament , Ethics and Integrity Minister James Nsaba Buturo told a news conference that foreigners were promoting opposition to the anti-gay bill .
Just about every screenshot of htop looks something like this .
I do n’t mean that ’s a bad thing .
But do n’t forget that it can do this , too .
I remember playing with this a few years ago , and then conveniently forgetting about it until earlier this week when I was reminded that I had mistaken displayed threads for processes . 😳
In spite of that embarrassment , rediscovering the display settings was rather like finding money in the pocket of a coat I had n’t worn since last winter .
All of those options are available through the setup menu and are fairly easy to locate and adjust .
There are five or six color schemes , a dozen meters to display with two or three display styles apiece .
There ’s even the option to display threads as well as processes … 😳
Okay , I ’ll quit beating myself up over that .
Personally , I find a combination of meters to be preferable .
For example , a CPU graph with a CPU bar underneath it looks good to me .
And the uptime clock just has to be in giant LEDs .
It ’s just natural .
But play with that to suit your own tastes .
There ’s not much in the way of a “ conky for the console , ” but two or three of those displays crammed into a sliver of a screen setup … could be rather interesting . 😉
I recently discovered Incanter which looks really promising for statistical computing on the JVM .
Incanter is written in Clojure , a lisp like functional programming language for the JVM .
We have been using Scala , a hybrid OO / functional programming language for the JVM , in one of our applications but I have yet to find a robust statistics API for Scala .
We also use R in the same application .
It would be nice to stay within the JVM for statistical procedures rather than communicate between the JVM and an R session .
I wanted to investigate Incanter , but first I needed to wrap my head around Clojure .
Folding and nesting are common procedures in functional programming languages and in numerical methods .
Many algorithms follow the iterate and accumulate procedure that naturally maps to the folding and nesting paradigms .
Newton ’s Method for polynomial root finding follows this paradigm as do many optimization algorithms that converge on an extrema .
As an avid Mathematica enthusiast , I often used NestList to implement and visualize the steps of nesting algorithms , but I have n’t found the equivalent built into the libraries of any of the other three languages .
So , to dive in to Clojure and Incanter , I decided to implement the root finding in Clojure , Scala , and R for comparison .
First , we need a NestList equivalent .
Then , we can use the NestList function to implement the root finding algorithm which we ’ll test out on the trivial polynomial x ^2 - 5 which obviously has its root at ~±2.23606797749979 .
The root finding algorithm using NestList in Mathematica can be viewed here .
In Clojure , the implementation and usage is as follows :
( defn nestlist [ fn iv n ] ( take n ( iterate fn iv ) ) ) ( defn findroot [f df iv n ] ( nestlist #(- %1 (/ ( f %1 ) ( df % 1 ) ) ) ( double iv ) n ) )
user= > ( findroot #(- (* %1 %1 ) 5 ) #(* 2 %1 ) 1.0 20 ) ( 1.0 3.0 2.3333333333333335 2.238095238095238 2.2360688956433634 2.236067977499978 2.23606797749979 2.23606797749979 2.23606797749979 2.23606797749979 )
The iterate function is exactly what I was looking for .
The lazy evaluation of the sequence makes it easy to work with and the definition of the nestlist function is just syntactic sugar on the iterate function .
In Scala , the implementation of nestlist uses the foldLeft function and accumulates its results
def nestlist ( f :( Double ) => Double , iv : Double , n : Int ) : List [ Double ] ={ ( 0 until n).foldLeft( List( f( iv ) ) ) ( ( xs , i ) => xs ++ List ( f( xs.head ) ) ) } def findroot ( f :( Double ) = > Double , df : ( Double ) => Double , iv: Double , n: Int ) : List [ Double ] ={ nestlist ( ( x ) => x - f (x ) / df( x ) , iv, n ) }
The accumulating list is a bit awkward .
I ’m sure there are cleaner methods for implementing nestlist in Scala .
Usage of the method :
findroot (( x ) =>x * x - 5, ( x ) =>2*x,1,10 ) res1 : List [ Double ] = List ( 3.0 , 2.3333333333333335 , 2.238095238095238 , 2.2360688956433634 , 2.236067977499978 , 2.23606797749979 , 2.23606797749979 , 2.23606797749979 , 2.23606797749979 , 2.23606797749979 , 2.23606797749979 )
In R , I had to resort to a very non -FP for loop .
I looked at the apply family of functions and replicate but could n’t come up with a good algorithm quickly so here is the result .
nestlist=function(f , iv , n ) { acc=as.vector( iv ) for(e in 1:n ) acc=append ( acc , f( acc[ e ] ) ) acc } findroot=function (f , df , iv , n ) nestlist ( function ( x ) x - f( x ) / df( x ) , iv , n )
And its usage :
> findroot ( function ( x ) x ^2 - 5 , function ( x ) 2*x , 1 , 10 ) [ 1 ]
1.000000 3.000000 2.333333 2.238095 2.236069 2.236068 2.236068 2.236068 [ 9 ]
2.236068 2.236068 2.236068
Next steps are to start playing around with Incanter and implement some statistical procedures that utilize the root finding algorithm .
Share this post : Follow CCRi :
“ Never again will the American taxpayer be held hostage by a bank that is too big to fail .
If these folks want a fight , it ’s a fight I ’m ready to have . ”
Barack Obama last week announced his plan to curb the excesses of the big banks with fighting talk that millions have been waiting a year to hear .
Obama is proposing the so - called “ Volcker rule ” – named after Treasury adviser and previous Federal Reserve boss Paul Volcker .
It stipulates that banks holding deposits that are underwritten by the government cannot run hedge funds or private equity arms to gamble on the markets .
Obama also says he wants to limit the overall size of banks .
The proposed reforms have shaken the markets and provoked fury among bankers .
Meanwhile governments in France , Germany and Britain have praised them .
The Tories have backed Obama .
Gordon Brown has been provoked into calling for a Tobin tax on financial speculation .
Obama ’s strong words chime with the huge anger that exists in the US at the continued wealth of bankers while ordinary people face acute economic pain .
Goldman Sachs is one of the banks that made money from the subprime mortgage market that precipitated the financial crisis in 2008 .
It handed out $ 16 billion in bonuses this month after raking in record profits .
Unemployed
This is a slap in the face to millions who are struggling to make ends meet .
Over 15 million US workers are officially unemployed , but the real figure is nearly double that .
Government figures do n’t include those who work part - time because there are no fulltime jobs , or those who have given up looking for jobs .
Three million Americans lost their homes last year and over 14 million children live below the poverty line .
For these people , and the millions more teetering on the brink of disaster , Obama is n’t delivering on his promises .
The only changes have been for the worse .
It is this anger that explains the catastrophic loss of the Massachusetts Senate seat earlier this month .
Teddy Kennedy held the seat for the Democrats for 46 years .
His defeat at the hands of Republican Scott Brown was a huge blow for the Democratic Party and Obama – and pushed him in a more radical direction .
The Republicans won Massachusetts on the back of a wave of populist protest .
The “ Tea Party ” activists take their name from the Boston Tea Party of 1773 that heralded the start of the American Revolution against the British .
They are right wing conservatives opposed to “ big government ” .
Their movement emerged last year with a series of protests against government spending .
Sarah Palin backs it , along with arch - reactionary “ shock jock ” Rush Limbaugh .
The right in the US has gained confidence and is getting organised .
This is not because Americans are right - wing .
It is because disillusionment with Obama has created a space for them to grow .
Economy
The Massachusetts vote showed this very clearly .
In a post-election poll last Tuesday , 95 percent of voters said the economy was important or very important in choosing who to vote for .
It showed that 18 percent of those who voted Obama last year now supported Brown .
They changed sides because Obama had not gone far enough .
A majority agreed that “ Democratic policies were doing more to help Wall Street than Main Street ” .
82 percent said they would prefer the government , not private companies , to provide health insurance .
Of those who voted for Obama in the presidential election but stayed at home for the Senate vote , 86 percent supported government - funded health care .
Many voted Republican because they wanted a more radical government .
In the absence of a strong left , the right benefited .
Obama ’s statement on the banks is an attempt to respond to this .
It is also a political manoeuvre .
Obama knows that now the Democrats have lost their super - majority in the Senate , his banking bill will never be passed .
If it fails , he can blame the Republicans .
The banks will fight to protect themselves .
The “ revolving door ” policy between the US treasury and the banking sector will ensure the interests of the richest are protected .
Even if Obama could get reform through , it wo n’t prevent further instability .
The banking crisis was one aspect of a wider crisis that exposed the lack of profitability in other areas .
Financial regulation will not resurrect the US car firms or win back a single manufacturing job .
Meanwhile , the Obama administration will continue to push the costs of the bailout onto US workers and their families .
If you and your partner have your own cars , swap them every year - this forces them in to treating you as a new customers .
Click to expand ...
( CNN ) --
One of the five manufacturers supplying H1N1 vaccine to the United States is recalling hundreds of thousands of flu shots because they are n't as potent as they should be .
The French manufacturer Sanofi Pasteur is voluntarily recalling about 800,000 doses of vaccine meant for children between the ages of 6 months and 35 months .
The company and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention emphasized that the recall was not prompted by safety concerns , and that even though the vaccine is n't quite as potent as it's supposed to be , children who received it do n't have to be immunized again against H1N1 .
The CDC emphasized that there is no danger for any child who received this type of vaccine .
When asked what parents should do , CDC spokesman Tom Skinner said , " absolutely nothing . "
He said if children receive this vaccine , they will be fine .
Read more from the CDC
Sanofi Pasteur spokesman Len Lavenda said that the company 's test results found the recalled vaccine 's potency was 12 percent below the point where it should have been .
He added that the company has done studies in the past that showed " vaccine containing as little as half of the recommended dosage " still created the necessary immune response in children .
Lavenda said Sanofi Pasteur has never had this happen with a flu vaccine before , and the company is having all of its experts investigate the cause of this loss in potency .
Lavenda told CNN that it takes about three to four months to produce flu vaccine .
He said 85 percent of that time is spent on testing .
Learn more about H1N1
" In order for vaccine to move to next phase of production it [ the vaccine ] has to pass all tests and at the end , it has to pass another battery of tests before it can be shipped out , " Lavenda said .
The company also keeps samples of each batch of vaccine " to periodically test them to see if they stay within specification until expiration date . "
Four batches -- or lots -- of H1N1 vaccine in question were shipped in early November .
Lavenda said all four lots passed every test before they left the factory .
However , on December 7 , the company learned that all " four lots we tested failed , " according to the spokesman .
That 's when the company notified the CDC and the Food and Drug Administration , which asked them to retest the samples .
Results from the subsequent sample came in on Monday , according to Lavenda , who said it takes about a week to complete these tests .
According to Sanofi Pasteur , it is unclear how many doses of this particular vaccine are still in circulation .
This particular vaccine was targeted for infants and toddlers between the ages of 6 months and 35 months -- children who need to get two shots several weeks apart , but only get half of a regular dose each time .
The vaccine was shipped in 0.25 - milliliter pre-filled syringes , which contain half a dose of vaccine in each shot .
Children 3 years old and older would have been given a shot with a full dose .
According to the CDC 's vaccine recommendations , children younger than 9 years need to have two flu shots to be fully protected against the H1N1 virus .
The CDC's Skinner said there is scientific evidence that when there 's a slight drop in vaccine potency , the immune response is still sufficient .
" We 're very confident that children who received this vaccine are properly protected , provided that they get the second dose that is recommended , " Skinner said .
According to the CDC , this vaccine was distributed throughout the United States .
Doctors and providers are urged to check their vaccines and return any to Sanofi Pasteur if they come from the following lots :
• 0.25 mL pre-filled syringes , 10 - packs ( NDC .
49281-650-25 , sometimes coded as 49281-0650 - 25 ) : UT023DA , UT028DA , UT028CB .
• 0.25 mL pre-filled syringes , 25 - packs ( NDC .
49281-650-70 , sometimes coded as 49281-0650 -70 ) : UT030CA .
The vaccine was manufactured in Sanofi Pasteur 's Swiftwater , Pennsylvania , factory .
What happens if you give some TF2 mappers six months to make a map ?
What happens if that map is payload race or a resurrected Team Fortress Classic gamemode , Attack / Defend CTF ?
We decided to find out .
At the end , we had a whole sixteen amazing maps entered into the third annual TF2 Maps.
net contest , and now it 's your turn to decide which one is the best !
Play through as many of them as possible and head to our forums to give feedback and speak your opinion .
Voting opens November 14 .
When you have lost a loved one or have been disabled due to a serious personal injury , medical malpractice , or other tragedy , choosing an attorney can prove to be a daunting task .
You have to entrust this lawyer with the job of securing the compensation you need .
On top of that , you need to know this attorney will handle your case effectively while you try to adjust to a new life in the midst of a whirlwind of litigation .
I am Phoenix Arizona lawyer Stephen I. Leshner , a Board Certified Specialist in Medical Malpractice , Personal Injury and Wrongful Death Litigation .
I have more than 35 years of experience helping clients get through some of the most confusing , tumultuous and painful periods of their lives .
Throughout my career , I have handled nearly every type of personal injury case , from car accidents to medical malpractice to pharmaceutical liability and wrongful death .
As a result , I have been included in the prestigious Best Lawyers in America and selected for inclusion in Arizona Super Lawyers magazine .
I set the standard for quality and comprehensive attorney representation in Phoenix , AZ .
Devotion to Injured People in the Phoenix Area
At some Phoenix law firms , personal injury and medical malpractice are just small parts of their practices .
I devote 100 percent of my practice to these areas .
With this narrow focus , I can remain on top of the laws and develop new and creative methods to handling these cases .
My Approach to Medical Malpractice , Personal Injury , and Other Cases
I generally take on about two cases per month because it allows me to devote my full , one - on - one attention to each client .
In fact , I only accept cases when I feel confident that I can secure compensation for clients and have settled personal injury and medical malpractice cases that other lawyers had deemed impossible .
My approach and my commitment to clients have earned me many accolades over the years .
I am rated AV Preeminent * by my peers and have been inducted into the prestigious American Board of Trial Advocates .
I served as president of the Arizona Trial Lawyers Association .
I have been named to the Arizona Super Lawyers ’ list numerous times , as well as listed in The Best Lawyers in America , Who ’s Who in America and Who ’s Who in American Law .
But none of this is as important as the words of my past clients .
I invite you to read what they have to say and decide for yourself if I am the right attorney for you .
Contact us today for a Free Initial Consultation
If you have been injured in the Phoenix metro area of Arizona , please contact me online or call 602 266-9000 to schedule a case evaluation .
From medical malpractice to personal injury and wrongful death , I can help you through any tragedy or problem .
When my clients call the firm , I am usually directly available to address their questions or concerns .
If I am unavailable , I call back as soon as I possibly can .
* AV Preeminent and BV Distinguished are certification marks of Reed Elsevier Properties Inc. , used in accordance with the Martindale - Hubbell certification procedures , standards and policies .
Martindale - Hubbell is the facilitator of a peer review rating process .
Ratings reflect the confidential opinions of members of the Bar and the judiciary .
Martindale - Hubbell ratings fall into two categories – legal ability and general ethical standards .
I thought it might – just might – be a parody , a spoof , a weak attempt at irony .
But no , it turns out that Nick Gillespie , the former editor of Reason magazine , and now chief honcho over at something called " ReasonTV , " is absolutely and incredibly serious about his contention that We Never Had It So Good .
And why , pray tell , are we supposedly so blessed ?
Well , it seems that nerdy geeky - looking white kids now have some really really cool computer games to play , while their parents make the rounds looking for work during the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression .
And – hey look !
– we have Netflix , not to mention all those hundreds of new television stations : the vast wasteland has assumed continental proportions .
Hurrah !
And computers are here , they ’re inexpensive , and the government can spy on us oh so much more efficiently now than ever before .
Is n’t progress wonderful ?
I ’m sure Dr. Pangloss would agree .
There ’s something more than just a little off over at Reason magazine , these days , and in the libertarian movement more generally , when a former editor and self - proclaimed " libertarian " can even try to pull off this Pollyanna routine with a straight face .
After all , the past few years have seen the worst assault on our civil liberties since the passage of the Alien and Sedition Act .
The US government can now " legally " read our emails , spy on our finances , and jail us indefinitely without a trial , without even filing charges and without telling anyone .
A veil of secrecy hides what our rulers are up to , and things have gotten worse not better under Obama .
On the home front , the term " big government " seems a redundancy , as Washington centralizes , consolidates , and expands its power over every aspect of our lives .
On the overseas front , the reach and destructive energy of the World ’s Sole Superpower shows every sign of increasing beyond the dreams of Napoleon and Alexander combined .
To top it all off , we are staring economic collapse in the face , as the world economy reels , the dollar declines , and close to 15 percent of US mortgages are either in foreclosure or well on the way .
Meanwhile , the balance of wealth is shifting away from the productive private sector , and towards the tax - eaters , bureaucrats , and lobbyists .
Crony capitalism reigns supreme .
This is cause for celebration if you fit into any of these three categories , but for the rest of us – especially for libertarians – it ’s an unmitigated disaster .
Oh , but our life spans are increasing , according to this Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm video .
Which means we have that much longer to watch the world succumb to demagoguery , state - worship , militarism , and perpetual war .
Oh , goodie !
What a glorious prospect that is !
What world is Señor Gillespie living in ?
The short answer is : the wonderful world of Washington , D.C.
It ’s easy to see how an inhabitant of that city might get such a counterintuitive idea in his head .
The place is jumpin ’ ever since Obama took office , and no wonder , what with the pay of government " workers " going through the roof even as the real earnings of Americans stay the same or decline .
Real estate markets all over the country are unceremoniously collapsing – except those close to the Imperial City and its suburbs , where housing prices are up .
Everyone who ’s anyone wants to be near the epicenter of power .
The American meritocracy has gone into reverse , and the very worst are rising to the top .
While the rest of the American economy is imploding , the armaments industry is booming as never before .
Monsters are heroes , and heroes – nonexistent ( not counting Ron Paul ) .
America , once a beacon of liberty to the world , is a sinister looming presence , whose machinations are widely distrusted and feared .
The old gods are overthrown , and Ares is enthroned on Olympus , where he ’s commandeered Zeus ’s thunderbolts and taken to hurling them at Washington ’s direction any which way , without regard for either morality or the real national interests of the United States .
This country has gone through bad times before , and yet there was always a core of resilience , a solid cultural basis on which to rebuild and revive our flagging fortunes .
This time , however , there is a general atmosphere of cultural rottenness that stinks to high heaven and infects the very air with its pustulence .
The rot is epitomized by the Gillespie video , in which material things are glorified above all else : life is all about having a better video game .
All the better to lose oneself in fantasy while the world descends into a new age of moral barbarism , and culture becomes massified , vulgarized , and narcoticized .
The state of our culture reminds me of Alexandre Kojève ‘s description of the human condition after " the end of history " comes to pass :
" Men would construct their edifices and works of art as birds build their nests and spiders spin their webs , would perform concerts after the fashion of frogs and cicadas , would play like young animals , and would indulge in love like adult beasts . "
Such creatures are easily herded , tyrannized , and turned into " human " cattle .
Indeed , Kojève ’s prediction that human discourse would soon come to sound like " the buzzing of bees " has already come true , as anyone who pays attention to the emanations of the nation ’s leading pundits can attest .
Once the modern hive - mind has settled on an idée fixe – say , Iraq ’s " weapons of mass destruction , " or the inevitability of Hillary Clinton – the " buzz " drowns out all contrarian opinions , along with reason and common sense .
Politically and culturally , we have two classes that are increasingly in conflict : the common ordinary hoi polloi ( e.g. you and I ) , who are increasingly discontent , disoriented , and dissenting from the Panglossian " you never had it so good " propaganda that ’s beamed at us day in and day out – and , on the other hand , the elites , who really never did have it so good , living , as they do , in the lap of government - subsidized and bailed - out luxury .
The American nomenklatura is every bit as corrupt as was its Soviet equivalent , except that , in our case , the sheer scale of the corruption is much greater , as there ’s more wealth to loot , more power to seize .
This combination – a venal , vile ruling class , and a volcanically angry middle and lower class majority – is an explosive one , and it ’s only a matter of time before some random spark ignites a firestorm .
Our condition represents not only a threat to the US , but to the world at large , because we are , after all , a world - spanning empire .
The seismic forces that are rocking our world are already reverberating internationally , playing havoc with the fate of nations .
War is the favorite diversion of rulers who seek to draw attention away from troubles at home and re-direct it toward imaginary " enemies " abroad , and this familiar scenario is playing itself out once again – ironically , but unsurprisingly , during the presidency of a man who masqueraded as the " peace " candidate and an agent of " change . "
Yes , " change " is surely in the air , but decline , too , is change .
So get out those video games , turn on the television , and contemplate the prospect of a long and vacuous existence – because you ’re going to need all the diversions you can get .
We are in the midst of – or , really , at the doorstep of – one of the most volatile , and potentially destructive periods in our history as a nation .
That anyone can even think of peddling some Panglossian vision of unlimited " progress " and smug complacency at such a moment is proof positive that no idea is so absurd that it cannot inspire adherents .
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
I see that Reason magazine managing editor Jesse Walker has written and posted an interesting piece , " Five Reasons for Optimism , " which – unlike Gillespie ’s Netflix commercial – actually makes a substantial argument for long - term optimism , while acknowledging that the past decade has been a disaster .
Go check it out .
A reminder : I ’m still writing daily commentary over at The Hill , Capitol Hill ’s newspaper of record .
The last one , in response to the question " How would you grade Obama ’s presidency ? " , provoked a lot of comments : go check it out .
And here ‘s more .
Apple reportedly is in talks with Microsoft to make Bing the default search engine on the iPhone 's Safari Web browser , according to Business Week .
The idea may sound surprising , but it shows how deep the ongoing battle between Google and Apple ( which started after the Google Voice iPhone application was barred entry into the iTunes App Store ) has become .
But would Apple be hurting itself by forcing the less popular Bing on its customers , and exactly how far would an Apple - Microsoft deal go ?
Here are the 5 questions that come to mind :
First Bing search , but what 's next ?
The iPhone does n't just use Google as the default search engine for its browser , but also comes with default applications for Google services such as YouTube and Google Maps .
Microsoft would be hard pressed to come up with a competitor to YouTube since it recently shut down its Soapbox video site , but Maps is another matter .
Last month , Microsoft launched improvements to Bing Maps including Streetside , which is similar to Google Street View , as well as extra layers of data like weather , Wikipedia entries and " applications " for traffic and local information .
If Apple is doing a search deal with Microsoft , could it mean a deal for Maps and other services as well ?
Does this mean Silverlight is coming to the iPhone ?
If , and this is a big if , Microsoft and Apple really do a deal for anything beyond search on the iPhone , that may be the final nail in the coffin for Adobe Flash on the iPhone .
You can bet that Microsoft would n't mind using talks with Apple to try and push Silverlight 's competitor for video animation off of Apple 's radar .
Since Apple 's disdain for Flash is well known , would Jobs & Company be willing to go that far with Microsoft ?
Does this really hurt Google ?
In the short term , Google might feel some minor financial pain from not being the default search engine on the iPhone .
AdMob , a mobile advertising network that Google recently offered to buy for $ 750 million in stock , routinely says the iPhone and iPod Touch are the two leading devices for U.S. - based mobile search queries .
So unless iPhone and iPod Touch users manually switch their browser 's default search engine back to Google , the search giant will probably lose some ground in mobile searches .
However , even though many predict a big future for Internet - capable mobile devices , the fact is the vast majority of Google 's search traffic still comes from desktop and laptop PCs .
Also , the iPhone and iPod Touch may be popular now , but Google is moving aggressively into the mobile space with an ever - expanding list of devices running the company 's Android platform .
AdMob recently said worldwide requests from Android devices grew by 97 percent between October and December of last year , with over one billion ad requests from Android devices just in December 2009 .
Search queries from Apple devices were still greater during that time , but it 's clear Android is gaining some serious ground in the mobile device market .
What does this mean for iPhone and iPod Touch users ?
If the deal goes through , then iPhone and iPod Touch users will actually have greater choice when it comes to in - browser search engines .
Right now , Safari in the iPhone only offers Google and Yahoo , so adding Bing , the third - most popular search engine , may have been a foregone conclusion anyway .
Besides , if you 're not satisfied with Bing , you can manually switch back to Google anyway .
The biggest difference would be if Apple 's talks with Microsoft go beyond search and reach into some of the iPhone 's standard applications .
If you 're a Google user , but you could n't be bothered to switch your browser 's search engine , another alternative would be to rely on Google 's iPhone app -- Bing recently launched an iPhone app as well .
What 's Apple 's Game Plan Here ?
There may be more to Apple 's plans than just trying to stick it to Google .
Business
Week is reporting that Apple has an ongoing " skunk works " project looking at building its own search engine .
So Apple may be using Microsoft to slow down Google , while Cupertino develops its own Google - killer .
As one anonymous source told Business Week , " Apple and Google know the other is their primary enemy . . .
Microsoft is now a pawn in that battle . "
Microsoft is being used as a pawn ?
Now that 's something you do n't hear every day .
Connect with Ian on Twitter ( @ianpaul ) .
Timothy D. Morgan has published an excellent paper describing
How UI limitations hinder adoption of HTTP based authentication
How UI behaviors are / can be abused pertaining to HTTP auth
Observations on Cookie limitations
Proposals for browser vendors to allow for more widescale adoption of HTTP based auth such as digest
From the paper
" In this paper , we compare the security weaknesses and usability limitations of both cookie based session management and HTTP digest authentication ; demonstrating how digest authentication is clearly the more secure system in practice .
We propose several small changes in browser behavior and HTTP standards that will make HTTP authentication schemes , such as digest authentication , a viable option in future application development . "
One of the better papers I 've read in a long time and certainly worth checking out if you consider yourself an HTTP haxor .
Paper : http://www.vsecurity.com/download/papers/WeaningTheWebOffOfSessionCookies.pdf
The main prison in Port - au - Prince emptied after the earthquake last week .
Those inmates who were n’t killed were free to walk through the rubble , into the heart of the city .
And an estimated 4,000 of them did just that .
Who were they ?
Were they among the machete - wielding pillagers who made their way along the Boulevard Jean - Jacques Dessalines on Saturday afternoon ?
( The account in The Times , “ Looting Flares Where Authority Breaks Down , ” said no one could answer with certainty . )
Did their numbers include political prisoners ?
In “ Disaster Imperialism in Haiti ” on MRZine , a Socialist Web site , Shirley Pate wrote : “ Who knows how many of the dead or escaped prisoners there were those who were incarcerated without cause over the course of the two years that followed Aristide ’s departure ? ”
Damon Winter ’s photographs answer none of these questions .
They do n’t mean to .
But they do begin to paint a picture of life inside a Haitian prison ; a picture that few people have ever seen before .
Coverage of the Earthquake on Lens
Wednesday , Jan. 13 : Behind the Scenes : There for the Quake .
Before Tuesday , Tequila Minsky was known in Lower Manhattan as an enterprising freelancer .
With her pictures from Haiti just after the quake , she engaged the world .
Wednesday , Jan. 13 : Essay : No End of Trouble .
Ever .
The photojournalist Maggie Steber has covered Haiti for more than 20 years .
As she prepared to depart for Port - au - Prince , she reflected on the country ’s recent history .
Friday , Jan. 15 : On Assignment : Prayers in the Dark .
Among Damon
Winter ’s first impressions after his arrival in Port - au - Prince was the sound of singing and praying through the night , punctuated by screams during tremors .
Saturday , Jan. 16 : From the Archive : Haiti , Alive .
Images of 20th - century Haiti from the archives of the National Geographic Society and The New York Times speak to the country ’s beauty and its seemingly unending misery .
Sunday , Jan. 17 : On Assignment : Where Is the Help ?
Damon
Winter is constantly being asked that question by the people of Haiti .
Powerless to answer , having seen only one food line in five days , he wonders the same thing himself .
Monday , Jan. 18 : On Assignment : Katrina Many Times Over. Michael Appleton , a veteran conflict photographer , sees less violence than during the 2004 coup , but says any comparison to Katrina must be magnified many , many times .
Tuesday , Jan. 19 : On Assignment : “ Silence and Submission . ” Ron Haviv of the VII agency has been to Haiti at least 15 times .
On arrival last week , he felt something new : the “ overwhelming power of silence and submission . ”
Wednesday , Jan. 20 : Behind the Scenes : A Doomed Classroom .
In 2009 , Peter Pereira photographed a school near Carrefour , Haiti .
The building was destroyed last week .
His pictures are now being used to benefit victims .
Thursday , Jan. 21 : Essay : A Culture in Jeopardy , Too .
In a personal reflection , Maggie Steber describes how Haiti ’s resilient people have begun rebounding after 10 days but how much more — its cultural identity — may be endangered .
Sen .
John McCain of Arizona is the most influential player in the Republican Party , according to a new Harris Poll out Thursday .
Sixty - four percent of the 2,276 adults surveyed nationwide said McCain is influential in steering the direction of the Republican Party , a 14 - percentage - point edge over his closest rivals : former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and radio host Rush Limbaugh , both of whom were rated as influential by 50 percent all of those polled .
Even among just the Republican polled , McCain ran away from the field , getting picked by 68 percent .
Only former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney was also picked as influential by at least 60 percent of Republicans .
Among just Republicans , former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin was selected as the third most influential , getting picked by 59 percent .
Gingrich placed fourth with 57 percent , while Limbaugh and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani tied for fifth with 56 percent .
Only 31 percent of Republicans polled said Michael Steele , the party 's national chairman , is influential within the GOP .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky is seen as influential to 48 percent of Republicans while House Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio was selected by 42 percent .
The Arizona Republic is a member of the Politico Network .
Land of the living dolls :
The generation who believe their bodies are the only passport to success
Aspiring night in the Mayhem nightclub in Southend .
About a dozen girls , all in tiny hotpants and towering wedge heels , with dark fake tans and shiny , straightened hair , made their way over to a group of men who were standing by a large , empty bed .
The men's job was to choose who should enter a Babes On The Bed competition .
Of the hundreds of women selected to pose on beds in nightclubs all over Britain for this contest , one would be given a modelling contract with Nuts magazine .
The feminine ideal ?
Big Brother winner Sophie Reade ( centre ) and former Playboy model Louise Glover
In this context , modelling means glamour modelling , the coy words for posing almost naked for men's magazines .
' I want to do it to make my mum proud , ' said one young woman , Lauren , in denim hotpants and tight , yellow crop top .
The girls got on the bed one by one , as Cara Brett , an established glamour model , took the microphone and began to direct them into more and more suggestive poses .
' Why not on all fours ?
Let 's get those off , ' she urged impatiently .
' If you 're going to be a winner , you 've got to show some skin . '
A plump young woman in mauve bra and knickers was one of the first to slip off her bra and jiggle her breasts at the cameras .
As the display became more sexual , the underwear unpeeling from the smooth skin of teenage women , the men in the club began to chant , heavily and fast , and to press nearer and nearer to the stage .
The men were using their phones to video and photograph the girls as they took off their clothes .
One girl , who was a bit too fleshy around the middle and not fleshy enough around the chest , came in for boos rather than cheers .
She looked tearful as she went back into the line .
Role model : Young women today are increasingly looking up to figures such as Katie Price , left , and Jordan
The shortlisting was done at top speed - only women who flashed their breasts or their thongs for the crowd were called back for the final four .
' Come on , ' said Cara impatiently , ' let 's show some skin , girls .
Let me help you out of these . '
She dragged the hotpants off one girl , showing her sequined thong .
The crowd erupted , and that girl was judged the winner .
As I saw for myself that evening in the Mayhem nightclub , and as one can see any night of the week in clubs up and down the UK , images that a previous generation often saw as degrading for women have now been taken up as playful and even aspirational .
For more than 200 years , feminists have been criticising the way that artificial images of feminine beauty are held up as the ideal to which women should aspire .
From Mary Wollstonecraft's A Vindication Of The Rights Of Woman in 1792 , to Naomi Wolf 's The Beauty Myth in 1991 , brilliant and angry women have demanded a change in these ideals .
Old school : Melinda Messenger , left , and Sam Fox , lead girls to believe the route to fortune is by glamour modelling
Yet far from fading away , these ideals have become more powerful than ever .
What 's more , throughout much of our society , the image of female perfection to which women are encouraged to aspire has become more and more defined by sexual allure .
Of course , wanting to be sexually attractive has always been and will always be a natural desire for men and women .
But in this generation , a certain view of female sexuality has become celebrated , and it's one defined by the terms of the sex industry .
The narrowing of what it means to be sexy - slender with large breasts on show - arises from the way that the sex industry has moved from the margins to the mainstream of our society .
This is thanks to the resurgence of glamour modelling ; to the sudden growth of lapdancing clubs in town centres ; from a new fashion for poledancing , to the popularity of memoirs of prostitution that suggest selling sex is a great way for a woman to earn her living ; and , above all , to the much greater presence of pornography in the lives of many young people , driven by the internet .
This highly sexualised culture is often positively celebrated as a sign of women 's liberation and empowerment .
It was indeed an aim of the women 's liberation movement of the 1970s that women should be released from conventional morality around sex , which had confined them to idealised chastity on the one hand or contemptible promiscuity on the other .
The fact that women can now be sexually active and experienced without being condemned is a direct result of that feminism - and all aspects of the current ' hypersexual ' culture are seen as proof of women 's growing freedom and power .
Glamour modelling is seen by many who participate in the industry as a marker not of persistent male sexism , but of women 's new confidence .
This equation of empowerment and liberation with sexual objectification is now seen everywhere , and is having a real effect on the ambitions of young women .
Ellie is an articulate , well - educated woman who went to private school and a good university , and was brought up to believe she could do anything in any profession - law , medicine , politics .
Pin up : Liz Hurley , pictured in 1994 , shot to fame with the help of a Versace dress that left little to the imagination
Instead , she decided she wanted to be an actor , but when jobs were hard to find and she found herself financially desperate , she took a sideways step in her 20s by going to work in a lapdancing club in London .
She did n't feel , at first , that it would be very difficult .
She told me she had picked up messages from our culture that lapdancing was pretty straightforward and even empowering for the women who do it .
' People say that , do n't they , ' she said .
' There 's this myth that women are expressing their sexuality freely in this way , and that as they can make lots of money out of it , it gives them power over the men who are paying . '
This was not what she found , however .
She was shocked to discover quite how demeaning and dehumanising she found the work .
In the situation of the club , women became more like dolls than people .
' You look like cartoons .
You give yourself a fake girly name , like a doll .
You 're encouraged to look like dolls .
No wonder the men do n't see you as people . '
Gavin Lloyd runs the PR for Mayhem club in Southend .
' Girls come in here every night wearing just their underwear , ' he explained to me .
' The sort of thing you might expect just to see in your bedroom on a special night once upon a time .
They 're all getting breast implants now - 18 - year - olds who a few years ago would be saving for their first car , they 're all saving for a boob job .
' I know six , seven girls who 've had it done in the past six months .
They all think it 'll be a route to their fortune .
For some girls it is - you look at Jordan or Melinda Messenger or Jodie Marsh .
That 's what they are all thinking of .
That 's where they 'd all like to be . '
In 2006 , a survey was carried out among teenage girls suggesting that more than half of them would consider being glamour models , and a third of them saw Jordan as a role model .
The growth of a culture in which so many women feel that their worth is measured by the size of their breasts rather than by any other possible yardstick arrived in the UK apparently out of nowhere .
Dave Read , head of Neon Management , the agency which employs glamour model Cara Brett - yes , she 's the one who shouted at those girls in Southend to take their clothes off - is clear that these young women are often fuelled more by desperation than liberation .
' There are so many girls coming through , ' he said with some honesty .
' They do n't have to look like a Pirelli calendar , it 's this girl - next - door thing - just a sexy girl who puts pictures of herself in her knickers online or in a magazine .
' You do n't even have to pay those girls .
You go to nightclubs in London like Chinawhite any night of the week and you see all these girls milling around , all desperate to bag a footballer and be a glamour model .
They come down to London on the strength of one shoot , with stars in their eyes , and they end up up to their ears in debt , pulling pints , lapdancing , prostitution ... you name it . '
The effect of these choices , when we look across society , is to reduce rather than increase women 's freedom .
Glamorising the sex industry : Billie Piper plays a prostitute in Secret Diary Of A Call Girl , the BBC show based on real life blog Belle de Jour
Many young women now seem to believe that sexual confidence is the only confidence worth having , and that sexual confidence can be gained only if a young woman is ready to conform to the soft - porn image of a tanned , waxed young girl with large breasts .
Whether sexual confidence can be found in other ways , and whether other kinds of confidence are worth seeking , are themes that this obsessively sexual culture does not seem able to address .
Feminists encouraged women to cease seeing a good woman 's life as defined through service to others , as it had been throughout the 19th century , and instead encouraged them to focus on their own desires and independence .
But that focus on independence and self - expression is now sold back to young women as the narrowest kind of self - objectification .
The belief that even young girls will want to ' express themselves ' through perfecting their appearance means that girls as young as eight or nine are being expected to devote energy to dieting , grooming and shopping .
American writer Joan Jacobs Brumberg is a historian who has looked at the diaries of young girls to see how the idea of self - improvement has changed over the years .
Priorities :
Young girls value makeup and weight - loss over becoming a better person or working hard
She says : ' Before World War I , girls rarely mentioned their bodies in terms of strategies for self - improvement , or struggles for personal identity .
Becoming a better person meant paying less attention to the self , giving more assistance to others , and putting more effort into instructive reading or lessons at school .
' In 1892 , an adolescent diarist wrote : " Resolved not to talk about myself or feelings .
To think before speaking .
To work seriously .
To be self restrained in conversation and actions .
Not to let my thoughts wander .
To be dignified .
Interest myself more in others . " '
A century later , Brumberg found a typical diary entry of contemporary girlhood : ' I will try to make myself better in any way I possibly can with the help of my budget and babysitting money .
I will lose weight , get new lenses , already got new haircut , good make - up , new clothes and accessories . '
Recent surveys have discovered that nearly three - quarters of adolescent girls are dissatisfied with their body shape and more than a third are dieting ; one study found that even among 11 - year - olds , one in five is trying to lose weight ; another study found that most six - year - olds would prefer to be thinner than they are .
The online social networking that forms an intrinsic part of almost all young women 's lives relies on careful self - presentation , and this often conforms to an aesthetic shaped by the semi- pornographic images they find elsewhere in their culture .
' They are all taking photographs of each other , ' one mother of a teenager said to me , ' and it 's so often a very sexual , provocative type of photography .
These 11 and 12 - year - old girls - all of a sudden they look like a 16 - year - old advertising herself for sex . '
If this early sexualisation of young women was all about their liberation , and they were in control of it , we would not see large numbers of women saying that they regretted their first sexual experiences .
But just as the number of girls having sex early has grown , so has the number of girls who look back with regret .
In a study carried out in 2000 , 80 per cent of girls who had sex aged 13 or 14 said they regretted it .
Since one in four girls has sex below the age of 16 , that 's a lot of regrets .
Emotion and sex have become divorced for young women , who see themselves solely in terms of their sexual appeal .
I talked to a group of teenage girls who summed up the view of sex that many young women now have .
' We were saying that one week we should go out and try to notch up as many lovers as we can , with the most variety possible - age , gender , jobs , backgrounds ... ' said Ruby .
' You know that bit in Sex And The City when Miranda got an STD and had to ring all the people she had ever slept with , and she was totting them up and could n't believe how many it was - I thought , that 's me one day , ' Bella said , smiling .
Far from feeling isolated by their desire to be promiscuous , these girls took heart from the way that the culture around them reflected and reinforced their behaviour .
They liked the sexually explicit world in which they moved .
In this universe , the woman who has won is the one who prioritises her physical perfection and silences any discomfort she may feel about doing that .
This objectified woman , so often celebrated as the wife or girlfriend of the heroic male rather than the heroine of her own life , is the living doll who has replaced the liberated woman who should be making her way into the 21st century .
And that is a tragedy .
Visit Equipped To Survive for comprehensive independent reviews of outdoor gear and survival equipment , as well as survival information .
When I was first employed by a government research organization some years ago , my supervisor , although bright , kind , and productive , was so committed that she regularly labored into the wee hours of the morning and on weekends .
She rarely took vacations .
No one who worked with her could keep up with the pace , certainly not me .
Typically , I would leave work at about 6 or 7 each evening after crossing off most of the items on my to - do list .
Invariably , when I returned the next morning before 8 , my in box was overflowing .
Lacking control over my workload , I felt stressed .
My productivity suffered , as did my morale .
Other employees became so dispirited and worn out that they left .
( These were days when jobs were abundant . )
Nonstop work -- without sufficient downtime for family , friends , and solitude -- violates the natural rhythms of life and nature .
My supervisor was a perfectionist : obsessive , competitive , extremely mission - driven , and excessively failure - aversive .
These traits made it difficult for her to set healthy boundaries between work and the rest of her life .
And those traits affected not just her life but also the lives of all the members of the team .
Smart phones , laptops , and ubiquitous Internet connections have compounded these tendencies in driven people , enabling them to work nonstop and to drive their subordinates to do the same .
The depressed economy has made things worse still , leading many workers -- the ones lucky enough to still have jobs -- feeling vulnerable to job loss and pressured to work harder .
A lot of people assume that the key to productivity is hard work , and of course hard work is essential .
But there are limits to how much work is useful .
Research suggests that working harder and longer does n't necessarily mean getting more done .
Lessons learned about time off
A 4 - year study by professor Leslie Perlow and research associate Jessica Porter , both of the Harvard Business School , published in the October issue of Harvard Business Review , demonstrates that time off can have a larger , positive effect on individual and organizational productivity than more hours on the job .
They looked at the effects of something they called " predictable time off " on employees of the Boston Consulting Group , an international consulting firm comprised of consultants , bankers , accountants , lawyers , and IT professionals .
During designated periods , even some periods of high work demand , employees were required to take time off .
In a first experiment , employees had to take at least one day off in the middle of the workweek ; they were n't given a choice , regardless of the pressures of their jobs .
In a second , less extreme experiment , employees were n't allowed to work past 6 p.m. on one night each week , and they were not allowed to check e-mail or voice mail on those evenings .
These " predictable time off " arrangements were in addition to any time off that occurred because of periods of light workloads , vacations , and personal leave .
Initially , the consultants and their supervisors were anxious and resisted the changes .
But the results of the study were overwhelmingly positive : greater job satisfaction , improved communication , greater trust and respect for colleagues , increased learning and self - development , better products for the firm 's clients , and a better work / life balance .
In a separate study , the same researchers found that 94 % of professionals work at least 50 hours a week and that half of them work more than 65 hours a week .
The researchers found that the study group monitored their smart phones at home 20 to 25 hours a week .
" What we discovered is that the cycle of 24/7 responsiveness can be broken if people collectively challenge the mind - set , " write Perlow and Porter in their publication .
" Furthermore , new ways of working can be found that benefit not just individuals but the organization , which gains in quality and efficiency -- and , in the long run , experiences higher retention of more of its best people . "
Although not all supervisors are yet convinced , a converging body of research suggests that downtime can be a boon for employers and employees .
Get some rest
By now you might be thinking , " Gee , I wish my department or laboratory was part of this study .
Where do I sign up for paid time off ? "
Or maybe not :
Whether it 's due to nature or nurture , scientists tend to make work a priority , working long hours ( independent of whether they 're required to ) and responding quickly to new demands , even unreasonable ones , imposed by supervisors , colleagues , and subordinates .
If this describes you , you might want to do your own experiment modeled on the ones by Perlow and Porter .
Resist the impulse to work constantly .
It 's likely to be hard at first as you feel as though you 're neglecting your responsibilities .
But you may find that , over time , you end up getting more done than before .
" Focus , willpower , and the ability to tackle difficult projects all draw from a limited reserve of energy , " writes Kelly McGonigal , a health psychologist based at Stanford University in Palo Alto , California , in an e-mail to Science Careers .
" When you deplete these reserves -- whether through sleep deprivation , which alters how the brain and body use energy , or through pushing too hard on too many projects -- the quality of your work plummets , along with the usual pleasure of working on something important , such as doing good science . "
It 's biological .
" No one can afford to skip rest , and anyone 's work will be refreshed and restored from some time off . "
One simple means of addressing an energy deficit is a good nap .
An article in the November issue of the Harvard Health Letter reviewed dozens of experiments conducted over a decade that have shown the value of sleep -- including brief catnaps -- in improving learning , memory , and creative thinking .
Citing the finding that napping makes people more effective problem - solvers , Harvard sleep researcher Robert Stickgold urges employers to encourage napping .
Some companies , such as Google , have created NapPods or nap rooms where their employees can catch some restorative shuteye during the workday .
Ca n't see yourself sleeping on the job and can't sleep enough at home ?
You might think that a vacation can offer the energy burst you need .
It can , but according to a meta - analysis published in the December 2008 issue of the Journal of Occupational Health , the results of vacations are short - lived , fading out between 2 to 4 weeks on average after the subjects returned to work .
More research is needed to figure out how to make the gains of a vacation last longer .
Sign me up for that study .
Probably the most feasible and easily implemented approach to reaping the benefits of downtime is to seize time off regularly , whenever you can .
Modest changes in the routine of work allows a busy multitasker to slow down , recharge , and return to work with more focus , energy , and creativity .
There are numerous ways to add more free time into a busy life , including work - free weekends , postlunch catnaps , days off , vacations from technology , no -work evenings , and regular 10 - minute work breaks ( described more fully in a previous Mind Matters column ) .
A season for everything
" Having an office full of workaholics is like having a yard full of moles , " writes Eric Darr , executive vice president and provost at Harrisburg University of Science and Technology in Pennsylvania .
" Workaholics focus so much on finishing the project that they do not strategize , prioritize , or seek more creative solutions .
And , like moles , they start tunneling but not in the same or best direction .
Blinded by getting to the finish line , they miss opportunities . "
In Judaism there is a custom called the Shmita , a sabbatical year occurring cyclically every 7 years when the land is allowed to rest ; those who observe the Shmita are promised a bountiful harvest afterward .
Those who fail to observe a fallow period -- and this goes for scientists -- are bound to feel depleted .
Need proof that 's closer to home ?
Consider how many of your most creative thoughts occur not in front of a computer screen or at the bench but while your are showering , golfing , lying in bed , or taking a jog in the park ?
Probably everyone has heard that Rush Limbaugh was rushed to the hospital in Hawaii complaining of chest pains , and upon his release took that opportunity to slam health care reform , saying :
I do n’t think there ’s one thing wrong with the American health care system .
I got no special treatment other than what anybody else that would have called 911 and had been brought in with the same kinds of symptoms .
What Limbaugh is probably too stupid to realize is that Hawaii has the most “ socialist ” health insurance system of all the states .
Health insurance coverage is mandated in that state ( and has been since 1974 ) , which is one of the key features of “ Obamacare ” — that Limbaugh hates so much .
In fact , Hawaii ’s health care system was the model used for Clinton ’s failed health care reform .
So Limbaugh was unintentionally praising “ Hillarycare ” .
That might just give him a real heart attack .
Incidentally , despite the fact that most things in Hawaii cost more than on the mainland , Hawaii ’s “ socialist ” health insurance system has some of the lowest premiums and co-pays in the country , and their costs for Medicare are the lowest per person in the US .
I ’m sure that Limbaugh is completely oblivious to the irony of on one hand claiming that “ socialist ” Obamacare will destroy our fine health care system ( not to mention our nation ) , while at the same time praising the health care he received in Hawaii ( which has had a system similar to Obamacare for decades ) .
Or maybe Limbaugh does n’t know that Hawaii is part of the US .
White House denies us on Presidential Proclamation
The National Day of Slayer Task Force contacted President Barack Obama with a simple request : could he issue a presidential proclamation declaring metal fans a recognized subculture , and address the need for a National Day of Slayer to celebrate this subculture ?
As it turns out , he may be too busy -- or too under fire -- to stop paying attention to mundane political matters and devote time to recognize this subgenre , but we understand .
We 're going to keep trying , even if this time the White House brushed us off with a form letter .
Slayer is an excellent mascot for the international heavy metal movement , which is composed of un-ironic people who worship war , chaos , death , destruction , natural selection , power and occult strength .
We are not concerned with safety and making other people get warm fuzzies .
We want the full strength reality brew and we want it now , and Slayer is our emblem .
“ Missing ” Bush White House emails found
White House emails retrieved from Bush administration records reveal that top Bush Justice Department officials circulated a memo falsely blaming Al Gore for U.S. failure to get Osama bin Laden .
The apocryphal Osama - Al Gore - Oliver North story , already debunked on snopes.com , was forwarded internally to administration personnel by David M. Israelite , Deputy Chief of Staff and Counselor to Attorney Gen. John Ashcroft ( pictured above right ) .
ADVERTISEMENT
The existence of such politicized emails may help explain why millions of emails sent to and from the previous White House have gone missing despite rules for preserving presidential records .
This particular email , spreading a bogus rumor , has not been reported before .
Justice counselor David Israelite forwarded the Snopes - worthy narrative to colleagues in Ashcroft ’s office Jan. 23 , 2002 .
Headed “ For you historians ” and “ Do you remember ? ” it purports to describe a 1987 video clip from Col.
Oliver North ’s congressional testimony in the Iran - Contra hearings .
According to this anonymous narrative — which first surfaced in Nov. 2001 and has survived repeated debunking to recur periodically —
North warned senators about Osama bin Laden in his testimony but was ridiculed and shut down by then - Sen .
Al Gore .
North himself denied this claim Nov. 28 , 2001 .
This emailed anecdote from Israelite is the sole internal reference to Osama bin Laden found in a FOIA search of Bush White House emails for 2002 .
ADVERTISEMENT
A top aide to Ashcroft , Israelite was among Ashcroft ’s first appointments at Justice in early February 2001 .
The political priorities are clear .
Before working for Ashcroft , Israelite had been Director of Political and Governmental Affairs at the Republican National Committee , going to the RNC from the office of Sen. Christopher “ Kit ” Bond ( R - MO ) .
He got his law degree at the University of Missouri and was an attorney in Kansas City law firm Bryan Cave .
Israelite ’s email about Osama bin Laden , Al Gore and Oliver North was disclosed to Raw Story through prolonged correspondence under the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) , requesting emails between the Bush White House and Bush ’s attorney general , deputy attorney general , associate attorney general , Office of Public Affairs , Office of Legal Counsel and Office of the Inspector General , in the Justice Department .
9/11 investigation was coordinated directly by the White House
ADVERTISEMENT
The FBI told Raw Story in 2001 that investigation of the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , was being coordinated at the national level directly by the White House .
Attorney Gen. Ashcroft headed a Justice department deploying every resource , according to public statements , to track down and punish those responsible for 9/11 .
White House emails from the Bush years numbered in the millions .
Congressional investigators found that thousands of emails went between the White House and top Justice officials , through both government email accounts and private accounts including the RNC .
Lengthy FOIA searches have found emails from the previous administration pertaining to Osama bin Laden or to Afghanistan ’s Mullah Omar , however , only in Attorney General and Office of Public Affairs records .
FOIA inquiries about Osama Bin Laden and Omar produced two emails , totaling four pages , between the White House and Justice relating to Omar , and 26 emails totaling 119 pages relating to bin Laden .
ADVERTISEMENT
The players
Israelite sent the email to Adam Ciongoli and Barbara Comstock , copying to Sonya E. Medina .
Ciongoli , Counselor to the Attorney General , was like Israelite one of Ashcroft ’s first picks and a senior counselor during the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
In 2003 , White House Chief of Staff Andy Card appointed Ciongoli as administration liaison to the 9/11 commission .
Ciongoli had worked for the Kenneth Starr D.C. law firm , Kirkland & Ellis , then became counsel to the Senate Constitution Subcommittee when it was chaired by Ashcroft .
After leaving Justice , he was General Counsel for Time Warner Europe .
He has twice clerked for Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito .
He is now General Counsel to the insurance brokerage firm Willis Group Holdings .
Barbara Comstock , Ashcroft ’s Director of Public Affairs when this email was sent , came to the Justice Department following a stint doing opposition research in the 2000 Bush campaign , where she kept the dirt file on Al Gore .
An attorney who had also worked intensively in the Whitewater investigation against the Clintons , she went on to chair Scooter Libby ’s defense fund in 2007 .
She recently won a seat in Virginia ’s House of Delegates in an extremely tight race in Virginia ’s 34th House district .
ADVERTISEMENT
Sonya E. Medina , a Texan who followed Bush to Washington , was an Assistant to the President and Deputy Director of Projects for the First Lady .
The Washington Post noted Medina among White House insiders receiving last - minute appointments in the final days of the Bush administration when she was appointed to the President ’s Council on Service and Civic Participation .
Israelite ’s own career trajectory illustrates the workings of the Washington revolving door .
Among other duties , in 2004 Israelite chaired the Intellectual Property Task Force at Justice , tasked with examining “ all aspects of how the Department of Justice handles intellectual property issues ” and developing “ recommendations for future efforts ” according to the publicly released statement .
In February 2005 , Israelite was named President and Chief Executive Officer of the National Music Publishers Association .
ADVERTISEMENT
Copyright infringement has been a continuing concern of Israelite ’s .
In 2004 , Israelite issued an unusual statement for release on another hot - button Justice issue , child pornography , saying , “ Today ’s announcement is first and foremost an important blow against child pornography .
It also sheds light on the growing problem of illegal activity conducted using peer - to - peer computer networks , which extends beyond the distribution of child pornography to massive theft of intellectual property .
The Department of Justice and the Intellectual Property Task Force are concerned about this illegal activity and how peer - to - peer systems facilitate it . ”
The thrust seems to be that copyright infringement can be used as a means by authorities to go after child pornographers , somewhat like nabbing Al Capone on income tax charges .
Meanwhile , however , the announcement on child pornography referred to is unquestionably being turned against peer - to - peer trafficking : “ The Department of Justice , the Federal Bureau of Investigation , the Department of Homeland Security ’s U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , and the Internet Crimes Against Children ( ICAC ) Task Forces today announced a national law enforcement initiative aimed at combating the growing volume of illegal child pornography distributed through peer - to - peer ( P2P ) file trafficking computer networks . ”
Sensitive issues , low profile
ADVERTISEMENT
On several sensitive issues on their watch , Israelite and his colleagues in Ashcroft ’s office kept a low profile .
Ashcroft recused himself from the Enron investigation in face of widespread public knowledge of direct and indirect Enron connections .
A newspaper article in Justice files noted that “ Deputy Chief of Staff David Israelite and new Communications Director Barbara Comstock came to Justice after working at the Republican National Committee , which received more than $ 700,000 from Enron and its executives in 1999 and 2000 , records show . ”
A June 2003 IG report on treatment of detainees held on immigration charges after 9/11 includes only this input from Israelite :
“ Witnesses told us that the Department of Justice had little input into where the detainees were held .
For example , Chertoff , the Assistant Attorney General in charge of the Criminal Division , said he did not have any information about where or how the detainees would be held , with the exception of one conversation in which he was told that an alien had claimed he was hurt by a guard .
He said that he was later told that the report was inaccurate , and that the alien had not made such an accusation .
David Israelite , Deputy Chief of Staff to the Attorney General , said he could not recall any discussions of holding people “ incommunicado ” or any discussion of where detainees should be held .
He also recalled one allegation of mistreatment being called to the attention of the Attorney General , who he said asked staff to look into the incident . ”
The 2007 Judiciary Committee report on the U.S. Attorney firings shows that Israelite , not directly implicated in the firing of nine US Attorneys , was part of the cycle .
“ After receiving this news from Williams , Richmond forwarded Rosenberg ’s e-mail regarding the candidate to OAG Deputy Chief of Staff David Israelite with the comment , ‘ Here we go again .
She ’s a D , ' ” the report said .
“ Richmond also sent an e-mail to Williams saying that she would talk to Rosenberg the next day . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
While with regard to Bush ’s surveillance program , former Deputy Attorney General James B. Comey exonerated Israelite for the Inspectors General of Defense , Justice , CIA , NSA and the Director of National Intelligence .
According to the September 2007 Inspector General ’s report on the surveillance program , “ In written responses to Senator Charles Schumer following his testimony , Comey wrote that he believed that several senior DOJ officials , including Chuck Rosenberg , Daniel Levin , James Baker , David Ayres , and Deputy Chief of Staff to the Attorney General David Israelite , were also prepared to resign .
Comey wrote that he believed that “ a large portion ” of his staff also would have resigned if he had . ”
The statement is a testimonial to the personnel mentioned and to their ability and willingness to take care of each other .
See also :
Factcheck
Truth or Fiction
ADVERTISEMENT
Urban Legends
Joe Wein
Vote shows the need to transform our current campaign finance system
Members of Congress who noted " no " on health care reform legislation late Saturday night have received $ 2.3 million more in campaign donations from health insurance interests than those who voted in favor of the legislation to overhaul of the nation 's health care system , according to analysis released by a coalition of campaign reform groups .
" The health care debate shows that our campaign finance system is as much in crisis as our health care system , " said David Donnelly , national campaigns director of Public Campaign Action Fund , the watchdog group that conducted the analysis for the coalition .
" As measured in campaign donations , it clearly pays to be against reform and with the health insurance interests . "
The health insurance industry donated $ 12.5 million to the campaigns and leadership PACs of 215 members of Congress who voted against the House health care legislation this weekend .
Members voting against the legislation received , on average , 24 percent more in campaign money than those who voted yes , according to analysis of campaign contribution data from the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics .
" Members of Congress are , by and large , good people caught in a bad system , " said Donnelly .
" With so much time dedicated to fundraising and with insurance and other special interests providing the cash , our elected officials are placed in an untenable situation .
It 's time to change how we pay for campaigns and pass the Fair Elections Now Act . "
The Fair Elections Now Act ( S.752 , H.R.1826 ) provides qualified congressional candidates public financing once they demonstrate broad public support by raising a large number of small donations .
Once in office , candidates would be freed from the influence of special interest campaign contributions .
The House legislation , which was introduced by Rep. John Larson ( D - Conn. ) , has 114 additional cosponsors , more than half of the 218 lawmakers needed to pass the legislation .
The Senate companion bill was introduced by Senate Assistant Majority Leader Dick Durbin ( D - Ill . ) .
The coalition includes Common Cause , Democracy Matters , Public Campaign Action Fund , and Public Citizen .
Three - dozen additional organizations have endorsed the Fair Elections Now Act .
For more information about the bill and the coalition , visit www.fairelectionsnow.org.
[ Haskell - cafe ]
Announcing a summer internship for a NASA - sponsored project
************************************************
* ANNOUNCING : * * SUMMER INTERNSHIP FOR NASA - SPONSORED PROJECT
* ************************************************
The National Institute of Aerospace ( NIA ) and Galois , Inc. would like to announce a Summer Visitor position for a joint in the summer of 2010 ( and the summer of 2011 ) .
The position will be located at the NIA , located in the historic Hampton Roads area of Virginia , U.S.
The visitor will work with researchers at both the NIA and Galois .
PROJECT OVERVIEW :
We are looking for a summer visitor to work on a NASA - sponsored project investigating runtime monitoring applied to hard real - time distributed systems such as avionics .
Runtime monitoring is an approach to check a system 's conformance to safety specifications at runtime .
The work is being directed by Dr. Alwyn Goodloe ( NIA ) and Dr. Lee Pike ( Galois , Inc. ) --- contact below .
The visitor 's work will depend on the skills and interests of the student , but it will likely focus on the development and application of of a monitor synthesis tool , CoPilot .
Copilot takes property specification and synthesizes monitors for the properties to embedded C. Copilot is a Haskell library built on top of the Haskell eDSL Atom < http://hackage.haskell.org/package/atom>.
The work is expected to lead to one or more conference publications .
QUALIFICATIONS : * MUST - HAVES : * The candidate should have significant experience in programming in modern typed functional programming languages such as Haskell , OCAML , or Clean ( programming will be done mainly in Haskell ) .
* Some experience and exposure to writing and debugging C programs .
*
Some experience with using and configuring * nix systems .
* NICE -TO - HAVES : * Experience with real - time systems , RTOSes , scheduling , distributed systems , control theory , or avionics .
* Experience or interest in in configuring a small distributed hardware - based system ( e.g. , using Arduinos ) .
* Experience or interest in formal methods ( e.g. , model - checking , temporal logics , runtime monitoring ) .
* Good writing skills / experience in writing technical papers .
* Interest in continuing collaboration at his or her home institution during the remainder of the year .
* Interest in an internship for the summers of 2010 * and* 2011 .
* Interest in NASA .
* DO * NOT * NEED : * A degree ( we 're interested in hearing from post - docs , graduate students , and undergrads ) .
* U.S. citizenship or work visa ( all expenses are paid , but we anticipate this being an unpaid internship ) .
ABOUT THE NIA : The National Institute of Aerospace is a nonprofit institution with both research and educational components .
We have both full - time research staff members as well as faculty and graduate students from our six member universities .
Research carried out at NIA includes fluid mechanics , space vehicle design , atmospheric science , material science , and computer science .
Within computer science , the primary focus is in formal methods , and we work closely with the formal methods group at NASA 's Langley Research Center , located less than one mile away .
The visitor will have an opportunity for frequent interaction with the NASA Langley Formal Methods Group .
The NIA is located in Hampton , Virginia .
The cities of Norfolk and Virginia Beach are nearby as is historic Colonial Willamsburg .
Numerous attractions and activities are available within an hour 's drive .
Within a couple of hours are the Outer Banks of North Carolina and Washington DC , which are popular weekend getaways for our summer visitors .
NASA and NIA both host a large number of summer visitors ( undergraduate and graduate students ) from around the world .
ABOUT GALOIS : Galois , Inc. is located in Portland , Oregon with a mission to create trustworthiness in critical systems .
We ’re in the business of taking blue - sky ideas and turning them into real - world technology solutions .
We 've been developing real - world systems for the past 10 years using Haskell .
BENEFITS : This is anticipated to be an unpaid but internship in which all living expenses are covered .
These include * travel expenses to and from the NIA and your home * housing allowance * food allowance * rental car and gas TO APPLY : Please email a C.V. ( PDF or plain text ) and a brief plain text note statting your interest and experience to Dr. Alwyn Goodloe at < alwyn.goodloe at nianet.org >.
There is flexibility regarding the dates of the visit .
***************************************
*
Application due date : Jan. 15 , 2010 * ***************************************
LEARN MORE : * NIA website : http://www.nianet.org/
* Galois website : http://www.galois.com/
* Hampton Roads : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hampton_Roads
* NASA Langley Formal Methods Group : http://shemesh.larc.nasa.gov/fm/
Please email either Dr. Alwyn Goodloe < alwyn.goodloe at nianet.org > and / or Dr. Lee Pike < leepike at galois.com > with any questions .
To the women he dated via the Internet , Solomon Jesus Nasser was just your average , everyday multimillionaire Navy admiral with a doctorate from MIT .
But in real life , Nasser was a scumbag who bilked $ 140 K from women over three years .
According to the Journal News , 57 year - old Ardsley , NY resident met the women on sites like Match.com and Plentyof Fish , then lied his ass off in order to gain their confidence .
In addition to claiming he was a confidant of George W. Bush and an Iraq Navy veteran , he passed himself off as :
among the other things , as a CIA agent , a board member of Sikorsky Helicopters and a holder of more than 80 patents .
He claimed he earned a doctorate from MIT when he was 22 , owned a jet and an estate in Greenwich , Conn. , as well as property in California .
Nasser would then claim that he was being sued or had money problems with an ex-wife , and ask for " loans " from his victims .
He scammed one woman out of $ 114,600 alone .
From 2005 - 2008 , his take was $ 140,000 .
( He now faces a maximum of 5 to 15 years for the most serious of the five charges against him . )
Only in America could a man so ugly make a career out of dating .
We have n't seen too many notable R/C cars since Takara Tomy 's wall - climbing AeroSpider RC turned our world upside down way back in late 2008 , but it looks like Mattel thinks it might just have the next big thing with its new foldable Stealth Rides cars .
Like a Transformer that turn into a box , these promise to spring into life at the push of a button , and should give you about 30 hours of playtime on a single charge .
Naturally , Mattel also seems to have a number of licensing deals lined up , with a Batmobile Tumbler being one of the five models that will debut at next month 's Toy Fair in New York .
You 'll have to wait until August to actually get your hands on them , however , when they 'll run you $ 25 apiece .
SEOUL , South Korea —
One day you wake up to find your personal life plastered all over the web — photographs of your school days , anonymous comments you made on websites and images of your Facebook page .
What do you do ?
Most South Koreans would advise you to “ disappear ” for a while .
When a university student , who was recently attacked in such a way , responded by posting more things on the web , it only served to fuel the fire .
The student , dubbed “ loser girl ” by the public , found herself in the web spotlight after appearing on a popular television show , saying : “ I do n’t want to go out with men under 180 centimeters … .
Short guys are losers . ”
She tried to apologize , but her efforts led to further cyber - attacks .
South Korea , the most wired country in the world , has been at the forefront of many internet - related problems — such as internet addiction .
Now that South Korea is experiencing an escalating number of these cyber- attacks , dubbed " witch - hunting " by the local media , it finds itself again on the cusp of a troubling trend .
This , more violent , internet - related problem challenges law enforcement jurisdictions and demands fast answers .
Despite the flurry of comments — some , particularly ill - minded against the student , like , “ I guess the next news we ’ll be hearing is about the loser girl committing suicide ” — the case ultimately fizzled , with the television program issuing an apology for not filtering their content before airing it .
The word “ loser ” soon became a buzzword , and many web users added humor to the case by circulating postings related to successful men who are under 180 centimeters .
“ Is it Tom Cruiser and Martine Loser King then ? ” read some of the postings playing on the Korean pronunciation of the word loser .
But the fiasco also made people question whether web sabotage should go unaddressed .
Earlier this year a popular boy - band leader , who is Korean - American , was forced to leave his team after someone dug up a posting he had made on MySpace speaking in negative light about Koreans .
“ The laws for these types of actions on the web in this country are actually all in place , ” said Choung Wan , a professor at Kyunghee University ’s Law School .
Choung believes Korea is four or five years ahead of other countries in terms of experiencing unhealthy practices on the web , but he also thinks a lot more can be done .
“ It ’s true that the victims lack education on legal means they can take , ” Choung said .
South Korea currently has a heavier sentence on cyber defamation than regular defamation crimes and those found guilty of cyber stalking can face up to a year in prison or a fine of roughly $ 10,000 .
The number of violent , cyber - related crimes has almost tripled over the past five years to 13,819 cases in 2008 , according to the country ’s Cyber Terror Response Center .
Over the years , South Korea has seen a jump in cyber - related deaths with a number of celebrity suicides caused by malicious postings on the web making headlines .
However , there has yet to be a high - profile case in which a victim of cyberbullying has taken his or her attacker to the courts .
Unlike Korea , in the U.S. , a case involving a 50 - year - old woman and a teenager who took her own life went to federal courts as the country ’s first cyber - bullying case .
The case gained nationwide attention and prompted states that lacked appropriate laws to draft legislation that directly addressed cyberbullying .
Countries in Europe are also waking up to the dangers of cyber - bullying and launching public campaigns to raise awareness .
The nature of cyber witch hunting in Korea slightly differs from Western cyber - bullying .
In Korea it is a pack mentality that drives web sabotage , rather than acquaintances of the victim taking action , but the scale of the cyber assaults — blogs , chatrooms , popular web forums — is what heightens the pressure .
“ A lot of times [ in Korea ] people ca n’t say things upfront , but they easily ride along with others if they ’re anonymous , ” Choung said .
Added to the problem is the fact that often the victims are in a culture that is more reluctant to take legal steps to solve their problems .
“ People do tend to just put up with what they ’re going through , ” Choung said .
An entire chapter is devoted to bachelors who , instead of parading around town as frivolous dandies — as they have been portrayed in the past — often longed for marriage .
Many despised their makeshift accommodations and take - away meals ( by 1700 , the commercial provision of food employed more people than most other sectors ) , as well as crowded taverns and a maid who might take “ my sheets to her own use . ”
When comparing bachelorhood to marriage , Dudley Ryder , the son of a linen draper , decided he wanted a “ constant companion ” who would be “ always ready to soothe me , take care of me . ”
Marriage , Vickery writes , “ announced and confirmed men ’s adulthood ” and marked the beginning of a well - managed domestic life .
Just because men did n’t fill their diaries with their notion of “ homeliness ” does n’t mean they were n’t interested in it , nor does it deter Vickery from trying to find out the details .
Few writers have such a talent for transforming the driest historical source into a gripping narrative , for teasing stories from account books , inventories , ledgers and pattern books .
Image “ The Comforts of Matrimony — A Smoky House and Scolding Wife , ” 1790 .
Credit ...
Engraving , British Museum ; from “ Behind Closed Doors ”
Some of her most fascinating sources are the records of the Old Bailey , the main criminal court in London .
During proceedings dealing with theft , witnesses often gave descriptions of their valuables and the places of safekeeping within the home .
These records allow Vickery to chart the fraught and difficult negotiations that were necessary to secure at least some bit of privacy behind the uniform facade of the terraced 18th - century house .
Since a maid did n’t have her own room , she might have only a small wooden box in which to lock her few belongings ; a lodger might put his coins in the hollow leg of his bed to hide it from his preying landlady .
Others protected their private property in secret drawers and boxes , or behind the wainscot .
Such “ personal receptacles , ” Vickery writes , “ stood proxy for individuality . ”
This battle over the frontiers of privacy was n’t confined to servants and lodgers .
Wealthy aristocratic women often had closets that functioned as private sanctuaries into which no one — not even their husbands — would intrude .
“ Behind Closed Doors ” carefully describes how servants , married women , spinsters and widows struggled for a space they could call their own .
According to Vickery , these negotiations are at the core of domestic life in Georgian England and became part of “ setting up home ” — sometimes even before marriage .
Mary Martin , the fiancée of a colonel , asserted her role as future wife and domestic manager when she oversaw the refurbishment of his London house .
When her fiancé ’s decorator painted a room in a shade of white that was n’t quite what she had envisaged , she flew into a rage and “ frighten ’d him out of his Wits . ”
What went on behind closed doors after her wedding ( and most others ) has been difficult to ascertain , but Vickery found three rare sets of matching account books for husbands and wives .
( One was in my possession , for which I ’m thanked in her acknowledgments . )
The picture that emerges from the “ His and Hers ” chapter is that of efficient wives responsible for child - related expenses — schooling , dancing masters , clothes — as well as groceries , the husband ’s personal linen , laundry and servants ’ wages .
Unsurprisingly , the husbands dealt with expenses related to their estates , loans and stables , but also bought most luxury goods .
In one of the three examples , most of the family ’s money flowed through the wife ’s account book , with the husband receiving a ­rather enormous “ allowance . ”
Though women have often been accused of ­“ fetishistic self - indulgence , ” these ­account books reveal husbands who bought “ dandyish ” waistcoats and women who did n’t indulge in new gowns .
Back in September 2008 , I had a list of the most popular testing modules on the CPAN .
I created this list because I was writing Test :: Most and I needed to know them .
Tonight , after hearing that the next Perl - QA hackathon is in Vienna , I thought about what I might want to accomplish and decided to see if the most popular modules had changes .
In 2008 , out of 373 test modules , we had the following top 20 :
1 Test :: More 69396 2 Test 10912 3 Test :: Exception 2314 4 Test :: Simple 962 5 Test :: Base 610 6 Test :: NoWarnings 386 7 Test :: Builder :: Tester 308 8 Test :: Deep 254 9 Test :: Pod 223 10 Test :: Warn 217 11 Test :: Differences 213 12 Test::MockObject 187 13 Test :: Pod:: Coverage 157 14 Test :: Builder 131 15 Test :: WWW :: Mechanize :: Catalyst 118 16 Test ::XML 113 17 Test :: Block 112 18 Test :: Perl : : Critic 110 19 Test :: Distribution 107 20 Test ::SQL :: Translator 101
In January 2010 , out of 493 ( !)
Test : : modules , we have the following top 20 :
1 Test :: More 86194 2 Test 10789 3 Test :: Exception 3548 4 Test :: Base 1006 5 Test :: Simple 962 6 Test :: NoWarnings 884 7 Test :: Deep 413 8 Test :: Warn 350 9 Test :: Pod 335 10 Test :: Builder :: Tester 322 11 Test :: Differences 311 12 Test :: Pod:: Coverage 277 13 Test :: Perl : : Critic 256 14 Test::MockObject 205 15 Test :: Builder 203 16 Test :: Most 170 17 Test :: Block 169 18 Test :: WWW :: Mechanize :: Catalyst 162 19 Test :: Distribution 150 20 Test :: Kwalitee 143
That 's when I noticed something very interesting .
My Test :: Most module , the one I created this list for , was already in the number 16 slot ( it 's currently at the number 13 slot if you ignore modules in the Test : : namespace but which do n't export test functions ) !
That 's when my failure dawned on me .
Given that people who use Test :: Most are more serious about testing , it 's reasonable that they 're more serious about testing , thus artificially inflating my stats .
I was counting the number of times the modules were being used .
However , if I write , say , an extra 160 test programs for my modules , each of which uses Test :: Most ( or indeed , just type use Test : : Most 160 times in a single module ) , then I could push my module into the top ten .
So I reran my stats per distribution :
1 Test :: More 14111 2 Test 1736 3 Test :: Exception 744 4 Test :: Simple 331 5 Test :: Pod 328 6 Test :: Pod:: Coverage 274 7 Test :: Perl :: Critic 248 8 Test :: Base 228 9 Test :: NoWarnings 155 10 Test :: Distribution 142 11 Test :: Kwalitee 138 12 Test :: Deep 128 13 Test :: Warn 127 14 Test :: Differences 102 15 Test :: Spelling 101 16 Test::MockObject 87 17 Test :: Builder :: Tester 84 18 Test :: WWW :: Mechanize :: Catalyst 79 19 Test :: UseAllModules 63 20 Test :: YAML :: Meta 61 21 Test :: Synopsis 57 22 Test :: Compile 56 23 Test :: Portability :: Files 54 24 Test :: Most 49
OK , so I dropped down to a more reasonable 24th place .
But a quick check of CPANTS showed that I was n't finding as many uses of Test :: Most as I should because there were cases where :
Authors declared it in their Makefile .
PL or Build .
PL but did n't use it
or but did n't use it In at least one case ( probably more ) , the author has tests in their lib / directory that I was not searching !
There was also the case where it turns out that Robert Krimen is a huge fan of Test : : Most ( Hi Robert ! ) and has enough modules out there to artificially inflate my stats .
So here 's yet another list , showing test modules per author :
1 Test :: More 2669 2 Test 685 3 Test :: Exception 260 4 Test :: Simple 161 5 Test :: Pod 76 6 Test :: Warn 66 7 Test :: Perl : : Critic 65 8 Test :: Deep 60 9 Test :: Pod:: Coverage 55 10 Test :: NoWarnings 51 11 Test :: Differences 50 12 Test :: Builder :: Tester 49 13 Test::MockObject 49 14 Test :: Base 47 15 Test :: WWW :: Mechanize :: Catalyst 36 16 Test :: Builder 27 17 Test :: Kwalitee 26 18 Test:: MockObject:: Extends 24 19 Test :: Distribution 21 20 Test :: Output 19 21 Test ::XML 17 22 Test :: Moose 16 23 Test :: Harness 16 24 Test:: LongString 15 25 Test :: Tester 13 26 Test :: Spelling 12 27 Test :: MockModule 11 28 Test :: UseAllModules 10 29 Test :: TCP 10 30 Test :: Most 10
That seems a touch more reasonable , though I confess I 'd like to see more folks using this module .
It really does make your testing life simpler .
And as for the beautiful Test : : Class which more people should be using :
95 test programs ( 25th place )
19 distributions ( 42nd place )
9 authors ( 33rd place )
Come on , folks !
You can do better than that , right ?
In my previous blog post I was trying to demonstrate the virtues of data .gov.uk making the descriptions of their datasets available as RDFa .
Just this morning I learned from Mark Birbeck that the folks down under at data.australia.gov.au did this last October !
For example this page describing a dataset for public Internet locations has this RDF metadata inside it :
< http://data.australia.gov.au/80> cc:attributionName " http://www.centrelink.gov.au/ " @en-au ; cc:attributionURL < http://www.centrelink.gov.au/> ; dc:coverage.geospatial " Australia " @en -au ; dc:coverage.temporal " Not specified " @en -au ; dc:creator " Centrelink " @en -au ; dc:date.modified " 2009-08-31 " ^^xsd : date ; dc:date .
published " 2009 - 08 - 31 " ^^xsd : date ; dc:description " " " < p xml:lang = " en - au " xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml "
>Location of Centrelink Offices </p > " " " ^^rdf : XMLLiteral ; dc:identifier " 80 " @en -au ; dc:keywords " < a href= \ " http://data.australia.gov.au/tag/social-security\ " rel= \" tag\ " xml:lang= \" en - au\ " xmlns= \ " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml\ "
>Social Security </a>" ^^rdf : XMLLiteral ; dc:license " < a href= \ " http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/au/\ " rel= \" licence \ " xml:lang= \" en - au\ " xmlns= \ " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml\ " >< img alt= \" Creative Commons License\ " class= \" licence \ " src= \ "
http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/2.5/au/88x31.png\ "/>Creative Commons - Attribution 2.5 Australia ( CC - BY ) </a>" ^^rdf : XMLLiteral ; dc:source " < a href= \ " http://www.centrelink.gov.au/\ " rel= \" dc:source\ " xml:lang= \" en - au\ " xmlns= \ " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml\ " />" ^^rdf: XMLLiteral ; dc:subject " < a href= \ " http://data.australia.gov.au/catalogue/community\ " rel= \" category tag\ " title= \" View all posts in Community \ " xml:lang= \" en - au\ " xmlns= \ " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml\ ">Community</a> , < a href= \ " http://data.australia.gov.au/catalogue/employment\ " rel= \" category tag\ " title= \" View all posts in Employment \ " xml:lang= \" en - au\ " xmlns= \ " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml\ "
>
Employment</a> , < a href= \ " http://data.australia.gov.au/catalogue/government\ " rel= \" category tag\ " title= \" View all posts in Government \ " xml:lang= \" en - au\ " xmlns= \ " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml\ "
>
Government </a>" ^^rdf: XMLLiteral ; dc:title " Location of Centrelink Offices " @en-au ; dc:type < http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/Text> ; agls : jurisdiction " [ Commonwealth of ]
Australia ( AU ) " @en-au ; < http://www1.australia.gov.au/datasets/Federal/Centrelink/Location%20of%20Centrelink%20offices%2031_08_09/centrelink_offices_31_08_2009.CSV >
dc:format " CSV " @en-au .
Now this data is n’t without problems : notice the XML literals as objects in the assertions involving subject , keyword , license and source ?
But it ’s a Beta after all , and lots of us are learning this as we go , so Australia deserves a ton of credit .
One really nice thing they are doing is making assertions about the format and URL location of the dataset itself .
It would be even better if the dataset description was linked up with the dataset files using oai - ore or some other vocabulary .
In about 5 minutes I adapted the simplistic data.gov.uk crawler to crawl the data.australia.gov.au data .
There are n’t as many datasets , so the crawler only pulled down 1725 triples ( minus the xhtml triples ) … but perhaps I missed some in my simplistic crawl .
Seeing both the data.gov.uk and data.australia.gov.au efforts to make dataset descriptions available makes me wonder if it could be useful for the W3C eGov Working Group to provide some lightweight guidance on how to make dataset descriptions available : what sorts of vocabularies to use , the kinds of assertions that are important , etc .
It ’s hard not to daydream of trying to provide an aggregated view of both pools of data , which is kept in synch using the web , and which perhaps could pull down aggregated datasets and archive them , etc .
Perhaps a little spot checking tool that took at look at your HTML and let you know if it can work as a dataset description would be useful too ?
Top Federal Defense Attorneys Serving All of Massachusetts
White collar crimes often more closely resemble civil cases than other criminal cases .
The accused is often a professional , unaccustomed to the criminal justice system .
State and federal prosecutors generally conduct a more thorough investigation while building circumstantial cases , pressuring peers and co-workers to testify against the accused , and using substantial documentation to back up their charges .
A criminal defense attorney must file specific discovery motions to obtain the copies of the necessary evidence to properly assess a case for his client .
Additionally , most white collar criminal cases involve charges of conspiracy , which allow prosecutors to circumvent the hearsay rules that otherwise would prevent unsubstantiated claims from being entered as evidence against a defendant .
Massachusetts federal criminal defense lawyer David R. Yannetti and his associates represent clients in Boston and throughout Massachusetts who have been charged with fraud , embezzlement , and other white collar crimes in both Massachusetts and federal courts .
Call Us for a FREE Phone Consultation
We are top rated federal criminal defense lawyers serving Massachusetts , who will provide you with the best representation you can obtain anywhere .
With offices in Boston , Salem , and Dedham , we are here to help you .
Contact us for a FREE phone consult .
Boston White Collar Crime Lawyers
Our while collar defense attorneys may intervene as soon as possible on a client 's behalf to ensure an investigation does not unfairly target him or her .
As your Boston white collar crime lawyers , David Yannetti and his associates will tirelessly work to protect your rights , oftentime recommending and hiring our own investigators , computer experts , and forensic specialists to analyze and undermine the evidence against you .
White Collar Crimes and Federal Criminal Charges
Attorney Yannetti and his associates represent clients who have been indicted or who are under investigation for the following federal white collar crimes :
Call For A Free Consultation With A Massachusetts Federal Criminal Defense Lawyer
If you are facing state or federal charges of fraud , embezzlement or another type of crime , you need experienced legal representation .
Contact our federal defense lawyers online or call 617-338-6006 for a free phone consultation .
A trip into my lair for an examination of who and what is worthy
On June 12 , 2009 , I was among a hundred or so people standing outside a girls ’ school in Mashhad , Iran , hugging the shade of a yellow brick wall .
My friend N. and I were waiting to vote in the presidential election .
It was Friday , the Iranian weekend .
Stores were shuttered , intersections free of surging traffic .
The mood was mellow — when a stooped old woman cut to the head of the line , several of us smiled .
In the school parking lot , a Revolutionary Guard lounged on a chair , cradling his Kalashnikov .
He waved us past garish instructional murals — the cornea of an eye ; a red heart complete with ventricle — into a dim hallway strung with colored bulbs .
Through an open door a radio blared ; all morning the state network had broadcast patriotic marches and exhortations to vote .
A slender man with gray hair and glasses held out a hand .
I gave him my National ID Card .
“ Birth certificates only , ” he said , returning it .
“ My birth certificate is in America , ” I said .
“ Ca n’t you take my passport instead ? ”
He smiled and shook his head , already reaching for my friend ’s ID .
A woman in a black wimple seized N. ’s finger and pressed it onto an ink pad then a ballot stub before tearing off the ballot .
N. was in her 70s and arthritic ; if the line had been longer , she would have gone home .
She carried her ballot over to a scarred table holding a Bic pen anchored to the wall with blue ribbon .
A small poster listed the names and codes of the four candidates .
The fine print said : “ Please refrain from entering more than one name on the ballot . ”
N. gripped her chador between her teeth and carefully wrote Mir Hossein Mousavi on the ballot .
His code , 77 , looked like two birds taking flight .
I watched the ballot disappear into a padlocked box .
We walked out into the heat of the day , past a soldier with a pistol on his belt .
The whole process had taken less than an hour .
There was a curious innocence to it .
I think of us on that Election Day as well - behaved children , confident of the treat in store .
In the spring of 1979 , I voted for an Islamic Republic in Iran .
Then it was all about freedom and democracy .
Freedom ’s face wore a turban and a glower that became known throughout the world , the visual antithesis of the Swiss - educated Shah , whose portrait had presided over my schooling .
I ’d grown up singing “ Long Live the Shah of Shahs . ”
In eighth grade I narrated a performance of Hamlet that had to be revised so that the king lived .
Back then the Shah seemed immortal .
By the time of the plebiscite that determined the new face of Iran , I saw that as a bad thing .
I was 17 .
It was a big year for me — first kiss , first day of college , first vote .
I remember the least about the vote : sitting at my parents ’ kitchen table , studying a slip of paper with two options , Yes or No . I marked Yes .
So did 98 percent of voters in that election .
Thirty years passed before my next encounter with a ballot .
I could n’t vote in American elections because , despite living here since 1977 , I could n’t bring myself to confirm my expatriate status by applying for citizenship .
I did n’t vote in Iranian elections because I was living in the United States .
In retrospect , I see that I engineered for myself a useful disability ; it left me free to have opinions while relieving me of the obligation of acting upon them .
I decided to participate in the 2009 presidential elections in Iran in the same way I might have chosen to have wine with dinner .
I went to the polls in the same spirit that I went to see the date palms in Tabas and the adobe buildings in Yazd .
It was n’t political conviction ; it was tourism .
I had planned to vote for Mousavi .
Four years ago , I admired how presidential candidate Mahmoud Ahmadinejad stood in line to vote instead of sweeping in with an entourage .
I believed religious conservatism did not preclude competence .
Also , I had not yet heard Ahmadinejad speak .
To know Ahmadinejad , however , was to reject him .
“ We Iranians are ashamed of him , ” a young woman with a green ribbon on her purse — the color signifying Mousavi ’s status as a seyyed , a descendant of the Prophet — told me in Doha , Qatar .
It was the Tuesday before the election .
We were waiting for our flight to Mashhad .
She had flown from Canada to vote for Mousavi , who had the backing of former president Mohammad Khatami .
She had been watching the televised presidential debates when Ahmadinejad held up a photograph of Mousavi ’s wife , Zahra Rahnavard , and said : “ Should I tell ?
Should I tell ? ”
This appeared to be the defining moment of the Ahmadinejad campaign , the Iranian equivalent of Michael Dukakis in a hel­met , riding a tank .
Later it be­came a slogan for the Greens , crowds chanting mockingly : “ Begam ? Begam ? ”
The disclosure itself , an allegation that Rahnavard had not come honestly by her doctorate , was discredited .
When our plane landed in Mashhad , my family swept me up and I did not see the young woman again .
I stared out the car window , drinking in the sight of plane trees towering over broad avenues , the carefully tended roses in the medians , the mountains in the distance .
This tranquil vista soon gave way to the schlock and bustle of the city .
The sinking sun and my own nostalgia lent a passing grace to the dun and gray buildings .
Neon signs glowed in Farsi and English .
Naked electric bulbs illuminated the colorful spill of fruits and vegetables .
In the large central square at Mellat Park , youths stood waving green flags , and Mousavi ’s image was lavishly plastered on car windows .
There was honking and cheering and a conspicuous absence of the Iranian flag , Ahmadinejad ’s chosen symbol .
Later I learned that Iranian flags predominated around the Shrine of Imam Reza , whose death gave this second - largest Iranian city its name — Mashhad means “ Place of Martyrdom . ”
Shi’ites from around the world worship here , inflating an estimated population of three million to five million in summer and cementing the city ’s reputation for conservatism .
Even before the revolution , travel to Mashhad meant packing a chador .
The Tehranis I ’d spoken to expected Mashhad to go for Ahmadinejad .
They would have been surprised by the display in the square that night .
My family in Mashhad occupies several rungs in the middle of the economic ladder .
It has a history in the city , but its roots are in the country , in provincial towns and dusty villages .
The saffron in our kitchens is n’t store - bought .
Over the years my relatives have moved back and forth across the religious and political spectrums .
Women who went bareheaded have taken the veil and vice versa .
Young communists have settled into contented capitalism .
Allegiances have swung between the Qur’an and Smirnoff .
We have had our opium addicts and our polygamists , our illiterates and our scholars , our political prisoners and our informers .
We are in many ways a typical Iranian clan .
The revolution widened existing rifts between religion and secularism .
This year , however , our clan was in the grip of a peculiar unanimity : all but two of my 50 closest relatives appeared to support Mousavi .
None of them bothered to say why , nor did I ask .
It seemed self - evident .
Mousavi was a destination the country had been traveling toward for 30 years , through a landscape of executions , political assassinations , mass arrests , and war .
Mousavi was prime minister during the Iraq war .
Then the rockets stopped falling , ration books were discarded , prisoners stumbled from planes to kiss the ground .
Khomeini died .
The radio started playing Michael Jackson songs again , instrumental versions only .
Hotels removed their “ Down with USA ” signs .
The Fountain of Blood outside Behesht - e - Zahra cemetery in Tehran stopped spouting colored water .
In 1997 , Khatami was elected president , introducing new words into the Iranian lexicon : dialogue of civilizations , reform , civil society .
In Tehran I ran into Brits hiking Tochal and dined out at the former Hilton hotel wearing a loose scarf , blazer , and slacks .
Elections , it seemed , could make a difference , even in Iran .
The backlash was severe : murdered intellectuals , shuttered newspapers , the president ’s helplessness before Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei .
Demonstrating students were killed ; Khatami was discredited .
Ahmadinejad claimed his place in history .
Ahmadinejad ’s mission was to return Iran to its fundamentalist roots — no more women in skimpy scarves , no more talk of making friends with America .
But instead of restoring Khomeini ’s revolution , he has seen it become increasingly irrelevant .
If Khatami ’s era , with the startling notion that Iran could once more be part of the larger world , was a watershed , then the post - Khatami era has been a flood , sweeping away , in all but name , the tenets of the Islamic revolution .
Once - bitter antipathies between families who hid women ’s shoes and families with home stills have lost their sting .
Ideology has given way to mundane concerns .
A young man told me Ahmadinejad has been a good president , because tours to Dubai now cost only $ 250 .
An old man told me Ahmadinejad has been a bad president , because the price of meat has quadrupled .
Iran in 2009 is a place where villages have solar panels , chadori ladies wear cell phones around their necks , and a government - supported plant manufactures mint - flavored condoms .
It is home to boys with spiked hair and girls who marry late and have little interest in motherhood .
The median age in the country is 27 .
The urban young spend their money on nose jobs and pizza and , all too often , drugs ; the shared dream of their generation is to learn English and go abroad .
For every government Internet filter there is an anti-filter making the rounds , rap dominates the underground music scene , and kids read the poet Hafez on their cell - phone screens .
The larger world is already here ; it remains only for Iran ’s leadership to acknowledge its presence .
One part of Khomeini ’s legacy has endured : Velayat - e- Faqih , dominion of the religious scholar .
Like Khomeini , Khamenei controls the courts , the media , and the men with guns .
Iran is as free as he wants it to be .
Yet even he cannot hold back the tide of history .
Both Ahmadinejad , in symbiosis with Iran ’s powerful Revolutionary Guard , and Mousavi , with his mandate for change , threaten the status quo .
A 30 - year monopoly on power guarantees that the enemy will be one of your own .
That ’s why the face of freedom in 2009 is a man with impeccable revolutionary credentials , a high - powered chadori wife , and family ties to the supreme leader .
Mousavi represents
Iran ’s past and its future , its limitations and its potential .
My family did not talk of this .
They have lived it .
Mostly they talked of Ahmadinejad : his crackdowns on women ’s dress , his attempts to mask the degree of inflation at home , the embarrassments he had wrought abroad .
A young woman who voted for him four years ago kept apologizing .
“ Now he is known , ” I told her .
“ Now he wo n’t draw from the middle or the left .
Only his die - hard supporters are with him now . ”
Mousavi , I predicted with the confidence of one who has little stake in the matter , would win .
“ Insha’Allah , ” she said .
If God wills .
Iran has a population of 70 million .
About 46 million were eligible to vote June 12th .
Late that night , a beaming Mousavi held a press conference saying the majority had voted for him .
The next day , Saturday , the Interior Ministry reported that 62.63 percent of eligible voters had voted for Ahmadinejad .
It took me a while to hear .
I spent my morning spreading wash on a folding rack in my living room , while admiring the sun shining on the acacia outside my window .
I ate a late breakfast and called a friend .
“ How are you ? ” I asked .
“ Not good , ” he said .
“ They announced Ahmadinejad is president . ”
That afternoon I visited neighbors .
Their large - screen TV was tuned to BBC Persian .
The video was on a loop , the caption “ Tehran . ” Plainclothesmen were beating and kicking a man .
He escaped into the bushes .
He sat down , cowering , only to be dragged away .
We stood silently in the overcrowded parlor , watching this inexorable sequence repeat itself .
My brain settled into a dual track : on the one hand , laundry ; on the other , the fate of a nation .
When I went to my aunt ’s for lunch , the city seemed calm .
Later , I learned that demonstrators had gathered outside Mousavi ’s campaign headquarters .
In Tehran people set cars and tires on fire .
At least one protester was killed in Vanak Square .
The older people I spoke to were resigned , the young ones despairing .
“ We wrote Mousavi , they read Ahmadi , ” a 30 - something teacher said .
She was wearing a green scarf and vowed to order a green manteau , the long jackets that are acceptable alternatives to the veil .
A government worker with tears in his eyes said he was going to quit his job .
“ Will Obama congratulate Ahmadinejad ? ” he asked angrily .
“ I do n’t know , ” I said .
Tehran was unusually green , thanks to a wet spring .
A light wind tossed the shining leaves of the willows along the highway called Yadegar - e - Emam , the Imam ’s Legacy .
I had risen before dawn to fly to the capital to request a visa for my American husband — an effort I later abandoned .
The radio in my yellow cab was at full volume .
Ahmadinejad was holding a press conference .
His voice filled the car : measured , at times paternal , with that armored indifference peculiar to bureaucrats .
“ You must have permits to gather and express your opinions , ” he said .
“ None have been issued . ” A reporter from The Economist asked about the regime ’s credibility following the vote count .
“ Do n’t concern yourself about us , ” Ahmadinejad said .
“ Freedom in Iran is close to absolute . ”
Traffic was moving especially slowly .
As we approached an overpass , horns started honking , one answering the other .
“ It ’s been happening all day , ” my driver said .
“ It ’s the only way people can express their frustration . ”
Ahmadinejad was saying : “ Iran is the most stable country in the world .
In Iran there is the rule of law , all are equal before the law .
Even at a soccer game it is possible for those watching to get angry and the authorities will be forced to clash with them .
It ’s a natural thing . ”
Later , he expounded on this theme : “ When you run a red light , the police write you a ticket .
We ’re not happy that anyone runs a red light and gets ticketed .
But they do . ”
At the Foreign Ministry , there was no hint of large events unfolding .
A steady stream of applicants wrangled with officials who were alternately lethargic and helpful .
One paid for my copying , brusquely rejecting the large bill I offered in lieu of change .
“ Just wanted to help you out , ” he said .
Afterward I rode uptown to a favorite bookstore .
As usual it was full of up­­scale shoppers examining cookbooks and philosophical tracts , paint sets and pottery .
The English section sold both Shakespeare and James Patterson .
The children ’s department had grown since my last visit : crammed with colorful puzzles , primers , Playmobil , and Lego .
I squeezed past a mother and daughter with an armful of Dickens .
“ Oliver Twist , Great Expectations . . . , ” the mother said , flipping through volumes .
“ I think you ’ve got all these . ”
In a spacious back room , a tourist studied a calligraphic scroll .
“ C’est magnifique , ” she said under her breath .
Outside the bookstore , two youths lounged in the shade .
One fell into step beside me , peddling a package of nylons .
“ I just want money for lunch , just like you .
Do n’t you want me to have lunch ? ”
When I paid up , the other youth took over , bombarding me with the same monologue .
I stared straight ahead , walking faster , searching for the car .
He hounded me until the last possible moment , the malice in his expression at odds with his pleading words .
On the way back to the airport , I stared out the window , taking in the city with a sense of perplexity .
The marble high - rises and glossy boutiques of the north end gave way gradually to cell - phone stores , kebabis , medical buildings , shoe stores , butchers , and on every corner a super , the little storefronts stacked to the ceiling with everything from potato chips to diapers .
I studied young women in boot - cut jeans and high - tops and young men with too much gel in their hair .
Oleander bloomed along the highway , the overpass lined with truncated Iranian flags with a cramped red “ allah ” crowded into a white center .
The city seemed vast and unfathomable to me : a teeming , dissonant nexus .
I knew it only in fragments .
Somewhere there was an antiques store owned by a reticent Jew who had sold me a golden menorah .
Somewhere there was a street named after a flower where an apartment complex had replaced my childhood home .
In the north there was a great prison , in the south a great bazaar .
Scattered throughout were the empty palaces of kings .
I was born in Tehran .
I went to school on Kakh Avenue , lugging my noontime rice and stew in a stacked tin pail .
I watched The Wind in the Willows on stage at the Iran American Society and learned the difference between le and la in the bohemian apartment of a Frenchwoman .
My sister and I paid monthly visits to a bookstore that sold Georgette Heyer and magazines featuring naked women performing fellatio on naked men .
The sky was a snow - laden gray in winter and a hot deep blue in the summer , and in the spring the cherry blossoms shed their petals in our garden .
The city has changed since then in uncounted ways — five million residents becoming 14 million , dull haze obscuring the snow - capped mountains — a wannabe London - Paris - Rome turning into a surly behemoth where past and present , West and East , clashed and fused .
Now as then , Tehran ’s distracted , shopworn face masked a self - renewing turbulence .
In the days to come , that turbulence would erupt .
Instead of commuters , the Metro would carry demonstrators through the bowels of the great city to spill roiling into the streets .
Tehran landmarks would fill television screens around the world : Vali Asr , Haft - e - Tir , Baharestan .
The flat - screen television at the airport showed Ahmadinejad behind banked flowers , waving clasped hands in victory as jubilant thousands cheered .
Later I read that there were riot police stationed around the square , beating back those who would have jeered .
Tuesday night I was in bed reading when I heard the cries .
“ Allah - u - Akbar . ” God is Great .
This challenge had been shouted from rooftops 30 years ago , when crowns , not turbans , were at stake .
I went to the window and pulled back the curtain .
White streetlights illuminated a still life : empty asphalt , darkened windows , shadowy swings in the park across the way .
The cry rose again ; a man ’s excited , fearful voice with the echo of a crowd behind it .
That afternoon I had watched on television as Khamenei addressed members of Parliament .
“ Everyone must stand against these troublemakers , ” he said .
Yesterday , hundreds of thousands had marched silently through Tehran , thousands more marched today .
The Basij , the volunteer militia , were breaking into homes to arrest rooftop callers .
I stood staring into the night and contemplated going out there , knowing I never would .
My children slept in the room next to mine .
Their presence protected me from having to face the cost of a vote in Iran .
A few days later , I visited a mountainside shrine south of Mashhad .
The imam there was a poor relative of the one whose death gave birth to the city .
His resting place was a shelf of rock above the arid plain , sheltered by corrugated metal instead of gold .
A woolly orange mat protected his threshold , accessible by means of 424 steps .
The steps were steep , hacked out of the mountain .
The sun was sinking in the pellucid sky as we climbed .
Everyone else was descending : women in chadors , children in plastic slippers , a trio of howling youths .
We crested the mountain to discover a roseate landscape , all golden light and soft shadow ; the creased earth stretching naked as far as the eye could see .
My friend Y. bent double to catch her breath .
“ Let ’s make a nazr right here , that Khamenei relieve us of his presence , ” she said .
A nazr is a pledge of good deeds in exchange for a desired outcome .
It was Friday , one week after the election .
She removed her shoes before crossing the imam ’s threshold to offer money and prayers .
I sat on a rock admiring the view .
My cell phone rang — my mother calling from Canada .
I assured her I was safe .
As we descended , smoke was rising from cook fires .
Children played amid makeshift dwellings .
Y.’s brother leaned over a wooden balcony .
“ Come have tea , ” he called .
We climbed up to a shack illuminated by a hissing kerosene lamp .
A weather - beaten man with missing teeth smiled and bowed and offered a tray of steaming glasses .
We passed around the sugar bowl , night falling upon us like a warm dry blanket .
Our car waited at the foot of a narrow path .
We raced toward it , laughing and calling through the dusk .
For an instant as I ran I was enveloped in the fragrance of steamed rice .
It was there and gone again , a fleeting promise of abundance denied .
The car was driven by a local man in his 30s , eager to discuss the elections .
“ Do you really think there was a mistake in the results ? ” he asked in a country drawl .
My friend X. recited statistical improbabilities .
The driver listened and nodded .
“ People are not so enlightened hereabouts , ” he said at last .
“ They only see the moment .
Democracy as such does not exist . ”
Most of his neighbors , he said , had voted for Ahmadinejad because of his rural subsidies .
His radio , tuned to Voice of America , provided a strange soundtrack for those empty plains , all earth and air , the other elements held in abeyance .
This was Saturday , June 20 .
In Tehran demonstrators were pouring into the streets again , police responding with bullets .
Later reports would place the death toll at 20 , including a girl named Neda Agha - Soltan , whose bloodied visage , captured on video , became an icon of resistance .
The settlements we passed seemed untouched by turmoil .
Stands of plane trees and poplars stood wind - tossed above a hodgepodge of façades , liberally defaced with scrawled advertisements : “ Zomorrod carpet washing , ” “ Fish , the food for health , ” “ Yaran soup noodles , ” “ Capital Mobile . ”
They advertised well digging and sand washing and kitchen renovations .
In the towns , posters of Ahmadinejad remained intact while Mousavi ’s were gone ; it was as if the president had run for reelection unopposed .
In retaliation , X. paid a potter ’s assistant $ 5 to remove Ahmadinejad posters .
Two were ripped down at once ; the largest , smiling from on high , would come down later , the man promised — after dark .
As the VOA announcer talked of 15 - year - olds bludgeoning demonstrators , I watched fields of wheat go by ; grapevines spilling over mud walls ; a square named for ugly metal flowers that reached for the sky .
People were calling in from around the world , urgent voices surfing a sea of static .
Mr. Khamenei , you cannot stop the people , this roaring wave . . .
We Azari people do not fear Mr. Khamenei . . .
These are not inciters , these are not dust and chaff , these are the Iranian people .
Dust and chaff : Ahmadinejad ’s oft - repeated phrase for demonstrators .
I watched a woman water her flowers with a hose , her arm describing patient arcs through the air , the water sparkling as it spilled forth .
Four days later I met D. , 24 , who had campaigned for Mousavi .
“ My mistake , ” he said , slouching beneath the weight of his backpack , his green sneakers worn .
He had been out of jail a week .
The Tuesday after the elections , he was among 2,000 demonstrators outside Mellat Park .
Security forces attacked with batons — D. caught a few blows across the back .
Families out for a stroll scattered , screaming .
He saw a man on a motorcycle surge onto the sidewalk , catching a little girl in the face .
Arrested protesters shouted phone numbers , begging strangers to notify their families .
Sometimes , D. said , sympathetic soldiers performed this service .
Five hours at a police station was followed by a blindfolded bus trip to another detention center .
D. was kept squatting in a courtyard for hours .
Around 2:00 A.M. he was fed a piece of bread and a tomato .
Outside , a spokesman reassured the throng of angry relatives : “ Your kids are calm , they ’re fine .
We ’re offering them hospitality as we speak . ”
By then the first shock had worn off , the assembled boys — girls were held separately — were whispering and laughing and calling blessings upon the Prophet .
Eventually , D. and four others were shepherded into a basement to sign written pledges of good conduct , six or seven pages long .
He did n’t read his .
He was fingerprinted , photographed , his image checked against film of prior demonstrations .
He was led through an underground passage .
It opened onto the street .
Only 24 hours had passed .
He could n’t believe it at first .
He just stood there .
As he spoke with me , his sullen mien turned animated .
He smiled as he described pre-election insults exchanged between rival sides : Mousavis were called green plums and Mama ’s boys ; Ahmadis were potatoes , for their candidate ’s ploy of handing out bags of supposedly surplus produce .
At the end of this recitation , D. said suddenly : “ No .
It was n’t a mistake . ”
He rummaged in his backpack for a long green scarf , which he pulled out to show me .
“ I still wear it when I go out , ” he said .
Iran ’s post-election unrest would generate between 2,000 and 4,000 prisoners and either 36 or 70 dead , depending on whether the government or the opposition was doing the counting .
Reports of rape and torture would lead in July to the release of 140 detainees from Evin prison and the closing of Kahrizak prison , both in Tehran .
Kahrizak was to become Iran ’s Abu Ghraib , its best - known victim Mohsen Rouholamini , scion of a prominent conservative family .
Rouholamini was 25 when he died of injuries including a crushed mouth .
The day I met D. I used an anti-filter obtained from a friend to get on YouTube .
In the solitude of my living room , after the kids were in bed , I was able at last to watch the video everyone had been talking about .
Still photos of the dead girl ’s face had seemed too stylized for authenticity — so much blood , the beautiful eyes with their fixed stare .
The video was all too real .
The sprawl of Neda Agha - Soltan ’s legs in jeans and sneakers , the rolled - back eyes that were not beautiful at all , testified to the ungainliness of flesh once the spirit has fled .
Panicked cries filled my apartment ; the living communing in vain with the dead : “ Neda do n’t be scared !
Neda do n’t be scared !
Neda stay !
Neda Stay ! ”
She was 27 .
Several days later I visited Tabas , a desert town leveled by an earthquake coinciding with the upheavals of the revolution .
Driving there we passed salt plains with triangular red signs marking camel crossings .
There were no camels — the only camel I ’ve ever seen was in the Toronto Zoo — but there was a plain blue and white sign that read : “ Tabas Desert , site of the landing and ignominious defeat of the invading forces of America . ”
The paint was fading , obliterating the last letter of “ invading ” and the first two letters of “ America . ”
No traces remained of the helicopter that crashed trying to rescue American hostages in 1980 .
No hint remained in Tabas of the rubble that buried three - quarters of its inhabitants , including my uncle and cousin , in 1978 .
We strolled past brightly lit shops selling chador fabric , towels , plastic slippers , and hammered copper .
The dry heat was pleasant , the streets crowded with idly strolling women in black veils and men in somber garb .
Outside a housewares store I noticed an intact poster of Mousavi .
He was smiling , Khatami at his side .
When I stepped up for a closer look , a young man materialized at the threshold to the store .
“ Do n’t take it down , ” he warned .
“ I was n’t going to . ”
We exchanged smiles .
He leaned against the doorjamb .
It was obvious to me that he had been guarding this poster since the election .
“ We were supporters of his , ” he said .
He sighed .
“ Pity . ”
My last week in Mashhad , we drove to a remote village for a picnic .
My friend V. and I left the men building a fire and waded through a garbage - strewn stream bordered by cherry orchards .
It was a holiday .
Behind stacked slate walls , local families were setting up their samovars .
They stared at our soaked garments and loose headscarves , but invited us politely to share their fare .
We declined with equal politeness .
Beyond the village the stream ran free of garbage .
I saw a donkey grazing on the bank .
A rocky escarpment loomed over a sunny orchard where a woman tended a cook fire .
We scrambled up the slope and asked to buy fruit .
A wiry young man in an open - necked shirt finished lighting his cigarette from the fire and bounded over a tree trunk to negotiate .
His diffident smile revealed a hint of gold tooth .
He helped us fill a leather pail with fruit , cigarette hanging from his lip .
“ Is this your orchard ? ” I asked .
He shook his head .
“ The owner lives in Mashhad . ”
I steered the talk to the elections .
Most everyone in his village of 600 had voted for Ahmadinejad , he said .
“ Were you for Mousavi ? ”
We faced each other over a cluster of sour cherries , the fruit jewel bright against the verdant greens of the orchard .
“ Yes , ” I said .
He nodded .
“ You ’re wealthy .
The wealthy are all for Mousavi .
But Ahmadinejad is better for we mostazafan . ”
This was a revolutionary term akin to Argentina ’s descamisados or France ’s les miserables .
It means “ downtrodden . ”
He looked nervous when I took out my notebook .
I promised I would n’t use his name .
His gaze measured my honesty .
“ We have a good country , ” he said at last .
“ I ’m satisfied with my country . ”
One of the first things I did after I got back to the United States was look for my birth certificate .
I found it exactly where it was supposed to be , hidden beneath a sheaf of photocopies and old passport photos .
I stared at the red cover , disappointed in myself .
A few days later , I was studying a Tehran map when I noticed that the highway called Legacy of the Imam ends at Evin Prison .
Did they plan it that way , the men who remade the map of Iran after waving the banner of freedom , or did it just happen ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A Swiss man has failed in his attempt to become the first person to fly solo across the Strait of Gibraltar using a single jet - propelled wing .
Yves Rossy , known as Jetman , ditched in the water and was rescued minutes after setting off from above Morocco .
Organisers said he had deployed his parachute after the wing malfunctioned , possibly owing to engine failure .
The 50 - year - old became the first person to cross the Channel using a jet - powered wing in September 2008 .
Wednesday 's 38 km ( 23 mile ) flight had been billed as the first crossing of its kind over the north Atlantic between Africa and Europe .
It appeared to begin well as Mr Rossy launched himself from a small plane about 1,950 m ( 6,500 ft ) above Tangier in Morocco .
Thumbs - up
The former fighter pilot had planned to cut his engines , open a parachute and land in Atlanterra , southern Spain , after a flight lasting up to a quarter of an hour .
But within minutes it was clear all was not well and Mr Rossy plunged into the sea .
He was unhurt when fished from the water by a helicopter , but had been taken to hospital as a precaution , said organisers .
" The good news is that he is fine , " Stuart Sterzel , spokesman for sponsors Webtel.mobi , told reporters near Atlanterra .
" He gave the thumbs - up sign through the door of the helicopter . "
He added that Mr Rossy would probably attempt the crossing again in the new year .
Before setting off on Wednesday , Mr Rossy had said the main dangers were engine failure and losing control of the wing .
The Spanish coast guard was expected to retrieve the wing and parachute from the sea .
The carbon - fibre jet - propelled craft , with a span of more than 2 m ( 6ft 6in ) , is designed for speeds of 220 km/h ( 138 mph ) .
World 's oldest plant is 13,000 - year - old oak that survives by cloning itself
A plant that started life during the last Ice Age is still going strong in the arid scrublands of California , scientists revealed today .
Researchers believe the Jurupa Oak has been around for 13,000 years , making it the oldest living plant in the world .
The oak is made up of a community of cloned bushes and scientists believe it has managed to survive the extreme effects of climate change by regenerating .
Professor Jeffrey Ross - Ibarra with the Jurupa Oak that grows by cloning itself
The Jurupa Oak , which belongs to the species Quercus palmeri or Palmer 's Oak , is named after the windswept Jurupa hills where it lives .
This species of trees usually occur in cooler and wetter regions .
The strange location of the Jurupa was the first clue for the team that it might have unusual origins .
Study leader , Jeffrey Ross - Ibarra , said : ' Palmer ’s Oak normally occurs at much higher elevations , in cooler , wetter climates .
' In contrast , the Jurupa Oak scrapes by in dry chaparral , wedged between granite boulders and stunted by high winds , atop a small hill in plain sight of suburban backyards . '
The team also discovered that the oak did n't produce any fertile acorns , suggesting an unconventional form of growth .
A view of the bushes that make up the 25 - yard long Jurupa Oak clone
Genetic testing revealed the tangled cluster of stems was in fact a single individual , according to their study published in online journal PLoS ONE .
Clonal growth occurs after a fire , when resprouts form around the base of burned stems .
Over time , wood in the centre degrades , and new resprouts form after additional fires , leaving behind the haphazard collection of stems visible today .
Because no new stems arise from acorns , the organism can only have achieved its current size - more than 25 yards long - through this method of resprouting .
Scientists from the University of California were therefore able to work out the age of the clone by estimating its rate of growth from the rings in the stems .
Co-author Andrew Sanders , said : ' This literally appears to be a last living remnant of a vanished woody vegetation that occupied the inland valleys at the height of the Ice Age . '
The paper can be viewed on the PLoS website
Authors are split over the deal Amazon has urged a New York court to reject a deal that would allow Google to build a vast digital library .
The online retailer says that if Google is given exclusive rights to scan books for use on the internet , it is " likely to lead to a monopoly " .
Interested groups and authors have until 28 January to file objections to the project to a US court .
Google says the project will " unlock access to millions of books " and give authors new ways to distribute books .
Google Books aims to scan millions of books worldwide and make them available - and searchable - online .
It was first launched in 2004 but was put on hold a year later when the Authors Guild of America and Association of American Publishers sued over " massive copyright infringement " .
As a result , in 2008 Google agreed to pay $ 125 m ( £ 77 m ) to create a Book Rights Registry , where authors and publishers could register works and receive compensation .
A decision on whether the deal could go through was originally scheduled for early October .
' Split opinion '
But , the presiding Judge sent the deal back to the drawing board after criticism and objections from around the world .
Groups have until 28 January to file objections to the revised settlement to a US court , which will decide whether to approve it .
Authors have the same deadline to opt - out of the project .
A fairness hearing has then been set for 18 February .
In the run up to the deadline , industry and authors have once again started mounting pressure on Google .
If approved by the court , this settlement stands to unlock access to millions of books in the US while giving authors and publishers new ways to distribute their work
Google spokesperson
Google hits back at book critics Fantasy writer Ursula K Le Guin has asked for the US to be excluded from the project .
In an open letter to Judge Denny Chin , who will preside over the hearing , Ms Le Guin expresses concern about the " opt- out " clause in the settlement , which she says " disguises an assault on authors ' rights " .
It means that unless authors in certain countries specifically do not give their permission , their books will be scanned and eventually sold in digital form by Google Books , who will share a percentage of the revenue .
" Google , like any other publisher or entity , should be required to obtain permission from the owner to purchase or use copyrighted material , item by item , " she wrote .
Her letter has been signed by 365 other authors also concerned about the plan .
In addition , Ms Le Guin says that the National Writers Union , the American Society of Journalists and Authors and the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America are against the proposed settlement .
However not all authors oppose Google 's proposals .
Amy Tan , Simon Winchester and the heir of John Steinbeck are among those who support the move .
" If approved by the court , this settlement stands to unlock access to millions of books in the US while giving authors and publishers new ways to distribute their work , " said a Google spokesperson .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Back in September , thousands of Internet users tapped their feet to the brilliant open letter on piracy , sent to Lily Allen by musician Dan Bull .
As November draws to a close , Dan is back again , this time taking a swipe at everyone 's favorite twice - fired , unelected politician Lord Mandelson and his controversial Digital Economy Bill .
When Lily Allen inflamed the UK , and indeed , much of the Internet with her views on piracy a couple of months ago , it was difficult to see who could come along and create more controversy on the issue .
But of course , Britain has a secret weapon – Peter Mandelson .
Lord Mandelson , or ‘ Mandy ’ to those speaking of him affectionately , has truly set the cat among the pigeons with his Digital Economy Bill , pleasing almost no - one apart from Big Music and Big Movies , and alienating everyone from most of the ISPs in the country through to millions of Internet users .
In protest , ISP TalkTalk is running the Don’t Disconnect
Us campaign , which is gathering great momentum after being endorsed by Stephen Fry earlier this week , and hopefully will receive yet another boost with the help of some catchy music and cutting lyrics .
Yes , just when you thought it was safe after ‘ Dear Lily ’ – musician Dan Bull is back , this time with a new track – ‘ Dear Mandy ’ .
“ I ’ve just recorded and uploaded a new video , aimed at Peter Mandelson , and getting people to sign the petition against his three strikes bill , ” Dan told Torrent Freak .
“ The most worrying part of the Bill is that Mandy has given himself the power to create new legislation as he pleases , meaning he can pretty much do whatever he wants to people he suspects of copyright infringement , ” added Dan , echoing the autocracy fears outlined by the Liberal Democrats last week .
“ This is one of the most serious threats to privacy and presumption of innocence in the UK for a long time .
I would urge people who are concerned about this to contact their MPs , and sign the petition , Dan concluded .
Here is Dan ’s great new track – ‘ Dear Mandy ’ – and UK citizens , do n’t forget to sign the petition !
Readers interested in hearing more about Dan can jump over to our side - blog over at FreakBits where we have published an interview .
Dan ’s MySpace page can be found here and his album ‘ Safe ’ is available from FreshNut but can also be downloaded digitally from iTunes , Amazon , Napster and all good file - sharing networks .
Captain America is dead .
Long live Cap !
He ’s as Amer-iconic as Uncle Sam and the Lincoln Memorial .
He ’s bigger than life while still as down - home as hot dogs , apple pie , and baseball .
And for the past two years , he ’s been dead .
As everyone knows , though , in the superhero world nobody stays dead forever .
This month , Marvel Comics is bringing back the red - white - and - blue Avenger in a storyline called “ Captain America Reborn . ”
But that ’s perhaps the best part about Captain America :
He ’s been reborn and reborn again , as the times dictate , ever since his creation back in 1941 .
“ The appeal of the character is that he stands for something .
He stands for something bigger and greater , ” says Marvel senior editor Tom Brevoort , who , among other titles , oversees Captain America .
“ He represents American values rather than the particular dogma of the day .
“ Most people in the abstract agree with what he represents even if , in their own lives , they have shades of gray .
Cap is black and white .
He ’s red , white , and blue . ”
But , Brevoort says , Cap has also been a reflection of the times .
“ He can have meanings layered on to him as far as what he represents and what he can be made to represent , ” Brevoort says .
“ Different people at different times do different things .
Creators have wanted and needed to express different things over the years .
Much of that was dealt with overtly . ”
Take a look , for example , at the circumstances surrounding Cap ’s birth .
The world was ravaged by war .
Writer Joe Simon and artist Jack Kirby cooked up a hero who personified America in the fight against Fascism : Government scientists injected a scrawny , stereotypical weakling , Steve Rogers , with their top - secret Super Soldier serum , miraculously transforming him into the perfect human fighting machine .
The character quickly became Timely Comics ’ most popular because readers could live vicariously through his exploits .
After all , while Ordinary Joe might not be able to do much about the Nazis , Captain America could punch Hitler right in the friggin ’ chopper .
“ It was less about his individual struggle than what was going on on the world stage , Brevoort says .
Cap vanished from the scene during the 1950s , but as Timely evolved into Marvel , and the so - called “ Silver Age ” of comics began , Cap made a comeback , resurrected from suspended animation by a group of heroes known as the Avengers .
Cap joined the group and remained one of the company ’s most stalwart characters right through the seventies .
By October of 1980 , in issue # 250 , Captain America was nominated to run for president .
As the eighties wore on , though , Cap ’s fortunes dipped a bit and sales began to flag .
“ Cap has not been as center - stage or as well - known during the last twenty years , ” Brevoort says .
“ In many respects , that ’s no different from the rise and fall of other Marvel mainstays .
There will always be a flavor of the day . ”
But , says Brevoort , “ Cap has had long - term staying power . ”
“ Cap is wrapped in the flag , ” Brevoort says .
“ His name is Captain America .
He ’s not Captain Freedom or Captain Liberty or anything like that .
That makes him iconic . ”
That status as an icon makes Captain America dramatically different than other Marvel characters , too .
“ Most characters are about who is in the suit , the person , not the costume or the powers , ” Brevoort explains .
“ That was the great innovation of Marvel — it was about the characters .
Cap is the one who kind of defies that .
He ’s more Cap than Steve Rogers .
He gets his symbolic power from the suit . ”
That symbolic power made Captain America wildly popular following the events of 9/11 .
“ There was an immediate longing for Captain America in the world , ” Brevoort says .
“ People were hungry for patriotic symbols .
They wanted to be reassured that American could still kick ass . ”
Since then , Cap ’s presence has loomed large in the Marvel Universe .
“ The things Cap symbolizes are more in the forefront of the psychology of the world , ” Brevoort says .
It helps , too , that comics today are better written , more immediate , more worthwhile , than they used to be back when they were merely “ funny books . ”
“ They have a relevance to the lives of our readership , ” Brevoort says .
That was demonstrated perhaps most effectively in Marvel ’s 2006 - 2007 crossover event , Civil War , which explored very real questions about personal liberty versus communal security .
In a move that shocked many fans , Captain America , the ever - faithful soldier , went rogue by disobeying government orders that required all superhumans to register their secret identities or face criminal prosecution .
The leader of the pro-registration side of the argument was Cap ’s close friend and colleague , Iron Man .
But perhaps that ’s not so surprising to long - term fans , who can look back to the post - Watergate era and see a Captain America who gave up his identity to become “ The Nomad ” because he was disillusioned by the government — or , similarly , in the post - Iran - Contra era , when a disillusioned Cap gave up his identity to become “ The Captain . ”
In both instances , he resumed his role as Captain America because , in the end , he realized that he represented the American Dream , not the American government .
In the Civil War , Cap eventually surrendered in an attempt to mitigate collateral damage .
Before his subsequent trial began , he was assassinated on the steps of the courthouse .
The issue , Captain America # 25 , was the best - selling comic of the month , and the event was reported widely in mainstream media .
“ That stirred up such a visceral reaction , ” Brevoort says .
“ Reaction was so strong nobody anticipated it .
We had no idea it was going to be as big as it turned out to be .
It was terrifying , confounding , exciting . ”
Brevoort says the editorial team had considered many different ways to end the Civil War storyline —
“ Have Cap get on his motorcycle and ride off to ‘ rediscover America , ’ ” for instance — but the assassination provided the freshest ideas and boldest possibilities for good stories .
And that , says Brevoort , is the key : “ When you think about things in different ways , the boundaries are limitless .
Anything can happen . ”
The challenge then became , “ How do we run a Captain America book with no Captain America ? ”
In the most recent storyline , Cap ’s former junior partner , Bucky Barnes , now adult , has assumed his mentor ’s mantle .
“ Bucky is classic Marvel - style .
He has a more Marvel - centric flavor , is more grounded in the Marvel tradition , ” Brevoort says .
“ His story over the past two years has been more about the person in the suit than the suit itself .
His struggle is that he ’s striving to live up to the ideal .
He has to put aside all this horrible stuff from his past and keep the legacy alive .
He ’s just gone about that in a different way .
It has added a lot of dimension and character to the icon . ”
In August of 2009 , Marvel launched a storyline to bring Captain America back from the dead .
Turns out , Cap was n’t just shot on the courthouse steps — he was somehow forced to become “ unstuck in time ” by his arch - nemesis , the former Nazi villain the Red Skull .
Originally slated to last five issues , “ Captain America Reborn ” extended to a sixth issue so that creators could “ tell the story to its fullest . ”
Was Cap ’s resurrection ever in doubt ?
Most experienced comic fans would undoubtedly say “ No . ” After all , when D.C. killed off Superman in 1992 , they only kept him dead for less than a year .
At Marvel , comic book deaths and resurrections had become so cliché that the company had even instituted a rule during the last ten years that basically said , “ No deaths unless they actually mean something . ”
Brevoort is convinced , however , that Cap ’s death was appropriately poignant and that his rebirth does mean something .
And he believes there are many more Captain America stories worth telling .
“ People can take him unto themselves , ” Brevoort says .
“ They can say , ‘ Cap is one of ours . ’ ”
After all , he ’s been “ one of ours ” for seventy years now .
Here ’s to seventy more : Long live Cap !
For those that missed this article yesterday , here 's a synopsis of my basic feelings on the secondary scoring situation :
Splitting up HTML at even strength is probably going to be a positive thing against the Western Conference elite defenses because it allows San Jose to roll two lines with league - leading goal scorers , making it more difficult to gameplan for the Sharks .
Setoguchi will get better looks with Thornton , and Marleau will make Pavelski / Clowe more dynamic .
. Setoguchi will get better looks with Thornton , and Marleau will make Pavelski / Clowe more dynamic .
Secondary scoring is what buried the Sharks last year in the playoffs .
Nabokov 's five hole did n't help .
The decline of Rob Blake and loss of Christian Ehrhoff has hurt the defensive production , which in turn has increased the burden for Heatley and Marleau to provide the majority of the team 's offense .
Douglas Murray is currently second on the blueline in goals scored with 3 to his name .
That speaks for itself .
and loss of has hurt the defensive production , which in turn has increased the burden for Heatley and Marleau to provide the majority of the team 's offense .
is currently second on the blueline in goals scored with 3 to his name .
That speaks for itself .
An upgrade at the forward position probably wo n't be in the cards outside the organization , but Doug from DOH raises a point TCY and I were just talking about yesterday as well -- Logan Couture could make an appearance in the playoffs when the salary cap no longer applies to teams .
It 's an interesting possibility , and further strengthens Wilson 's ability to go out and get an upgrade for the defensive unit .
We have names lined up similar to Denis Seidenberg that will drop mid-February during our Olympic coverage , but what DW will be looking at is a player in the $ 2 - 3 M range that is sound defensively .
Scoring touch would n't hurt ( Sheldon Souray , even with the injury issues , is very enticing ) , but those players will likely be out of the Sharks price range .
could make an appearance in the playoffs when the salary cap no longer applies to teams .
It 's an interesting possibility , and further strengthens Wilson 's ability to go out and get an upgrade for the defensive unit .
We have names lined up similar to Denis Seidenberg that will drop mid-February during our Olympic coverage , but what DW will be looking at is a player in the $ 2 - 3 M range that is sound defensively .
Scoring touch would n't hurt ( , even with the injury issues , is very enticing ) , but those players will likely be out of the Sharks price range .
That being said , I 'm no longer firmly of the mindset that an upgrade on defense is the only thing this team needs , especially after researching my latest two pieces .
Secondary scoring is an issue for this club , and while I still think the defense is the number one priority here ( due in part to the fact that it would help mask our scoring depth ironically ) , I plan on identifying cheap potential trade targets on the offensive side of the ice as well .
In order for the Sharks to be successful , Setoguchi , Clowe , and Pavelski need to get the engines going .
Big time .
Although they have looked better lately , it 's essential they convert that energy into tangible scoring results .
Breaking up HTML will help that considerably .
And yes , as I 've asserted for nearly a year now , I do n't think Staubitz and Shelley are a better fit for this team compared to other options , this year 's being Frazer McLaren .
It 's a dead horse I 'm done beating after today , just like the assertion that Nabokov should n't be climbing into the 70 + starts range during an Olympic season .
You can only make a point so many times before you start to drive yourself mad , and being a lonely twenty something year old who eats Pop Tarts for dinner , I have enough to be mad about .
No more from me on the subject ( feel free to knock yourselves out , of course ) until at least early February .
At any rate , here 's a data dump of scoring output from all the Western Conference teams who made it to the second round of The Months That Shall Not Be Named since the lockout .
I have arbitrarily deemed these teams the most " succesful " squads due to their ability to advance at least one round ; if there is an issue with this method , I will happily calculate the production of all playoff teams during these years .
Categories are broken down the same way they were yesterday , so check there if you 're unsure of what you 're looking at , and what you 're looking for .
The current Sharks team is listed at the top of every list , with all relevant categories averaged out to an 82 game season in order to provide a basis of comparison .
All other teams are listed in order of how far they went in the playoffs -- the top team will be the winner of the Clarence S. Campbell Bowl , and the last team will be the one who was knocked out first in the second round .
2008 -2009 Team Goal Scoring
Team Top 2
Rest Tot. GF
Top 2 %
San Jose ( Current )
101 155 256 39.45
Detroit
74 215 289 25.60
Chicago
63
197
260 24.23
Anaheim
63 175 238 26.40
Vancouver
59 184 243 24.28
The next three seasons after the jump .
2007 -2008 Team Goal Scoring
Team Top 2
Rest Tot. GF
Top 2 %
San Jose ( Current )
101 155 256 39.45
Detroit
74 178 252 29.37
Dallas
59
178
237 24.89
San Jose
53 163 216 24.54
Colorado
55 161 216 25.46
2006 - 2007 Team Goal Scoring
Team Top 2
Rest Tot. GF
Top 2 %
San Jose ( Current )
101 155 256 39.45
Anaheim
77 177 254 30.31
Detroit
63
189
252 25.00
San Jose
69 187 256 26.95
Vancouver
60 157 217 27.65
2005 - 2006 Team Goal Scoring
Team Top 2
Rest Tot. GF
Top 2 %
San Jose ( Current )
101 155 256 39.45
Edmonton
63 186 249 25.30
Anaheim
74
177
251 29.48
San Jose
90 175 265 33.96
Colorado
64 216 280 22.86
As we can see , the Sharks top two goal scorers percentage is nearly unprecedented in the current NHL -- no team that has reached the second round in the last four seasons has seen numbers that high .
Only during Jonathan Cheechoo's Rocket Richard year in 05 - 06 do we witness a team climb significantly above that 30 % threshold .
Furthermore , the projected raw totals of the secondary scorers are dead last amongst these teams .
Coupled with yesterday 's findings that they are tied for sixth in this category in regards to possible 2010 playoff opponents , it 's safe to say that the Sharks are relying almost solely on the talents of Heatley and Marleau to win games .
I think that much is fairly undebatable , even if you disagree with the assertion that McLellan should split them in order to balance out the attack .
It 's a blessing to have two talented goal - scorers on the team right now , but you have to wonder how sustainable this is during a seven game series against an elite defensive pairing who can extensively gameplan for one superstar line .
This is what concerned me the very day Doug Wilson made the trade for Dany Heatley , and while I agree that San Jose received the better end of the deal because they were able to dump Cheechoo 's $ 3 M contract , it 's an issue that should be acknowledged when discussing the long term success of this club both this season and beyond .
The salary cap situation makes it a tough proposition to state that a deadline deal is a given , and although Doug Wilson has proved that he is able to make the blockbuster deal for big - contract players , it will be interesting to see how well he does in upgrading the team 's depth with essentially no room to maneuver .
There 's not a lot of options , and assets , left for him to work with .
Go Sharks .
" Sharks Gameday : Secondary " accompanies this posting .
A new study has found that Vitamin D , readily available in supplements or cod liver oil , can counter the effects of Crohn 's disease .
John
White , an endocrinologist at the Research Institute of the McGill University Health Centre , led a team of scientists from McGill University and the Université de Montréal who present their findings about the inflammatory bowel disease in the Journal of Biological Chemistry .
" Our data suggests , for the first time , that Vitamin D deficiency can contribute to Crohn 's disease , " says Dr. White , a professor in McGill 's Department of Physiology , noting that people from northern countries , which receive less sunlight that is necessary for the fabrication of Vitamin D by the human body , are particularly vulnerable to Crohn 's disease .
Vitamin D , in its active form ( 1,25 - dihydroxyvitamin D ) , is a hormone that binds to receptors in the body 's cells .
Dr. White 's interest in Vitamin D was originally in its effects in mitigating cancer .
Because his results kept pointing to Vitamin D's effects on the immune system , specifically the innate immune system that acts as the body 's first defense against microbial invaders , he investigated Crohn 's disease .
" It 's a defect in innate immune handling of intestinal bacteria that leads to an inflammatory response that may lead to an autoimmune condition , " stresses Dr. White .
What Vitamin D does
Dr. White and his team found that Vitamin D acts directly on the beta defensin 2 gene , which encodes an antimicrobial peptide , and the NOD2 gene that alerts cells to the presence of invading microbes .
Both Beta - defensin and NOD2 have been linked to Crohn 's disease .
If NOD2 is deficient or defective , it cannot combat invaders in the intestinal tract .
What 's most promising about this genetic discovery , says Dr. White , is how it can be quickly put to the test .
" Siblings of patients with Crohn 's disease that have n't yet developed the disease might be well advised to make sure they 're vitamin D sufficient .
It 's something that 's easy to do , because they can simply go to a pharmacy and buy Vitamin D supplements .
The vast majority of people would be candidates for Vitamin D treatment . "
" This discovery is exciting , since it shows how an over - the - counter supplement such as Vitamin D could help people defend themselves against Crohn 's disease , " says Marc J. Servant , a professor at the Université de Montréal 's Faculty of Pharmacy and study collaborator .
" We have identified a new treatment avenue for people with Crohn 's disease or other inflammatory bowel diseases . "
This study was funded by a grant from McGill University .
Liberals frustrated with the decision to drop a public option are now attacking a core principle of health care reform : the individual mandate .
Greg Sargent and Ben Smith quote Jim Dean , brother of Howard , in an e-mail that just went out to Democracy for America :
Senate leaders are all over Washington claiming they finally have a healthcare reform bill they can pass , as long as they remove the public option .
After all , they say that even without a public option , the bill still " covers " 30 million more Americans .
What they are actually talking about is something called the " individual mandate . "
That 's a section of the law that requires every single American buy health insurance or break the law and face penalties and fines .
So , the bill does n't actually " cover " 30 million more Americans -- instead it makes them criminals if they do n't buy insurance from the same companies that got us into this mess .
Well , ok , I suppose that 's true in a technical sense .
But the people making ( and listening ) to this argument should know that it 's equally true of several universal coverage systems abroad .
The Netherlands and Switzerland require their residents to purchase health insurance from private carriers .
Residents who do not are subject to fines .
Yet most knowledgeable followers of health care policy have only good things to say about the Dutch system and mostly ( though not always ) good things to say about the Swiss counterpart .
“ News flash : skeptics hack the Answers in Genesis website ! ”
Or , at least , that was the joke Skeptic co-publisher Pat Linse made when I read her some pro-natural selection material from the young Earth creationist organization ’s slick online portal .
For years , I ’ve been surprised how rarely this is mentioned : young Earth creationists need Darwin to be right — and when you press them on it , they often agree that he was .
Does n’t sound like the creationism you know ?
It ’s not a hacker ’s prank , and it ’s not a radical re-thinking of creationism .
It is , however , a nuance as important as it is surprising : creationist leaders share Darwin ’s belief that species routinely change ( and even originate ) through mutation and natural selection .
Indeed , according to Answers In Genesis ’ ( AiG ) current web feature “ Top 10 Myths About Creation , ” it ’s a straw - man to suppose creationists think otherwise :
A popular caricature of creationists is that we teach the fixity of species ( i.e. , species do n’t change ) .
And since species obviously do change , evolutionists enjoy setting up this straw - man argument to win a debate that was never really there in the first place .
Lest we have doubt about what they mean when they insist that “ species obviously do change , ” the same AiG article clarifies ,
Species changing via natural selection and mutations is perfectly in accord with what the Bible teaches .
Moreover , many creationist organizations agree that new species originate through these well - understood Darwinian processes .
As Creation Ministries International ( CMI ) explains ,
Thirteen species of finches live on the Galápagos , the famous island group visited by Charles Darwin in the 1830s .
The finches have a variety of bill shapes and sizes , all suited to their varying diets and lifestyles .
The explanation given by Darwin was that they are all the offspring of an original pair of finches , and that natural selection is responsible for the differences .
Surprisingly to some , this is the explanation now held by most modern creationists .
Think about that for a moment .
Given the super - heated rhetoric creationists use against Darwin , the magnitude of this concession is staggering : it is nothing less than the assertion that Darwin was right .
Nor do creationists merely concede that new species could , in principle , arise from natural evolutionary processes : they assert that this actually happens .
For example , this is emphasized in AiG ’s Answer magazine article “ Do Species Change ? ” :
To his credit , Darwin corrected a popular misunderstanding .
Species do change .
Since Darwin ’s day , many observations have confirmed this .
In fact , new species have even been shown to arise within a single human lifetime .
For example , one study gave evidence that sockeye salmon introduced into Lake Washington , USA , between 1937 and 1945 had split into two reproductively isolated populations ( i.e. , two separate species ) in fewer than 13 generations ( a maximum of 56 years ) .
Likewise , Philip Johnson , an architect of intelligent design creationism , argues that
Darwinian theory tells us how a certain amount of diversity in life forms can develop once we have various types of complex living organisms already in existence .
If a small population of birds happens to migrate to an isolated island , for example , a combination of inbreeding , mutation , and natural selection may cause this isolated population to develop different characteristics from those possessed by the ancestral population on the mainland .
When the theory is understood in this limited sense , Darwinian evolution is uncontroversial , and has no important philosophical or theological implications .
This process of adaptive radiation was Darwin ’s key Galápagos discovery .
It is also , bizarrely enough , essential for those biblical literalists who accept a world - wide flood .
The reason , of course , is that the Earth has far more extant and extinct animal species than could possibly fit inside Noah ’s ark .
CMI explains ,
Creationists have long proposed such ‘ splitting under selection ’ from the original kinds , explaining for example wolves , coyotes , dingoes and other wild dogs from one pair on the Ark .
The need for adaptive radiation puts creationists in the unexpected position of arguing that evolutionary processes are even more powerful than mainstream scientists suppose .
The question of time has , however , been seized upon by anti-creationists .
They insist that it would take a much longer time than Scripture allows .
…
Instead , it is real , observed evidence that such ( downhill ) adaptive formation of several species from the one created kind can easily take place in a few centuries .
It does n’t need millions of years .
The argument is strengthened by the fact that , after the Flood , selection pressure would have been much more intense — with rapid migration into new , empty niches , residual catastrophism and changing climate as the Earth was settling down and drying out , and simultaneous adaptive radiation of differing food species .
Now , before I am accused of quote - mining , let me be very clear : all of these authors and organizations emphatically reject the idea that evolutionary processes are sufficient to explain the diversity of life .
All insist that intentional , intelligent design played a creative role in biological history — and that there are strict limits to the amount of biological change that may be generated by Darwinian processes .
As Answers in Genesis puts it ,
Modern creationists need to challenge both the unbiblical essentialist ideas that underlie species fixity and the naturalistic ideas that underpin evolution from a common ancestor .
The truth lies somewhere between these two extremes : yes , species change , but variation has clear limits .
You ’re probably familiar with the distinction creationists draw here , between what they term “ microevolution ” and “ macroevolution . ”
As Creation Ministries International clarifies ,
Natural selection , yes .
But to infer that this equates to evolution , in the sense in which we are meant to take it ( microbes - to - microbiologists ) , no .
According to this common view , living things may adapt , through evolutionary processes , in response to new ecological niches , genetic novelty , or environmental conditions — but only so far .
How far ?
Young Earth creationists hypothesize an additional unobserved cap upon the regular evolutionary processes we observe in nature : living things may vary only “ within created kinds . ”
That ’s easy to say , but elusive as smoke to nail down — because no one knows what a “ created kind ” might be in practical terms .
As used currently , the definition seems completely fluid , meaning whatever is convenient .
Sometimes “ created kind ” means “ species , ” but sometimes not .
Sometimes it seems to go much higher up the taxonomic chain : genus , or family , or even order .
Trying to make heads or tails of this is a creationist project called “ Baraminology , ” or “ creation biosystematics . ”
This , according to Creationwiki , is an effort “ to determine which forms of life are related , and which are not ” from a young Earth creationist perspective ; that is , to figure out where observed evolution ends and creation takes over .
The fossil record shows no such “ created kinds ” limit ( quite the opposite — common descent is a clear fact of biological history ) , but let ’s set that aside for a second .
As it stands today , biologists , intelligent design creationists , young Earth creationists , and mainstream religious leaders ( such as the Pope ) agree that species may change and arise through the processes Darwin identified .
Let ’s just stop for a moment and enjoy that .
No Pants 2008 in New York
As in years past , there are No Pants Subway Rides happening in cities around the world on January 10 , the same day as our annual event in New York .
If your town has a subway system or some form of mass transportation ( bus? trolley ? ) , then get involved and organize your own ride .
If you want to be the leader for your town ’s ride , create a Facebook event and post a link to it in the comments below so we can promote it on this page .
Here are all of the cities that currently have rides being organized for this year :
Adelaide
Amsterdam
Atlanta
Barcelona
Berlin
Boston
Brisbane
Buenos Aires
Buffalo
Calgary
Charlotte
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas | Dallas 2
Denver
Edmonton
Gothenburg
Honolulu
Lisbon
London
Los Angeles
Madrid
Melbourne
Mexico City
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Pittsburgh
Portland , OR | Portland , OR 2
Salt Lake City
San Diego
San Francisco
Seattle
Stockholm
Sydney
Tokyo
Toronto
Toulouse
Vancouver
Vienna
Warsaw
Washington , DC
Zürich
If you participate in a regional ride and use twitter , tag your posts with #nopants and @improvevery so everyone can follow along with other cities throughout the day .
We will be updating this page with links to any new cities .
Leave any corrections or additions in the comments .
JJ Abrams and Alice in Wonderland :
What 's the connection ?
Lost is rife with Carroll - isms , and now Fringe is falling down the same rabbit hole .
We investigate the Abrams / Alice relationship just in time for Fringe to pick up January 11th .
Advertisement
Abrams has been mining the Alice mythos for years - Alias , Lost , and yes , even Felicity are all filled to the brim with Into the Looking Glass subtext and , as is the case with Fringe , actual context .
For the sake of brevity , topicality and to spare you the pain of many , many white rabbit - related metaphors we 'll keep the focus on Fringe with a bit of Abrams ' back catalog to support the theory .
Alice in Abramsland
" Oh how brave they 'll all think me back home ! "
We know Abrams has a penchant for pretty female characters cast adrift in dangerous waters .
Sydney Bristow , Kate Austen ( who was originally slated to lead the Losties , not Jack ) and Abrams ' current muse Agent Olivia Dunham all embody the Alice character : fearless young women with unhappy home lives and an insatiable amount of curiosity .
Advertisement
Think about it - Olivia has no qualms about stepping into Walter 's LSD box time and time again , essentially mimicking the " Drink Me " scene in Alice 's Adventures and eventually finds herself at the end of Season one on the other side of the looking glass talking to William Bell in a parallel reality .
William Bell may even be her white rabbit , as evidenced by the Fringe Season
Two poster revealing a bunny in the shrubbery wearing a tiny bell around his neck .
And , of course , they are all surrounding a gigantic hole in the ground ( referencing episode 2 Night of Desirable Objects ) .
This has actually been discussed here because the internet is a vast and wondrous thing .
The Mad Hatter , the White Rabbit and the Pocket Watch
Alice :
What a funny watch !
It tells the day and the month , but not the time !
Mad Hatter :
Why should it ?
Does your watch tell you what year it is ?
Alice :
No , because it stays a year for so long .
Mad Hatter :
Well , then , I rest my case ! ( via )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Time travel - and the concept of time in general - is a constant ( heh ) in Abrams ' world and Fringe is no different .
The Observer , who resembles the white rabbit in more ways than one , carries the ubiquitous pocket watch everywhere he ( or they , I guess ) goes , constantly checking it for a yet to be determined purpose .
What we do know is The Observers have been around since time began at every " important " historical event .
Also they really love spicy food which has absolutely nothing to do with Alice in Wonderland but is a bit of whimsy much in keeping with Carroll 's brand of literary nonsense .
Or it helps metabolize the time travel .
Who knows ?
Walter Bishop is quite obviously the Mad Hatter , solving and creating new riddles and completely off his rocker supposedly due to his love of hallucinogenics ( although by now we know his crazy stems from his missing brain grapes ) .
Advertisement
Peter Bishop , the Queen of Hearts , and the Cheshire Cat
I think the theory goes that Peter Bishop is actually Another Dimension Peter , able to pop in and out rakishly without any damage done to his mind .
Is he the Cheshire Cat ?
My gut says maybe .
This is n't an exact science people ; it 's Fringe science .
( Nina Sharp , however , she of the red bob and God complex , is most definitely the Queen of Hearts . )
Advertisement
So , where are we at with this whole Alice thing ?
We 've got an entire Lostpedia wiki written about the Alice connection , even IMDB notes the Wonderland theme throughout Alias and now we 've got a curious lady with long blonde hair taking hallucinogens , following a white rabbit ( or several ) down a hole or through a glass or across time or what have you and thwarting the Queen of Hearts while courting the Mad Hatter 's son who may or may not be the Cheshire Cat .
I think I 've made my point .
Or spouted a bunch of literary nonsense .
What do you think ?
SAN'A , Yemen -- Government forces killed two alleged al Qaeda militants in a raid on a tribal village Monday , Yemeni officials said , part of a stepped - up offensive after the group 's regional chapter claimed responsibility for the attempted bombing of a Detroit - bound jet on Christmas Day .
The capital , San'a , was on high alert Monday as worry mounted over threatened al Qaeda attacks and Yemeni government reprisals against the group .
The ...
It 's not a typical weapon of choice for violent offenders , but a high - heeled shoe came in handy for one misguided woman who wielded the dangerous accessory outside a Brisbane nightspot .
Sophea Tun , a 21 - year - old mother of two children , faced Brisbane District Court today over a stiletto attack on a Canadian student outside the Chalk Hotel at Wooloongabba last year .
The court was told Tun , a beauty therapist hopeful , was with a group of friends outside the popular drinking spot in the early hours of September 6 when 27 - year - old Tammy Hinchey , in Australia as a student , asked them why they were yelling in the street .
One member of the group , identified in court as only as Sharon , took offence to the question and used her high heel shoe to hit Ms Hinchey over the head , Crown prosecutor Amanda Meisenhelter said .
When Ms Hinchey called Sharon a " bitch " Sharon assaulted her again and this time Tun joined in , arming herself with another shoe and striking blows across Ms Hinchey 's scalp .
Five - year - old children should have sex education according to Government guidelines
The Department for Children says new primary school pupils should be encouraged to ask about sex , while seven year olds will learn about domestic violence .
The Government has dismissed claims that early sex education encourages sexual activity .
Faith schools would also have to provide the classes .
Sex education will be covered as part of classes that will become mandatory in 2011 .
But Margaret Morrissey , of
Parents OutLoud , said : “ We have been overloading children with information on sex for years and it has n’t stopped record numbers getting pregnant and diseases . ”
Two molecules could be better than one ( Image : Fotex / Rex Features )
THE effects of cannabis on mental health have attracted much attention over the years .
As far back as the 19th century it was recognised that cannabis could induce a transient psychosis which mimics the symptoms of schizophrenia .
Despite this , until the last decade or so , most psychiatrists regarded cannabis as essentially benign .
This , however , is at odds with recent research which concludes that in a susceptible minority , cannabis use can push the brain towards long - term psychosis requiring mental health treatment .
Susceptible young people who use cannabis increase their risk of …
A US researcher has suggested a possible link between dodgy wrists caused by carpal tunnel syndrome and sex , " when the hands become repeatedly extended while under pressure from the weight of the upper body " .
The syndrome occurs when " the median nerve , which runs from the forearm into the hand , becomes pressed or squeezed at the wrist " , as this handy guide explains .
Symptoms range from " frequent burning , tingling , or itching numbness in the palm of the hand and the fingers " to " decreased grip strength " and the inability to tell hot from cold by touch .
According to the Sun , carpal tunnel syndrome is " among the most prevalent forms of RSI " , and affects up to one in 20 people in the UK .
It 's previously been suggested that the ailment is caused by " extensive use of vibrating hand tools " or " excessive use of a keyboard or mouse " , but writing in the journal Medical Hypotheses , Dr John Zenian proposes : " Sexual intercourse can explain the increase in the overall incidence of carpal tunnel syndrome seen in recent years , since it is the most widely practised activity that uses both hands at the same time . "
Other factors may be contributing , too , including the availabilty of drugs such as Viagra .
Zenain explains : " The increase of carpal tunnel syndrome in England that affected the middle - aged and the elderly can be attributed to the introduction of erectile dysfunction therapy in England in the late nineties . "
Add to this that people are getting fatter , and therefore putting even more strain on their wrists when they make the beast with two backs , and you have a solid case for missionary position - based wrist damage .
Zenian 's abstract summarises : " The bilaterality of carpal tunnel syndrome can be explained by the fact that both hands are needed to support the upper body during sexual intercourse .
A parallel decrease in the frequency of sexual intercourse and the incidence of carpal tunnel syndrome between the sixth and the seventh decades of life suggests a possible cause and effect relationship between sexual intercourse and carpal tunnel syndrome . " ®
We are ready to partner and empower you with our impeccable Web Development capabilities and stature .
Get in touch to experience the comfort , conviction and competence at their best .
Naughty drivers are paying more for their infractions .
Local and state officials are turning to parking and traffic tickets to boost recession - hit coffers .
Revenue from red - light cameras is also on the rise , doubling in L.A. from $ 200,000 a month in 2007 to $ 400,000 a month at the end of 2009 , according to estimates prepared by the Los Angeles County Superior Court , which processes ticket payments .
The city more than doubled the amount charged for motorists who make rolling right turns against red lights from $ 156 to $ 381 in 2008 , bringing it in line with other cities .
Additional costs , including traffic school fees , often add to the price drivers pay .
Last year , the state increased the fines for traffic tickets and used the proceeds to help renovate courthouses .
The changes included a $ 35 surcharge on traffic tickets .
The ticket for an expired meter in Los Angeles jumped from $ 40 in 2008 to about $ 50 last year , and " fix - it " tickets for minor moving violations such as broken taillights more than doubled .
And officials are now hatching new ideas to bring in even more money from naughty motorists .
Das die hochrangigen Kirchenvertreter öfter mal großen Unsinn reden ist ja bekannt – und wurde auch hier bei den Scienceblogs schon thematisiert .
In den letzten Tagen haben sich wieder mal einige Bischöfe dazu berufen gefühlt , auf die Gefahren des Atheismus aufmerksam zu machen …
Da wäre einmal der Regensburger Bischof Gerhard Ludwig Müller .
In einem Interview mit RP - Online beschwert er sich über die “ neue Feindseligkeit ” die den Christen angeblich entgegenschlägt .
Besonders scheint ihn zu stören , dass der Europäische Gerichtshof für Menschenrechte geurteilt hatte , dass in italienischen Klassenzimmern keine Kreuze mehr hängen dürfen :
Nehmen Sie das Kruzifix - Urteil des Europäischen Gerichtshofes für Menschenrechte : eine unerträgliche Position , eine vom Gericht begangene Menschenrechtsverletzung an der Religionsfreiheit der Christen , indem das Kreuz als zentrales Symbol des christlichen Glaubens an die vergebende Liebe Gottes als menschenrechtsverletzend Nichtchristen gegenüber bezeichnet wird .
Es wird fälschlicherweise davon ausgegangen , dass der öffentliche Raum reserviert ist für Areligiöse oder Antireligiöse .
Hu – ganz ruhig Herr Müller !
Jeder der will darf sich ja weiterhin sein römisches Folterwerkzeug um den Hals hängen .
Die Religionsfreiheit wird nicht angetastet und auch Menschenrechte werden nicht verletzt .
Es geht nur um die Zwangsbeglückung aller , die der EUGh für Menschenrechte da nicht so toll findet .
Ich hab absolut kein Problem damit , wenn irgendwer sich ein Kreuz an die Wand hängen will .
Oder eines um den Hals trägt .
Aber warum muss man mich , der ich weder Christ bin noch an diesen Kram glaube , damit belästigen ?
Warum müssen Schüler , egal welcher Religion , unter christlicher Symbolik lernen ?
Warum sollte das nötig sein ?
Man stelle sich vor , was los wäre , wenn die Moslems plötzlich fordern würden , dass man überall Halbmonde aufhängt …
Und was soll dieser Unsinn bedeuten :
Es wird fälschlicherweise davon ausgegangen , dass der öffentliche Raum reserviert ist für Areligiöse oder Antireligiöse .
Der öffentliche Raum ist selbstverständlich nicht für irgendeine Religion reserviert .
Schon gar nicht für die Christen alleine .
Wie kommt Müller auf diese absurde Idee .
Der öffentliche Raum ist öffentlich und für alle da – egal ob sie Christen , Atheisten , Moslems oder sonstwas sind !
Warum besteht die Kirche so sehr auf der Zwangsbeglückung aller ?
Warum gibt es zum Beispiel in Niederösterreich ein Gesetz , in dem steht ( Kindergartengesetz , § 12 ) :
In allen Gruppenräumen jener Kindergärten , an denen die Mehrzahl der Kindergartenkinder einem christlichen Religionsbekenntnis angehört , ist ein Kreuz anzubringen .
Jeder der will , soll sich Kreuze in seine Wohnung hängen , sich kostümieren oder sonst den Gesetzen seiner Religion folgen .
Aber warum kann Religion nicht einfach Privatsache sein ?
Aber für Müller sind Atheisten einfach zu gefährlich , um sie in Ruhe ihr Leben leben zu lassen :
Von atheistischen Positionen geht keinerlei orientierende , zukunftsweisende Kraft aus .
Die Nichtglaubenden essen die Früchte von dem Baum , den sie vorher mit Begeisterung gefällt haben .
Der Atheismus ist nur erdacht worden , um die Menschen zur Verantwortungslosigkeit zu erziehen und so leichter ideologisch manipulieren zu können – so könnten wir der flachen Religionskritik entgegenhalten .
Es gibt keine atheistisch begründete Ethik .
Bei diesem Unsinn fehlen mir die Worte für eine Antwort .
Fehlt nur noch , dass Müller auch noch das unsinnige “ Hitler war ja auch Atheist ” - Argument auspackt .
Interessant ist auch , was Müller als Beispiel “ für Aggression und Ungerechtigkeit gegenüber Kirche und Religion ? ” nennt :
Wenn ein einzelner Staatsbürger , der in der Kirche als Priester dient , ein Kind sexuell missbraucht hat , werden gleich der ganze Priesterstand und die Kirche insgesamt verdächtigt .
(…)
Wenn sich ein Sportlehrer , Arzt , Richter oder Verwandter an einem Kind vergangen hat , kann man unmöglich alle Sportlehrer , Ärzte , Richter oder Verwandten unter Generalverdacht stellen .
Nun – vielleicht liegt der Unterschied darin begründet , das Richter , Ärzte und Lehrer nicht Teil einer Vereinigung sind , die ein äußerst gestörtes Verhältnis zur Sexualität hat und ihren leitenden Mitgliedern jegliche sexuelle Tätigkeit verbietet ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Email
Das die hochrangigen Kirchenvertreter öfter mal großen Unsinn reden ist ja bekannt – und wurde auch hier bei den Scienceblogs schon thematisiert .
In den letzten Tagen haben sich wieder mal ...
I live my life as a progressive .
As an educator , I work to strengthen public education .
As a human rights advocate , I promote peace and protection of innocent civilians caught in the middle of war and occupation .
We must fight for a Green New Deal , modeled after the New Deal of the Great Depression .
There is $ 200 - billion left over from TARP that we can use not to bail out corrupt banks -- but for common good : the creation of a sustainable economy .
While some banks may be reticent to accept the TARP funds , the aerospace industry is not .
Its association has explicitly asked for 6 - billion in TARP to create new jobs .
We can immediately contract with regional aerospace companies , not to build more bombs , but to create jobs in the New Green Economy .
We need their engineering know - how and skilled workforce to build rapid transit and develop solar and wind resources that will make us strong and energy independent .
Jane Harman has spent too many years lobbying for weapons contracts , failing to expand the reach of aerospace beyond a permanent war economy .
... Congress would be wise to model a new job stimulus package after a proven program : the Works Progress Administration ( WPA ) , the 1935 Roosevelt Depression brainchild that employed an estimated 10 - million Americans building 850 airports , 110,000 libraries , schools , and hospitals , 500 water treatment plants , 78,000 bridges , and 8,000 parks .
The WPA also employed writers and artists , many of whom painted murals in post offices , like the San Pedro post office on Beacon Street , where inside the Art Deco building of marble and chrome we find a WPA mural depicting the history of the harbor .
Obama ’s first recovery plan , the American Reinvestment & Recovery Act , funded “ shovel - ready ” jobs : storm drain clean up ; energy retrofits ; highway repairs .
President Obama ’s second recovery plan must invest in future industries with large pay - offs in terms of career - path learning and earning opportunities in the Green economy .
Put laid - off Boeing missile defense workers back on the job building electric buses for the future .
Put college professors back to work in Green Energy Departments at universities across the country .
Put steelworkers back to work strengthening our bridges in earthquake - prone California .
Put everyone with a hard hat back to work building solar panel parts now outsourced to China .
How are we going to pay for this Green New Deal ?
Cut the fat in the bloated military budget , a sacred cow that is larger than all the world ’s military budgets combined , and reemploy the workforce in the Green economy .
Bring our troops home from the trillion - dollar wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and honor our veterans with land and lessons in organic farming .
Levy a 25 - cent tax on every stock transaction on Wall Street and offer stock brokers opportunities to create real wealth developing credit unions that never heard of a sub - prime loan .
Close the corporate loopholes that hide billions in bank vaults in the Caribbean and use the cash to hire artists and musicians to inspire our young .
Repeal the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy and employ doctors and nurses to work in the inner city .
End the war on drugs with its obscene prison costs and recruit counselors to open mental health clinics .
When President Roosevelt enacted the New Deal one out of every four Americans was out of work .
Today , in California , though the official unemployment rate hovers at 12 % , the real unemployment rate , the one that includes the underemployed and those who have given up looking for a job , is pushing 20 % .
Blue America is very proud to be endorsing Marcy Winograd for Congress today .
She 's our first challenger for the election cycle -- and our first endorsement in 2010 .
We did n't play eeny meeny miny mo to decide she would be our first candidate .
For us she 's a model candidate -- the kind of leader we 're looking for to represent working families and progressive ideals in a Congress where neither gets taken seriously when push comes to shove .
Let me quote from the opening lines of a flier her Jobs Not War campaign sent out to voters in CA - 36 yesterday :
We endorsed Marcy in her first run against virulent warmonger and Blue Dog Jane Harman , the second richest member of Congress ( after Darrell Issa ) in 2006 .
We 've had a lot of time to get to know her .
And the better we 've gotten to know her , the more we like her , not just as a person -- which is surprising meaningful -- but as a potential leader of the Donna Edwards sort .
Like Donna , Marcy is more than just a political job seeker with a package of consultant - tested positions .
Like Donna , she 's been a movement progressive , a community activist , and a grassroots leader -- a co-founder of the Los Angeles chapter of PDA and a tireless worker for the ideals progressives aspire to .
Marcy 's race is about more than just replacing a notorious Blue Dog with a progressive voter .
Sure , Harman was the Bush Regime 's favorite House member -- and even publicly bragged that she is " the best Republican in the Democratic Party " -- but what enthuses us so much about Marcy has nothing to do with Harman .
It 's all about Marcy .
From the occupation of Afghanistan to comprehensive universal healthcare she has been on the frontlines formulating progressive approaches and strategies .
John and Digby and I are relieved that when Marcy is in Congress , none of us are going to have to call her up and twist her arm -- or even hold her hand -- about voting the right way .
It 's more likely she 'll be calling us and telling us who the nervous nellies are who need ... bolstering .
John , one of Blue America 's principals and a resident of Mar Vista in CA - 36 , was being urged to jump into the race and take on Harman .
Hearing Marcy talk about a Green New Deal helped him make up his mind to concentrate on finishing the new book he and Dave Neiwert are writing , and leave the electoral campaign to Marcy while he bolsters C&L and works the book angle .
As John reminded me after he had dinner with her , she 's down with the nitty gritty , " a campaign to re-invest in America , converting an economy currently based on making war overseas into one that makes better schools , roads , bridges , railways , and new Green Industries at home . "
He was impressed with her answers to questions about a member of Congress can help create the jobs that are so desperately needed in Southern California .
Marcy : Please join me and John and Marcy over at CrooksAndLiars , today at 10 AM ( PT ) for a free - ranging discussion of the issues facing CA - 36 -- and America -- as we head into the midterm election cycle .
There 's a great deal at stake .
We also urge you to join us in donating to Marcy Winograd 's campaign fund
Labels : 2010 congressional races , Blue America , CA - 36 , Jane Harman , Marcy Winograd
( CNN ) --
Three Iranian prison officials have been charged with murder after three imprisoned protesters were beaten to death in the aftermath of the country 's disputed presidential election , Iranian media reported Saturday .
Iran 's military court announced that nearly two dozen officials from Tehran 's Kahrizak prison were indicted ; of those , there is enough evidence to prosecute 12 , Iran 's semi-official Fars news agency reported .
Three were charged with premeditated murder for participating in the beatings ; nine will face other unspecified charges .
The judiciary did not identify the defendants .
Kahrizak officials initially said that Mohsen Rouhol - Amini , Amir Javadifar , and Mohammad Kamrani died of meningitis , according to the judiciary .
However , a coroner 's reported indicated that the three were severely beaten behind bars by prison personnel , and died from their injuries .
The judiciary also blamed the prison 's medical shortcomings and sub -par conditions as factors in the men 's deaths .
Iranian media first reported the three protesters ' deaths nearly two weeks after Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran 's supreme leader , ordered the Kahrizak facility shut down amid reports of prisoner mistreatment .
In the wake of the deaths , authorities fired and arrested Kahrizak 's warden .
The three protesters were among some 4,000 people arrested in connection with protests following the June 12 presidential election .
Thousands of Iranians demonstrated against the official result of the vote , which re-elected hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
The government said he won by a landslide , but his opponents accused officials of rigging the results .
The opposition to the results and the mass arrests were a blow to Iran 's Islamic leadership .
Further tarnishing the image of the government 's handling of the demonstrations was the identification of 72 protesters killed during the unrest , released by Iranian reformist Web site Norooz in September .
Putting the prison officials on trial is an attempt by the government to build credibility and maintain public order , some scholars say .
But , they argue , it 's a political move that will likely fail .
" Ayatollah Khamenei will be the loser no matter what happens , " said Ali Alfoneh , a research fellow at the Washington - based American Enterprise Institute who has researched the relationship between Iranian civilians and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard .
" Does it make him more credible in the eyes of the government -- no , I do n't think so . "
He said the guards would likely be prosecuted in a " show trial , " noting that the Iranian government has orchestrated such trials in the past by giving in to public demands for accountability , but without holding high - ranking officials responsible for their roles in any wrongdoing .
Another expert described the defendants as " scapegoats . "
" Even if they are some lowly soldier or some lowly revolutionary guard who was doing this , it was obviously under the order of higher - ups , " said Abbas Milani , director of Iranian studies at Stanford .
Amid earlier reports of prisoner mistreatment at Kahrizak , Khamenei ordered the facility shut down .
Nearly two weeks later , Iranian media reported the deaths of the protesters .
In the wake of the deaths , authorities fired and arrested Kahrizak 's warden .
When Gen. Esmaeel Ahmadi Moghadam , commander of Iran 's security forces , announced the arrest of the warden , he also said no one died at Kahrizak from physical abuse and that the inmates died from illnesses .
The coroner later disputed that claim .
Despite earlier attempts by high - ranking Iranian officials to dispute allegations of abuse of detained protesters , government officials have also promised to investigate the supposed cases .
Such a dichotomy reflects Khamenei 's desire to be both " feared and loved , " Alfoneh said .
" The supreme leader and the regime want to show they are powerful and can't be shaken , " he said , " and , on the other hand , they do n't want to accept responsibility . "
In August , Khamenei met with Rouhol - Amini 's father , Abdol - Hossein Rouhol - Amini , vowing that " the system has no intention to forgive or be courteous to any wrongdoers . "
The bereaved father announced on Khamenei's Web site in September that he was satisfied with how the government was handling the case .
But the trial will not help Khamenei 's relationship with the public , Alfoneh said .
" Regardless of what the father says or does not say , the person responsible is Khamenei , " Alfoneh said .
" Whatever he does , he has lost this case . "
Cigarette Tax Increases Bring Increased Crime
Stay Engaged
Get insightful commentary and the most reliable research on Michigan issues sent straight to your inbox .
Piracy is without a doubt , truly evil .
It does n't help the artists , it robs them of their rightful revenue and is such a poor basis for a business model , it 's unworthy of consideration .
Of course , new streaming sites are miles better , offering a legal way to listen to free music .
Hmm - Lady Gaga got a million plays on Spotify and earned $ 167 .
In August , Swedish artist and composer Magnus Uggla launched a scathing attack on the owners of Spotify .
After discovering that Sony BMG is a shareholder and receiving virtually no cash from his music being played there , he withdrew his tracks from the service and stormed away , declaring controversially : “ I ’d rather be raped by The Pirate Bay . ”
Nevertheless , Uggla insisted that Spotify is a fantastic service with a great range of music to sample .
However , he felt that the fact he was n’t getting paid was the fault of the major labels involved in the project ( Sony BMG bought 5.8 % of Spotify for 2,935 Euros , Universal Music got 4.8 % for 2,446 euros , Warner Music paid 1,957 Euros for 3.8 % and EMI pocketed 1.9 % for an investment of 980 Euros ) , claiming that he “ earned as much in six months as a BUSKER could earn in a day . ”
As the dust settled on the story , many non-Swedish readers were saying “ Magnus who ? ” and wondering if this artist ’s lack of mainstream popularity was the real reason behind him earning virtually nothing .
But what about big artists ?
What about really , really big artists with huge international appeal .
Say , an artist like Lady Gaga , who has sold more than 4 million albums and shifted in excess of 20 million paid digital downloads ?
According to a report today , Lady Gaga ’s track “ Poker Face ” was one of the most popular tracks during a five month period on Spotify and was played more than a million times .
So how much money does she get paid by STIM ( the Swedish Performing Rights Society ) for this massive achievement ?
SEK 1150 – that ’s around $ 167 or roughly 113 Euros .
Commenting on the story , Douglas Léon , better known as Swedish rapper Dogge Doggelito , said he was dismayed .
“ It is totally sick .
We musicians have no rights , you may not charge [ for music ] anymore , ” adding that Lady Gaga could ’ve earned more driving an illegal taxi-cab .
Swedish artist , music producer and philosopher Alexander Bard , however , said that this payment was better than Lady Gaga would have achieved from her music being available via The Pirate Bay , noting that the amount was “ … more than zero . ”
Technically Bard is absolutely right , but let ’s be honest – Lady Gaga would blow the money she earned from STIM in a 20 minute hotel mini-bar bender .
Looking at the overall downloads , let ’s face it , per track she earned pretty much near to nothing from both services .
While Spotify is to be commended for having the guts to try something new , for providing a truly wonderful service and for having achieved such a lot technically in a such a short space of time , one ca n’t help but wonder if it is ever going to bring in decent money for the artists .
After all , are n’t these the very people the music industry continually holds up as the important ones to encourage , nurture and support ?
Lady Gaga ’s example shows that Spotify ’s business model needs some work , and the labels seem to agree on this .
The US launch of the service has been delayed earlier this week , allegedly because of concerns about Spotify ’s ability to upgrade free users to paid customers .
“ We think Spotify is a great service but they ’re going to have to convince us they can convert enough people from free to paid subscriptions to make it worth our while , ” one label told the Financial Times .
“ As an ad - supported service the economics do n’t work at all . ”
Despite the startup troubles for Spotify the reviews from users , many of which were avid file - sharers , are still extremely positive .
The service recently launched an iPhone app that allows users to play the tracks on the go , with or without an Internet connection , which many saw as the missing link .
Now all they have to do is come up with a plan to actually make money .
Goldman Sachs says pay and profit in 2009 up sharply
Goldman had a good year compared to 2008 US bank Goldman Sachs has said its net profits rose sharply in the fourth quarter , beating expectations .
The company made $ 4.95 bn ( £ 3.06 bn ) between September and December , compared with a loss of $ 2.12bn in the same period in 2008 .
Goldman said it will pay $ 16.19bn in compensation and benefits for the whole year , up 48 % from 2008 .
But its compensation as a percentage of net revenues was 35.8 % , the lowest since it went public in 1999 .
For the whole of 2009 , the bank had net profits of $ 13.39bn , up from $ 2.32 bn in the previous year .
Shares in Goldman initially rose when trading began in New York but then fell back , and were down 0.4 % to $ 167.10 .
US President Barack Obama is due to outline new measures to clamp down on financial risk in a speech later on Thursday .
Compensation increases " Despite significant economic headwinds , we are seeing signs of growth and remain focused on supporting that growth , " said Goldman chief executive Lloyd Blankfein said .
The BBC 's business editor Robert Peston said that the compensation came to about $ 500,000 per head at the bank .
The bank said its annual net revenues - $ 45.17bn , up from $ 22.2bn in 2008 - was down 2 % from its record year in 2007 but it said its total compensation had fallen at a much faster rate .
It is paying staff 20 % , or $ 4bn , less than it paid that year .
The issue of banker compensation has become a source of public anger on both sides of the Atlantic , with bankers awarding themselves large pay - outs after accepting large government bail - outs .
Most US banks have paid back their government loans now , and have raised their compensation levels .
Goldman 's bonus is in line with large pay packets awarded to bankers at its US rivals .
Rival banks
In the past week , JPMorgan Chase said it would award $ 27bn in compensation for the last year , up 18 % from 2008 .
In the autumn of 2008 , all big banks were just hours from meltdown ; and here is Goldman , a year later , generating a fraction less than its all - time record 2007 revenues .
It 's a funny old world
Robert Peston , BBC business editor
Read Robert 's blog Morgan Stanley 's compensation will rise 31 % to $ 14.4 bn .
Citigroup - which reported a loss in 2009 and a significant minority of its shares held by the US taxpayer - plans to pay its bankers $ 25 bn , down 20 % from the previous year .
Bank of America did not give a compensation figure , but it is included in its non-interest expenses .
That figure almost doubled to $ 11.7bn in the past year .
Goldman said in December that its 30 top executives would not receive any cash bonuses in 2009 .
Their bonuses will be in the form of restricted shares , which can not be sold for five years .
This is aimed at discouraging excessive risk - taking in the wake of the global financial crisis .
Goldman has borne the brunt of criticism over banker pay , raising its bonus pool while accepting a $ 10bn US government bail - out .
It has since repaid the government loan .
Mr Obama has vowed to " recover every single dime " from banks .
He has outlined a new levy aiming to recover $ 117bn from financial institutions , and criticised banks for " massive profits and obscene bonuses " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After weeks of increasingly tense relations with management over contract negotiations , the musicians of the Cleveland Orchestra went on strike Monday .
They said the action meant they would not leave Tuesday for a residency at Indiana University — several days of teaching and coaching — that was to be followed by a 10 - day visit to Miami , a lucrative annual residency for the orchestra .
Some hope of progress remained , though .
A negotiation session with a mediator started at noon on Monday .
The players ’ contract expired in August , and the musicians announced several weeks ago that Monday was a deadline for progress .
Management , citing dire economic conditions at the orchestra and staff salary cuts , has asked the players to take a 5 percent pay cut this year , go back to par next year and accept a 2.5 percent raise the following year .
It is also seeking some cuts in benefits .
The players offered an immediate freeze in salary this year , arguing that they have already made a series of sacrifices over the past four years .
They also maintain that slipping salaries threaten the orchestra ’s status as one of the country ’s premier ensembles ; management says the Cleveland Orchestra has kept that status despite trailing , in salary terms , other major orchestras like the New York Philharmonic , Boston Symphony , Chicago Symphony and Philadelphia Orchestra .
“ We may be considered to be amongst the best in the world musically , but we are a far cry from being compensated that way or treated that way , ” the players said in a statement .
“ In our judgment , if we were to accept management ’s offer it would be the beginning of the end of the Cleveland Orchestra as one of the leading ensembles in the world . ”
The orchestra management posted a brief statement on the orchestra ’s Web site :
“ We have every reason to believe that with mediation , good will and good judgment will prevail the bargaining table , ” said Gary Hanson , the executive director .
“ In the event of an extended work stoppage we have plans to reschedule any concerts which could be canceled . ”
Trouble also loomed to the west .
Players of the Seattle Symphony said on Sunday that they had rejected a management offer and noted that they had authorized a strike , though no work stoppage was expected for the moment .
A quantity of explosive , found in a flat on Dorset Street in Dublin this morning , was brought into Ireland following a failed security operation in Slovakia .
The explosive was one of eight pieces of contraband planted by the authorities in the luggage of unsuspecting passengers at Bratislava Airport in Slovakia last weekend as part of a test of security procedures .
Seven were detected by airport security , but the eighth - 90g of research development explosive or RDX - was put in the luggage of a Slovakian electrician who lives and works in Dublin .
The 49 - year - old unwittingly brought the material to Dublin when he returned from Christmas holidays .
Gardaí were eventually alerted this morning following a call from police in Bratislava and the flat on Dorset Street was sealed off .
During the operation , the adjoining homes and businesses were evacuated as the Army Explosive Ordnance Disposal unit removed the explosive for further analysis .
Both Gardiner Street and Lower Dorset street were closed off for about an hour .
The Slovakian man was arrested at the scene , but gardaí are now satisfied that he is innocent and he was released from custody this afternoon .
He will not face charges .
The Department of Foreign Affairs said the Slovakian Minister for the Interior has conveyed his Government 's profound regret for this incident to the Justice Minister Dermot Ahern .
Minister
Ahern said he was very concerned about the fact that the gardaí were not alerted for three days and has asked for a full report .
Garda Commissioner Fachtna Murphy has appointed Detective Chief Superintendent Martin McLaughlin to establish the full background to this incident .
The Slovakian Minister has told Minister Ahern that his government will cooperate fully with the Garda investigation .
If you ’ve been helping out with the Citizen Sky project to monitor Epsilon Aurigae , then congratulations – the first of the results are in !
Donald W. Hoard , a research scientist at Caltech announced the findings at the American Astronomical Society meeting in Washington , D.C. this morning .
We invited our readers to participate in monitoring the star in August of 2009 , and combined with observations from Spitzer , a 200 - year old mystery has potentially been solved .
Epsilon Aurigae is a bright star in the constellation Auriga .
It began to dim in brightness last August , which it does every 27 years .
The star dims for over 2 years , with a slight brightening in the middle of the eclipse , making it the longest known orbital period for a stellar eclipse .
The Citizen Sky project invited professional and amateur astronomers alike to aid in the observation of the star during this eclipse .
What exactly passes in front of the star was a mystery , though it was thought that a large disk of material with two stars orbiting tightly in the center is the cause of the eclipse .
The disk itself is pretty huge – on the order of 8 astronomical units .
There is a slight brightening during the middle of the eclipse that led astronomers to believe there is a hole created by the two stars in the center .
“ If [ Epsilon Aurigae ] were an F star , with about 20 times the mass of the Sun…a single B star at the center of the disk does n’t have enough mass to explain the orbital dynamics , ” Hoard said .
Other possibilities proposed were the presence of a black hole at the center of the disk , but there were no telltale X - rays coming from the system that would show a black hole was heating up matter in the disk .
Through observations by astronomers that participated in the project , as well as observations made by the Spitzer space telescope , a major revision of the properties of Epsilon Aurigae itself were in order .
“ What we were most pleased to find an answer to … was that the results strongly tip towards a 2 solar - mass dying star .
Sometime in the next few thousand years it will emerge as a planetary nebula , ” Hoard said .
This means that instead of being a 20 solar - mass F - star supergiant , Epsilon Aurigae is in fact a 2 solar - mass F - star which is in the last stages of its life , and thus giant in size – about 300 Suns across .
This , combined with a single B - star of about 5.9 solar masses at the center of the disk that orbits Epsilon Aurigae fit the observations very well , Hoard said .
Arne Henden of the American Association of Variable Star Observers ( AAVSO ) , commenting on Hoard ’s presentation at the press conference , said “ Don says that we solved it , and I disagree .
We need to determine the nature of the dusty disk that is involved – these are things that you see around young stellar objects , not older stellar objects . ”
Hoard said that there was a curious property of the disk in that it was composed of larger grains of dust – more like grains of sand than microscopic dust motes .
“ The observations that are being made by Citizen Sky project … will hopefully help answer this by providing answers about the composition of the disk and the temperature zones as the eclipse continues .
We have these results in large part due to the effort of this huge group of citizen astronomers that are observing Epsilon Aurigae , ” he said .
Epsilon Aurigae is still undergoing its eclipse , though the first phase ended right around the New Years Eve 2009 .
It will continue to be dim until early 2011 , when it will begin to brighten again .
There is still a lot to be answered about this system , and your help is needed , so keep ( or start ) observing and reporting !
For more information on how to do so , visit Citizen Sky .
Source : AAS press conference on USTREAM , Citizen Sky press release
Every now and then you have to salute a genius .
Both the Daily Mail and the Metro report research analysing the positions of Britain 's ancient sites , and the results are startling : primitive man had his own form of satnav .
Researcher Tom Brooks analysed 1,500 prehistoric monuments , and found them all to be on a grid of isosceles triangles , each pointing to the next site , allowing our ancestors to travel between settlements with pinpoint accuracy .
The papers even carried an example of his map work , which I have reproduced here .
That this pattern could occur simply because one site was on the way to the next was not considered .
Brooks has proved , he explains , that there were keen mathematicians here 5,000 years ago , millennia before the Greeks invented geometry : " Such is the mathematical precision , it is inconceivable that this work could have been carried out by the primitive indigenous culture we have always associated with such structures … all this suggests a culture existing in these islands in the past quite outside our expectation and experience today . "
He does not rule out extra­terrestrial help .
In the Metro Tom Brooks is a researcher .
To the Daily Mail he is a researcher , a historian , and a writer .
I hope it's not rude or unfair for me to add " retired marketing executive of Honiton , Devon " .
Matt Parker , his nemesis , is based in the School of Mathematical Sciences at Queen Mary , University of London .
He has applied the same techniques used by Brooks to another mysterious and lost civilisation .
" We know so little about the ancient Woolworths stores , " he explains , " but we do still know their locations .
I thought that if we analysed the sites we could learn more about what life was like in 2008 and how these people went about buying cheap kitchen accessories and discount CDs . "
The results revealed an exact and precise geometric placement of the Woolworths locations .
" Three stores around Birmingham formed an exact equilateral triangle ( Wolverhampton , Lichfield and Birmingham stores ) and if the base of the triangle is extended , it forms a 173.8 mile line linking the Conwy and Luton stores .
Despite the 173.8 mile distance involved , the Conwy Woolworths store is only 40 feet off the exact line and the Luton site is within 30 feet .
All four stores align with an accuracy of 0.05 % . "
Parker used an ancient technique : he found his patterns in 800 ex-Woolworths locations by " skipping over the vast majority , and only choosing the few that happen to line up " .
With 1,500 locations , Brooks had almost twice as much data to work with , and on this issue Parker is clear : " It is extremely important to look at how much data people are using to support an argument .
For example , the case for global warming covers vast amounts of comprehensive evidence , but it is still possible for people to search through the data and find a few isolated examples that appear to show otherwise . "
Please send your bad science to bad.science@theguardian.com
Lynne Huxtable and Jeffrey Agnew , v. Timothy F. Geithner , et al. ,
Posted on December 29 , 2009 .
Filed under : Case Law , Foreclosure Defense , Legislation , Loan Modification , Mortgage Law , Uncategorized | Tags : Case Law , fighting foreclosure , Figting Foreclosure , forensic loan audit , loan document audit , Loan Modification |
Lender ’s refusal to modify loan may have violated borrowers ’
Fifth Amendment rights to due process .
____________________________________________________________________________________________
LYNNE HUXTABLE and JEFFREY A. AGNEW , Plaintiffs , v. TIMOTHY F. GEITHNER , et al. , Defendants .
Case No. 09cv1846 BTM ( NLS )
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA
December 23 , 2009 , Decided
December 23 , 2009 , Filed
CORE TERMS : lender , public function , joint action , mortgage , factual allegations , private entities , modification , state action , state actors , quotations , guaranty , notice , home mortgage , mortgage loan , mere fact , federal program , summary judgment , fully developed , fact - bound , foreclosed , defaulted , federally , veteran ’s , nexus , government officials , discovery , recorded
COUNSEL : [ * 1 ]
For Lynne Huxtable , Jeffrey A Agnew , Plaintiffs : Jeffrey Alan Agnew , LEAD ATTORNEY , Jeffrey A Agnew , Attorney at Law , Ramona , CA .
For Timothy F. Geithner , as United States Secretary of the Treasury , United States Department of the Treasury , Defendants : Thomas C Stahl , LEAD ATTORNEY , U S Attorneys Office Southern District of California , San Diego , CA .
For The Federal Housing Finance Agency , as conservator for the Federal National Mortgage Association and for the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation , doing business as Freddie Mac , doing business as Fannie Mae , Defendant : Christopher S Tarbell , LEAD ATTORNEY , Arnold & Porter LLP , Los Angeles , CA .
For National City Corporation , a Delaware corporation , PNC Financial Services Group , Inc , a Pennsylvania corporation , National City Mortgage , a division of National City Bank , National City Bank , a nationally chartered bank , Defendants : Cathy Lynn Granger , LEAD ATTORNEY , Wolfe & Wyman LLP , Irvine , CA .
For Cal - Western Reconveyance Corporation , a California corporation , Defendant : Thomas N Abbott , LEAD ATTORNEY , Pite Duncan LLP , San Diego , CA .
JUDGES : Honorable Barry Ted Moskowitz , United States District Judge .
OPINION BY : Barry Ted Moskowitz
OPINION
ORDER DENYING MOTION TO DISMISS
On [ * 2 ]
September 21 , 2009 , Defendants National City Bank and PNC Financial Services Group , Inc. ( “ Moving Defendants ” ) filed a motion to dismiss the Complaint for failure to state a claim .
For the following reasons , the motion is DENIED .
I. BACKGROUND
Plaintiffs ’ Complaint arises out of non-judicial foreclosure proceedings related to their home in Ramona , California .
The following are factual allegations in the Complaint and are not the Court ’s findings .
Plaintiffs defaulted on their home mortgage in November 2007 .
( Compl . P 26 . )
In February 2008 , a notice of default was recorded and served .
( Compl . P 27 . )
And in December 2008 , a notice of sale was recorded and served , setting a date for the public auction of Plaintiffs ’ home .
( Compl . P 29 . )
Pursuant to a joint motion , the Court has enjoined the sale of Plaintiffs ’ home during the pendency of this action .
( September 29 , 2009 Order , Doc. 25 . )
Plaintiffs allege that they are eligible for a loan modification under the Home Affordable Modification Program ( “ HAMP ” ) .
( Compl . P 95 . )
HAMP is a federally funded program that allows mortgagors to refinance their mortgages and reduce their monthly payments .
( Compl . P 66 . )
Despite their eligibility for HAMP , [ * 3 ] the loan servicer , Defendant National City Mortgage Company , twice denied their application for a loan modification .
( Compl . PP 90 , 93 . )
Plaintiffs did not receive a reason for the denial or an opportunity to appeal .
( Compl . P 100 . )
Plaintiffs ’ Complaint contains two counts .
Both are for violation of due process under the Fifth Amendment for failing to create rules implementing HAMP that comport with due process .
( Compl . PP 114-27 . )
Defendants National City Bank and PNC Financial Services Group , Inc. have moved to dismiss the Complaint on the grounds that Plaintiffs have failed to plead that they are state actors .
II .
LEGAL STANDARD
Under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 8 ( a ) ( 2 ) , the plaintiff is required only to set forth a “ short and plain statement of the claim showing that the pleader is entitled to relief , ” and “ give the defendant fair notice of what the . . . claim is and the grounds upon which it rests . ”
Bell Atlantic Corp. v. Twombly , 550 U.S. 544 , 555 , 127 S. Ct. 1955 , 167 L. Ed. 2d 929 ( 2007 ) .
When reviewing a motion to dismiss , the allegations of material fact in plaintiff ’s complaint are taken as true and construed in the light most favorable to the plaintiff .
See Parks Sch. of Bus. , Inc. v. Symington , 51 F.3d 1480 , 1484 ( 9th Cir. 1995 ) . [ * 4 ]
But only factual allegations must be accepted as true–not legal conclusions .
Ashcroft v. Iqbal , 129 S.Ct. 1937 , 1949 , 173 L. Ed. 2d 868 ( 2009 ) .
“ Threadbare recitals of the elements of a cause of action , supported by mere conclusory statements , do not suffice . ”
Id .
Although detailed factual allegations are not required , the factual allegations “ must be enough to raise a right to relief above the speculative level . ”
Twombly , 550 U.S. at 555 .
Furthermore , “ only a complaint that states a plausible claim for relief survives a motion to dismiss . ”
Iqbal , 129 S.Ct. at 1949 .
III .
DISCUSSION
Plaintiffs have alleged that Defendants have violated their Fifth Amendment procedural due process rights .
The Fifth Amendment , however , only applies to governmental actions , Bingue v. Prunchak , 512 F.3d 1169 , 1174 ( 9th Cir. 2008 ) , and the Moving Defendants are private entities .
Therefore , the Moving Defendants argue , the Complaint fails to state a claim against them .
But in some circumstances the Fifth Amendment does apply to private entities .
“ In order to apply the proscriptions of the Fifth Amendment to private actors , there must exist a sufficiently close nexus between the ( government ) and the challenged action of the . [ * 5 ] . . ( private ) entity so that the action of the latter may be fairly treated as that of the ( government ) itself . ”
Rank v. Nimmo , 677 F.2d 692 , 701 ( 9th Cir. 1982 ) ( internal quotations omitted ) .
There are four different tests used to determine whether private action can be attributed to the state : “ ( 1 ) public function ; ( 2 ) joint action ; ( 3 ) governmental compulsion or coercion ; and ( 4 ) governmental nexus .
Satisfaction of any one test is sufficient to find state action , so long as no countervailing factor exists . ”
Kirtley v. Rainey , 326 F.3d 1088 , 1092 ( 9th Cir. 2003 ) .
The application of these tests is a “ necessarily fact - bound inquiry . ”
Lugar v. Edmondson Oil Co. , Inc. , 457 U.S. 922 , 939 , 102 S. Ct. 2744 , 73 L. Ed. 2d 482 ( 1982 ) .
Plaintiffs argue that two tests apply here : public function and joint action .
1. Public Function
“ Under the public function test , when private individuals or groups are endowed by the State with powers or functions governmental in nature , they become agencies or instrumentalities of the State and subject to its constitutional limitations .
The public function test is satisfied only on a showing that the function at issue is both traditionally and exclusively governmental . ”
Kirtley , 326 F.3d at 1093 [ * 6 ] ( internal quotations and citations omitted ) .
Mortgage loan servicing is neither traditionally nor exclusively governmental , and Plaintiffs cannot show government action under this test .
2. Joint Action
Under the joint action test , the Court considers “ whether the state has so far insinuated itself into a position of interdependence with the private entity that it must be recognized as a joint participant in the challenged activity .
This occurs when the state knowingly accepts the benefits derived from unconstitutional behavior . ”
Kirtley , 326 F.3d at 1093 ( internal quotations omitted ) .
“ A private party is liable under this theory , however , only if its particular actions are ‘ inextricably intertwined ’ with those of the government . ”
Brunette v. Humane Soc’y of Ventura County , 294 F.3d 1205 , 1211 ( 9th Cir. 2002 ) .
“ The mere fact that a business is subject to state regulation does not itself convert its action into that of the State . . . .
Nor does the fact that the regulation is extensive and detailed . . . . ” Jackson v. Metropolitan Edison Co. , 419 U.S. 345 , 350 , 95 S. Ct. 449 , 42 L. Ed. 2d 477 ( addressing equivalent provision in Fourteenth Amendment ) .
The Court does not have sufficient facts before it to determine whether [ * 7 ] state action exists here .
As the Supreme Court has stated , this is a “ necessarily fact - bound inquiry . ”
Lugar , 457 U.S. at 939 .
Although the mere fact that a business is subject to extensive regulation is not sufficient to find joint action , here there may be more than just extensive regulation .
Plaintiffs have pled that the HAMP program imposes affirmative duties on lenders , like the Moving Defendants , who participate in the program .
If an applicant meets certain federally created criteria , then the lender has no discretion and must grant a loan modification .
The federal program is completely administered by the Moving Defendants , and they are essentially acting as the government ’s agents in executing HAMP .
Making all reasonable inference in Plaintiff ’s favor , the Court find that Plaintiff has stated a claim upon which relief can be granted .
Of course , facts developed through discovery may ultimately show that Plaintiff cannot establish state action .
But at this stage in the litigation , the Court does not have the answers to several relevant issues , including ( 1 ) whether government officials were involved in the decision to deny Plaintiff ’s request ; ( 2 ) whether government officials [ * 8 ] provide guidance to the Moving Defendants regarding the administration of HAMP ; ( 3 ) the extent of ongoing communication between the government and the Moving Defendants regarding HAMP ; ( 4 ) and the financial arrangements between the government and the Moving Defendants regarding HAMP .
This is not an exhaustive list and the course of discovery may yield other relevant facts not listed here .
Defendant ’s best case – which it does not cite–in support of its motion to dismiss is Rank v. Nimmo , 677 F.2d 692 ( 9th Cir. 1982 ) .
In Nimmo , the Ninth Circuit held that a private mortgage lender who foreclosed on a plaintiff ’s property was not a state actor .
The plaintiff had obtained a mortgage loan through the VA Home Mortgage Guarantee Program , which was a federal program that guaranteed a portion of a qualifying veteran ’s mortgage , enabling veterans to obtain mortgage loans without a substantial down payment .
677 F.2d at 693-94 .
A private commercial lender made a loan to the plaintiff under the program .
Id. at 693 .
When the plaintiff defaulted , the lender foreclosed on the plaintiff ’s property .
Id. at 695 -96 .
The Plaintiff sued the lender for depriving him of his entitlement to a federal - home - loan [ * 9 ] program without affording him due process under the Fifth Amendment .
Id. at 696 .
The Ninth Circuit held that even though the private lender was subject to extensive federal regulation under the federal home loan guaranty program , the private lender was not a state actor .
Id. at 702 .
This case is different from Nimmo for at least two reasons .
First , and most importantly , the Ninth Circuit decided Nimmo on cross motions for summary judgment and had the benefit of a more fully developed factual record .
And second , the guaranty program at issue in Nimmo was very different from HAMP .
Under the guaranty program , private lenders applied to the government for participation in the program and the government could deny their participation if the private lender failed to meet certain criteria .
677 F.2d 692 , 694 .
But in this case , Plaintiffs contend that the government required private lenders to participate if they have received federal money , and the private lenders must administer HAMP on the government ’s behalf .
Whether this is correct or not is not an issue that can be determined on the record before the Court .
IV . CONCLUSION
For the foregoing reasons , the Court DENIES the Motion to Dismiss ( Doc. [ * 10 ] 21 . )
The Moving Defendants may raise their argument again on a motion for summary judgment once the record has been more fully developed .
IT IS SO ORDERED .
DATED : December 23 , 2009
/s/ Barry Ted Moskowitz
Honorable Barry Ted Moskowitz
United States District Judge
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Make a Comment
Comments RSS
Feed
Where 's The Comment Form ?
Residents left in dark after woman drains power supply to light cannabis factory
Light sapping : police found cannabis being grown with a watering system powered by the street - lamp network
Residents in a Lancashire town were so puzzled why the street lamps on their road were so much dimmer than everyone else 's , they asked the council if it was experimenting with low - energy light bulbs .
But the local authority said the lights on Warrenhurst Road in Fleetwood should be as bright as every other street's .
It was only when the police noticed how dim the area was at night that an investigation began .
They discovered that a 19 - year - old woman was illegally draining so much power from the lamp - post lighting system that the bulbs could hardly flicker .
Soon after officers found £ 100,000 worth of cannabis plants when they staged a raid on her property .
A sophisticated lighting and watering scheme inside the house was being powered by the street - lighting system and officers found plants growing in all three bedrooms of the property .
Lancashire Police confirmed a woman has been arrested on suspicion of growing drugs and illicitly removing power .
Manning stayed on the field for every Colts play and instead of blowing a lead , the Colts rallied behind their leader .
This time , fans counted down the final seconds while streamers and confetti hung in the air , flash bulbs popped incessantly and when the official announcement was made , roars cascaded from the rafters .
" We talked about being patient against these guys , " Manning said .
" We knew it would be a four - quarter game . "
The Colts will face either New Orleans or Minnesota in two weeks , giving Manning a chance to play in the same venue where he beat Chicago in the rain and won the MVP award three years ago .
Just as special was having the Colts career rushing leader , Edgerrin James , present the team with the Lamar Hunt Trophy , which goes to the AFC champs .
He never made it to the Super Bowl with the Colts , though team owner Jim Irsay gave James a ring when the Colts beat the Bears .
Players savored every precious moment .
Receiver Pierre Garcon , who had 11 catches for 153 yards , both career - highs , and the go - ahead score raised a Haitian flag to honor his family and friends who still live there .
Garcon and others remained on the field long after the official celebration , mingling family , friends and fans as the Colts redeemed themselves for this season 's first loss .
" We 've been here before , we had seven comeback wins this year .
I think the guys were a little rattled at first , I think we took their best shot , but we came back , " linebacker Gary Brackett said .
" I think we did a great job of being the hunters and imposing our will today . "
Manning finished 26 of 39 for 377 yards .
He became the first player in league history with seven 300 - yard postseason games .
That broke a tie with Kurt Warner and Joe Montana .
The Jets ' magical run ended with their first road loss in six games .
New York ( 11 - 8 ) built a 17 - 6 lead and took advantage of trick plays .
But the Jets lost running back Shonn Greene with a rib injury in the second half , and rookie quarterback Mark Sanchez was shut out over the final two quarters .
" Today was n't our day .
There 's no question , " said Ryan , who declared his Jets the Super Bowl favorites before the playoffs .
" You have to give credit to the Colts .
Obviously they 're the cream of the crop right now . "
Jim Caldwell became only the fifth rookie coach to reach the Super Bowl .
Only two others -- San Francisco's George Seifert and Don McCafferty , of the Baltimore Colts -- have won it .
But Caldwell does have Manning , who drove the Colts right through New York 's No. 1 ranked defense with his uncanny precision .
He kept dropping passes right over the fingertips of defenders , and the frustrated Jets could n't stop him .
THE YOUNG MAN`S
BOOK OF AMUSEMENT
This wonderful book was published in 1854 and within its 384 pages are Gems of Victorian Science .
It `s unpromising , mildly suggestive title belies a veritable cornucopia of experiments .
A vast selection of interesting ( & some highly ill - advised ) experiments & pastimes from the 19th Century are presented within chapters on -
magnetism , chemistry , optics , electricity , galvanism , pneumatics , hydrostatics & hydraulics , acoustics , magic - lantern , cards , magic figures , misc .
experiments & fire - works .
All 384 pages scanned to high resolution , presented in a highly browsable format as an e-book , available here A small selection ( low - res cropped images ) from the book -
Galvanic Experiments on the Dead Body of a Criminal
Beautiful Electrical Experiment
Spectacular tribo-electrical effect using a platinum spatula & calcium oxalate
Valuable Transformation
Gold plating charcoal
Very Beautiful Artificial Petrifactions
" ... like a sort of hoar frost ... "
The Electric Kite
Lethally ill - advised instructions for repeating Franklin`s experiments
Artificial Volcano
Another endeavour imbued with danger
The Fiery Fountain
Highly dangerous ingredients react , forming a conflagration of phosphine gas
A more powerful Fulminating Powder
The subject of fulminating silver is discussed
Expansive Force of Freezing Water
Colonel E. Williams explodes Royal Artillery shell cases using ice
Method of receiving the Electrical Shock from a Cat
An intriguing demonstration of frictional high voltage electrical generation
On sounds excited in Hydrogen Gas
Mr. Leslie performed acoustic experiments with hydrogen gas
To Recover a Fly after being drowned several hours
Essential knowledge for insect life guards
To obtain exquisite Skeletons of Small Animals
An extremely ingenious method
The Leyden Phial
" ... a painful jarring sensation is felt at the joints of the fingers , the elbows , shoulders & chest , ... "
To Pierce a Card &c. ; by Electricity
" .... deprive a man of sensation for a time , if the head be made part of the circuit . "
The Inconceivable Shock
" ... the whole company would be struck to the ground ; "
Electrical Illumination
" To illuminate eggs by electricity , .... "
The Miraculous Luminaries
" ... will continue to shine for about half an hour , .... "
The Illuminated Vacuum
" ... a very dense body of fire , darting directly through the centre of the vacuum , ... "
Resin Ignited by Electricity
Using a Leyden jar to inflame
Electrified Ball
" ... will pass over the surface of the ball and singe it . "
Frontispiece of The Young Man`s Book of Amusement
The Title Page - large graphics file
The Pull - Out Frontispiece of Diagrams
Full size version of illustrations under this page title - large graphics file
All 384 pages scanned to high resolution
Presented in a highly browsable format as an e-book
This is pretty interesting , do n't you think ?
It pains me that wacky Darrell Issa is the one who gets to point the finger , but oh well :
Jan. 7 ( Bloomberg ) -- The Federal Reserve Bank of New York , then led by Timothy Geithner , told American International Group Inc. to withhold details from the public about the bailed - out insurer ’s payments to banks during the depths of the financial crisis , e-mails between the company and its regulator show .
AIG said in a draft of a regulatory filing that the insurer paid banks , which included Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Societe Generale SA , 100 cents on the dollar for credit - default swaps they bought from the firm .
The New York Fed crossed out the reference , according to the e-mails , and AIG excluded the language when the filing was made public on Dec. 24 , 2008 .
The e-mails were obtained by Representative Darrell Issa , ranking member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee .
The New York Fed took over negotiations between AIG and the banks in November 2008 as losses on the swaps , which were contracts tied to subprime home loans , threatened to swamp the insurer weeks after its taxpayer - funded rescue .
The regulator decided that Goldman Sachs and more than a dozen banks would be fully repaid for $ 62.1 billion of the swaps , prompting lawmakers to call the AIG rescue a “ backdoor bailout ” of financial firms .
“ It appears that the New York Fed deliberately pressured AIG to restrict and delay the disclosure of important information , ” said Issa , a California Republican .
Taxpayers “ deserve full and complete disclosure under our nation ’s securities laws , not the withholding of politically inconvenient information . ”
President Barack Obama selected Geithner as Treasury secretary , a post he took last year .
Issa requested the e-mails from AIG Chief Executive Officer Robert Benmosche in October after Bloomberg News reported that the New York Fed ordered the crippled insurer not to negotiate for discounts in settling the swaps .
The decision to pay the banks in full may have cost AIG , and thus taxpayers , at least $ 13 billion , based on the discount the insurer was seeking .
The e-mail exchanges between AIG and the New York Fed over the insurer ’s disclosure of the transactions show that the regulator pressed the company to keep details out of the public eye .
Issa ’s comments add to criticism from Republican lawmakers , including Senator Chuck Grassley of Iowa and Representative Roy Blunt of Missouri , who wrote letters in the past two months demanding information from Geithner , 48 , about the costs of the AIG bailout .
Git is really confusing for new users who have come over from subversion or perforce .
On one hand , I can admire , in a sort of detached objective way , Linus ’s commitment to making the tool bare - bones and focusing on trying to make the command - line tools as fast as possible .
On the other hand , many of the defaults are maddeningly obscure , and there are large gaps where the the starship ’s hallway just ends in a catwalk and piles of exposed wiring .
“ Watch your step here .
We have n’t felt like finishing this part . ”
So , cool that git has reached a critical mass where it ’s bringing DVCS ( “ distributed version control systems ” ) to people who never would have tried them before .
But it means that , as opposed to bazaar , we need to share a lot of knowledge and best practices in order to make it work smoothly .
Consider this a sequel to my last git post .
Single master
A few times I ’ve heard people argue that if you ’re using git ( or any DVCS ) and you have a central repository , then “ You ’re Doing It Wrong ” .
I disagree .
I think most software projects , whether they are a library , a server , or a website , have a single linear series of releases .
Toaster 1.3.2 is followed by Toaster 1.3.3 , etc .
On this macro scale , each release is meant to be an improvement or progression over the previous one .
If you have this kind of system , then you ’re probably going to have a single repository somewhere which holds the “ authoritative ” copies production or release branches , even though lots of people will have local copies of them .
DVCS makes it easy to have a large cloud of coders , each with their own copy of the source , equally authoritative from git ’s point of view , and therefore makes it easy to fork projects , which is pretty useful in open source .
But it does n’t require you to treat each repository as equally authoritative in your workflow .
It works just fine with the model of a single centralized repository .
It would be foolish if it did n’t , since that ’s the way almost every software project works .
The key is that you can fork a branch from the “ master ” branch , experiment for an hour on the train , and then if you want , you can merge back in , keeping all of your change history .
If you can hack on things wherever and whenever you want , and sync back up later , You ’re Doing It Right .
Why you should n’t fast - forward
As far as I know , git is the only DVCS that has a “ fast - forward ” merge feature .
Maybe that ’s why they have it turned on by default .
Please , git maintainers , change this default because it is wrong .
It ’s a clever feature , and when you want it , it ’s a nice tool to have around , but default behavior should always be the most commonly - wanted behavior , and normal ( non-fast - forward ) merges are the most commonly - wanted behavior for a merge .
I did n’t explain fast - forward merges well last time , so I ’m going to try again .
Let ’s imagine you write software for the jukebox in a Waffle House .
You have a pretty small codebase so far .
and you decide you want to try hacking on the randomizer code , so that when it plays songs at random , it ’s more likely to play songs with “ Waffle House ” in the name .
You make a branch .
And you hack on it for a while , and it works !
Meanwhile , nobody has been working on the main branch , so nothing has happened there .
It ’s time to merge back in so you can release this awesome new code .
If you do this with git merge , it will do a fast - forward merge , meaning it will just ignore the existence of your branch and pretend that you were working on the master branch all along .
Most importantly , it will not create a merge point that you can identify later .
The information that you ever had a feature branch is gone .
If you want to revert this feature later ( possibly because it ’s driving the staff crazy ) , you have to figure out which changes were involved , and revert them one by one .
However , if you did a “ normal ” merge , using git merge -- no - ff , there will be a specific revision marking the merge .
No history is lost .
You can see everything that happened on the feature branch if you like , and you can also revert the entire branch by reverting the merge .
Cross merging
One nice feature of DVCS is cheap branching .
After figuring out that creating and merging branches is as easy as making a commit , most people jump right in to the workflow of creating a new branch for every bugfix or feature .
But you can still get stuck in the “ star model ” , where every branch is forked and merged only to the master branch .
And , as David Yang pointed out , if you have a long - term branch , merging it into master can cause a giant conflict that has to be resolved at the last minute .
It does n’t have to be that way though .
You can and should merge the master branch into your branch often .
This works because DVCS like git use “ merge strategies ” that look for the most recent common ancestor revision , and play through changes from that point forward .
Every time you merge master into your branch , you have a more recent common ancestor ( marked with * on the diagram below ) , so there is less to merge , and conflicts are resolved on your branch .
If you do the last merge right before you merge back into master , it wo n’t even be possible to have conflicts , because you took care of them all .
Our deploy system uses this fact , and auto - rejects any branch that wo n’t merge without conflict .
It ’s the branch owner ’s responsibility to keep each branch merged up to date .
You can also cross -merge between two unrelated branches , which is helpful if they ’re dependent on each other .
( Maybe fixing bug 13 requires bug 12 to be fixed too . )
This has the side effect of making the two branches interdependent , but if they were already interdependent , you ’re fine .
Okay , that ’s all for this installment !
In the 50 years since medicine experts and epidemiologists first discovered Legionella bacteria and Legionnaires ’ disease , we have developed techniques and learned how to test it , treat it and even prevent it .
But why are people still today dying from Legionella and why are so many people becoming sick with it year after year ?
Over the last twenty years , the number of reports of Legionella outbreaks has greatly increased in the United Kingdom .
There are many factors contributing to this increase : a real increase in cases , a larger population at higher risk ( such as elderly population ) , a better diagnosis , improved disease identification and reporting and a more thorough investigation of disease outbreaks by health institutions and departments .
However , the fact remains that so many people are infected and some even die from a disease that is actually preventable .
It usually affects spaces where many people live or work , such as hospitals or healthcare institutions , hotels or large accommodation buildings , catering premises , large office buildings , etc .
Here is where prevention is key .
What is Legionella bacteria ?
Legionella and specifically Legionnaires ’ disease is a respiratory illness that happens when the Legionella pneumophila bacteria infect the lungs .
In order to actually become sick , you must inhale microscopic droplets of water that are actually contaminated with this bacteria .
Just drinking contaminated water is not enough to make you ill , and it ’s not possible to catch the illness from someone else who is sick .
It might take up to ten days for your symptoms to appear , and when these symptoms do appear , they will initially look like a severe case of flu .
The disease usually begins with intense fever , coughing , perhaps shortness of breath , headaches and muscle ache .
After 2 days , these symptoms will worsen to pneumonia , a fluid buildup in your lungs that will make it hard to breathe .
Over the last few years , more than ninety - five per cent of people with Legionnaires ’ disease ended up being hospitalised .
Even if this illness is actually treatable through antibiotics , around one in eight still died from the infection .
Although Legionella bacteria is able to infect people of all ages , more than eighty per cent of reported cases were fifty years old or older and about sixty per cent were males .
Regular smokers and other people with underlying lung issues – like emphysema or a chronic obstructive pulmonary illness – or a weakened immune system , due to the consumption of medicines or health issues like cancer or diabetes , are too at higher risk of infection .
Measures of prevention include a wide range of things , but the best course of action is leaving the matter in the hands of professionals with the right qualifications and a Legionella certificate who are able to carry out an in - depth risk assessment .
How does Legionella spread ?
We have actually learned so much about Legionella and how it spreads since it was found and identified about 50 years ago .
We understand now that Legionella can be found in freshwater all around the world , and this makes preventing disease a challenge .
We know that man-made water systems , including cooling towers , fountains , hot water tanks , and also the complex plumbing systems in large buildings can grow Legionella .
There are 2 things that need to happen to a person in order to develop Legionnaires ’ disease .
First of all , a person needs to be exposed to Legionella bacteria by inhaling small droplets of water .
Secondly , the bacteria must multiply until there are so many of them , enough to cause the disease .
The first factor is nearly impossible to control , as exposure happens through actually breathing contaminated water .
For instance , when you take a shower , there is no actual way to prevent breathing in the mist created by the showerhead .
Visually impaired people appear to be fearless , navigating busy sidewalks and crosswalks , safely finding their way using nothing more than a cane as a guide .
The reason they can do this , researchers suggest , is that in at least some circumstances , blindness can heighten other senses , helping individuals adapt .
Now scientists from the UCLA Department of Neurology have confirmed that blindness causes structural changes in the brain , indicating that the brain may reorganize itself functionally in order to adapt to a loss in sensory input .
Reporting in the January issue of the journal NeuroImage ( currently online ) , Natasha Leporé , a postgraduate researcher at UCLA 's Laboratory of Neuro Imaging , and colleagues found that visual regions of the brain were smaller in volume in blind individuals than in sighted ones .
However , for non-visual areas , the trend was reversed -- they grew larger in the blind .
This , the researchers say , suggests that the brains of blind individuals are compensating for the reduced volume in areas normally devoted to vision .
" This study shows the exceptional plasticity of the brain and its ability to reorganize itself after a major input -- in this case , vision -- is lost , " said Leporé .
" In other words , it appears the brain will attempt to compensate for the fact that a person can no longer see , and this is particularly true for those who are blind since early infancy , a developmental period in which the brain is much more plastic and modifiable than it is in adulthood . "
Researchers used an extremely sensitive type of brain imaging called tensor - based morphometry , which can detect very subtle changes in brain volume , to examine the brains of three different groups : those who lost their sight before the age of 5 ; those who lost their sight after 14 ; and a control group of sighted individuals .
Comparing the two groups of blind individuals , the researchers found that loss and gain of brain matter depended heavily on when the blindness occurred .
Only the early - blind group differed significantly from the control group in an area of the brain 's corpus callosum that aids in the transmission of visual information between the two hemispheres of the brain .
The researchers suggest this may be because of the reduced amount of myelination in the absence of visual input .
Myelin , the fatty sheaf that surrounds nerves and allows for fast communication , develops rapidly in the very young .
When the onset of blindness occurs in adolescence or later , the growth of myelin is already relatively complete , so the structure of the corpus callosum may not be strongly influenced by the loss of visual input .
advertisement
In both blind groups , however , the researchers found significant enlargement in areas of the brain not responsible for vision .
For example , the frontal lobes , which are involved with , among other things , working memory , were found to be abnormally enlarged , perhaps offering an anatomical foundation for some of blind individuals ' enhanced skills .
Previous studies have found that when walking down a corridor with windows , the blind are adept at detecting the windows ' presence because they can feel subtle changes in temperature and distinguish between the auditory echoes caused by walls and windows .
Leporé noted that scientists and others have long been curious about whether or not blind individuals compensated for their lack of vision by developing greater abilities in their remaining senses .
For example , the 18th - century French philosopher Denis Diderot wrote of his amazement with some of the abilities shown by blind individuals , in particular a blind mathematician who could distinguish real from fake coins just by touching them .
But it was n't until the early 1990s that the suspicions of science began to be confirmed with the development of neuroimaging tools .
" That allowed researchers to probe inside the brain in a non-invasive manner , yielding insights into the impressive adaptive capacity of the brain to reorganize itself following injury or sensory deprivation , " Leporé said .
Other authors included Caroline Brun , Yi- Yu Chou , Agatha D. Lee , Sarah K. Madsen , Arthur W. Toga and Paul M. Thompson , all of UCLA , and Franco Leporé , Madeleine Fortin , Frédéric Gougoux , Maryse Lassonde and Patrice Voss , of the University of Montreal .
This study was supported by the Canadian Institutes of Health Research , the Canada Research Chairs Program , the National Institute on Aging , the National Library of Medicine , the National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering , the National Center for Research Resources , the National Institute for Child Health and Development , and a grant from the National Institutes of Health .
History without Reading
Mr. Cullen teaches at the Ethical Culture Fieldston School in New York .
His most recent book is Essaying the Past : How to Read , Write and Think about History .
He blogs at American History Now .
Imagine , if you will , the study of history without reading .
No primary source documents to ground a discussion .
No monographic studies to situate a discourse .
Not even a textbook for background information .
How much a sense of the past could you possibly have ?
This is not a rhetorical question .
Nor is it solely an invitation to consider the ongoing deprivations and inequities that riddle our educational system .
Actually , the situation I 'm describing is probably the de facto reality for the majority of students enrolled in history courses in secondary and higher education .
Every day , of course , teachers are assigning reading , historians are writing books , and sales reps are writing promotional copy or buttonholing faculty members .
Parents and taxpayers are writing checks to pay for miles of aisles in libraries .
Instructors walk to the front of rooms , large and small , assuming that their charges have come to class " prepared , " i.e. having done the reading that 's been assigned to them -- occasionally online , but usually in hard copy of some kind .
Some may actually have done that reading .
And some may actually do it , after a fashion , before the next paper or exam ( even though , as often as not , they will attempt to get by without having done so fully or at all ) .
But the majority ?
On any given day ?
No .
Science and math students might cling to a textbook for dear life in trying to make sense of a new topic during or after class .
But few of us who have been in the history business for any length of time deceive ourselves that reading is seen as an indispensable prerequisite for bluffing one 's way through a class or even a course , insofar as we think about it .
Usually we do n't , because , well , it would n't make much such sense .
We have jobs to do .
And what is that job ?
For many of us , it 's to teach students to think like historians .
We want them to see the relevance of history in their own lives , even as we want them to understand and respect the pastness of the past .
We want them to evaluate sources in terms of the information they reveal , the credibility they have or lack , or the questions they prompt .
We want them to become independent - minded people capable of striking out on their own .
In essence , we want for them what all teachers want : citizens who know how to read , write , and think .
But we do n't think hard enough about what it actually means to read for a young person in the 21st century .
We act as if simply assigning a chapter will result in a student reading it .
Assuming that student does , we have little sense of how long that might take .
Nor do we typically consider how increasingly apart the experience of reading cold type in any form is from the rivers of hot type a student may consume online in formats that include instant messaging , websites , blogs , or social networks .
Or the kinds of visual literacy that are in many ways replacing the literacy of traditional reading .
Again : we know this is going on .
But we go about our work as if we do n't -- or we define our work in terms of resisting or overcoming the world in which our students live .
We think it 's our job to ask students to think like historians ( historians , who , for the moment , were all born and trained in the twentieth century ) .
We do n't really consider it our job to think like students as a means of showing them why someone would want to think like a historian .
We take that for granted because it 's the choice we made .
Big mistake .
What would it actually mean to teach a course that presumed ignorance or indifference rather than one of preparation and engagement ?
Insofar as this question ever gets seriously addressed -- actually it's a subject of obsessive interest to educational publishers , who are often much better informed and thoughtful about the students who ( do n't ) read their wares than the faculty who adopt them -- the answer is typically cast in terms of technology .
Websites , video , audio .
Individualized test simulations .
Ever improving graphical user interfaces , real and virtual .
Ironically , this is an approach as likely to scare off technophobic traditionalists glad for any excuse for sticking with what works and what 's easy ( not necessarily in that order ) .
But as the publishers , administrators , and at least some teachers know , ducking heads in the sand is becoming too expensive an option .
In an age of shrinking budgets and production cost- cutting , the imperative for cheap , fast information delivery becomes ever more pressing .
Again , the publishers understand this in ways that their customers do n't .
Or , perhaps more to the point , the way their non-customers do n't , whether because their business is distorted by used book sales that push the brunt of costs onto the first buyers of a text , or students who simply decline to acquire a text at all .
But technology is a partial answer at best .
A Power Point presentation can be every bit as vacuous and boring as a teacher standing in front of a room and talking at people for 50 minutes .
The problem is not one of information or a means of delivery .
It 's one that 's been missing from too much history for too long : imagination .
In part , that means a history not of telling , but of showing , in the broadest sense of that term .
It might involve visual media ( what is Martin Scorsese actually doing with that camera that pivots from immigrants disembarking to coffins being hoisted onto ships in Gangs of New York ? )
It might also mean embodying voices from the past the way the brilliant interlocutors at Colonial Williamsburg bring Thomas Jefferson or Patrick Henry to life .
Or , better yet , it might mean a process of improvised simulation in which a teacher tells someone that she 's a nineteenth century broker who insures slaves and then asking her about how good an idea a new fugitive slave law might be .
Or a Tammany Hall pol confronted with the possibility of Civil Service exams .
Or a Negro deciding whether to testify in favor of Emmett Till .
Let 's be clear : none of these are terribly remarkable teaching techniques .
Gambits like them are deployed every day .
But insofar as they are , they 're not typically seen as what the core of what a history course could be about on an everyday basis .
For one thing , there 's too much " material " to " cover " ( as if history must -- can -- be taught sequentially , or as if what 's covered in a lecture or a night 's reading is likely to be remembered beyond those eight magic words a student always longs to to be told : " what we need to know for the test " ) .
For another , few teachers are trained and / or given time to develop curriculum beyond a specific departmental , school , or government mandate .
The idea that educators would break with a core model of information delivery that dates back beyond the time of Horace Mann , and that the stuff of history would consist of improvisation , group work , and telling stories with sounds or pictures : we 've entered a realm of fantasy ( or , as far as some traditionalists may be concerned , a nightmare ) .
College teachers in particular may well think of such an approach as beneath them : they 're scholars , not performers .
And , of course , we are in the realm of fantasy .
But -- and this is one of two key points to be made here -- what may be the greater fantasy is believing that we can simply march further into the 21st century and believe that we can go on doing what we 've always done .
Whether or not that 's possible from an economic standpoint -- does it make sense to pay someone to talk , live , in front of a room , if that 's all he 's doing ?
-- it 's not from an intellectual one .
Already , so much of history education , from middle school through college , is a matter of going through the motions .
( On the whole , elementary school educators have a better grasp of the emotional , interdisciplinary , and collaborative dimensions of teaching .
Instead of constantly looking " up " to what the next step in the chain will be , we should be looking " down " to how learning is done at the grass roots . )
But the other point here is that a new model of history teaching could also make possible a new rationale , and new possibilities , for student reading .
To suddenly have to decide whether to stick out your neck for Emmett Till , it would sure help to know what 's really involved in doing so .
There would be reason to be informed .
There would be a point in gathering information other than regurgitation for a standardized assessment .
The odds are , however , that the way you 'd go about this is not necessarily the way your mother or grandfather did .
You 'd do it online -- and if you had good resources , like a high - quality subscription database provided by an educational publisher -- you 'd know where to look and be inclined to go there .
Rather than expecting students to come to class prepared , the goal of a history class would be to prepare students for the challenge and joy of reading .
Can you be a student of history without reading ?
Yes , because it happens every day .
Can you be a serious student of history , can you do history at the varsity level , without it ?
Probably not .
But you can't get from one to the other without recognizing , and acting , on the reality of student life as it is currently lived .
That means imagining a world without books -- broadly construed -- as a means toward preventing their disappearance .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
More Comments :
I bring you two personal experimental hypotheses for 2010 .
I am a Haskell module author .
Constituting my released modules are those ideas which resisted the least when I opened the text editor .
But two of them , data - memocombinators and graphics - drawingcombinators have gained some popularity , and I am feeling rewarded having written them .
Most of my ideas functionalize pieces of Haskell programming that are currently imperatively - minded , as you can see with the two aforementioned .
But FRP , a particularly greedy such idea has been stealing my tuits away from the others .
I have envisaged functional command lines , package management , event handling , persistence , testing , and probably more that presently slip my mind .
This brings me to my first new year ’s resolution for 2010 : Produce !
It ’s time to start coding these up instead of letting one very hard problem block the solution of moderately hard ones .
Kicking off the year , I rewrote graphics - drawingcombinators to have a stronger semantic foundation , becoming version 1.0.0 ( thanks Peaker and sinelaw for egging me on ! ) .
My second resolution addresses an irrational fear I noticed a few days ago .
The story begins with Hubris Arts , the game studio my friend Max and I started in July .
We released our first game in November .
We are in development on our second ( codename “ R4 ” ) and prototyping our third ( codename “ Evo ” ) .
All of our development so far has been in C# with XNA , for a familiar reason : it was the path of least resistance .
But as I prototype Evo I see all my beloved functional design patterns leaping out at me from between the lines of imperative blasphemy .
So far the implementation seems a great fit for Haskell , but I am uneasy .
Some part of me does n’t believe that Haskell can do it .
Haskell ’s role in my life so far has been that of a language for beautiful koans and interesting experiments , but not for Real Software .
But why not ?
My only evidence is my own fear .
Thus the second resolution : Believe in Haskell !
I have decided to do Evo in Haskell .
It is only by tackling Real Software that a language matures — it may not be ready now , but by doing it anyway , we will make it ready .
If we can do it , that will be a wonderful success for the language , perhaps permanently parting us from C# von Neumann ’s clutches .
If we can ’t , at least we ’ll have reasons why not — ideas for things to improve — instead of unsupported uneasiness and unconfidence .
The Kingdom of Boomeria is a magical place of just one hectare hidden in the forest in Bonny Doon , California .
Students who graduate from San Lorenzo Valley High School go out into the world and tell tales of their adventures in the Kingdom of Boomeria and find that no one believes them .
After all , how many people can claim their science education included fighting medieval battles , building a pipe organ , and digging an underground labyrinth ?
Preston Q. Boomer has been teaching physics and chemistry at San Lorenzo Valley High near Santa Cruz for over 50 years .
He has a passion for science and believes that hands - on experience helps students understand scientific concepts .
He also believes science ( and life in general ) should be fun .
His nickname is " The Boom " , which they say is not because of explosions in chemistry class , although there are stories of experiments that went awry , like the time he drew the cops to the school after a Tesla coil cut off police communications .
Boomer taught the grandparents of his current students , but has no plans to retire .
He is the crazy mad scientist that we all wish we had for a teacher .
According to The Boom , the idea of Boomeria was born the night he used water guns to defend his home from students who planned to egg his house .
He began construction on the kingdom in the mid 1950s on his 2.5 acre yard nestled in the woods .
There were no neighbors at the time .
Boomer 's two sons , Lawrence and Alex as well as many students over the years helped construct a wooden castle with a dungeon , battle turrets complete with water cannons , a pneumatic system to power the kingdom 's pipe organ , and an underground labyrinth that connects the different parts of Boomeria .
The property also holds a swimming pool ( which The Boom calls the " Main Aqueous Ammunition Bunker " ) and a chapel built around the organ .
The tunnels beneath Boomeria were dug by students over a three - year period in the 1960s .
Now they are known as the Great Tunnel , the Catacombs , and the Dungeon .
While digging the tunnels , students found bones of an animal that resembles a dinosaur but still has n't been identified .
The reconstructed skeleton now hangs in the command center .
Next to the castle stands a full - size working guillotine , which is used only for watermelons .
No one is allowed on the guillotine platform except The Boom himself .
The entire property is wired with horns , sirens , bells , and other means of warning and communication .
The loudest is the Weapon Beulah , a Navy foghorn that can be heard miles away .
When approaching the castle , you 'll be greeted by The Boom shouting " Who goes there ? " to which he expects a creative and intelligent reply .
The students periodically try to conquer the kingdom using the water cannons .
These battles rage fiercely , but as the kingdom's motto states , " The King Always Wins " .
The water to the cannons is controlled from the Main Engine Room .
The Control Room holds the telegraph system used for communication and steam engines that power other parts of Boomeria .
There is also a laboratory full of ancient chemicals and more recent experiments .
The Brotherhood of Natural Philosophers is the science club The Boom 's students founded in the 1960s .
New recruits are taken to a party in Boomeria where they are expected to give a short science presentation , then are taken on a tour of the kingdom before being formally installed .
Participation is not mandatory , as that would hint at hazing , but no one wants to miss it !
There are activities all year long for club members , both inside the kingdom and elsewhere .
Preston Boomer 's great - grandmother gave an 1879 pipe organ to the Trinity Paris Church in San Jose many years ago .
In 1953 the church replaced that organ , and The Boom took what was left of the old organ ( the console and two sets of pipes ) and made it a part of Boomeria .
Over the years , Boomer and his students , under the supervision of organ builders Bill Reid , John West , and Bill Visscher , repaired and expanded the original organ .
Now it has 2,500 pipes !
You can hear a bit of organ music at The Boom 's site .
Image by Flickr user graymalkn .
There are several ways you can experience Boomeria for yourself .
The best way is to be a student at San Lorenzo Valley High School .
If that 's not possible , you can attend the annual Boomeria Extravaganza , scheduled this year for July 10th .
The event is a fundraiser for the Santa Cruz Baroque Festival and will cost you $ 50 per ticket , but that will entitle you to an afternoon of organ music , refreshments , and a tour of the inside of the organ , as well as a look at the rest of Boomeria .
The public is invited to a Christmas carol singing each year - the event for 2010 is scheduled for December 18th .
If you are between 7 and 13 years old , you can attend the Celtic Music Camp held each summer at Boomeria .
Otherwise , you can contact The Boom ahead of time and ask nicely .
After all , it 's his kingdom .
A large tree fell during a storm and damaged part of the castle last fall , but students and family helped remove the debris and insurance will cover repairs .
The Boom said he would use the experience in his classroom lessons .
It 's just another example of how this teacher uses every opportunity to teach the principles of physics .
This post was inspired by an item at the Presurfer .
Read about other personal constructions at mental_floss :
The Coral Castle , Salvation Mountain , The Watts Towers , and 7 Lifelong Personal Projects .
The only thing on earth better than girls with huge breasts is girls with red hair and huge breasts , and the internet has come to a stop because of ‘ Mad Men ’ star Christina Hendricks at last nights Golden Globe Awards , but it ’s not really the same when the girl weighs 200 pounds .
And is this pale .
Christina should be more like Diora Baird , less like a ghost in an opera .
Andrew D. Bernstein / NBAE / Getty Images
You do n't miss the game when the most charismatic athlete of his generation visits your city .
You do n't miss the game when the most charismatic athlete of his generation visits your city .
Like everyone else at Staples Center , I had a little extra hop in my step Saturday night .
LeBron was in the house .
I skipped the second half of a live NFL playoff game for him .
I shaved and dressed up a little .
For me , anyway .
I showed up early .
Seven o'clock .
Gotta watch the warm -ups .
Gotta see everything .
You do these things when LeBron passes through town .
Hey , we see celebrities all the time in Los Angeles .
We walk by them on the street , pull up next to them at intersections , sit near them in restaurants .
There 's something of a code in place .
You do n't stare at celebs .
You do n't approach them .
You do n't stand two feet away and snap cell phone pictures .
You show them respect .
You leave them alone .
Along with the weather and the lifestyle , that 's the biggest reason stars like living here .
They are n't treated like lions in the zoo .
So when a basketball player gets thousands of NBA fans to geek out 25 minutes before a game , especially here , he has to be special .
In my newest book , I wrote about how Michael Jordan 's competitiveness separated him from everyone else , but so did his force of personality .
He had a knack for pulling every eyeball in the room his way ... even a room with 18,000 people in it .
Referees and opponents fawned over him .
Teammates followed his instructions like drones .
If he made an unusually splendid play and glanced into the stands for approval , entire sections would swoon .
Command of the room .
That 's what Jordan had .
Kobe does n't have it , and he never had it .
That will always be the difference between them .
LeBron ?
He 's getting there .
I saw it with my own eyes Saturday .
The Cavs emerged for warm-ups and I heard that same familiar squeal from MJ 's prime .
Urgent .
Pleading .
Desperate .
LeBron ! LEBRON ! LAAAAAAA -BRONNNNNNNNNN !
I saw the same flashbulbs clicking , thousands of fans taking photos so they could tell people some day that , yes , they saw LeBron James play basketball .
I saw the same people crammed around one half of the court , everyone standing -- standing ! -- to watch 12 guys in warm - up suits halfheartedly shoot jump shots and get loose .
I saw hundreds of fans inexplicably holding out pens and papers , screaming LeBron 's name and praying for the miraculous chance that he'd hop out of a layup line , jump into the crowd and start signing .
I saw the same look on LeBron 's face that Jordan once had -- a Tupacian " All Eyez on Me " smirk , an expression that happens when everyone stares at you no matter what you do , even if you 're scratching your balls or rubbing your head , and once you come to grips with that fact , it 's a little bit liberating .
[+]
Enlarge Kevork Djansezian / Getty Images Teammates love LeBron .
Even Shaq has settled in as second banana .
LeBron gets a kick out of it .
To say the least .
He 's the most charismatic athlete of his generation , only you would n't fully know it until you studied him in person .
Command of the room .
He might dunk in the layup lines .
He might try to make a one - handed half - court shot .
He might call for an alley - oop and soar above his incredulous teammates just for the hell of it .
Simply saying " bursting with energy " would n't do him justice .
It 's like watching a super - coordinated , mutant 4 - year - old dealing with a severe sugar rush .
I 'm gonna go block Delonte 's shot from behind !
HAH !
He did n't see me coming !
Wait , I 'm in the mood for an alley - oop .
I need me some oop .
Mo , throw me an oop .
Ah , yes ... it's in the air ... I 'm jumping ... DUNK !
What now ?
I want to try a one - handed shot from the corner .
Jamario , come play with me .
Hold on , I just saw Baron Davis !
Hey Baron !
What up , dog !
Watch this , I 'm gonna make a half - court shot with my eyes closed ...
DAMN !
Just missed it .
You know what I really feel like doing ?
Jumping on Shaq 's back .
Look out , Big Fella , eeeeeeeeeeee - yah !!!!!!!
Jordan saved his legs before games , using that time to stretch , practice specific shots and butter up referees .
LeBron can't pace himself .
Even when he walks from Point A to Point B , there 's no loping or strolling .
He prances .
He hops up and down .
And if all these people are staring at him anyway , why not rile them up with a couple ridiculous dunks ?
You never forget he's on the court .
Not for a second .
Even his teammates are enamored with him ; they jockey for his attention like Octomom 's kids .
Jordan 's supporting cast interacted with him warily , like lower - level executives tiptoeing around their CEO .
You were always aware of the pecking order .
With LeBron , it 's a team in the truest sense .
Everyone takes part in every joke .
Nobody is excluded .
They feed off him .
Of all the superstars we have seen , there can't be a better or more beloved teammate .
There just can't .
( Two other notes here : First , seeing Shaq relegated to supporting cast member status on the LeBron Express is jarring .
Crammed into his ugly Cavs warm - up suit , rendered irrelevant by the ongoing attention for LeBron , Shaq wandered around looking like a bouncer at a sleazy strip club .
I kept waiting for him to start checking IDs .
Second , a guy in my section named Lenny has been a Clippers season - ticket holder since 1984 .
I asked him if he was getting MJ flashbacks during the Cleveland warm - ups .
" Oh , definitely , " he said .
" That was the only other guy who caused ... this . "
Agreed . )
[+]
Enlarge Kevork Djansezian / Getty Images Arms by Malone , athleticism by Erving .
And when the warm - up suit comes off ... I mean , good grief .
LeBron is the greatest natural athlete in NBA history .
Has to be .
Karl Malone 's height , weight and muscles , only if you gave him the Jordan / Erving / Thompson DNA strain , Magic 's passing eye and Bo Jackson 's breathtaking combination of power and finesse .
We 're seeing someone like this again ?
In his first few seasons , LeBron could n't fully harness his immense gifts ; it was like watching someone carrying too many groceries at once .
Now ?
Those gifts have been harnessed .
In the first quarter Saturday night , LeBron picked off an errant pass and took off the other way .
Standing near midcourt , Eric Gordon turned and started running to protect his basket , but he was n't running with nearly enough urgency .
In my section , a tortured Clips fan named Jesse screamed " GET BACK ! " like he was about to watch someone get killed in a horror movie .
LeBron sniffed it out immediately .
Cruised to midcourt , clicked in his nitrous canister like Vin Diesel and whooooooooooooooooooooooooosh !
Flew by Gordon like a Beemer going 130 in the fast lane .
Needed four strides to go from midcourt to the rim .
Took off inside the foul line and ripped home a vicious dunk .
" Whoa !!!!!! "
That 's what we screamed .
What else could you say ?
WHOA !!!!!!!!
That was the only acceptable reaction .
Of all the great dunkers over the years , only Doc and LeBron had that Nitrous Canister Coast - to - Coast Dunk .
Since LeBron is taller and bigger , when he does it , the court briefly shrinks in size .
You read that correctly .
Look , if that was the only fun moment of the game , I would have left happy .
But LeBron has those " HOLY S---!!!!!! " moments once a quarter .
Late in the fourth , Gordon drove past Delonte West and tried to get to the rim , but West timed it and elevated to meet him at the backboard .
And I 'm watching the play thinking , " Damn , Delonte might get that , " when out of nowhere , the smoke monster from " Lost " came gusting in at warp speed , jumped five feet in the air , soared over both Gordon and West and somehow blocked West 's block .
The smoke monster ?
LeBron .
A blocked shot of a blocked shot !!!
Have you ever seen that one before ?
My friend Hirschy is adamant that we have n't seen LeBron 's greatest highlight yet , but when we do , it 's going to be life - altering and might get its own two - hour ESPYS show .
The play will either be a hellacious follow - up dunk ( the odds - on favorite ) or an alley - oop like what nearly happened in Portland two Sundays ago , when Mo Williams screwed up and lofted it too high from the left side , only LeBron kept climbing and climbing -- his chin at the rim , his hand approaching the top of the backboard -- and somehow controlled the ball ( behind him at this point ) as his body started doing a pirouette .
For a split second , it seemed like LeBron might attempt the first ever 360 - degree alley - oop , then he thought better of it .
I almost had a heart attack .
It was the most exciting split second of my life .
When you see LeBron in person , the Greatest Highlight Ever is always in play .
You do n't leave your seat until he takes a breather .
You just do n't .
You also expect LeBron 's team to win the same way you always expected Jordan 's team to win .
Heading into the fourth quarter , with Cleveland trailing by five and LeBron having scored only 19 , my friend Tollin and I had the obligatory conversations , " What should be the fourth - quarter line , and what should be the line for LeBron 's final point total ? "
We decided " Cavs by 7.5 " and " 31.5 for LeBron . "
They ended up winning by one ( did n't cover ) but LeBron finished with 32 ( covered ) .
When Baron Davis ' final brick clanged off the rim , all four of LeBron 's teammates on the floor sprinted over to him to celebrate .
He held his arms out wide and welcomed them like a happy father .
From there , they pranced into the locker room , and if they stayed to have a late dinner in Los Angeles that night , I guarantee LeBron invited everybody and battled with Shaq over the check .
Again , there is no better teammate .
And after watching this point get hammered home for three hours , it suddenly seemed far - fetched that LeBron James would willingly walk away from his guys -- and his fans , and his city , and his legacy in Cleveland -- just to play for someone else .
But he might .
* * * * *
[+]
Enlarge Kevork Djansezian / Getty Images
One of these days we will see LeBron perform the Greatest Highlight Ever .
On July 1 , LeBron becomes a free agent .
He will be able to play for any team he wants .
You knew this already .
You were also aware of the stakes .
If LeBron leaves Cleveland , the franchise may never recover .
If LeBron joins the Bulls , Knicks , Nets , Heat or Clippers -- the five most logical destinations -- that franchise becomes a top - five team regardless of players 2 - 12 .
Even the 3 - 37 Nets would be a 55 - win team with LeBron .
What will happen if he ever ends up with good teammates ?
Only five times has an NBA superduperstar switched teams in his prime -- Wilt ( twice ) , Kareem , Moses and Shaq -- and each time , their new team won at least one title .
None of those players had LeBron 's ceiling at the time : not even Wilt .
As crazy as this sounds , he 's been the most underrated story of the 2009 - 10 season .
Forget about back - to - back MVPs ... LeBron has a chance to sweep " Player of the Month " from November to April .
( Never happened before , in case you were wondering . )
He 's enjoying one of the greatest statistical seasons ever : 30 PPG , 8 RPG , 7 APG , 51 percent FG , 80 percent FT , 40 percent 3FG and first - team All - Defense are in play right now , only he 's doing it in a loaded league surrounded by glorified role players , with a coaching staff that can't figure out much other than " Hey guys , get out of his way . "
Unlike past seasons , he 's learning how to vacillate between MJ Mode and Magic Mode almost like he 's flipping a switch .
In Portland , the Blazers singled him in the first half and he dropped 31 in MJ Mode .
When they doubled him in the second half , he flipped the switch to Magic , found open shooters and finished with a ho - hum 41 - 10 - 8 .
You cannot plan for this guy anymore .
He 's offensively amorphous .
Know this :
The Kobe - LeBron argument is dead .
It 's over .
LeBron James is the best basketball player alive .
Whoever gets him this summer will treat their fans to 50 - 55 appointment home games for the next five seasons ( including playoffs ) .
If you were ever fortunate enough to have season tickets for a memorable athlete in his prime -- Gretzky , Montana , Jordan , Magic , Bird , Pedro , Koufax , whomever -- then you know exactly what this means .
It 's not just about the winning .
It 's about heading to the stadium or the park feeling like you won the lottery .
It 's about the buzz in the crowd , the way everyone seems like they spent just a little more time getting ready .
It 's about the ceiling being removed for the night .
It 's about the chance that , 50 years later , your grandkid or your great - grandkid will ask you , " What was it like to see HIM play every night ? " ... and you 'll have an answer for him .
It 's about the familiarity of excellence -- constant exposure to someone who 's better at his job than you will ever be at anything -- and how that superiority ebbs and flows from night to night .
For the Cleveland fans , that 's what they would miss most about LeBron .
Forget about titles , or even the chances for titles .
They would miss that ebb and flow .
I never fully appreciated it with Bird in Boston .
When Pedro was destroying the American League in 1999 and 2000 , I appreciated it .
Watched every start .
Attended as many games as I could afford .
I remember one Friday night , when I was dragging my girlfriend to Fenway on another date to see him , she did n't want to go .
She made the salient point that , for the money we paid to buy scalped tickets , we could get dressed up and have a first - class dinner at Hamersley's .
" You do n't understand , " I told her .
" We can always go to Hamersley 's .
We will NEVER have another pitcher like this . "
These are the stakes with LeBron .
His ceiling as a top - 10 all - timer remains up for debate .
Right now , he does n't want it as badly as Jordan did or Kobe does .
There 's more than a hint of Shaqitis with him , a feeling that LeBron wants to win but is n't obsessed with winning .
And you have to be both .
Just look at what happened last summer :
Kobe distinguished himself by perfecting the footwork for a startlingly effective low - post game ; LeBron distinguished himself by promoting a documentary and a book .
Does he want this or not ?
His unwillingness to play with his back to the basket , at this point of his career , with his obvious size advantage , is the only blemish on an otherwise impeccable résumé ... but it 's a legitimate blemish .
( Note : On Saturday night in crunch time , the Clippers defended him with Baron Davis , knowing LeBron did n't have the low - post chops to make them pay .
He should have been embarrassed afterward .
Only he knows if he was . )
The silver lining :
He 's only 25 years old .
Bird , Magic , Hakeem , Jordan , Shaq , Kobe ... all of them peaked as players in their late 20s .
Why ?
Because you need to lose a few times , need to lick your wounds and taste your own blood , need to sit in silence in the locker room of another lost season wondering what went wrong , and then you need to say , " Never again , not ever , I am NOT letting this happen again . "
Given how easy basketball comes to him right now , given how many people probably kiss his rear end on a day - to - day basis , given how much he enjoys playing and being part of a team , I just do n't think LeBron James has hit that point yet .
If it never happens , too bad .
If it happens , look out .
[+]
Enlarge Noah Graham / NBAE / Getty Images Clippers fans dare to dream : Will LeBron end up in Los Angeles ?
But where will it happen ?
With seemingly everyone in play , I allowed myself to dream about LeBron as a Clipper on Saturday night .
This was n't the first time ; you might remember my renegade plan last summer for a billionaire to offer Donald Sterling twice the value of the franchise , with the ultimate goal to sign LeBron and turn the Clippers into a twin version of the Lakers .
On paper , Los Angeles fulfills LeBron 's dueling " global icon " and Hollywood needs , sticks him in good weather , allows him to live a somewhat normal celebrity life and creates one of the best running sports rivalries in a while : Kobe and the Big Brother Lakers sharing Hollywood with LeBron and the Black Sheep Little Brother Who Finally Got His Act Together Clippers .
For the first time since Mickey and Willie , the two best players in one sport would share one city .
Quite a pipe dream .
Too bad it will never happen .
Whether it's a real Clippers curse or just decades of bad karma built up from Sterling 's misdeeds -- as Phil Jackson brazenly suggested last weekend by urging Sterling to do a few more " mitzvahs " to change his team 's luck -- clearly , it 's bigger than all of us .
When Blake Griffin was lost for the season last week , people just shook their heads and said , " Of course ... it's the Clippers . "
LeBron is too smart to get that Clippers stink on him .
He can smell it from 2,000 miles away .
So wherever he lands , it wo n't be here .
That means we wo n't cross paths too often .
If he remains in the Eastern Conference , I will see him once a season .
If he heads West , I will see him twice .
I do n't know what uniform he will be wearing .
I do n't know how many titles he has lurking inside him .
I do n't know if he will keep striving to get better , or if he 'll settle on getting 91.7 percent there and enjoying the ride like Shaq did .
I do n't know if he will average a triple - double one season , win five straight titles , maybe even give us the World 's Greatest Highlight .
Everything 's in play .
Everything .
I do n't know anything , and neither do you .
But I do know this ...
LeBron James will play the Clippers at least once next season .
And when the game happens , I will be standing during warm - ups and gawking like everyone else .
Witnesses .
Bill Simmons is a columnist for ESPN.com .
For every Simmons column , as well as podcasts , videos and more , check out Sports Guy 's World .
His new book , " The Book of Basketball , " is now available .
Algae biofuel production " consumes more energy , has higher greenhouse gas emissions and uses more water than other biofuel sources , such as switchgrass , canola and corn , " according to a University of Virginia study published in Environmental Science & Technology .
Here 's an extract from the abstract :
Algae are an attractive source of biomass energy since they do not compete with food crops and have higher energy yields per area than terrestrial crops .
In spite of these advantages , algae cultivation has not yet been compared with conventional crops from a life cycle perspective .
In this work , the impacts associated with algae production were determined using a stochastic life cycle model and compared with switchgrass , canola , and corn farming .
The results indicate that these conventional crops have lower environmental impacts than algae in energy use , greenhouse gas emissions , and water regardless of cultivation location .
Only in total land use and eutrophication potential do algae perform favorably .
Biofuels Digest makes the supporting data available for free here .
The findings of this study point out the inherent water and nutrient issues confronting algae biofuel farmers .
“ The large environmental footprint of algae cultivation is driven predominantly by upstream impacts , ” according to the paper , “ such as the demand for CO2 and fertilizer .
To reduce these impacts , flue gas and , to a greater extent , wastewater could be used to offset most of the environmental burdens associated with algae . "
It would imply that companies relying on Photobioreactors ( PBRs ) and non-waste water feedstock are going to have the wrong carbon footprint .
And there remain many challenges associated with the use of flue gas , as well .
But there are other schemes afoot to get fuel from algae that are less reliant on fresh water and added nutrients :
NASA 's OMEGA project cleverly gets around the water and nutrient issue
Algenol looks for direct production of ethanol from algae using ocean water
Joule Biofuels is also positing a novel algae - fuel scheme
Some of Greentech Media 's recent writing on algae - derived biofuels :
And
On Super Bowl Sunday , Tim Tebow and his mom will appear on your television sets and suggest very sweetly that the women among you play dice games with their God .
Advertisement
Not in so many words , of course .
I 'm guessing the Tebows ' ad , for spanky Jim Dobson 's Focus on the Family , will extol the glories of family and motherhood and the value of children and other seemingly innocuous fare ; it will also be 30 seconds of anti-abortion dog-whistling to the Christian right on a frequency somewhere beyond the range of only CBS executives .
The moral , implicit or otherwise , will be : do n't terminate your pregnancy ; that blastocyst might turn into Tim Tebow .
Now , the Tebows are entitled to their own God , and James Dobson to his tax write - offs , and I suppose CBS can bend its own rules and behave as cravenly as it wishes .
But the Tebows ' message should be called for what it is , and what it is is outright quackery that does n't differ appreciably from my going on television with a toy stethoscope and urging America to start treating itself with leeches .
Advertisement
Here are two accounts of Tim Tebow 's nativity .
From Sports Illustrated :
Now Bob Tebow has a question of his own : " Have you heard the story of Timmy 's birth ? "
Even if you have , it 's worth hearing from the mouth of his father : " When I was out in the mountains in Mindanao , back in ' 86 , I was showing a film and preaching that night .
I was weeping over the millions of babies being [ aborted ] in America , and I prayed , ' God , if you give me a son , if you give me Timmy , I 'll raise him to be a preacher . ' "
Not long after , Bob and Pam Tebow conceived their fifth child .
It was a very difficult pregnancy .
" The placenta was never properly attached , and there was bleeding from the get - go , " Bob recalls .
" We thought we 'd lost him several times . "
Early in the pregnancy Pam contracted amebic dysentery , which briefly put her in a coma .
Her doctors , fearful that medications they had given her had damaged the fetus , advised her to abort it .
She refused , and on Aug. 14 , 1987 , Pam delivered a healthy if somewhat scrawny Timothy Richard Tebow .
" All his life , from the moment he could understand , I told him , ' You 're a miracle baby , ' " Bob recalls .
" ' God 's got a purpose for you , and at some point I think He 's going to call you to preach . '
" I asked God for a preacher , and he gave me a quarterback . "
And now USA Today :
When the Tebow family moved from Jacksonville to the Philippines in 1985 to start a mission and an orphanage , they already had four children .
Before Pam Tebow became pregnant with her fifth child , Tim , she became ill with amoebic dysentery and was briefly in a coma .
Medication controlled the infection , but when she sensed she might be pregnant she stopped taking it .
Once pregnant , there were problems .
The placenta did n't attach , likely because of the medication .
" I was advised to have an abortion , " she says .
" The doctors said he was a mass of fetal tissue and not a baby .
But I had been pregnant four times , and I knew I was pregnant . "
In search of better medical care , the family moved to Manila , the country 's capital , where Tim was born in 1987 .
" Timmy is a miracle baby .
He was malnourished at the beginning , but he 's made up for it , " Pam Tebow says with a laugh about her 6 - 3 , 235 - pound son .
" After such a crazy pregnancy , we feel that God has a special plan for him . "
Most everyone yammering about the commercial is asking the wrong questions .
The real issue here has nothing to do with whether a famous football player should dive into such heated controversies ; nor does it have anything to do with whether the Super Bowl is the proper platform from which to do so .
( Please .
The Super Bowl is n't the proper platform for a lot of things , but they kept inviting Up with People back anyway . )
Whatever your politics and faith , the question to ask is this :
Do a famous football player and his mom have any business telling a national television audience , in coded language or otherwise , that we should ignore science , pray extra hard , and hope that God rolls the point in the great craps game of human existence , simply because
He once rolled it for them ?
It 's wonderful that everything worked out for the Tebows .
That it did was also — if the situation was indeed dire enough that doctors recommended terminating the pregnancy ( in a deeply Catholic country that criminalizes abortion , no less ) — extraordinarily lucky .
The moment the family takes that private bit of providence and dangles it on television as a possibility for others — well , that 's the moment the family turns into just another set of TV charlatans .
But wait , there 's more !
That fetus could win a Heisman !
This is dangerous stuff .
They 're telling women , even the ones at risk , to gamble with their health .
What 's pro-life about that ?
4th quarter GDP came in at 5.7 % .
Discounting revisions ( and probably even counting them ) , that was the last hurrah .
Here is the story from two highly respected analysts .
Dave Rosenberg : The Houdini Recovery
First , the report was dominated by a huge inventory adjustment — not the onset of a new inventory cycle , but a transitory realignment of stocks to sales .
Excluding the inventory contribution , GDP would have advanced at a much more tepid 2.2 % QoQ annual rate , not really that much better than the soft 1.5 % reading in the third quarter .
Second , it was a tad strange to have had inventories contribute half to the GDP tally , and at the same time see import growth cut in half last quarter .
Third , if you believe the GDP data — remember , there are more revisions to come — then you de facto must be of the view that productivity growth is soaring at over a 6 % annual rate .
No doubt productivity is rising — just look at the never - ending slate of layoff announcements .
But we came off a cycle with no technological advance and no capital deepening , so it is hard to believe that productivity at this time is growing at a pace that is four times the historical norm .
Sorry , but we 're not buyers of that view .
In the fourth quarter , aggregate private hours worked contracted at a 0.5 % annual rate and what we can tell you is that such a decline in labour input has never before , scanning over 50 years of data , coincided with a GDP headline this good .
Normally , GDP growth is 1.7 % when hours worked is this weak , and that is exactly the trend that was depicted this week in the release of the Chicago Fed ’s National Activity Index , which was widely ignored .
On the flip side , when we have in the past seen GDP growth come in at or near a 5.7 % annual rate , what is typical is that hours worked grows at a 3.7 % rate .
No matter how you slice it , the GDP number today represented not just a rare but an unprecedented event , and as such , we are willing to treat the report with an entire saltshaker — a few grains wo n’t do .
Calculated Risk
Any analysis of the Q4 GDP report has to start with the change in private inventories .
This change contributed a majority of the increase in GDP , and annualized Q4 GDP growth would have been 2.3 % without the transitory increase from inventory changes .
Unfortunately - although expected - the two leading sectors , residential investment ( RI ) and personal consumption expenditures ( PCE ) , both slowed in Q4 .
PCE slowed from 2.8 % annualized growth in Q3 to 2.0 % in Q4 .
RI slowed from 18.9 % in Q3 to just 5.7 % in Q4 .
It is not a surprise that both key leading sectors are struggling .
The personal saving rate increased slightly to 4.6 % in Q4 , and I expect the saving rate to increase over the next year or two to around 8 % - as households repair their balance sheets - and that will be a constant drag on PCE .
This graphs shows Residential investment ( RI ) as a percent of GDP since 1947 .
Notice that RI usually recovers very quickly coming out of a recession .
This time RI is moving sideways - not a good sign for a robust recovery in 2010 .
Unfortunately
unfortunate
Recovery Stalls
U.S. GDP in the last three months of 2009 soared by 5.7 % .
That 's good news , but the number does n't tell the whole story .
To get a more complete picture of our economic growth , check out the Chicago Fed National Activity Index ( NAI ) -- what Barry Ritholz calls " the best economic indicator you 've never heard of . "
The newest NAI report on 2009 's fourth quarter is out , and it 's not as sanguine as GDP .
Here 's the chart :
What 's happening here ?
The short version is this :
The economy started to rally dramatically last summer , but the recovery has stalled since September .
Here 's the longer , more informative version .
NAI tracks 85 economic indicators , which lumped into four big categories : production and income ( P&I ) ; employment , unemployment , and hours ( EU&H ) ; personal consumption and housing ( C&H ) ; and sales , orders , and inventories ( SO&I ) .
The graph below explains how these categories performed in the second half of 2009 .
I would be particularly concerned about what the chart says about the consumer and housing markets .
The C&H figure barely budged from near recession levels ( the NAI considers figures below - 0.70 consistent with a recession ) in the last six months of 2009 .
Consumer spending continues to be anchored down by broad unemployment .
The housing market had a particularly rough December -- new home sales fells and foreclosures , defaults and delinquencies continued to rise .
“ The economy is still healing and improving , ” said John Silvia , chief economist at Wells Fargo Securities LLC in Charlotte , North Carolina , who projected a 5.6 percent gain in GDP .
“ I think this is a sustainable recovery . ”
“ My expectation for 2010 is that we ’re going to see robust unit growth , ” [ Intel ] Chief Financial Officer Stacy Smith said in an interview this month .
“ The consumer segments of the market will stay pretty strong , and I do believe we ’re going to see a resurgence in PC client sales . ”
“ It ’s a good number and it shows the economy is getting better , but the market is trying to decide if it ’s going to be sustainable going into the next quarter , ” said Phil Flynn , vice president of research at PFGBest in Chicago .
Today ’s GDP reported gain “ was more than what people were looking for and it should stabilize the market and calm some of the stress , ” said James Cordier , portfolio manager at OptionSellers.com in Tampa , Florida .
A recent study shows that a bacterial protein may help cocaine addicts break the habit .
Cocaine esterase ( CocE ) is a naturally - occurring bacterial enzyme that breaks down cocaine , thereby reducing its addictive properties .
The efficacy of CocE in animals and its suitability for treatment of addiction has been limited by its short half - life in the body .
A recent study , published in the Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics and reviewed by Faculty of 1000 Medicine 's Friedbert Weiss , demonstrates that a more stable version of CocE , double mutant or DM CocE , significantly decreased the desire for cocaine and prevented death from cocaine overdose .
In the study , rats were trained to self - administer cocaine by pressing a button in their cage , mimicking the need for regular doses of the drug during addiction .
Rats treated with the double mutant form of CocE pressed the button to receive cocaine less often , suggesting that DM - CocE broke down the drug and dampened addiction .
DM - CocE decreased the rats ' urge for cocaine but not for an addictive analogue , highlighting the degree of specificity for cocaine .
Weiss notes that the DM - CocE enzyme also provides " long - lasting protection " against the toxic effects of a potentially lethal dose .
Though the effects of CocE can be overcome by a sufficiently large dose of cocaine , the present findings suggest that CocE has great promise as a drug abuse treatment .
Weiss says , " These therapeutic approaches may therefore not be " fail - safe " for reducing cocaine intake by determined users " but " long - acting forms of CocE represent potentially valuable treatment approaches not only for the prevention of cocaine - induced toxicity but also for ongoing cocaine abuse in humans . "
Explore further Injections of licorice ingredient show promise as treatment for cocaine addiction
More information :
The full text of this article is available free for 90 days at The full text of this article is available free for 90 days at f1000 medicine.com /article/017f … /evaluation / sections
Provided by Faculty of 1000 : Biology and Medicine
We hit 100 license plates .
It ’s my first milestone .
To commemorate it , here ’s a quad of funnies to bring you a smile on your Friday .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in 1337 Plates , Dirty Plates , Enthusiast Plates , Funny Plates , Geek Plates , License Plates , Odd Plates
Tags : Butt , Cool , Funny , Funny License Plates , Humor , License Plate , License Plates , Love , Metallica , Music , OMG , Pictures , Random , Sex , STFU , Vanity License Plates , Vanity Plates , WTF
CHP is a Haskell library that implements message - passing concurrency — and so is CML , a Haskell implementation of the concurrency features of Concurrent ML .
Recently , someone asked on reddit what the differences are between the CHP and CML libraries .
So in this post , I will perform a comparison by going through the API of the CML Haskell package and seeing how to implement the same functionality in CHP .
CML Events in CHP
CML is organised around Event types .
An Event represents a sort of future synchronisation , that can be engaged in using the function sync :: Event a -> IO a .
CHP does n’t have this distinction as such ; all events are monadic actions , and you engage in them when you execute them in the CHP monad .
So in effect , anything of type Event a in CML is just CHP a in CHP .
CML has a choose :: [ Event a ] ->
Event a function for choosing between such events , which is identical to CHP ’s function alt :: [ CHP a ] -> CHP a .
CML has a wrap :: Event a -> ( a -> IO b ) ->
Event b function that allows you to specify a post - synchronisation operation .
Given that we have already seen that the Event type is the CHP monad and that we would execute the operation in the CHP monad rather than IO , this operation in CHP would be something like wrapCHP :: CHP a -> ( a -> CHP b) -> CHP b .
I ’m sure many Haskell programmers will recognise this as the type of monadic bind ( >>= ) , and indeed monadic bind has the same semantics of wrap ; it can choose and synchronise on the left - hand event , then later execute the right - hand operation with the result .
CML has a guard :: IO ( Event a ) ->
Event a event for specifying a pre-synchronisation operation that is run every time a synchronisation is attempted on the given event .
I have not come across this particular feature before , but it would be interesting to see how to achieve a similar effect in CHP if anyone has a use case for the guard function .
CML also has a wrapabort :: IO ( ) ->
Event a ->
Event a that allows you to specify an action to execute if the event is not chosen .
Like guard , I am not sure what I might use this function for .
It would be relatively easy to wrap up an alt to execute abort actions for non-chosen guards , though .
Forking
CML has a “ fork and forget ” spawning operator , spawn :: IO ( ) ->
IO ThreadId , that is really a synonym for forkIO .
There are philosophical issues here .
Fork and forget , which is present in many concurrency frameworks , can be very useful to set off processes that you just want to set going and not interact with , or to launch daemon processes that should run for the program ’s lifetime .
One problem with it is that the semantics are not always immediately clear — to what extent are the processes forgotten ?
For example , what do you think the output of this program will be ?
import Control .
Concurrent main = forkIO ( threadDelay 1000 >> putStrLn " Hello World ? " )
The question is : will the Haskell program wait for all the forked processes to finish before the main program finishes , i.e. will the text be printed ?
The answer seems to be : no ; on my GHC 6.10.3 system , if I compile the above with - threaded and run it , there is no output , even if I take the delay down to zero .
So if you want to wait for a particular forked process to complete before your program ends , you ’ll need to add mechanisms to do so yourself .
Or rather : when your main program finishes , you had better be sure that all the forked processes have finished , or that you are sure that you do n’t care if they are still running .
To help with such issues , CHP offers runParallel , which we ’ve seen a lot , but also something that I call scoped forking .
There are two basic operations in scoped forking , centred around a monad transformer called ForkingT .
( You can use ForkingT on any monad that is a member of the MonadCHP type - class , i.e. that has CHP at the bottom .
The most obvious thing is to have the ForkingT CHP monad , but you can also have ForkingT ( StateT Int CHP ) or similar . )
You fork off a process within this transformer using fork :: MonadCHP m => CHP ( ) -> ForkingT m ( ) .
This forks off the first parameter , and is an action in the ForkingT transformed monad .
You initiate one of these blocks using forking :: MonadCHP m => ForkingT m a -> m a .
The important thing is that when the ForkingT block ( the first parameter ) finishes its own execution , the call to forking does not return until every forked process has also finished .
So you can fork off as many processes as you like in the forking block , but at the end , you must wait for them all to finish .
So between runParallel and forking ( the only mechanisms for running processes concurrently in CHP ) , there is always a defined , clear point in your program at which you will wait for any concurrent sub-processes to terminate .
When your outer - most runCHP call finishes , it is not possible for these to still be any CHP processes running , so there is no confusion or race hazards involving termination semantics as there is with fork - and - forget functions such as forkIO .
Channels
Back to CML — the last item to cover is channels .
CML has a type Channel a .
It ’s not clear from the documentation whether these channels support multiple readers and / or multiple writers , but let ’s assume for simplicity that they do n’t , and thus that this is the same as CHP ’s OneToOneChannel a .
There is a channel :: IO ( Channel a ) function for creating channels which is the same as CHP ’s oneToOneChannel :: CHP ( OneToOneChannel a ) .
There is also a function to write to a channel , transmit :: Channel a -> a ->
Event ( ) , which is the same as CHP ’s writeChannel :: Chanout a -> a -> CHP ( ) except that CHP has the concept of channel - ends which CML does not .
CHP uses channel - ends to make it clear that when a process is passed a Chanout end , it will be writing to that end of the channel , and cannot read from it .
In this way , the directionality of the channels becomes apparent in the types , and there is some static guarantee of the patterns of usage of channels .
CML ’s operation for reading from a channel is more interesting : receive :: Channel a -> ( a -> Bool ) ->
Event a .
The second parameter is a function that allows you to decide whether you want to engage in reading from the channel , based on the value being offered .
Interestingly , the CSP calculus contains this feature , but it is not something I have added to CHP .
I believe Erlang effectively also offers something like this ( by pattern - matching on messages in a process ’s message queue ) .
I can see uses for this , and in CHP you would have to implement something like this by sending values on different channels , and choosing based on the channel the value was being communicated on rather than the value itself .
I should perhaps add this to CHP in future , but for now this is a useful CML feature that CHP does not support .
Without this aspect , receive is equivalent to CHP ’s readChannel :: Chanin a -> CHP a .
Conclusions
The main difference between the features of CML and CHP are that CML is a nice small library , and CHP is a larger library with many more features ( barriers , clocks , conjunction , parallel operators , poison , more channel types , traces , and the new higher - level features like the connectable type - class and behaviours ) .
I think CHP subsumes CML for the features I want , but obviously I ’m very biased .
CML does have the benefit of operating in the IO monad , which can be more convenient than CHP ’s eponymous monad .
The reason for having the CHP monad is to support poison ( more cleanly than using exceptions ) and tracing , two features not present in CML .
In terms of the implementation , CHP uses STM and has a lot of logic to support some of the extra features ( especially conjunction ) , but only uses as many threads as you would expect ( one per thread of execution ) .
CML uses MVars and has relatively simple algorithms , although they do spawn a lot of threads — from what I can understand of skimming the code , choose spawns off a new thread for every possibility being offered .
The transactional events library does something similar .
In contrast , CHP spawns off no threads for an alt call , and just performs one ( potentially expensive ) memory transaction then blocks until it is woken up by another thread offering to synchronise with it .
That said , I expect CML may be faster than CHP for common cases .
Differences aside , CML and CHP are similar in their approach to concurrency ( I ca n’t remember if CML was influenced by the CSP calculus , but it certainly has a similar approach to concurrency ) , so many of the design patterns should transfer between the two libraries — especially if CML ’s developers were to add barriers in a future version .
The scrum around Sam Calagione ’s keg measured 10 deep , and everyone was angling for a cup laced with the brewer ’s saliva .
It was not a secret ingredient .
The drinkers had just heard all about it in the Penn Museum ’s Upper Egyptian Gallery .
They ’d seen slides .
But for fans of extreme fermentation , this was the highlight of the night : the final few liters of a very limited edition inspired by a theory of the invention of beer itself .
Calagione is the founder of Delaware ’s Dogfish Head Brewery .
A trim and tanned 40 - year - old with the jaw line of a Gillette model and a ready laugh , he does n’t seem like someone who would spit in your drink .
But then neither does Patrick McGovern Gr’80 , who had provided the scholarly justification for it .
The mild - mannered archaeologist is a picture of harmlessness .
His flaring white beard and snowdrift of hair make him look like a man poking his spectacles through a pile of wool .
Yet there was no getting around it .
This brew contained “ six or seven hours ’ worth ” of his own saliva as well .
McGovern , the scientific director of the Biomolecular Archaeology Laboratory for Cuisine , Fermented Beverages , and Health at the Penn Museum , has spent the last two decades on the trail of ancient wines and beers .
Scraping the gunk out of old cauldrons and pottery sherds , he has found evidence of alcoholic beverages as far apart in space and time as Iron Age Turkey and Neolithic China .
Some of his discoveries have been surprising .
Some have been bizarre .
Using tools like mass spectrometry and liquid chromatography , McGovern has deciphered , with unprecedented exactitude , the ingredients of fermented beverages brewed as far back as 9,000 years ago .
Calagione has helped him put some of that evidence to a literal taste - test .
Together they have reverse - engineered four archaic grogs .
Each started out as an academic exercise , but the project has taken on a commercial life of its own .
Two have won medals at the Great American Beer Festival in Denver , Colorado .
One , a mixed wine / beer / mead concoction reconstructed from McGovern ’s analysis of a drinking set buried with the legendary King Midas circa 700 B.C. , has won more awards than anything else Dogfish Head makes .
Tonight ’s quaff , though , promised to make its predecessors look tame .
It was a South American - style beer called chicha made with the help of Clark Erickson , associate curator of the Museum ’s American section .
To transform its base of purple Peruvian corn into a mash amenable to yeast fermentation , the men had chewed every last kernel and spit the cuds into the brewing kettle .
“ We think that chewing is probably the earliest way that humans would have transformed starch into sugar ” in order to get fermentation going , McGovern explained in his lecture .
Modern beer relies on the enzymes released by sprouted and malted barley to get this job done , but malting barley can be a little tricky .
Our saliva contains an enzyme called ptyalin that does the same thing .
“ It may not sound very appetizing to think of people preparing their beverages this way , but once you get an alcoholic beverage , it does kill off any harmful bacteria . ”
He paused for a beat .
“ And it might add some special flavors , too .
You never know . ”
Well , not until you slug it down , anyway .
Compared to the saffron - kissed honey of Dogfish Head ’s Midas Touch , or the chili - tinged chocolate notes of its Maya - and Aztec - inspired Theobroma , the special flavors in the spit - primed Chicha ran more toward funky pink peppercorns with a hint of fraternity basement .
But this particular vintage was an unlikely candidate for large - scale production to begin with .
It would wear out too many jaws .
For Calagione , a limited run ending at the Museum — which got the last remaining keg — was part of the fun .
“ When we opened in 1995 , ” he told the tasting crowd , “ our goal was to brew the antithesis of what dominated the commercial brewing landscape then and now . ”
That contrarian ethos practically leaps out of every bottle Dogfish Head caps , corks , or seals with a plastic screwtop ( as in its semi-ironic 40 - ounce Liquor De Malt , which came with a hand - stamped brown paper bag ) .
The ones stemming from McGovern ’s biomolecular assays , though , have a special significance for Calagione .
To fans and critics alike , his brewery has a way of coming off like a high - school hooligan who ’ll rip up any page with a rule printed on it .
But working with “ Doctor Pat , ” as the brewer refers to his professorial partner , has strengthened Calagione ’s conviction that Dogfish Head is n’t so much trampling on beer history as resurrecting the full breadth of it .
McGovern has his own reason to relish bringing tastes of the deep past to present - day tongues .
He thinks our fondness for alcoholic beverages has been a profound force in human history .
One of archaeology ’s most fascinating unsettled questions concerns which foodstuff was more consequential in civilization ’s early stages : bread or beer ?
With each ancient grog he has uncovered — particularly a 9,000 - year - old specimen from China ’s Yellow River Valley , which represents the earliest known alcoholic beverage — McGovern has added evidence to the tipplers ’ side of the ledger .
He believes the quest for fermented beverages was mankind ’s primary motivation for domesticating grain - bearing plants .
It is n’t his only conjecture .
Once he gets rolling — even without the aid of one of his and Calagione ’s left - field libations —
McGovern can make alcohol seem like the master key that you ca n’t understand human culture without .
This guy gets totally owned by his cat ....
LOL !
Rudos Wild is a Uruguayan band that join us since today .
Rudos
Wild is a raucous , in your face punk and punkabilly band from Montevideo .
They play straight up classic punk rock that is heavily influenced by rockabilly , psychobilly and artists such as Social Distortion , The Misfits , Johnny Cash , Elvis Presley , Stray Cats , The Clash , Tiger Army , The Living End and Reverend Horton Heat to name a few .
In 2007 they release their first album “ Psychos with Wax ” via Punk Outlaw Records .
Next Tuesday , April 24 , we ’ll release their last album “ Diferentes al Resto ” .
RUMOURS Scotland 's fabled Loch Ness monster is dead were dismissed by Nessie fans today .
Suspicions that the monster , said to have lurked in the deep waters of Loch Ness in the Scottish Highlands , was extinct were raised as credible sightings last year waned to just one .
Gary Campbell , president of the Official Loch Ness Monster Fan Club , told the UK's Daily Telegraph newspaper that the single sighting , made just off the Clansman Hotel by Loch Ness , Scotland on June 6 2009 , was judged by him to have been a credible report .
" That 's why were so relieved to have heard about this sighting .
" In June , when it was reported , nobody had seen anything for a year .
If it had n't been for that one , we would have been really , really worried .
" Ten years ago we had a lot of good sightings , but in the last two or three years , they have tailed off . "
Campbell hopes new witnesses might come forward to prove the Nessie death theory wrong .
When Google announced last week that it was targeted by a cyber attack originating from China it certainly got media attention .
But transnational cyber attacks are widespread , and China is n't necessarily Australia 's biggest problem .
When Google announced last week that it was targeted by a cyber attack originating from China it certainly got media attention .
Google is a household name and China is perceived as a growing competitor .
But transnational cyber attacks are widespread , and China is n’t necessarily Australia ’s biggest problem .
“ Australian attacks targeting the private sector have come from other so - called ‘ friendly countries ’ .
Which country is a problem closely correlates with business competition in the particular sector , ” a security consultant at a leading outsourcing firm told Crikey .
“ You could pick any one of our major trading partners and I could tell you a story about a sophisticated and well - executed attack sourced from that country .
Examples at the top of my mind include Japan , Canada , US , India and France . ”
Writing in SANS NewsBites , a newsletter of the SANS ( SysAdmin , Audit , Network , Security ) Institute , Gartner vice - president John Pescatore downplayed the importance of China as the source of Google ’s attacks .
“ Five years ago the source of many attacks against US companies was traced to Russia , now it is China ; but failing to protect your systems results in the same expensive damage to you and your customers regardless of who launched the attack .
Similar targeted attacks have been going on for quite some time , ” Pescatore wrote .
Indeed , none of this is new .
Economic security is part of national security , and state intelligence organisations are n’t above engaging in industrial espionage .
A 2001 European Parliament report alleged that the ECHELON communications interception system operated by the US National Security Agency and their partners in the UK , Australia , Canada and New Zealand twice helped US companies gain commercial advantage over European firms .
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
In 1994 , Europe ’s Airbus consortium supposedly lost a $ 6 billion contract with Saudi Arabia after the NSA lifted faxes and phone calls to uncover bribes .
US defence systems firm Raytheon was reported to have been assisted winning a $ 1.4 billion contract to sell radar to Brazil over France ’s Thomson - CSF .
Former CIA director James Woolsey has acknowledged that the US conducts economic espionage against European allies
China certainly has a massive cyber warfare capability .
“ China may well have the most extensive cyber warfare capability in the world and the willingness to use it more aggressively than any other country , ” wrote Stratfor Global Intelligence in February 2009 .
And the attack on Google does appear to be part of a larger Chinese operation targeting at least 33 other companies , including Adobe , aerospace company Northrop Grumman and Juniper Networks .
The Wall Street Journal names Yahoo and security firm Symantec as targets , and perhaps Dow Chemicals .
The New York Times says Google ’s description of the attack “ closely matches a vast surveillance system called Ghostnet that was reported in March by a group of Canadian researchers . ”
But China is n’t the only player .
Far from it .
There ’s plenty of reasons why Australia formally opened a new Cyber Security Operations Centre at the Defence Signals Directorate in Canberra on Friday .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Williams has broken cover with its new FW32 at Silverstone today , completing its first run ahead of a maiden test at Valencia next week .
AUTOSPORT 's exclusive spy shot of the new car during a filming day shows it to be a radical departure from the team 's 2009 challenger - featuring the Red Bull Racing - type high raised nose that could well become common throughout the grid
Williams ' new driver Nico Hulkenberg gave the machine , in blue and white colours that have not yet been fully liveried , its first try out .
The car was only fired up for the first time in the early hours of the morning .
Sam Michael , the Williams technical director , told AUTOSPORT recently that the car would be a big departure from the FW31 .
" The FW32 is a clean - sheet design from front to back , " he said .
" It 's pretty much brand new from an aerodynamic point of view . "
" The fact that we had a consistent car across all of the tracks in 2009 , and wiped out a lot of the vices that we had in the previous car , gives us confidence . "
Williams is scheduled to join the majority of current teams at Valencia next week for the first official pre-season test , which begins on Monday .
While working as a porter at a Texas state prison , Ivory was repeatedly sexually assaulted by a female corrections officer .
He attempted to report the abuse , but was told that there was nothing that could be done since she was an officer and he was an inmate .
More Group is a dynamic and fast - growing international accountancy firm providing professional tax accounting , company formation , and business consulting services .
We are a leading practice of accounting , international tax , and corporate service specialists .
Our Head Office is located in London ( United Kingdom ) in the vibrant Farringdon neighbourhood .
More Group is a London based chartered certified accountant and regulated by the ACCA .
More Group employs over 50 expert employees worldwide in the field of accounting , corporate support and international taxes .
We have offices in six international locations : Ireland , Netherlands , UAE , UK and USA .
Our team consists of qualified accountants , chartered tax advisors , statutory compliance experts , treasury officers , business development , and marketing professionals .
Switching to More Group accountant is the smart way to get local and international accounting services at a competitive price .
Working with us can save you money in accounting fees and provide you with trusted professional guidance .
We offer personalised financial management and business incorporation services to all sized businesses and private individuals to ensure complete statutory compliance .
We help our clients set up companies and successfully manage personal finances with a streamlined process and personal support which saves time and money for our clients .
From 10:10 to the government 's Act On CO2 campaign , it is now widely accepted that tackling climate change will require tackling behaviour change too .
But until now , a key piece has been missing from the puzzle – psychology .
The study of human behaviour has been conspicuous by its absence from the climate change debate .
The assessment reports of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change have provided the scientific evidence of human impact on the climate , and a glimpse of what the future may hold if we do n't act fast .
But while the consensus may be growing on the need for changes in behaviour , we 're no closer to understanding how we 're going to do it .
Attempting an unprecedented shift in human behaviour without the input of psychologists is like setting sail for a faraway land without the aid of nautical maps .
Psychological research shows that most people in the UK do n't feel personally threatened by climate change because it is vague , abstract and difficult to visualise .
This means that doomsday scenarios and apocalyptic language are unlikely to work – although fear can motivate behaviour change , it only works when people feel personally vulnerable .
Clearly , exaggerating the threat of climate change is not an option .
So how can climate change be made more relevant to people 's lives ?
In the dusty journals and leather - bound books of university libraries lie decades of psychological research on human behaviour .
Why are habits so difficult to change ?
Do people make decisions based on rational criteria , or impulse and intuition ?
Why do people tend to unnecessarily fear some risks , yet inadvisably discount others ?
These are all questions that will become increasingly pertinent as the transition to a low - carbon future progresses .
Fortunately , climate change is starting to be acknowledged by social scientists on both sides of the Atlantic .
Earlier this year , the American Psychological Association published an extensive review of psychology 's contribution to tackling climate change .
And on 27 October , the British Psychological Society will hold its inaugural meeting on the psychology of climate change .
From the language used to describe climate change , to the ways in which habits are made and broken , the signs are that psychology holds the key to driving the shift to sustainability .
An American study played people recordings of actors delivering speeches about climate change .
The version that people responded to the best talked about " air pollution " rather than " climate change " – because pollution is something visible that they could relate to , with strong connotations of dirtiness and poor health .
Climate change is about much more than just dirty air , but finding ways of making climate change more visible is critical .
People simply do n't worry about things they can't see ( or even imagine ) .
One approach that has been used to increase the amount that people use public transport breaks down habits into simple " if… then " plans .
To change a habitual behaviour , a person has to identify a goal ( drive less , for example ) , a behaviour they want to perform in pursuit of that goal ( get the bus to work on Fridays ) and a situation that will trigger the behaviour ( having enough time to catch the bus ) .
In this example , if it 's Thursday evening , then the alarm needs to be set for a different time , and if it 's Friday morning , then have a quick shower instead of a long bath .
Thinking about behaviour in these terms is unfamiliar – but even the most well - intentioned goals are doomed to fail without a strategy for achieving them .
Of course , some people are wary of committing themselves to changes in their personal behaviour .
They argue that political agreements and technological advances will do more to reduce greenhouse gases than anything an individual could achieve .
But while it is comforting to draw sharp distinctions between politics , technology and individuals , the reality is that human behaviour underpins it all .
Political parties will not pass legislation that is patently unpopular among the electorate .
Technology can provide low - carbon alternatives like electric buses .
But a zero-emissions bus will have zero passengers unless people decide to use it .
Household insulation has been rightly prioritised by policymakers as a key area where individual - level changes can play a significant role in reducing carbon emissions .
But as Alexa Spence and Nick Pidgeon from Cardiff University argue in a forthcoming paper in the journal Environment , changes in household insulation depend on some key behavioural assumptions .
In particular , the overheating of residential buildings has to become socially unacceptable , and people will have to be motivated to make changes to their home heating routines .
Spence and Pidgeon suggest that periods of transition , where routines are already in flux , provide useful opportunities to develop new , more sustainable habits .
In the context of home insulation , some building work already scheduled for the house might provide not only the practical opportunity for some low - carbon upgrades , but also the perfect psychological context for making some long - intended changes to habits and routines .
If the thought of psychologically informed lifestyle change campaigns sounds a bit too Big Brother for your liking , then consider the alternative : millions of pounds spent on technology that is never taken up , and a market - based system of economic coercion that penalises the poor while the rich keep polluting .
Without an understanding of what drives people 's environmental behaviour , the dream of a low - carbon society will remain forever out of reach .
Located in the Carrousel du Louvre , Apple ’s first store in Paris was inaugurated after much anticipation .
Mac enthusiasts waited days in advance to get a glimpse of their favorite brand opening close to them .
Blame it on the products inside or the chic interiors , the buzz this store generated surpassed other store openings from around the world .
Much like its products , Apple ’s exquisite design taste shows through in its stores too .
The photographer , Roy Zipstein who has been with Apple for the last five years , photographed Apple stores from around the world .
If the country has anything to do with this , we do n’t know , but he says his most memorable Apple store shoot till date has been in Paris .
A complete treat for Mac and design enthusiasts alike , Â the store keeps us puzzled with the question , Will it feature in the next Dan Brown novel ?
ADVERTISEMENT
If you come across store openings like these which you think need to be featured here at Home - Designing , please mention them in the comments .
Also we run a steady stream of cool posts like this at Home Designing and if you like to be notified when we have more such inspiring posts , please subscribe to our feed or newsletter !
[ Via ]
I think most of us have already come to terms with the fact that dating shows on television are as good as dead .
A telling development was the unveiling of Monica Lewinsky as the host of Mr. Personality , a show so boring and charmless that an ex-president 's mistress was hired to pull in viewers .
The shocking thing is , the bottom of the barrel has yet to be scraped when it comes to dating shows .
For your entertainment , below are just a few of the strangest ideas we 've come across - some in - development as we speak and some which have mysteriously disappeared since their development was announced .
Prisoner of Love
In June of this year , a dating show by the name of Prisoner of Love was picked up by Dutch broadcaster NCRV .
Set to air in 2010 , the concept is as simple as it is ridiculous .
A selection of women , all looking for love , are sent on blind dates with some newly - released ex-cons .
As if the possibility of finding love was n't alluring enough for the contestants , at the end of the date the women are given the opportunity to guess what their dates were sent to prison for in order to win a prize .
So romantic !
Wolfboy : Divorced and Looking for Love
31 year old Larry Ramos Gomez has suffered from a condition known as hypertrichosis his entire life , and as a result has a full face of hair .
Better known as Wolfboy , Gomez was recently approached by a company called Zoo Productions and asked to star in a dating show sensitively titled Wolfboy : Divorced and Looking for Love , in which he will be filmed attempting to find his soulmate .
Of course , Zoo Productions deny all accusations relating to the exploitation of Gomez 's condition .
The show will apparently air next year .
Monstrous Love
Dutch broadcaster SBS caused a storm of controversy in 2007 when they appealed for people with a ' visible , serious handicap ' to come forward and perhaps become a contestant on a new dating show they were attempting to develop .
More specifically , they asked to see applicants with eyes missing and / or severe facial burns or scars .
They then denied claims that the show 's format was tasteless , even though the working title for the project was ' Monstrous Love ' .
Oddly enough , the show fell off the radar following the furore .
Who Wants To Marry A U.S. Citizen ?
Who Wants to Marry a U.S. Citizen was a show devised by the geniuses at Morusa Media in California in 2007 , and by the end of that year they already had the first pool of contestants and a host signed up .
The idea ?
A lucky , single American woman goes on dates with three handsome but illegal immigrants and at the end picks one with which to spend the rest of her life .
Said the host Angelo Gonzales before the show presumably fell through : ' There are thousands of US citizens seeking a spouse , and just as many immigrants seeking the same .
So we want to make it a win- win situation for all involved ' .
Who can argue ?
This article was written by Shaun Usher , a blogger from Manchester .
The views expressed in it are his and do not necessarily match those of Free Dating .
co.uk .
United States government officials have expressed exasperation over why Taiwan 's Legislative Yuan may revise the Food Sanitation Act Tuesday to ban imports of U.S. ground beef , offals or even beef in bone .
Senior officials of President Ma Ying - jeou 's right - wing Chinese Nationalist Party ( Kuomintang ) government have publically speculated that U.S. President Barack Obama 's Democratic Party administration will retaliate against Taiwan 's alleged " unilateral abrogation " of the protocol signed Oct. 22 by Taiwan Economic and Culture Representative Office and American Institute in Taiwan to reopen imports of these risky US beef through delaying talks on a long - expected U.S. - Taiwan Trade and Investment Framework Agreement ( TIFA ) or even by further delays in defensive arms sales .
Such ill - disguised threats aim to blur the truth that this fiasco has been caused solely by the hubris and incompetence of President Ma Ying - jeou 's right - wing Chinese Nationalist Party ( Kuomintang ) and its refusal to respect Taiwan 's democratic values of transparency and accountability in the negotiation of this secret pact .
To begin with , the Ma administration misjudged the reaction of Taiwan society over lifting the partial import ban imposed on US beef products by the former DPP government after documented cases of bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( also known as " mad cow disease " ) in late 2003 .
Given the weight of the beef industry in U.S. domestic politics , it is understandable that Washington policy makers are eager to secure re-entry into Taiwan for profitable " beef on bone " products , notably " T - bone " steaks regardless of safety concerns of citizens in the U.S. and abroad .
Indeed , the Ma administration might have been able to secure entry for T - bone steaks from cows which are younger than 30 months and thus almost certainly BSE - free , but the decision to agree to a pact included lifting of the ban on risky ground beef and offals negotiated behind the backs of the Legislative Yuan and even the Department of Health sparked a political firestorm .
Since the former DPP government had the backbone to reject similar demands in 2006 , Ma and National Security Council Secretary - General Su Chi , who is widely reported as the key driver of this policy , bear full responsibility .
Ma may have been able to get away with such a gambit a year ago , but the climate of Taiwan politics has changed in the wake of rising public anger over the mishandling of the flood disaster caused by Typhoon Morakot last August and numerous other errors by the Ma government and the setback suffered by the KMT in local elections on Dec. 5 .
Recurrent flouting of the principles of democratic transparency and accountability in the Ma administration 's decision - making and in cross -strait talks between the KMT and the authoritarian People 's Republic of China 's ruling Chinese Communist Party has undermined public trust in the restored KMT government , but the secret pact on US beef imports exposed the threat posed by Ma and Su's " black box " habits to the national security and even health of the Taiwan people .
New NSC chief needed
Nevertheless , the U.S. government should react to the Legislative Yuan 's action cautiously based on mutual respect for democratic procedures .
Washington should refrain from pretending that the BSE concerns are a " false issue " or using the TIFA talks or defensive arms sales to pressure the Taiwan legislature to accept a secret protocol , whose full content remains unknown even to KMT lawmakers .
Instead , the Obama administration should convene an inter-agency meeting to consider methods to resolve the flap , preferably through renegotiation with the Taiwan government in a manner consistent with democratic procedures .
For its part , the Ma administration should work to prevent any broader impact on other aspects of U.S. - Taiwan relations .
Ma has publically claimed that his efforts to forge peace and dialogue with the PRC regime has also led to the " best U.S. - Taiwan relations for the past 60 years . "
If this is the case , Ma's KMT administration should have accumulated enough political capital to persuade Washington not to make any unfriendly gestures toward Taiwan and to renegotiate the pact .
We strongly urge the Ma government to stand upright in talks with U.S. counterparts and refrain from repeating the mistake of carrying out such talks behind the backs of Taiwan lawmakers and citizens and instead publically affirm his commitment to reflect Taiwan 's pluralist views in new beef import talks .
Most importantly , Ma should demonstrate his sincerity to correct his mistakes by requiring Su to resign to take full political responsibility .
Su first misled Washington to believe that the Ma administration would have no problems executing the import liberalization thanks to the KMT 's three - fourths legislative majority .
The NSC chief compounded his error after the issue exploded into a political crisis by claiming that Washington would impose retaliatory measures against Taiwan if the Legislative Yuan tried to overturn the pact and by arrogantly touting that the KMT government had the right to engage in secret diplomacy by declaring that the protocol was " above domestic law . "
What Taiwan needs now is a national security advisor who respects Taiwan 's democratic values and principles .
Posted on November 14 , 2009 in Images
See Also : Is Marijuana Prohibition America ’s ‘ Berlin Wall ’ ? , Colo .
Commission Recommends Lowering Drug Penalties , Portland ’s ‘ Cannabis Café ’ opens to cheers , controversy , Doctor ’s re-assess marijuana , Ca n’t Wait For You Idiots to Screw it Up , Virtually legal , Winning The Drug War By Ending It , Dude , where ’s my medical - marijuana ID ? , and State Over - Reach : Stripmining the Citizenry for Fun and Profit .
[ tags ] economic benefits of marijuana , revenue from marijuana , state by state income from marijuana , effects of marijuana legalization , decriminalization , legalize marijuana , revenue , taxes , increased revenue , making marijuana legal , marijuana policy [ / tags ]
George W Bush is clearly enjoying himself .
Alone on the stage , mic in hand , he tells a story about a moment earlier this year when he was walking his dog , Barney , around the Dallas suburb he now calls home .
" I wanted to say hello to my neighbours , " says Bush , " because I was worried we 'd inconvenienced them when word was out that George Bush was moving where they lived .
I had n't walked in a neighbourhood in eight years .
Ain't that interesting ?
Barney had never walked in a neighbourhood either ... he only knew the lawn of the White House ; he only knew Crawford , Texas , he only knew Camp David . "
He decided to go up to a neighbour and say hello , Bush tells us .
But just as he goes to shake the neighbour 's hand , Bush realises that he still has a plastic poop bag covering his hand like a glove .
The image of Dubya holding a poop - scoop mitt settles on the audience who have come to see him speak at a stadium in San Antonio , Texas .
Then he launches into another anecdote – an old favourite about the time Laura asked him to go out and buy a battery from the local hardware store and someone asked whether anyone had ever told him he looked just like the former President .
It happens all the time , he 'd replied .
" The guy then takes a couple of steps away then turns round and says , ' That must make you mad ' . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
He soaks up the applause from his position on a stage in the centre of the stadium .
I can see Bush fairly clearly from my seat , although his voice is occasionally drowned out , not just by the cheers of the crowd , but by four middle - aged women who are yelling " war criminal " at him at the top of their lungs .
He can't hear them though , and after a while they 're escorted out of the venue by security guards .
Bush looks at ease with this crowd as he strides from one corner to the other .
He is wearing a sharp grey suit , and smiles regularly as he regales us , a mostly adoring audience , with tales of how , at 63 , he is now adjusting to life as a ' regular guy ' .
This is the ' Get Motivated ' business seminar , and Bush is top billing to a host of other speakers .
Around 15,000 people have paid just $ 10 each , in some cases less , to be here .
With tactical scheduling , Bush is one of the last on stage – at around 3 pm .
Most of us have been here since 6.45 am .
Motivational talks have been the hallmark of Bush 's retirement ( he is reported to charge a fee of $ 150,000 , or around £ 92,000 , for each appearance ) – which so far has n't amounted to much more than a gentle schedule of low - key appearances in the safety of the South .
His new life is n't just a far cry from the Oval Office , it 's a world apart from the activities of other former Presidents , including his father ( the Bush - Clinton Katrina Fund , for example , raised over $ 130 m for victims of the hurricane ) .
So is Bush Jr content with his lot on the can 't - complain trail ?
Two weeks before he left office , he told Fox News he was looking forward to going back to Texas .
" I love Texas , " he said .
" I love my wife .
And you know , I 'm excited about the next chapter in my life . "
After what Norman Ornstein , writing in the International Herald Tribune , described as a " gentlemanly - goodbye exit " from the White House in January ( " presidential transitions are always difficult , but beginning well before the election , Bush ... removed many of the usual obstacles , fostering co-operation and harmony " ) , Bush and the former First Lady moved into a modest house in a Dallas suburb and promptly disappeared .
Has the world 's most notorious Texan become the Lone Lounger ?
***
Daria Place is a cul - de-sac in the pleasant Preston Hollow neighbourhood north of Dallas .
The Bushes ' single - storey 8,500 sq ft house apparently sits on an acre plot here , and was bought by the couple for $ 2.7 m .
Just before the Bushes arrived in January , Dallas City Council approved their request to erect a security gate at the junction of nearby Meaders Lane – the only access to Daria Place .
Today , pink pansies sit in a little flower garden beside the gate , and if you look carefully you can see a discreet camera positioned to one side of the entrance .
But apart from the new gate , there 's really nothing special about Daria Place or its adjoining streets .
Actually , it 's all fairly drab by Dallas standards .
Modest single - storey bungalows stand side - by - side with more elaborate Tuscan - style villas ( the really big mansions are elsewhere in Preston Hollow ) .
It just looks like any other middle - class Dallas street .
It 's quiet too .
Leaves clutter the gutters of houses in the next street , and a couple of children play on a small blue scooter outside their home .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The Bushes ' home is close to a busy tollway and Dallas Love Field airport , so travel is easy .
He has been spotted mountain biking ( followed by a Secret Service detail ) in Rochester Park a few miles up the road , and just south is the Southern Methodist University ( SMU ) where his Presidential Library will be built .
Beyond that is the Highland Park United Methodist Church which he and Laura occasionally attend .
Until recently the Dallas Police Department had posted an officer outside their house , but not any longer : budget cuts have meant the Bushes have to rely solely on Secret Service protection now .
Do Americans prefer their former Presidents to maintain a presence on the world stage , or , like Gerald Ford , do they expect them to just play golf in " retirement " ?
Leaving office with a presidential approval rating of 22 per cent – the lowest in 60 years – two unfinished wars and the deepest recession since the Great Depression is no excuse for laziness .
Nixon , whose presidency was unceremoniously ended by Watergate , worked hard at rehabilitating himself for years into his retirement , writing books and counselling on foreign policy issues that commentators say were regarded by parties on both sides of the divide as being reasoned and thorough .
It took time , but Nixon proved it could be done .
When Jimmy Carter left the White House in 1981 he launched into an ambitious second career attempting to broker peace in the Middle East , monitoring elections and helping to bring about conflict resolution .
His Carter Centre worked at bringing agricultural self - sufficiency to sub-Saharan Africa , while its health programmes in Africa and Asia have helped try to eradicate a parasite afflicting 10 million people , also addressing diseases such as river blindness and trachoma .
Bill 's Clinton Global Initiative ( CGI ) was set up in 2005 to help eradicate poverty , combat the spread of AIDS , curb childhood obesity and fight global warming .
Sure , George W Bush will have his presidential library for posterity , in a tradition which began in 1939 when Franklin Roosevelt donated his personal and public documents to the federal government , and which has now become a network of repositories for preserving all presidential papers .
Bush has said publicly that he wants to use his George W Bush Institute – part of the George W Bush Presidential Centre in Dallas , which will include his archives and library – to " promote human freedom " and search for " practical solutions to important public policy problems , guided by the principles of freedom , responsibility , opportunity and compassion . "
But although Bush tried to make democracy a theme of his presidency ( in his 2005 inaugural address he said " It is the policy of the United States to seek and support the growth of democratic movements and institutions in every nation and culture , with the ultimate goal of ending tyranny in our world " ) , he has very little credibility on the issues of freedom , opportunity and compassion .
" It may be a genuine aspiration , but I do n't know how he can do it , " says Jacob Weisberg , journalist and author of The Bush Tragedy .
Bush is simply paying lip service to the tradition of a post - office public role , says Weisberg .
" There 's no single template for an ex-President .
I think Carter redefined the role in a significant way and that he has been a tremendously effective ex-President – in a lot of ways a much more successful ex-President than President .
But he has set a fairly high bar .
Clinton , while not following it to the letter , has tried to emulate Carter 's best qualities .
And I think the first Bush did , too , to some extent , with his international humanitarian work . "
But since he left office on 20 January , humanitarian work has n't taken up too much of Bush 's schedule .
Just one week after walking out of the White House , he and Laura went to a women 's basketball game between Baylor and Oklahoma in Waco , where he received a " prolonged standing ovation " from fans .
In February , he paid a surprise visit to 30 students at a political science class at the Southern Methodist University , or SMU , in Dallas .
When he walked in " the students applauded but you could tell they were just shocked " , said SMU President R. Gerald Turner .
So what has he been doing ?
In March it was announced that Bush would be writing his memoirs .
Publishers Crown , part of the Random House group , paid a reported $ 7 m ( $ 5 m less than Clinton 's advance for My Life ) for a book entitled Decision Points , which is scheduled to launch at the end of 2010 .
Instead of telling his life - story , Bush will concentrate on explaining approximately a dozen choices he has made throughout his life – from the decision to quit drinking to sending troops to Iraq .
" I want people to understand the environment in which I was making decisions , " he told journalists earlier this year .
" I want people to get a sense of how decisions were made , and I want people to understand the options that were placed before me . "
But it is this year 's schedule of low - key ex-presidential glad - handing that has raised eyebrows .
This summer Bush and the former First Lady surprised residents of the small town of Woodward , Oklahoma by turning up to their 4th July celebrations .
" It 's nice of you to give a retired guy something to do , " he told them .
Johnny McMahon , editor of the local Woodward News tells me the couple was well - received .
" He met a few dignitaries in town .
He 's very popular here .
He gave a fine speech but it was n't political – it was more about the 4th July .
It 's an extremely conservative area . "
Then , in October , Bush gave the keynote address at the " Celebrators " conference in Sevierville , Tennessee – an evangelical Christian outreach event for " seniors " organised by Phil Waldrep Ministries .
" Around 8,500 people came and it was sold out , " Waldrep , a Southern Baptist evangelist , says .
" We could have had 20,000 , but that was all the facility would hold . "
Waldrep says
Bush did n't give a political speech but that it was a " patriotic event celebrating our country and its war veterans " .
Bush told attendees about pictures he had hanging in the Oval Office , and also most of the usual anecdotes he likes to tout around the speaking circuit .
" He was extremely well - received , " Waldrep says .
" Particularly when he talked about his love of our country and for his mum and dad .
I had the opportunity to spend some time with him privately beforehand .
He 's a very engaging , gracious man .
This is probably a phrase from the American South , but we like to say , ' He 's very down to earth ' . "
***
When Bush left office he said he was n't going to criticise incoming President Barack Obama .
" He deserves my silence , " he told guests at a private event in Calgary in March .
But some say that the attacks on his policies from the Obama administration have been relentless ( Obama recently told a group of Democratic donors , " I do n't mind cleaning up the mess that some other folks made , but while I 'm there mopping the floor I do n't want someone saying ' You 're not mopping fast enough ' " ) , and that it 's as if Bush no longer cares .
" I give him credit for being true to his word and butting out – but is it indifference ? "
Jacob Weisberg asks .
" There is something of a tradition of not criticising your successors , but it 's a tattered tradition .
And he has taken going silent on world affairs to the extreme .
He has so vanished from the scene that you could think , boy , he should n't have been there in the first place , that he is simply not engaged in these subjects . "
Weisberg wonders whether he is saving it for his memoirs .
" Bush 's genius has been setting expectations low .
I think Sarah Palin may have helped him out here – the bar has just dropped to the basement . "
According to Bruce Bartlett , former domestic policy adviser to Ronald Reagan and a US Treasury official under George Bush senior , Bush Jr has left the attacks on Obama to his former Vice President , Dick Cheney .
" I can't help but notice that Cheney has more than filled the gap in terms of making obnoxious and irresponsible statements about the current administration 's foreign policy , " Bartlett says .
" Bush may simply feel he has nothing to add to what Cheney is saying . "
Bartlett suggests that Bush may be biding his time , and that his silence so far will pay off .
" It may be that the expectations for Bush are so low that as long as he can walk and chew gum at the same time , he may find some extremely modest little thing to do in the future that people will say , ' Oh , he was n't such a bad guy after all ' . "
Other commentators believe that Bush does care about criticism of his presidential record , but is biting his tongue .
Brian Roberts , a politics professor at the University of Texas , describes attacks on the Bush by the Obama administration as " gratuitous " .
" They 're very aggressively pointing to Bush administration policies – one after the other – as being the root of all evil , and Bush has n't risen to the bait .
If he was to engage that agenda it would not serve the country well – and it would n't be becoming of a former President .
But Cheney has – and he 's gone beyond in many instances .
Roberts points to the library project as the cornerstone of Bush 's fightback .
" Presidential libraries often have public policy schools appended to them and tend to be the focus of post - presidential fundraising .
One of the things that Bush W is doing is aggressively seeking that bricks - and - mortar legacy that other Presidents have .
He 's not coming out of the gate and launching some Carter - like human rights initiative .
As with Clinton or his father or Reagan , he 's getting the library infrastructure in place because that becomes the physical legacy of the presidency and the forum for setting the record straight – or at least setting it in a certain way . "
What do Bush 's own people say about his post - presidency plans ?
In a telephone call , his spokesman David Sherzer tells me that Bush believes he must allow his successor to govern and not " weigh in on that " .
" The role of a former President and former Vice President – or anyone else who served in the administration – is vastly different .
He appreciates [ former ]
Vice President Cheney 's service very much and he appreciates him and his strong advocacies of the policies he implemented , " says Sherzer .
As for retirement , Sherzer says Bush is " done with politics but not with policy .
He 's a young man and feels like he has a lot of energy left .
He and Mrs Bush are excited about using the Institute as a force for peace , to promote human freedom , global health , accountability in education and economic growth .
" He 's excited about continuing to promote these things at a policy institute in the heartland of America . "
Sherzer points out that since 20 January , Bush has actually given 30 speeches ( including the motivational seminar in San Antonio ) , not only in the US but in India , Korea , China and Japan .
In Delhi he told an annual gathering of business leaders the hardware - store anecdote – again – and flew to Korea to give a speech on Seoul - Washington relations at the World Knowledge Forum .
" He enjoys sharing reflections from his presidency , his decision - making and management style , " Sherzer says .
And for the record , says his spokesman , Bush is 5/6ths of the way through his book ( " he's one of the most disciplined people you 'd ever meet " ) and works on it every day – not , Sherzer adds , with a ghost writer , but with a team of researchers and fact - checkers .
As for the anecdotes he likes to relay in his paid speeches , he apparently really did go to the hardware store – Laura sent him out to buy a battery as they 'd just moved into their house the day before .
He took his secret service protection because , Sherzer says , " he will never regain his anonymity , but he has had a great opportunity to become part of the Dallas community . "
Laura too has been busy speaking at conferences around the country .
" And she is very involved leading the women 's initiative at the presidential centre .
They both believe that women will be at the forefront of freedom in the Middle East , " Sherzer says .
" She has been involved in designing the library .
And she 's working on her own book , due out in the spring . "
I ask if Bush is still friends with anyone from his administration .
" He is in touch with a lot of different folks , " Sherzer says .
" He does n't miss being President but he misses the team – he sees Condi Rice , Don Evans [ former Secretary of Commerce ] , Josh Bolten [ former White House Chief of Staff ] still . "
***
On stage at the San Antonio arena , Bush is half - way through his 30 - minute speech .
" I sat behind a desk given to the US by Queen Victoria , " he tells a crowd that is now feeding from his hand .
" Franklin Roosevelt used that desk .
He was in a wheelchair .
' Course , I 'm the guy who ate the pretzel and passed out , " he jokes , referring to the 2002 incident .
" Everyone knows I ate the pretzel , and hardly anyone knew Roosevelt was in a wheelchair . "
There are lots of soldiers here today , in full uniform , and he plays up to them and this largely Republican crowd ( to be fair to Bush , he and Laura recently attended Fort Hood in Texas to speak to those injured in the shooting last month , but told senior army officials they wanted the visit to remain private and did n't want the media there ) .
He says it dawned on him shortly after 9/11 that the busts he had chosen to stand in the Oval Office , of Churchill , Eisenhower and Lincoln , were all wartime Presidents .
" I did n't put them in there because they were wartime leaders , " he says .
" When I campaigned I never said ' Elect me , I look forward to being a wartime leader ' .
It 's the worst thing a President ought to be , and it 's the last choice of a President to put his troops into harm 's way .
But I made the decision that the best way to protect the country from cold - blooded killers was to go on the offensive , stay on the offensive and bring them to justice before they hurt us again . "
If anybody here this afternoon remains ambivalent , a reference to his Southern roots and a touch of homespun wisdom should seal the deal .
" I came to Washington with a set of values , many of which I learned here in Texas , " Bush goes on .
" And I wanted people to understand I was n't going to change those values .
The temptation in life is to try to be the popular guy , but the important thing is to look in the mirror and be proud of what you see . "
The stadium erupts with whooping and applause .
Some people are standing .
" It was n't popular , " Bush says .
" But I believe it was right . "
It seems Bush is defending his record in retirement – but at home , in front of crowds of adoring fans .
On one politics blog , a commenter ( presumably someone who had been in the audience at one of his many speeches and heard the much - repeated dog- walking anecdote ) wrote : " I 'm sure the former President is much more relaxed in his speaking style now that the pressure 's off .
We are n't worried about his ' faux poos ' reflecting on our national image , and neither is he . "
Quite .
Out of office : Lives of the ex-Presidents
Bill Clinton ( US President 1993 - 2001 )
Clinton has written two books : his 2004 autobiography , My Life , and the charity manual Giving : How Each of Us Can Change the World , in 2007 .
Last August , he made a surprise trip to North Korea to negotiate the release of two US journalists , Euna Lee and Laura Ling ; they were released the next day and flew back with him .
In the 2008 Democratic primary campaign , he advocated vigorously on behalf of his wife , Hillary .
George H W Bush ( 1989 - 1993 )
In 2005 appeared with Clinton in a series of TV ads encouraging aid for victims of Hurricane Katrina and the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami .
Otherwise limits public appearances to occasions such as the state funeral of Ronald Reagan in June 2004 .
Ronald Reagan ( 1981 -1989 )
Publicly campaigned for issues including the repeal of the 22nd Amendment , which prohibits a president from serving more than two terms .
Established the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation in California , which contains a library with information on his presidency .
Jimmy Carter ( 1977 - 1981 )
Of the recent former presidents , arguably Carter has enjoyed the most prolific post - office career .
Has conducted peace missions in North Korea and Gaza , winning him the 2002 Nobel Peace Prize , and has been a prominent critic of the death penalty in certain parts of the US .
Has also authored 27 books including a children 's book , The Little Baby Snoogle - Fleejer , illustrated by his daughter , Amy .
Gerald Ford ( 1974 - 1977 )
In 1977 , Ford founded the Gerald R Ford Institute of Public Policy in Albion , Michigan , to give undergraduates training in public policy .
Was an outspoken critic of George W Bush 's decision to use Saddam Hussein 's alleged possession of weapons of mass destruction as a pretext for invading Iraq .
Richard Nixon ( 1969 - 1974 )
Spent much of his time trying to rebuild his reputation post - Watergate , most famously through his 1977 television interviews with David Frost .
Wrote 10 books , and offered his opinions on diplomacy to subsequent Oval Office residents .
Rob Sharp
I came across this listing yesterday and my immediate thought was , luxury after - hours .
The interior design just screams nightclub to me .
Love it or hate it , you ’re going to have an opinion .
The design and accents are quite dramatic and the colour - palette is dark and cool .
The Aquarious is a 38 - storey condominium , located on Vancouver , Canada ’s waterfront , in the trendy Yaletown neighbourhood .
Listed at $ 10 million CDN ( $ 9.57 m USD ) , the 5,000 sq- ft luxury penthouse with 360 - views comes fully - furnished .
Check it out :
ALL PHOTOGRAPHS BY : IVAN HUNTER
Check out his website for some great photography .
He has some terrific work posted online !
THE AQUARIUS PENTHOUSE SUITE
– With 360 degree views this rebuilt fully furnished 5,000 sq. ft ( 465 sq. meters ) waterfront penthouse has been customized and finished to the highest degree
– An open plan home designed with entertaining in mind that features 25 ’ ceilings in the living room , and a spacious media room complete with wet bar
– The kitchen is a chef ’s dream with every convenience including a separate 1,200 bottle wine cellar
– Escape the city in the zen styled master bedroom complete with a dressing room and spa-like master ensuite
– The home also features a fully equipped gym .
– The ultimate in the Yaletown lifestyle with massive private outdoor decks and just steps to high end retail , fine dining and breathtaking outdoor spaces .
The blue lighting in the cabinets support my nightclub theory
The handles make it look / feel like office furniture , love the piano though !
The Lovely 1,200 Bottle Wine Cellar
THE NEIGHBOURHOOD
– Yaletown is one of the trendiest neighbourhoods in Vancouver , often compared to Manhattan
– Densely populated with condominiums , this area was once a rail yard , and also the location of Expo 1986
– From biking and dog walking to enjoying the ocean views , Yaletown embodies the true Westcoast lifestyle
Great view from your private gym
THE AQUARIUS
– A 38 level condominium centrally located in Yaletown with 189 units developed by Concord Pacific in 1999
– This waterfront building faces south with spectacular views of Vancouver , English Bay and the North Shore Mountains
– Situated on the water across from the False Creek Marina and just around the corner from the Roundhouse Community Centre , the David Lam park , the Seawall and all that the spectacular Yaletown lifestyle offers
– Aquarius
One opens to a soaring lobby with gleaming floors and luxury interiors designed to bring the outside in
– The 24 - hour concierge service , video - controlled entry and restrictive elevator access provide you with security and peace of mind
Excessive number of lights in this bathroom
ADDITIONAL FEATURES
– Guest suite , panic room , private outdoor decks and completely furnished
– Location : The Aquarius , 1199 Marinaside Crescent – Unit 3801/3802 , Vancouver , BC V6Z 2Z7
– 2 Bedrooms
– 5 Bathrooms , 2 half bathrooms
– In - home fitness center
– 2 fireplaces
– 3 Parking Spots
– 5,000 square feet ( 465 square meters )
– Asking price : $ 10,000,000 CAD ( $ 9.57 million USD )
– Year Built : 2006
– Estimated property tax : $ 19,456.00 CAD ( $ 18,617 USD )
I feel like I ’m in a high - end boutique hotel in Manhattan
ALL PHOTOGRAPHS BY : IVAN HUNTER
Check out his website for some great photography .
He has some terrific work posted online !
The glass cabinet doors are amazing .
Love this dressing room
No comment
All information and photographs via Greg Carros of Sotheby ’s Realty : www.carros.ca
Floor to ceiling grass paneling with track lighting supports my nightclub theory
Stunning glass spiral staircase
25 - foot ceilings always win
ALL PHOTOGRAPHS BY : IVAN HUNTER
Private terrace
Gorgeous view of downtown Vancouver
If you enjoyed this article , the Sifter highly recommends : Stunning Open Concept Design Wallflower
Tests - make sure you have tests , so you do n't break anything while optimising .
- make sure you have tests , so you do n't break anything while optimising .
Profile - if you do n't profile first , you are almost certainly optimising the wrong thing .
- if you do n't profile first , you are almost certainly optimising the wrong thing .
Necessity - only start the optimisation process if something is running too slowly .
- only start the optimisation process if something is running too slowly .
Benchmark - use a sensible and representative test case to benchmark , to make sure you optimise the right thing .
- use a sensible and representative test case to benchmark , to make sure you optimise the right thing .
Optimising - to make a function faster , either call it less , or write it better .
Rational
Int
Either String [ Int ]
Int
String
undefined
data Foo = Foo !
Int
Foo undefined
Rational
Rational
Int
Integer
eqExpShell
ghc -- make - O1 - prof - auto - all -o hlint
hlint src +RTS -p
unify
unify :: NameMatch -> Exp -> Exp ->
Maybe [ ( String , Exp ) ]
unify nm ( Do xs ) ( Do ys ) | length xs == length ys = concatZipWithM ( unifyStmt nm ) xs ys
unify nm ( Lambda _ xs x ) ( Lambda _ ys y ) | length xs == length ys = lift M2 (++) ( unify nm x y ) ( concatZipWithM unifyPat xs ys )
unify nm x y | isParen x || is Paren y = unify nm ( fromParen x ) ( fromParen y )
unify nm ( Var ( fromNamed -> v ) ) y | isUnifyVar v = Just [ ( v , y ) ]
unify nm ( Var x ) ( Var y ) | nm x y = Just [ ]
unify nm x y | ( ( == ) `on` descend ( const $ toNamed " _ " ) ) x y = concatZipWithM ( unify nm ) ( children x ) ( children y )
unify nm _ _ = Nothing
unify
unify
descend
( == )
descend
unify
eqExpShell :: Exp_ -> Exp_ ->
Bool
eqExpShell = ( == ) `on` descend ( const $ toNamed " _ " )
eqExpShell
toNamed " _ "
toNamed
Do an [ ]
an
eqExpShell :: Exp_ -> Exp_ ->
Bool
eqExpShell = ( == ) `on` descend ( const $ Do an [ ] )
show
Show
eqExpShell :: Exp_ -> Exp_ ->
Bool
eqExpShell x y =
(( == ) `on` constr ) x y &&
(( == ) `on` descend ( const $ Do an [ ] ) ) x y
where constr = takeWhile ( not . is Space ) .
show
eqExpShell
constr
toConstr
Show
eqExpShell
eqExpShell
eqExpShell
Eq
geq
data Box = forall a .
Data a =>
Box a
eqExpShellSYB :: Exp_ -> Exp_ ->
Bool
eqExpShellSYB = f
where
f :: ( Data a , Data b ) => a -> b ->
Bool
f x y = toConstr x == toConstr y &&
and ( zipWith g ( gmapQ Box x ) ( gmapQ Box y ) )
g ( Box x ) ( Box y ) = tx == typeAnn || tx == typeExp || f x y
where tx = typeOf x
typeAnn = typeOf an
typeExp = typeOf ex
toConstr
Eq
eqExpShell
eqExpShell
App
unify
App
unify nm ( App _ x1 x2 ) ( App _ y1 y2 ) = lift M2 (++ ) ( unify nm x1 y1 ) ( unify nm x2 y2 )
App
eqExpShell
False
unify nm x y | isOther x && is Other y && eqExpShell x y = concatZipWithM ( unify nm ) ( children x ) ( children y )
where
isOther Do{} = False
isOther Lambda{} = False
isOther Var{} = False
isOther App{} = False
isOther _ = True
eqExpShell
- caf-all
- caf-all
- O0
String
testN " Module " $ Module ssi Nothing [ ] [ ] [ ]
testN " Decl " $ FunBind ssi [ ]
testN " Exp " $ Do ssi [ ]
testN " Pat " $ PWildCard ssi
testN :: Biplate a String => String -> a -> IO ()
testN msg x = do
t putStrLn $ " HSE for " ++ msg ++ " takes " ++ dp2 t ++ " s "
0.00
HSE for Module takes 0.54
HSE for Decl takes 0.86
HSE for Exp takes 2.54
HSE for Pat takes 0.32
Exp
String
Module
fixEq trans ( populate box )
populate
trans
fixEq
Module
Exp
Exp
HSE for Module takes 0.03
HSE for Decl takes 0.00
HSE for Exp takes 0.00
HSE for Pat takes 0.00
matchIdea
matchIdea :: NameMatch -> Setting -> Exp_ ->
Maybe Exp_
matchIdea nm MatchExp{lhs=lhs , rhs=rhs , side=side} x = do
u u guard $ checkSide side u
let rhs2 = subst u rhs
guard $ check
Dot lhs rhs2
return $ unqualify nm $ dotContract $ performEval rhs2
lhs
x
fmap
parseString HSE .
All 16.2 17.7
matchIdea Hint .
Match 14.4 1.6
eqExpShellSlow HSE.Eq 9.2 11.4
listDecl Hint .
List 6.1 4.1
lambdaHint Hint.Lambda 5.1 5.6
bracketHint Hint .
Bracket 4.1 6.4
hasS Hint .
Extensions 4.1 5.0
monadHint Hint .
Monad 4.1 2.9
~= HSE .
Match 4.1 2.5
isParen HSE .
Util 3.1 0.0
During Microsoft ’s PDC09 developer event in November last year , it was revealed ( to the disappointment of many ) that Windows Mobile 7 would only be discussed half - a- year - later at Microsoft MIX10 in March .
However as of today it ’s pretty much certain we ’ll get to see this make - or - break mobile OS first , a month - ahead of MIX10 , at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona during February 15 - 18 .
In an invitation from Microsoft I received today for Mobile World Congress , teased
Microsoft will be making several exciting announcements during the show .
You will learn :
How the company plans to align its consumer vision and grow opportunities for the mobile industry as a whole .
How it will tackle challenging times ahead , in the face of economic uncertainty and stiffening competition .
If that does n’t sound like Windows Mobile 7 , then I do n’t know what does .
Although it should be noted the event ’s current keynote lineup does not mention any representation from Microsoft , but I ’ve also been told that will change in the weeks to follow .
Even if in the minds of many – including myself as WM user – hope for the future success of this platform withers down by the day , there is still a chance Microsoft can come out guns blazing .
After all , you only have to look at the history of the XBOX to realize how Microsoft ’s Entertainment & Devices division can take an underdog to the top of the hill .
Disclosure : I ’ll be attending Mobile World Congress 2010 as a guest of Microsoft Australia .
BANGKOK , Thailand —
These days , even Santa Claus outsources to Asia .
Here at Bangkok Christmas Decoration Exporters Ltd. — global supplier of synthetic trees , plastic reindeer and assorted Christmas kitsch —
Thais in flip - flops have assumed the work of workshop elves .
If your tree - in - a - box reads “ Made in Thailand , ” it was likely assembled here .
The company , currently swamped with orders , mostly exports to the Western world .
But business is booming here in part because of Thailand ’s own infatuation with Christmas .
The three sisters who own the company are seeing more orders from across town rather than across the sea .
“ We ’re exporting less and less .
The malls here in Thailand want our business too , ” said co-owner Vilaiwan Watsiriseree , who started the family business more than 20 years ago .
“ We ’re the only company in Thailand that can make a 60 - foot Christmas tree . ”
As in past years , downtown Bangkok has now draped itself in a twinkling blanket of Christmas bric - a - brac .
Glowing snowflakes and cartoon - sized plastic mistletoe are strung around the central train station .
Shopping centers play synthesized renditions of “ Little Drummer Boy ” on a loop .
“ Thais especially love Santa Claus , ” Vilaiwan said .
“ He ’s my best - selling item . ”
But Thailand ’s Christmas craze is largely aesthetic .
Few kids in Bangkok know who Santa Claus is exactly .
As for Jesus ?
Forget about it .
“ Santa is Jesus ’ daddy ! ” said Nashy Saeng - Xuto , out snapping photos with his family under a towering Christmas tree at Central World .
And where does Nashy think Santa lives ?
“ In heaven ! ”
“ You know , the Thai Christmas does n’t have anything to do with religion , ” said Punyarudee Saeng - Xuto , Nashy ’s slightly embarrassed mom .
“ It ’s just something that ’s fun for us . ”
An ages - old trading crossroads , Thailand has long absorbed foreign customs .
The cutlery is Western , the hit pop songs are Korean and even the prevailing Buddhist religion , followed by 95 percent of Thais , was once an ancient import from India .
But in this a la carte approach to adapting outside culture , the finer points of celebrations such as Christmas are sometimes lost in translation .
My barber , for example , was recently stunned when I explained that Jesus ’ mother was a human being .
And similar to religion , Bangkok ’s flashy Christmas style is unrestrained by Western decorum .
The Bangkok Christmas Decoration Exporters showroom , where Thais come to select their synthetic trees , would not look out of place in Willy Wonka ’s factory .
In addition to traditional pine green , the trees come in tangerine , cotton candy pink , lemon - drop yellow and even licorice black .
For 350
Thai baht , about $ 10.50 , they ’ll throw in their “ Holiday Tree Pine Fragrance Real Scent Delivery System , ” which can hang discretely from a plastic branch .
In mid-December , orders both domestic and foreign were keeping workers so busy that the owners cancelled weekly Buddhist meditation sessions , sometimes led on the factory floor by a local monk .
Vilaiwan and her sisters , she explained , like to emphasize “ good Buddhist practices ” for employees .
Still , while many elements of Christmas are ignored here , Thais have definitely embraced the holiday ’s fuzzy , feel - good cheery vibe .
Many Bangkok
Thais use Christmas as an excuse to gather relatives , swap gifts and share good times .
“ Is Christmas supposed to be Jesus ’ birthday ?
The day Christianity was born ?
I really do n’t know , ” said Chudapa Arkasripath , a 16 - year - old out Christmas shopping with classmates .
“ But the meaning of Christmas , I think , is to share love , be with your family and then go party . ”
IPv4 and IPv6 AS Core : Visualizing IPv4 and IPv6 Internet Topology at a Macroscopic Scale
Since 2000 , CAIDA has generated AS Core graphs -- Internet Topology Maps also referred to as AS - level Internet Graphs -- in order to visualize the shifting topology of the Internet over time , as can be seen in the historical view .
See the IPv4 AS Core in 2017 for details of our latest AS Core 2017 visualization , and download a poster of the latest AS Core visualization .
Data Source
CAIDA 's AS
Core visualization represents a macroscopic snapshot of IPv4 and IPv6 Internet topology samples captured over the course of a year .
The plot illustrates both the extensive geographical scope as well as rich interconnectivity of nodes participating in the global Internet routing system .
Coordinated by our active measurement infrastructure , Archipelago ( Ark ) , CAIDA collects data from monitors that probe paths toward millions of networks that cover a large portion of the routable prefixes seen in the Route Views Border Gateway Protocol ( BGP ) routing tables .
Figure 1 . Coordinates of AS in AS core visualization .
We aggregate this IP - level data to construct IPv4 and IPv6 Internet connectivity graphs at the Autonomous System ( AS ) level .
Each AS approximately corresponds to an Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) .
We map each observed IP address to the AS responsible for routing traffic to it , i.e. , to the origin ( end - of - path ) AS for the IP prefix representing the best match for this address in BGP routing tables collected from Route Views .
The position of each AS node is plotted in polar coordinates ( radius , angle ) calculated as indicated in Figure 1 , on the right .
Starting from 2013 we have made two major refinements to how we create the graph , including how we rank individual ASes , improving our AS Core visualization .
First , we now rank ASes based on their transit degree rather then their outdegree .
Second , we now infer links across I nternet e X change ( IX ) point address space , rather than considering the IX itself a node to which various ISPs attach .
The examples below illustrate how these changes can affect the resulting data , using samples from our 2013 AS Core visualization .
1. Change in Ranking Metric From Outdegree to Transit Degree
Figure 2 : Comparing the global degree , transit degree , and outdegrees of ASes .
Using outdegree differentiates leaf nodes 2 , 3 , 4 , and 5 from central nodes 6 and 7 , but leaves node 1 with a high degree only because it hosts a monitor .
Using transit degree reveals that 1 is actually a leaf node , and differentiates node 6 ( which provides transit between 3 ASes ) from node 7 ( which provides transit only for 2 ) .
To place them on the graph , we originally sorted ASes by outdegree , which is the number of outbound links from an AS as observed in AS paths .
In Figure 2 , ASes 2 , 3 , 4 , and 5 have an outdegree of 0 , since nothing follows them in any path .
ASes 6 and 7 have an outdegree of 2 , while AS 1 has an outdegree of 3 only due to the monitor it hosts .
Using transit degree instead drops AS 1's degree to 0 , and differentiates 6 , which provides transit for three ASes , from 7 , which provides transit for only two .
2. Inferring links across IX Address Space
Figure 3 : Inferring AS connectivity across IX address space .
AS 1 and 2's degrees increased as we no longer included their links to the IXes in their degree count , but each gained two direct links .
The degree of AS 4 did not change : it no longer had a link to the IX , but we now counted a direct link to AS 1 .
Only the degree of AS 3 decreased , since it lost the link to the IX and already had a link to AS 2 .
Our second substantial methodology change was that we infer links across IXes when the IX 's address space appears in the traceroute .
IXes provide infrastructure fabrics over which other ASes peer .
Although the IX may have their own AS and address space , links that cross an IX 's address space are actually peering links directly between the ASes connected to the IX , rather than to the IX itself .
But raw traceroute data can include IP addresses used by an IX to facilitate this direct peering across the IX .
Sometimes an AS might announce the IX 's address space , in which case a simplistic mapping of these raw IP addresses to ASes will introduce false peering links between the AS announcing the IX 's address space and ASes peering at the IX , as well as hide actual peering links between pairs of ASes on either side of the IX .
To recover the true peering connectivity , we infer links across IX address space that is self - identified by the IX in PeeringDB .
This new method does not always result in an increase in the degrees of ASes announcing IX address space .
In figure 3 , AS 3 already has a direct link to AS 2 at some other location , so inferring peering across the IX results in a loss of the link to the IX's AS , and no additional neighbors , resulting in a drop in degree for AS 3 .
Quantifying the effects of these changes on IPv4 AS degree computations
We use box plots ( in figures 4 , 5 , 7 , 8 , 10 , 11 , 12 , and 13 ) to show the impact of the two changes in methodology on the resulting data .
In each figure , we group ASes into bins of at least 25 with a given outdegree range ; each bin is represented by one box - and - whisker plot , which delineates the range of change in degree when moving from an old method to a new method .
The top of the box represents the 3rd quartile ( 75 % ) , the line in the middle of the box is the 2nd quartile ( 50 % ) , and the bottom of the box is the 1st quartile ( 25 % ) .
The whiskers represent 5 % and 95 % .
We compute the percentages for this distribution as follows :
box plot y = degree ( old ) - degree ( new )
degree ( old )
Figure 4 : In the IP v4 graph , more then 75 % of ASes had a larger transit degree then outdegree , although the relative change decreased as the outdegree increased .
For ASes with degree larger then 20 , an increasing fraction had transit degrees smaller than their outdegrees .
Figure 5 : Our second methodology change -- inferring IP v4 links across the IX address space -- yielded modest change ( usually an increase ) in transit degree for most degree ranges .
ASes with moderate degrees using the old method saw the largest percentage change with the new method .
The four ASes who dropped their degree over 90\ % were either IXes or announcing IX address space .
Figure 6 : Focusing on the top ten ASes , ranked by outdegree , transit degree , or transit degree given inferred links in the IP v4 graph , Hurricane Electric ( AS 6639 ) was the only AS whose outdegree was significantly larger then its transit degree , unsurprising given the two Ark monitors inside Hurricane Electric .
Hurricane Electric ( AS 6639 ) also saw the most new links inferred across the IX address space , which increased its degree by 32.3 % from 2053 to 2714 .
Figure 4 shows the change in AS degrees when switching from the use of outdegree to transit degree for IP v4 ASes .
More then 75 % of ASes had a larger transit degree then outdegree , although the relative change decreased as the outdegree increased .
For ASes with outdegree larger then 20 , an increasing fraction ( but never above 25 % of ASes in a bin ) had transit degrees smaller than their outdegrees .
Figure 5 shows the percentage difference in transit degree when removing links connected to ASes announcing IPv4 IX address space , and adding AS links inferred across IX address space .
The effect on transit degrees is subtle ; ASes will both potentially lose links to IX address space and potentially gain new links across the IX .
In our data , bridging inferences across the IX address space resulted in a loss of 5 % of the existing IP v4 links , but yielded an additional 7,000 links ( 12 % of the original ) , for a net 7 % increase in links .
Half of the ASes saw less than 10 % change in their transit degree .
ASes with moderate ( between 100 and 360 ) transit degrees using the old method saw the greatest relative change to their transit degree .
Among the top 50 ASes by the old method , 4 had their transit degree drop to less then 10 % their old value ( these 4 were IXes or announcing IX address space ) .
Figure 6 focuses on the top ten ASes , ranked by outdegree , transit degree , or transit degree given inferred links in the IP v4 graph .
Hurricane Electric ( AS 6639 ) was the only AS whose outdegree was significantly larger then its transit degree , probably due to the two Ark monitors they host .
Hurricane Electric ( AS 6639 ) also saw the most new links inferred across the IX address space , which increased its degree from 2,053 to 2,715 ( 32 % ) .
ReTN.net ( AS 9002 ) saw its transit degree increase from 988 to 1,176 ( 19 % ) .
Most of these ASes had transit degrees within 1 % of their outdegrees .
Effects on IPv6
Figure 7 : In the IPv6 graph , 75 % of ASes had transit degree larger than their outdegree .
Unlike in IP v4 , 5 % of ASes with outdegrees larger than 5 had their transit degree drop almost to 0 , typically in cases where they were hosting an Ark monitor ( which increased their observed outdegree but would not affect transit degree ) .
Figure 8 : In the IPv6 graph , 75 % of ASes had their transit degrees increase when links were inferred across IX address space .
For the top 50 ASes by the old method , 4 of them ( which were either IXes or announcing IX address space ) saw their degrees drop to almost zero .
Figure 9 : This plot shows the effects of our two methodology changes on the degree of the top ten ASes in the IPv6 graph ranked by by outdegree , transit degree with IXes as nodes , or transit degree with links inferred across IXes .
Outdegree and transit degree are almost the same for all ten ASes , but inferring links across IX address space caused 3 ASes to drop out of the top ten and 3 new ASes join .
Hurricane Electric transit degree increasing by 36 % , increasing the gap between itself and the next largest AS .
Figure 7 shows box plots of the percentage differences between degree and transit degree for ASes in the IP v6 graph .
IP v6 sees an effect similar to the IP v4 graph : more then 75 % of ASes had a larger transit degree then outdegree , although the relative change decreased as the outdegree increased .
Unlike in IP v4 , 5 % of ASes with outdegrees larger than 5 had their transit degree drop almost to 0 , typically in cases where they were hosting an Ark monitor ( which increased their observed outdegree but would not affect transit degree ) .
These ASes had a similar drop in the IP v4 graph , but the smaller size of the IP v6 graph increases their visibility .
Figure 8 shows that 75 % of ASes had their transit degree increase when links were inferred across IX address space .
For the top 50 ASes by the old method , 4 of them ( 3 IXes and an AS announcing IX address space ) saw their degrees drop to almost zero .
Half of all ASes had their degree change less than 25 % .
Of the top ten ASes by transit degree in the graph where we treated IXes as nodes , Hurricane Electric 's transit degree increased by 36 % when we inferred links across the IX address space .
As expected , the Amsterdam Internet Exchange ( AS 1200 ) and the German Internet Exchange ( AS 6695 ) saw the largest drop in transit degree when we removed links directly to IXes .
Although Bharti Airtel ( AS 9498 ) is not an IX , it was announcing an an IX 's address space and so its transit degree dropped 88.4 % .
NORDUnet ( AS 2603 ) and Next Layer Telecommunication ( AS 1764 ) both joined the top 10 , with transit degree increases of 155.8 % and 269.2 % , respectively .
The larger role of IXes in the less mature IP v6 topology is reflected in the stronger effect their removal has on the degree - based AS ranking .
Summary of effects of two changes : Switching to Transit Degree and Inferring across IX's Address Space
Figure 10 : In the IP v4 graph , the combined effect of switching from outdegree to transit degree as inferred across IX address space resulted in all low - degree ( less than 10 ) ASes increasing their degree , and most ( 75 % of ) remaining ASes increasing or keeping the same degree .
Some larger degree ASes dropped degree dramatically , typically because they were IXes or announced IX address space .
Figure 11 : In the IPv6 graph , the combined effect of switching from outdegree to transit degree as inferred across IX address space decreased the degree for half of the top ASes ranked by outdegree .
In both IPv4 and IPv6 , the most connected ASes experienced limited effects due to the change from outdegree to transit degree .
In most bins , more than 75 % of ASes increased their degree .
IPv6 's top bin ( top 25 ASes by outdegree ) was the exception , with over half decreasing their degree , due to the many IX ASes represented in this bin .
In both IP v4 and IPv6 , Hurricane Electric ( AS 6939 ) saw its transit degree increase by over 30 % when links were inferred across IX address space .
Most other highly connected ASes in IP4 saw little change due to the IX node removal , but the IPv6 AS graph 's top 10 saw significant change due to the larger role of IXes in the less mature IP v6 topology .
More information
This AS core visualization addresses one of CAIDA 's topology mapping project goals : to develop techniques to illustrate structural relationships and depict critical components of the Internet infrastructure .
We rank ASes based on their transit degree rather then their outdegree .
We infer links across Internet eXchange ( IX ) point address space , rather than considering the IX itself a node to which various ISPs attach .
For more information about the topology mapping project , see : https://www.caida.org/projects/macroscopic/
For details on a more sophisticated methodology for ranking AS interconnectivity , based on inferring AS relationships from BGP data , see CAIDA 's Introduction to Relationship - based AS Ranking at https://www.caida.org/data/as-relationships/.
Demonstration
If you would like to try out a demo of the CAIDA tools used to construct this graph , please see https://www.caida.org/projects/internetatlas/gallery/ascore/demo.xml.
We have prepared a historical view of AS Core visualizations including the latest AS Core currently available .
In an interview with CNBC , McGraw - Hill 's CEO confirms that their textbooks will be on the Apple Tablet and it will be an iPhone OS based machine .
When asked about rumors that their textbooks will be on the Apple tablet , Terry McGraw responds ( 2 m 50s ) :
" Yeah , Very exciting .
Yes , they 'll make their announcement tomorrow on this one .
We have worked with Apple for quite a while .
And the Tablet is going to be based on the iPhone operating system and so it will be transferable .
So what you are going to be able to do now -- we have a consortium of e-books .
And we have 95 % of all our materials that are in e-book format on that one .
So now with the tablet you 're going to open up the higher education market , the professional market .
The tablet is going to be just really terrific . "
More on prorogation
In response to my previous post about prorogation , someone emailed me this comment :
My participation in our democracy is limited to voting when there 's an election and mostly ignoring everything else . [...]
Despite that , I can tell from the rumbling that there 's something unusual about this particular prorogation .
If it was just normal boring governing , nobody would be talking about it .
I actually think this comment is very insightful , because it gets right to the heart of the issue I was trying to address .
Other people sent responses that were more like , " But what gives them the right to manipulate it in such an evil way ? "
It 's almost the same question , but those comments were not insightful .
They missed the fact that there may not be any manipulation at all , and therefore turned it from a question of fact into a question of opinion .
I 'm not a professional journalist .
Yesterday 's attempt at factual reporting took all the restraint I had .
So this post will surely not meet my own high standards for journalistic integrity .
I 'm just some guy on the Internet .
You 've been warned .
How I came to know what " prorogation " means
Full disclosure : I personally do n't like the Conservatives .
I think if they had a majority government , Canada would be worse off .
I think the fact that Harper does most of his public relations through a " spokesperson " is a total embarrassment .
I also think our current batch of other political leaders , with the possible exception of Gilles Duceppe , are even worse , and I sorely miss the days when Jean Chretien used to beat people up with statues .
But I would n't vote for Ignatieff , precisely because he pulls the current kind of crap .
I wish I still lived in Quebec so I 'd at least have a party worth voting for .
That 's the perspective with which , not knowing anything about the current prorogation debate ( or even what " prorogation " means ) , I returned to Canada from my vacation in Mexico and was met by an angry Internet mob complaining about our upcoming dictatorship .
See above : " My participation in our democracy is limited to voting when there 's an election and mostly ignoring everything else . "
Me too .
You know why ?
Because I think the system works .
That 's the beauty of representative democracy .
But I figured , okay guys , I 'm pretty smart , I can figure this stuff out .
If there 's really a dictatorship coming , I want to be on the winning team .
So I thought I 'd better look into it .
The actual mob of complainers were no help .
They all figured that someone else knew what was bad about what was going on , or else they figured that just suspending parliament at all made the government a dictatorship .
This left me to do my own " research " ( a word that is in quotes because I did all this " research " in bed using my laptop ) .
First stop : The National Post ( via Google ) , in an article titled , " Thousands turn out at rallies to protest proroguing of Parliament . "
Intermission : A note on how to read political news
All news sources are biased .
The first thing you have to do is identify the bias .
Both the National Post and the Globe and Mail are Liberal - friendly and anti-Conservative .
How can you tell ?
Just read any headline about politics and watch the trend .
Other tips : 1 ) all quotes from politicians are weasel words ; do n't trust them .
2 ) using quotations from any individual allow the newspaper to avoid fact checking ; it is always a fact that " person X said Y , " no matter how false Y may be .
3 ) in constructions like " estimates pegged the turnout at more than 3000 people " note that nobody in particular is being quoted ; they are reporting that some random person estimated more than 3000 people .
Do not fool yourself into thinking that they do n't pull tricks like this .
They have to research , write , edit , and publish a fat sheaf of paper like the National Post every single day .
Corners will be cut .
... shockingly , the National Post headline is phrased in an anti-government way ( since the government is Conservative ) .
Reading on , we see lots of quotes from political leaders ( ignore them ; rule 1 ) .
The whole article is also really a big quote from an angry mob of protesters ( no fact checking was done ; rule 2 ) , since it merely reports that there was an angry mob , not that what the mob was angry about even exists .
And we do n't know if the mob was really 10 people or a million people ( rule 3 ) .
So that article , although it used many words , was in fact 100 % pure unenlightening .
Nevertheless , I could feel myself thinking anti-Conservative thoughts despite the total lack of facts .
I thought I 'd better go find something biased in the opposite direction so that I could balance things out a little .
I realized that I could n't think of any actual Canadian mainstream newspapers that are Conservative - friendly ; I 'm probably forgetting something obvious .
So I resorted to blogs , which made things easier .
Next stop : Alberta Ardvark ( via Google ) .
I have to admit that I assumed they were Conservative - friendly just because they 're in Alberta , which means I 'm a racist .
However , I was not disappointed .
That article was the usual politico - blogger nonsense , giving handy advice on how to win a political argument not by arguing about the issue , but instead by turning the conversation around to character assassination whenever possible .
( In this case , it 's about the fact that Ignatieff supported prorogation last year , so he's not allowed to be against this particular prorogation this year ; that makes him inconsistent , therefore a liar , so it does n't matter what he says , etc . )
Nicely done as always , Internet .
But there was one intriguing quote : " ... the ones who have been convinced by the media that this prorogation is not a routine event ... "
Wait ... routine event ?
Surely this is Conservative propaganda .
I was intrigued , so I followed the link .
It points out that Chretien prorogued parliament 4 times .
And Pierre Elliot Trudeau , supposed Canadian hero ... 11 times ?!
Holy crap !
Who 's the evil one around here , again ?
My brain 's magical pattern - detectors then kicked in and I thought : hey , wait a minute .
Those prorogation counts seem to be roughly proportional to the amount of time a particular Prime Minister was in office .
Perhaps there 's a pattern here .
And then , at the bottom of the article : " In our 143 years of existence as Canada , Parliament has been prorogued 105 times . "
Oh dear .
Maybe I 'd better go learn what prorogation is .
The answer is : it 's an all - too - fancy word for the end of every parliamentary session .
And it 's a word I did n't know the meaning of until now .
A word that every news article and blog entry I 've read so far has not bothered to define .
A word that , in some tenses , has the word " rogue " in it .
Okay , this sucks .
Reading biased articles in a search for truth is getting me nowhere .
Is there not any news source that will just give me the facts and not try to spin it the way they want ?
Well , no , I guess there is n't .
But there 's something close : the CBC .
Because it would be weird if they did n't , the above - linked CBC article has quotes from politicians ; try to ignore them ( rule 1 ) .
If you fail to do so , you will discover that the first apparent use of the word " despotic " in this context was by Ralph Goodale , Liberal House Leader , whom you should not vote for because he is thus automatically a lunatic .
However , the non-politician - quote parts of the article seem to be well balanced and , notably , identify several reasons why Harper might have wanted to prorogue government right now as opposed to some other time .
So what have we learned ?
First , that prorogation of parliament is totally normal , and that the length of the just - ended session is n't even unusually short ; and second , that Harper might very well have chosen this particular date in order to benefit himself or his party .
Gasp !
Let us look at these possible reasons in more detail .
The CBC 's suggested reasons for the current prorogation
" Muzzle parliamentarians amid controversy over the Afghan detainees affair . "
Do n't know about you , but parliament has been shut down for a whole month already and I have n't noticed any of those parliamentarians not talking .
I wish .
But maybe you have a point ; when parliament next starts up , I bet the opposition parties will have completely forgotten about the whole thing , despite the obvious political leverage they could gain from bringing it up .
Harper has totally outfoxed them on this one .
" To consult with Canadians , stakeholders and businesses as it moves into the ' next phase ' of its economic action plan amid signs of economic recovery . "
Well , I guess theoretically , if you 're in parliament you do n't have as much time for consulting with Canadians .
But do n't we have Royal Commissions for that or something ?
Maybe they just wanted a longer Christmas holiday .
( Aside : the reason the prorogation " does n't start until January 25th " is that they 've all been on holidays since sometime in December .
Seriously . )
" Strategically , prorogation also prevents question period criticisms from the opposition parties during the Olympics . "
Hey , not bad .
Avoid the bad PR for Canada from discussing our idiotic foreign affairs policies at the same time as we 're in the global spotlight .
Critically , this allows Mr. Harper , who ( let 's be honest ) does n't look all that lovable , to hide in the cellar for the whole time the Olympics are on , letting someone cuter represent us to the world .
This seems to be a wise strategy no matter which side of the fence you 're on .
" By proroguing Parliament , he is unilaterally making a decision to stop any kind of disclosure from happening . "
As if information can't be disclosed just because nobody 's making any laws right now .
Remember : parliament is the legislative branch of the government .
It 's for making new laws .
No other part of the government is suspended just because parliament is .
( Note : see update below . )
" Gilles Duceppe wrote that prorogation has become ' a tradition for Harper . ' "
Duceppe has an awesome sense of humour .
I had to read this one a few times before I realized that he managed to give them a sound bite while simultaneously making fun of the fact that prorogation is totally normal , ie .
a " tradition . "
" By the time Parliament resumes , Harper would have had time to ask Jean to name five new senators , which would give the Conservatives a majority on the newly formed Senate committees and greater control for passing their own legislation . "
( Notably : nobody was quoted saying this .
CBC had to look it up on their own . )
" Soudas confirmed the prime minister will seek to fill the Senate vacancies between now and March . "
This one is actually a great example of a real political reason to prorogue parliament ; to get more control of the senate in time for the next session .
But the Canadian senate system is designed ( on purpose ) to work like that .
That 's why the current senate is mostly Liberal even though our elected representatives are mostly non-Liberal .
Senators are appointed for life , at which time the Prime Minister selects new ones .
No surprises here .
( In case you do n't like that system : the only party in favour of senate reform in Canada is the Conservatives .
They 'd rather you could elect your senators .
How " anti- democratic " of them .
I actually think such reform would be a change for the worse , but that 's just my opinion . )
" Shortly after Soudas ' announcement , the government sent out an email saying it would reintroduce , in original form , the consumer safety bill and the anti-drug - crime law that the Tories claimed the Liberals ' gutted ' in the Senate . "
This shows significant political maneuvering .
However , bills take multiple rounds through both houses before they ( might ) get passed anyway , so this is n't as bad as it sounds .
The " gutted " version might never have been passed anyway .
Also , interestingly , this was pointed out in an email from a Conservative MP .
Apparently they do n't think it 's evil .
At least not evil enough to cover up .
Conclusions
Guys , I did my homework .
But I 'm just not seeing it .
The actual facts are :
1 ) Prorogation is perfectly normal and the recent parliamentary session was n't abnormally short .
2 ) We wo n't have any more new laws getting made for a month or so longer than usual .
( Remember : they were on vacation until January 25th anyway . )
But being unable to do stuff does n't make you a despot , it makes you a eunuch .
3 ) If Harper is really evil , the first thing to happen in the new parliament in March is that there will be a vote of non-confidence followed by an election .
If this does n't happen , it 's because the angry non-Conservative parties did n't actually believe he was evil either .
4 ) There are some valid political reasons why it 's better for the Conservatives if they prorogue parliament right now instead of later .
However , they are n't very exciting reasons .
5 ) There is at least one actual reason ( Harper is scary - looking and the Olympics are coming ) that it 's better for Canada if they prorogue parliament right now .
6 ) All mainstream media that I read - which was quite a bit - failed to properly define the term " prorogation " or to mention that it 's perfectly normal .
This seems a rather critical thing to know .
Its omission suggests to me that they 're trying to make news out of non-news .
Epilogue
" If it was just normal boring governing , nobody would be talking about it . "
Unfortunately not true .
That 's textbook mob mentality : he must be guilty , because otherwise my friends would n't be burning down his house .
The only cure for mob mentality is thinking for yourself .
Updates
Some helpful people have emailed me to clarify or correct or question various parts of the above .
Information release on the Afghan torture investigation : make no mistake , this investigation , and the demand for release of information related to it , is very important .
It will also be delayed ( for about one month ) because of prorogation .
Because of " parliamentary immunity , " the interesting testimony wo n't be released during the delay .
However , you need to think about two key points : first , will the end result of the investigation be any different because of a one - month delay ?
And second : will the Conservatives benefit because of the delay ?
Keep in mind that if the results came out now , they would be largely overshadowed by news about the Olympics .
If they come out later , the Olympics will be over , the opposition parties could force an election , and the results would be headlining right as we 're thinking about who to vote for .
And yet the Conservatives have chosen the latter , not the former .
Precise timing of prorogation : Several people responded by claiming that it's not prorogation that 's the problem , it 's the particular timing of Harper 's use of prorogation .
This is an insidious line of argument because it 's impossible to disprove ; if Harper had prorogued parliament back on the 9th of September ( 9/9/9 is the British equivalent of 9/1/1 ) , you could have accused him of using numerology to choose prorogation dates , and it would be impossible to refute that claim , even if it had been a perfectly sensible date to end the parliamentary session .
Thus , to demonstrate any wrongdoing , you really have to be more specific about why the current timing is so evil .
I have discussed several possible reasons above .
Please feel free to suggest more .
But " the timing is evil ! " is not specific enough .
With that in mind , however , a lot of bad statistics are being spread with regard to the lengths of various parliamentary sessions .
Here are all of the sitting days per session since 1980 :
Turner and Trudeau ( Liberal ) : 591 , 116
Mulroney ( Conservative ) : 308 , 389 , 11 , 308 , 271
Chretien ( Liberal ) : 283 , 164 , 243 , 133 , 211 , 143 ( avg : 196 )
Martin ( Liberal ) : 55 , 159
Harper ( Conservative ) : 175 , 117 , 13 , 128 ( avg. excluding outlier : 140 )
Eyeballing it , Harper 's numbers are very slightly lower than typical ( except for last year 's prorogation , which was indeed an interesting event ) .
Ignoring the outlier ( 13 ) , Harper 's average is just 29 % lower than Chretien's .
However , Harper has also managed to hold together the longest - running ( by a large margin ) minority government in Canadian history .
I find it unsurprising that the effort required to do so would result in somewhat shorter sessions .
Mac clone maker Psystar last week indefinitely suspended sales of its only product , a $ 50 utility that lets customers install Apple 's Snow Leopard operating system on generic Intel - based computers .
The company also said it would resume selling systems " in the coming days . "
Those machines will run Linux rather than Mac OS X .
Psystar , which began selling Mac clones in April 2008 , has been battling Apple in federal court in California since July 2008 , when Apple sued the Doral , Fla. firm , saying it violated copyright laws by preinstalling the Mac operating system on its machines .
Sales of Rebel EFI , which Psystar launched in October , have been " voluntarily suspended " while the company seeks clarification from the courts about whether the software is legal , Psystar said in a Dec. 22 statement .
" Psystar feels it would be prudent to halt the sale of Rebel EFI while we explicitly ask the court for clarification on the legality of Rebel EFI . "
Rebel EFI has been Psystar 's only product since early December , when the company halted sales of all hardware , including the Intel - based clones pre-loaded with Snow Leopard , and agreed to pay Apple approximately $ 2.7 million if it loses its planned appeals of a ruling by U.S. District Court Judge William Alsup .
On Dec. 15 , Alsup issued an injunction that banned Psystar from selling Mac OS X - equipped computers , giving the small business until midnight Dec. 31 to comply .
Although the injunction did not expressly include Rebel EFI , Alsup warned Psystar that at some point it could be held in contempt if it sold the software .
" Whether Rebel EFI violates the terms of the injunction set forth in this order is a factual issue more appropriate for a contempt action , " Alsup said in his order two weeks ago .
" [ But ] this order declines to ' bless ' a product about which it knows little of substance ... and Psystar -- if it continues to do so -- sells Rebel EFI at its peril . "
Previously , Psystar argued that Rebel EFI should not be liable to any injunction ordered by Alsup , and in a second lawsuit , has asked a south Florida federal court to rule on the software 's legality .
Although Psystar took Alsup 's warning seriously enough to pull Rebel EFI , it continued to trumpet its right to sell the utility .
" We respectfully disagree with courts [ sic ] notion that we are ' hardcore copyright infringers , ' " said Psystar on its Web site .
" Psystar has never , and will never , condone software piracy .
It 's your software , you should be able to use it where you want to . "
Apple , however , has argued in the Florida federal court of U.S. District Court Judge William Hoeveler that Rebel EFI is " simply a repackaged version of Psystar 's circumvention technology " that has been barred by Alsup .
Apple has asked Hoeveler to transfer the Florida lawsuit to Alsup 's court .
Not surprisingly , Psystar sees things differently .
" If you purchase an off - the - shelf copy of OS X Snow Leopard , its [ sic ] your right to use that software , " said Psystar .
" A publisher cannot forbid you from reading a book in the bathroom or listening to a music disc while riding your bicycle .
There should be no difference in the software realm , no matter how much money Apple or anyone else throws at it . "
Although Rebel EFI has been taken off the market , Psystar said customers who ordered a $ 15 tee - shirt , or donated $ 20 or more to the company would receive a free copy when the utility goes back on sale .
The tee - shirt 's front reads " I sued Psystar " while the reverse reads " ... and all I got was a lousy injunction . "
The company has also asked for donations in $ 20 , $ 50 and $ 100 amounts .
Assuming Alsup or Hoeveler give Rebel EFI a stamp of legality , Psystar plans to release multiple versions of the Snow Leopard installation tool , including ones tailored to specific PCs , such as Dell 's discontinued Mini 9 netbook and Hewlett - Packard 's Mini series of netbooks .
In the meantime , Psystar will soon resume PC sales .
Unlike its previous machines , which could be ordered with Windows or Mac OS X , Psystar 's new line will only offer Linux .
Clearly , the new computers will be aimed at customers who want to install Snow Leopard rather than actually use Linux .
" In addition to using only first quality components , our hardware specifically chosen such that it is known to be compatible with OS X ( via Apples [ sic ] own drivers or open source offerings online ) , " said Psystar .
" This makes it easier to get up and running with your favorite XNU based operating system , including Pure Darwin . "
XNU is the operating system kernel that Apple acquired from NeXT , a computer company owned by CEO Steve Jobs between his stints with Apple .
Apple used the XNU kernel in Mac OS X .
Last week 's statement was the clearest indication yet that Psystar , which once told potential investors it could sell as many as 12 million machines in 2011 , will rely on Rebel EFI to drive any future business .
By selling Linux PCs and Rebel EFI to customers , Psystar would shift responsibility for installing Mac OS X to its users .
Psystar has yet to file motions in either the California or Florida federal courts asking for clarification of Rebel EFI 's legal status .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter @gkeizer , send e-mail at gkeizer@ix.netcom.com or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
This story , " Psystar Drops Mac Clones for Linux " was originally published by Computerworld .
Napolitano : " The system worked "
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said Sunday that the thwarting of the attempt to blow up an Amsterdam - Detroit airline flight Christmas Day demonstrated that " the system worked . "
Asked by CNN's Candy Crowley on " State of the Union " how that could be possible when the young Nigerian who has been charged with trying to set off the bomb was able to smuggle explosive liquid onto the jet , Napolitano responded : " We 're asking the same questions . "
Napolitano added that there was " no suggestion that [ the suspect ] was improperly screened . "
A surreal harbinger of what may well transpire in the US some day was today 's firing of the president of Argentina 's Central Bank Martin Redrado by president Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner .
The action followed his refusal to release reserves to the government to be used for debt service payments , as well as his refusal to resign .
At least in Argentina the Central Bank is answerable to the president , instead of the other way around .
The odd development follows Kirchner 's enactment of a " Bicentennial Fund " which was to be funded with $ 6.6 billion of the $ 17 billion reserves , in order to make debt payments this year : the Argentine government has $ 13 billion in debt service payments due in 2010 .
One can imagine their jealously of the US , where such a situation would be met with merely a little more cash printing and a few more $ 40 billion 3 year auctions .
Market News also reports :
Fernandez de Kirchner called on Redrado to resign , but when he refused she called an emergency cabinet meeting to sign a decree removing him from his post " for misconduct and failure to execute the responsibilities of a public functionary , according to press reports .
And the La Nacion daily reported that the president also ordered Attorney General Esteban Righi to file criminal charges against the Harvard - educated economist .
Ah , to see the day when various other Central Bankers see criminal charges filed against them for insubordination .
The Chinese economy must be really getting out of control , because the Chinese government is doing the unthinkable : it is desperately trying to put the brakes on the economy .
When you pump a stimulus package that represents 14 % of GDP through a fire hose into an economy , which was already on shaky bubble foundation , in a very short time you ’ll have some serious unintended consequences – you ’ll get super bubbles .
To understand what is taking place in China today , we need to rewind the clock about a decade .
At that time the Chinese government chose a policy of growth at any cost .
To achieve that , it kept its currency ( the renminbi ) at artificially low levels against the dollar – this helped already cheap Chinese - made goods become even cheaper than its competitors ’ .
The US and global consumers were eager to buy them .
China turned into a significant exporter to the US .
Normally , if free - market economic forces were at work , the renminbi would have appreciated and the US dollar would have declined .
However , if China let its currency appreciate , its exports would have become more expensive and the demand for Chinese products would have declined , and its economy would not have grown at 10 % a year .
But China is not your local democracy , and it needed to grow at any cost .
So instead , through the government - controlled banking system , China accumulated a couple trillion dollars of foreign reserves in US dollars and euros .
This had an unintended consequence : it helped to keep US interest rates at very low levels , and lent a friendly hand in the financing of a huge consumption binge by the US consumer ( i.e. , China ’s largest customer ) .
The more China sold to the US , the more dollars they accumulated , and thus the more US Treasuries they bought , driving our interest rates down .
The US consumer was in turn happy to leverage its future ( through the “ always ” appreciating asset , its house ) and delighted to consume cheap Chinese - made goods .
( I am not dismissing the role in what took place of many other factors , like lack of financial regulation ; missteps by rating agencies , the Fed , and politicians ; securitization ; etc. , but I do n’t want to steal the spotlight from China ) .
This symbiotic match made in heaven between China and the US consumer worked great as long as housing prices kept rising and the financial machine kept multiplying dollars .
But all good things come to an end , and great things come to an end with a bang .
The financial meltdown erupted upon us , the US and global banks started dropping like flies … well , you know how that story played out .
So now let ’s fast forward a year .
Today the global economy is stabilizing , thanks to Uncle Sam and various other “ uncles ” around the world .
But the consumers of Chinese - made goods are overleveraged and now deleveraging , unemployment is high , the banks have got religion and are not lending , and there is not much demand for loans anyway ( except from the US government ) .
Despite this , the Chinese export - based economy , a manufacturer to the world , has clocked growth of 8.7 % in 2009 .
The rest of the world looks at the Chinese growth miracle with envy ; it seems that China has got economics figured out .
But do n’t hurry to trade your democracy for an authoritarian system .
The Chinese grass is not as green as it appears .
First , China lies .
One should not believe all the economic numbers that are put out by the Chinese government .
This is the government that magically managed to report 6 - 8 % GDP growth in the midst of the financial crisis , when its exports were down over 25 % , tonnage of goods shipped through its railroads was down by double digits , and its electricity consumption was falling like a rock .
It is hard to manufacture 8 % more widgets with a lot less electricity , and no , China did not suddenly become energy efficient during the financial crisis : electricity consumption rebounded in a few months once the stimulus kicked in .
Despite reported rosy GDP growth , the Chinese economy was contracting during the economic crisis .
But do n’t be surprised , this is a government that will go to great length to maintain appearances to keep its ideology going .
After all , it censors what its citizens may or may not read and imprisons the ones that write anti-government articles .
Second , China will do anything to grow its economy , as the alternatives will lead to political unrest .
A lot of peasants moved to the cities in search of higher - paying jobs during the go - go times .
Since China lacks the social safety net of the developed world , unemployed people are not just inconvenienced by the loss of their jobs , they starve ( this explains the high savings rate in China ) and hungry people do n’t complain , they riot .
Once you look at what is taking place in the Chinese economy through that lens , the decisions of its leaders start making sense , or at least become understandable .
Unlike Western democracies , where central banks can pump a lot of money into the financial system but cannot force banks to lend or consumers and corporations to spend , China can achieve both at lightning speed .
The Chinese government controls the banks , thus it can make them lend , and it can force state - owned enterprises ( a third of the economy ) to borrow and to spend .
Also , since the rule of law and human and property rights are nascent in its economic and political system , China can spend infrastructure project money very fast – if a school is in the way of a road the government wants to build , it becomes a casualty for the greater good .
China has spent a tremendous amount of money on infrastructure over last decade and there are definitely long - term benefits to having better highways , fast railroads , more hospitals , etc .
But government is horrible at allocating large amounts of capital , especially at the speed it was done in China .
Political decisions ( driven by the goal of full employment ) are often uneconomical , and corruption and cronyism result in projects that destroy value .
Infrastructure and real estate projects are where you get your biggest bang for the buck if your goal is to maintain employment , since they require a lot of unskilled labor ; and this is where in the past a lot of Chinese money was spent .
This also explains why , in 2009 , new floor space constructed was up 100 % and residential real estate prices surged 25 % .
And this explains why they keep building skyscrapers even though the adjacent ones are still vacant .
To make things worse , before the financial crisis and enormous stimulus , China was already suffering from what I call late - stage - growth obesity , inefficiencies that are a byproduct of high growth rates sustained for a long period of time .
Though Chinese growth in the past was high , in its late stages the quality of growth has been low .
For example , in an echo of past Chinese government asset - allocation decisions , China built the largest shopping mall in the world , the South China Mall , that is 99 % vacant , years after construction .
China also built a whole city , Ordos , in Inner Mongolia , on spec for million residents who never appeared .
The inefficiencies are also evident in industrial overcapacity .
According to Pivot Capital , Chinese excess capacity in cement is greater than the combined consumption by the US , Japan , and India combined .
Also , Chinese idle production of steel is greater than the production capacity of Japan and South Korea combined .
Similarly disturbing statistics are true for many other industrial commodities .
The enormous stimulus amplified problems that already existed to financial - crisis levels .
China is a less shiny but more drastic version of Dubai .
There is speculation that the Chinese consumer will pick up the demand slack for the US and European consumers who are deleveraging and buying fewer Chinese - made goods .
This may happen , but it will take decades .
The US and European consumers are two - thirds of much larger economies .
The Chinese consumer is only a third of the Chinese economy , and its purchasing power is significantly undermined by the undervalued renminbi .
We look at China and are mesmerized by its 1.3 billion people , its achievements of the last decade , its recent economic resiliency , and its ability to achieve spectacular results on the fly .
But we have to remember that economic bubbles are usually just a good thing taken too far .
This was the case with railroads in the US in the late 19th century : the railroads were supposed to change the landscape of the US , and they did , but that did not prevent a lot of them from going out of business first and investors losing money .
The internet was supposed to change how we communicate , and it did , but in the process it generated a tremendous bubble , followed by the loss of wealth for many .
The Chinese economy is no exception .
Its long - term future may be bright , but in the short run we ’ve got a bubble on our hands .
Everyone wants a shortcut to greatness , but there is n’t one .
It would be great if the word ( economic ) cycle only existed in a singular form , and the only cycle we had in the economy was happy expansion .
If there were no cycles , there would be no painful recessions .
But as heaven could not exist without hell , or capitalism without failure , economic expansion cannot exist without recession .
China has been trying to bend the laws of economics for awhile , and with the control it exerts over its economy it may seem , at least for a short while , that the laws of economics work differently in China .
But this is only a temporary mirage , which must be followed by huge pain and drastic consequences .
No , there is no shortcut to greatness , in anything , not in politics , not in personal life , not in economics .
Vitaliy N. Katsenelson , CFA , is a portfolio manager / director of research at Investment Management Associates in Denver , Colo .
He is the author of “ Active Value Investing : Making Money in Range - Bound Markets ” ( Wiley 2007 ) .
To receive Vitaliy ’s future articles my email , click here .
As Sarah Palin's " bus " tour rolls on , journalists are beginning to identify her as the leader of a new kind of populism .
But this movement really just enshrines another elite .
Advertisement
In the newNew Yorker , Sam Tanenhaus writes ,
Polls taken last November showed that [ Palin ] had alienated centrists , and a majority of people still eye her with mistrust .
But this is beside the point .
Populists , from William Jennings Bryan and Huey Long through Joseph McCarthy and George Wallace , have always been divisive and polarizing .
Their job is not to win national elections but to carry the torch and inspire the faithful , and this Palin seems poised to do .
That she is the first woman to generate populist fervor on such a scale enhances her appeal - and makes her , potentially , a figure of historic consequence .
Advertisement
That chilling last statement aside , Tanenhaus offers a smart analysis of Palin 's inexperience and the political hay she 's made of it — " her insistent ordinariness , " he writes , " is an expression not of humility but of egotism , the certitude that simply being herself , in whatever unfinished condition , will always be good enough . "
Tanenhaus is n't the first to point out that Palin has elevated her lack of qualifications into a qualification — and indeed , she is n't the first to do this .
But Tanenhaus does hint that when Palin positions herself as a woman of the people , she really only means certain people .
He calls into question her claim " that Todd , whom she met in high school , is ' part Yupik Eskimo ' and opened her to the ' social diversity ' of Alaska " with the aside , " Wasilla is more than eighty per cent white . "
And of her year spent in college in Hawaii , he says ,
' Hawaii was a little too perfect , ' Palin writes .
' Perpetual sunshine is n't necessarily conducive to serious academics for eighteen - year - old Alaska girls . '
Perhaps not .
But Palin 's father , Chuck Heath , gave a different account to Conroy and Walshe .
According to him , the presence of so many Asians and Pacific Islanders made her uncomfortable : ' They were a minority type thing and it was n't glamorous , so she came home . '
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Tanenhaus also points out that Palin 's tour has visited mainly small cities in the Midwest , where " minority type things " are rare .
And , he says , " race is often the subtext of populist campaigns ; their most potent appeal is to whites who are feeling under siege by changing economic and cultural conditions . "
Palin's not exactly under any economic siege — though her Going Rogue junket has been billed as a bus tour , she 's actually traveling by $ 4,000 / hr private jet , a fact she occasionally slips up and Tweets about .
But Tanenhaus is n't the only one to see in Sarah Palin a new and disturbing brand of populism .
Advertisement
In Newsweek , Jonathan Alter links Palin with Lou Dobbs — that famed anti-immigration crusader who " is dropping hints about running for the White House in 2012 , presumably without the benefit of the Hispanic vote " — and Fox News fearmonger Glenn Beck .
Alter 's main quibble against the axis of Palin - Dobbs - Beck is that it 's substance - free — he writes , " They say nothing loudly , colorfully , and sometimes even charmingly , but it still does n't amount to a new vision for the country . "
But while Palin may not have much to say about real policy matters , her entire self - concept is disturbingly exclusionary .
In the LA Times , Neal Gabler compares Palin to Richard Nixon , who " understood that anti-elitism trumps everything — in his case , even his own unlikability . "
Gabler writes ,
Palin is playing that same card on the gamble that anti-elitism will trump her own inexperience , incompetence and lack of knowledge .
She knows that the more pundits harp on these so - called deficiencies , and the more the media cover it , the more she can claim that they are really just engaging in an old sport : expressing contempt for ordinary Americans , of which she is the self - proclaimed political exemplar .
Her self - promotion is designed to elicit their contempt for her and express her 's for them , including the very title of her book .
At one point she describes inviting NBC's Andrea Mitchell to Alaska , ostensibly so Palin could be interviewed but really , she says , so that Mitchell and her fancy - pants East Coast crew could be " slimed " with fish guts .
Advertisement
The scariest thing about Palin 's populism is n't that she uses it to camouflage her lack of knowledge or qualifications .
It 's that by claiming she stands for " real America , " she promulgates an extremely narrow conception of what real America is .
She supports men like Harold B. Estes , whose letter calling President Obama " son " she just posted on Facebook .
She stands for women — but not those who want reproductive choice — and for moms — but not if they 're on welfare .
And while she purports to stand for working - class Americans , she seems to care most about a particular slice of them — white conservatives who live in small cities and towns a decent distance from any coast .
These are Sarah Palin 's elite .
It 's not surprising that Palin 's anti-liberal - media rhetoric has resonated with this demographic .
While journalists come from all over , middle America — especially rural middle America — has a dearth of major media outlets , and it's not stupid that people in Grand Rapids sometimes feel ignored .
But this is more the result of the decline of the American newspaper — and the decline of manufacturing in what is now the Rust Belt — than any vast left - wing conspiracy .
And it 's been a long time since white , Christian voters in Midwestern states have been overlooked by political candidates ( oh hai , Iowa ) .
The genius of Palin and other conservatives of her ilk ( Dobbs and Beck , but also Bill O'Reilly and Rush Limbaugh ) has been to present a certain subset of white America as both majority — making up the true bedrock of the country — and minority — cruelly marginalized by its ruling elites .
In so doing , they can ignore groups more seriously and systematically marginalized — gays , immigrants , actual racial minorities — and still claim to represent the American people .
As a strategy , it 's been extremely effective at dividing the country against itself .
Whether it will put Sarah Palin in the White House , only time will tell .
Advertisement
North Star [ The New Yorker ]
Enter The Foxulists [ Newsweek ]
Palin's Bus Hoax [ The Daily Beast ]
Hate Sarah Palin ?
She Loves That [ LA Times ]
Palin Posts Letter Calling Obama ‘ Son ' [ Daily Beast ]
Connecticut Senator Joe Lieberman spoke with Fox News ’ Neil Cavuto on Tuesday and said that Scott Brown ’s win in the Massachusetts ’ special election to fill the seat left open by the late Edward M. Kennedy would send a strong message to Washington , and to the Democratic Party .
“ The independents are speaking loudly around the country today and they ’re telling us , one , to get together here in Washington , ” he said .
“ The second thing really is to do something about the economy and move to the center and worry about things that [ independents ] are worried about . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Asked by Cavuto if he would switch to the Republican Party if the GOP managed to take over the Senate in this year ’s elections , Lieberman did n’t rule the possibility out , saying that he has “ no idea . ”
“ That ’s a big hypothetical a long way from now , ” he said .
“ I was elected as an Independent but I remained a registered Democrat , so I ’m with the Democratic Caucus . ”
Lieberman also said that the close election polls in Massachusetts demonstrated that Americans are “ skeptical about this health care bill , ” a bill that Lieberman declared his support for just last month after a bitter feud over the public option that led to its removal from the final Senate bill .
Cavuto asked Lieberman about the possibility that GOP Senator George Voinovich ( R - Ohio ) might cast his vote on the bill with the Democrats , and Lieberman responded that it was unlikely , adding he would be “ shocked ” if the retiring Republican “ votes for health care reform anywhere near where it is now . ”
“ I think we ’re at a point where there are not — there ’s not a single Republican who really will vote for this bill as it is now or as it was moving to be in the conference committee , ” Lieberman said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Democratic Senator Evan Bayh echoed Lieberman ’s sentiments yesterday , telling ABC News , “ The only we are able to govern successfully in this country is by liberals and progressives making common cause with independents and moderates .
Whenever you have just the furthest left elements of the Dem party attempting to impose their will on the rest of the country — that ’s not going to work too well . ”
This video is from Fox News ’ America ’s Election Headquarters , broadcast Jan. 19 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Clones , Genes and Faustian Technology
by
In the wonderfully delirious second part of Goethe 's drama Faust , Mephistopheles and Faust enter the laboratory of Professor Wagner , who has just concocted in a glass retort a most unusual precipitate .
Mephistopheles asks what it is , and the researcher quickly responds : " A man is being made . "
The devil assumes it is in the usual fashion , done with " an amorous pair " tucked away somewhere .
But this modern man of science dismisses that suggestion : God forbid !
Though that was once the fashion , We think it now only a silly passion .
The tender point that gave rise to kin ,
The charming power that surged from within , Which got and begot with self - reflection , With near and far made close connection , All that 's now unworthy of our protection .
In the U.S. Congress , legislation has been proposed that would provide exactly the protection that Wagner thought unnecessary .
Indeed the legislation would make it a federal crime for any scientist to engage in human cloning -- that is , the creation of an embryo via insertion in a female egg of genetic material gotten from a somatic source , perhaps from the male , perhaps from the woman herself .
The outcome would be a genetic duplicate of the individual who furnished the genetic material .
Through such means one could have , as it were , an identical twin , without the aid of an amorous pair tucked away somewhere .
The current legislative debate over cloning really involves two questions : Can and should we allow cloning of embryos to derive materials for research and for possible therapies ( so - called therapeutic cloning ) ?
Can and should we allow cloning of embryos in order to create viable individuals ( so - called reproductive cloning ) ?
In the case of therapeutic cloning , embryos might be produced from the somatic cells of individuals who are suffering from some disease like Parkinson 's or Alzheimer 's , so that stem cells could be harvested and developed into just those kind of cells that have been killed in these diseases , thereby effecting a cure .
In the spring of 2002 , some 40 Nobel prize winners signed a document directed to Congress , stating that cloning research is essential , and that any bans on therapeutic cloning would , to quote the document , " impede progress against some of the most debilitating diseases known to man . "
In the Senate , Republican senator William Frist of Tennessee , a heart surgeon , said he would endorse a ban on such therapeutic cloning , and certainly on reproductive cloning .
Others in the Senate , however , wish to permit therapeutic cloning , and so will oppose the Frist legislation .
Yet , there seems to be no member of Congress ready to approve reproductive cloning , the kind dimly envisioned by Goethe in his drama .
Leon Kass , professor of social thought at the University of Chicago and head of the presidential commission charged with investigating these questions , put it in a direct way :
We are compelled to decide nothing less than whether human procreation is going to remain human , whether children are going to be made - to - order rather than begotten , and whether we wish to say yes in principle to the road that leads to the dehumanized hell of Brave New World .
It seems at least one member of the presidential commission has already made up his mind on the questions of investigation .
That dehumanized hell described by Aldous Huxley in his novel envisioned some sort of reproductive technology that would allow one to make babies , babies characterized by certain traits -- docility , stupidity , and contentment .
It was a hell arranged by a benevolent dictator who wished a quiescent populous .
Almost everyone seems to oppose reproductive cloning .
And even when the question is therapeutic cloning , the opposition to such procedures quickly slides to talk about the evils of reproductive cloning .
But I would like to ask the question :
What is morally inappropriate about reproductive cloning ?
There are several issues to discriminate in trying to answer this question .
First is the problem of the technology of the procedure .
A large variety of animals have now been cloned , so the technology is constantly being refined .
There are recent reports from China and the Middle East that the cloning of human embryos has already occurred .
The Chinese say the cloning is for therapeutic uses .
And indeed , we know in mice , cloning techniques have allowed researchers to harvest stem cells that have been used to replace missing kinds of cells in mice -- these techniques are the ones that would be used in therapeutic human cloning to effect a cure for some disease .
There is little doubt , I think , that quite soon researchers will have the ability to clone a human embryo with minimal difficulty -- and again , the Chinese , at least , seem to have already gotten a start doing this .
But even with animals that have been cloned , there are reports of problems with health and longevity .
It 's difficult to know exactly what the source of the problems might be : perhaps it 's some defect that the cloning technique itself had introduced into these animals ; perhaps it has something to do with the character of the somatic nuclei used .
Right now it 's unclear as to the extent of these problems and whether they can be overcome .
In the case of human therapeutic cloning , this might not prove too troubling , since the aim would not be to bring an embryo to full term , rather only to a very early stage of development ( perhaps only a few hundred cells ) , so that stem cells could be harvested .
In the case of reproductive cloning , the risks are quite real and the technological problems may be insoluble , at least in the foreseeable future .
One could certainly mount a moral objection to bringing a human being into existence who might suffer debilitating problems later on because of the technique of cloning itself .
Such moral objections could rightly be made a matter of legal policy , of prohibitory law .
But let us suppose that the technological problems have all been solved , that the technology of cloning could produce a healthy human embryo that would mature into a healthy human being .
Would it still be morally objectionable to allow such a procedure ?
It seems to me that this is the absolutely crucial question .
What are the considerations that might lead us to find reproduction through cloning morally objectionable ?
In a good Thomistic vein ( alumni of the University of Chicago may recall that characterization of " the Hutchins University " : the University of Chicago is where Protestant students are taught Catholic philosophy by Jewish professors ) one might object that reproductive cloning is unnatural .
This assumes , of course , that we have a clear idea of what is natural -- Mephistopheles certainly did , when he thought of the usual mode of reproduction .
But , of course , most all of our medical procedures are themselves unnatural : they do n't grow on trees .
Physicians generally intervene in quite natural processes of disease , injury , and the like -- in that respect , they try to thwart nature , and we would n't want it otherwise .
Moreover , there is no reason to assume that nature should dictate our moral values .
If she did , we would be stuck with some pretty cruel standards of morality .
Maybe it might be objected that if cloning became the standard way of reproducing , then genetic variability , the very stuff of evolution , would be reduced and the human race would suffer decline .
After all , each new child produced the old - fashioned way has a genetic mixture that is not identical to the parents , with traits that might prove favorable in a changing environment .
This kind of danger seems quite minimal .
Reproductive cloning will likely always be more expensive , painful , more fraught than the traditional way of reproduction , and simply not nearly as much fun .
There is thus little chance of the technique becoming widespread .
Hence the genetic variability of the human race will be preserved for eons , as far as one can tell .
Perhaps it might be objected that these reproductive procedures somehow demean our human nature .
This seems to be the objection that Leon Kass has .
To determine the degree to which our human nature might be demeaned by this technique or any other procedure envisioned by Aldous Huxley in his novel , Leon uses a quite subjective criterion -- that is , what evokes from us a feeling of repugnance .
Let us consider and then quickly dismiss the notion that feelings of repugnance might be a reliable moral guide .
I suspect right now Israelis and Palestinians feel overwhelming repugnance for each other and for the specific acts of each .
Things that at one time seemed repugnant -- for example , the thought of being vaccinated with cow pus ( or the equivalent of cow pus in today 's vaccination against small pox ) -- we've learned to tolerate .
Notoriously practiced killers feel little repugnance of their acts .
I must confess I myself have a deep feeling of repugnance when I go to a French restaurant and see someone eating escargot : I recall the snails I played with as a child .
Feelings of repugnance can hardly be recommended as a moral guide .
What about insults to human dignity ?
President Bush has declared , " As we seek to improve human life , we must always preserve human dignity ... and therefore , we must prevent human cloning by stopping it before it starts . "
President Bush had in mind cloning for both therapeutic and reproductive purposes .
What human dignity consists in is , I think , not so clear .
When techniques of in vitro fertilization were first broached , such claims about an insult to human dignity emerged .
In an article in the New Republic , Kass included in vitro fertilization with those procedures that he thought diminished human dignity .
Few others , I suppose , would find this technology in any way demeaning of human dignity .
Rather , one might regard it as an affirmation of human life .
The 40 Nobel scientists whom I mentioned before certainly do n't find therapeutic cloning damaging to human dignity , especially when such cloning might be used to cure undignified human diseases like Alzheimer's .
Perhaps , though , reproductive cloning , as opposed to therapeutic , might be an insult to human dignity , as vague as that standard is .
We do have that image from Aldous Huxley 's Brave New World , an image of the scientific production of human infants .
Huxley portrays a dystopia - - a totalitarian society that designs human beings and social arrangements to keep individuals pacified and mindlessly happy .
It 's a society , of course , that no one would want to live in .
This does n't mean , however , that just because some technology is used for disreputable ends , the technology itself is intrinsically evil .
But maybe it's the subsidiary end that Huxley describes that is morally offensive , that is , the notion that babies should be designed at all , that a baby 's character and traits should be chosen in advance .
There is a distinct sense , of course , in which , from time immemorial , a baby 's traits have been chosen by the parents in advance .
This occurred when the parents chose each other .
Evolutionary theorists , sociologists , and psychologists will likely tell you that when a partner is chosen , human beings always have an eye to what would make a good reproductive partner , a partner that will help create a healthy , vigorous child .
That is , we aim to design babies by reason of the choice of manufacturer , at it were .
What we deem as beauty in a partner are very likely signs of health and fertility -- for example , symmetrical features , clear skin , youth , signs of intelligence , and personality .
These would be the traits one would look for in offspring as well .
Not , of course , that potential mates completely consciously make such decisions -- but parents certainly know that their offspring are likely to inherit some combination of their own traits , and they choose mates with that as a consideration .
Many people find it appropriate to make decisions about abortion if one has knowledge of a defective fetus ; for many it seems perfectly morally acceptable to choose not to have a child who will manifest certain traits -- especially when these traits may be extremely debilitating .
And virtually no one believes that genetic counseling is inappropriate ultimately to achieve the same end , namely making sure that offspring will be healthy .
In this general sense , therefore , parents do design their children in advance .
If the technology of human cloning is successful , we can be fairly sure what traits an infant so produced would exhibit , namely those of the individual providing the genetic material .
But it 's not clear that something we might desire to do but can only do at the present time haphazardly -- when we chose a mate , for instance , with an eye to a healthy offspring -- becomes evil when done with more precision .
The fact that our designing intent can be more precisely achieved by cloning than by sexual reproduction would not in itself seem morally objectionable .
Perhaps the evil done in cloning arises from the psychological trauma that a child might face when he or she learns how the reproduction occurred .
This same kind of worry was present in the case of babies originally conceived in vitro .
But this seems not to be a serious psychological problem at all -- at least those children produced through in vitro fertilization seem to have adjusted well .
This might well be an important consideration in reproductive cloning , since it certainly does not seem at all similar to sexual reproduction .
Such danger , of course , will be a function of the way the parents and the rest of society regard such procedures .
If they think of reproductive cloning as an abomination , then children would likely have a hard time with it -- though , again , the in vitro fertilization cases would suggest these problems can be overcome .
The fear is always voiced that some egotist will simply want to duplicate himself or herself .
But this motivation is not unknown to parents now ( which is not necessarily to endorse that motivation ) .
Yet evolution does seem to instill in us the desire to make copies of ourselves .
This is , as it were , the grand design of evolution .
This might also be regarded as the grand design of graduate school .
While we 're considering some of the potential objections to reproductive cloning , we ought to consider what value might be claimed for the procedure .
There will be some cases of infertility when cloning would seem appropriate .
If either partner is sterile , the technique now is to use a surrogate .
This means that the offspring will have some of the genetic characteristics of an individual other than the sterile partner -- foreign genes will be introduced .
A male , for instance , might well prefer an offspring that was very much like the female ; and vice versa .
The offspring , say in the case of the cloning of the female , would not be identical to the mother , no more than identical twins would be really identical -- they have separate consciousness and personalities and body differences , due to phenotypic plasticity .
Indeed , it would be likely that the offspring would be rather unlike the mother , since the child would be raised in very different circumstances from the mother .
Perhaps single individuals might wish to have children who are genetically related to them .
Certainly right now , I know of women who have decided to have a child but have done so through artificial insemination .
But this does mean having a child whose genetic background might be unknown .
I can well imagine some individuals who would prefer to be more certain , and simply to become more certain by duplicating their own genetic structure .
I 'm not sure there is anything wrong with that .
When a young child dies , the parents may or may not be in a position to reproduce in the normal way .
One can imagine that such parents -- or perhaps a single parent -- may desire to reproduce , not the dead child , but a child who might be the identical twin .
Using cells from the very ill or just deceased child would enable that to occur .
I 'm hard - pressed to think of other situations in which a positive good might come of reproductive cloning ; perhaps you can .
On the other hand , there seem to be no reasons morally to oppose it , at least that I can see .
Thus I 'm not at all sure why we should feel morally opposed to it , or try to ban it by legislation .
Let me conclude simply .
Given the difficulties in reproductive cloning , it is quite doubtful that it would be generally undertaken , except for reasons of infertility , either because of some abnormality or because of the single state or to replace a child who has recently died .
The desire to have children , to nurture them , and help them develop seems like a positive good , regardless of the technique by which it is accomplished .
But in the end , I suspect that Professor Wagner 's way of doing things , or that of the modern geneticist , will always be less desirable than the usual way -- an amorous pair tucked away somewhere .
ABOUT THE AUTHOR | Robert J. Richards Robert J. Richards is a professor of history , philosophy and psychology and director of the Morris Fishbein Center for the History of Medicine and Science at the University of Chicago .
His research in history and philosophy of psychology and biology includes particular interest in evolutionary biopsychology , ethology , and sociobiology , as well as in theories of perception from the ancient period to the present day .
He has written two books on the history and philosophy of evolutionary theory in Britain and America , and is currently at work on the development of evolutionary theory in Germany during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
Richards holds a Ph.D. in philosophy from St. Louis University and a Ph.D. in the history of science from the University of Chicago .
ONE WORLD CURRENCY ON THE HORIZON ?
By Betty Freauf
December 17 , 2009
NewsWithViews.com
Who said last February that it was OK with them to produce a new currency to replace the dollar ?
None other than serial tax evader , our U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner and the guy that held his nose when the corporations to big to fail began receiving government bailouts , Federal Reserve chief , Ben Bernanke .
In a speech to the Greater Omaha Chamber of Commerce on February 6 , 2007 Bernanke warned that rising income inequality in the U.S. “ has been evident for at least three decades , if not longer . ” [ 1 ]
Gee , I wonder what caused that ?
Could it be the Federal Reserve printing money out of thin air causing inflation and the income disparity ?
And why did the Obama administration fail to invite the National Federation of Independent Businesses ( NFIB ) and the Chambers to the “ Jobs Summit ” table held early in December ?
National Black Chamber of Commerce president , Harry Alford , a guest on Glenn Beck on 12/9 told how unions with big government jobs that pay prevailing wages ( 40 % higher than non-government jobs ) discriminate by ignoring minorities for these jobs but instead they bring in workers from 60 - 70 miles away .
While he did n’t say it , it is common knowledge among union members that they will be reimbursed for food and lodging .
And then we learn there is a Federal Prison Industry that is giving 160 prisoners the “ green ” jobs in one city where 80 other people destined for those jobs were laid off .
It seems governments at all levels are producing the most jobs and have the most job security .
The Chamber used to appease the United Nations regional administrative government leaders and now the chamber seems to be unwelcome .
Those who say Appease , Appease are hung by those they tried to please .
Our Congress has become obsolete .
Former Georgia Governor and Congressman Zell Miller in his book , A National Party No More says Washington lawmakers have replaced dogs as best friends in favor of Special Interest Groups and campaign consultants .
He says the politicians are regularly petted and fed and they wag their tails and do tricks – the favorite one being “ Beg , ” but “ Lie Down , ” “ Stay . ” “ Speak ” and “ Roll Over ” are also favorites .
The Special Interest Groups have to keep their pets obedient and performing in order to distort issues they must keep alive in perpetuity in order to make their jobs seem necessary .
Our dictator ’s Executive Decrees and his czars in charge of all these unconstitutional U.N. administrative governmental agencies are in positions to regulate us to death at random and they now seem to be running our country .
Our votes are for cosmetic purposes only .
I ’m reminded we ’ve been taught the Civil War was fought to free the slaves but an ulterior motive of centralized government in Washington , D.C. was overlooked in our history books .
Our Founding Fathers clearly understood that only a citizenry educated in morality and willingly bound by the self - forced chains of virtue can remain free of the chains of tyranny .
Radio host Rush Limbaugh would ask , “ How is Obama ’s Hoax and Chains working for us ? ”
Current centralized government with no checks and balances is returning us to slavery .
And for all those “ birther ” debunkers , on June 27 , 2004 , the East African Standard Newspaper featured a headline that said : KENYAN - BORN OBAMA ALL SET FOR U.S. SENATE .
Obama , at the time , would have said , “ Only the president has to be a natural born citizen . ”
The February 26 , 1968 Dan Smoot Report says prior to the inauguration of Democrat Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1933 , the American dollar was fully redeemable .
Anyone could take paper money to a bank and exchange it for gold ( in coins or bars ) at the official rate of $ 20.67 an ounce .
( Current value of gold is approximately $ 1200 an ounce ) .
Shortly after taking office , Roosevelt , by Executive Decree , forbade the use of gold as currency , forcing Americans to sell their gold to the government , for paper money what could no longer be redeemed .
On January 30 , 1934 , Congress passed Roosevelt ’s Gold Reserve Act , officially abolishing our standard gold dollar , prohibiting further gold coinage , and forbidding Americans to use gold as currency and making it impossible for them to redeem paper dollars in gold .
Christopher Weber in his 1988 book “ … Good as Gold ” ?
How We Lost Our Gold Reserves and Destroyed the Dollar , said in 1950 , U.S. depositories held more gold than had ever been assembled in one place .
Throughout the 1950s and ‘ 60s , the U.S. government exchanged one ounce of gold for $ 35 – despite the fact that more dollars were being printed than our gold reserves warranted .
Advertisement
Then in 1971 Republican Richard Nixon closed the gold window by breaking the U.S. treaty commitment to redeem the dollar for gold internationally and in so doing he removed all constraints on the Federal Reserve ’s ability to inflate and the government ’s ability to pile up endless debts .
On August 15 , 1971 , the U.S. defaulted on its promise to pay gold for dollars .
It finally admitted that all the U.S. dollars in existence could not be exchanged for gold at $ 35 an ounce .
There were just too many dollars and too little gold .
This realization came too late , for by then 400 million ounces of gold – two - thirds of the nation ’s reserves - were gone and seriously damaged our economy .
At the same time Nixon also imposed price and wage controls and we ’ve seen prices go up more than 350 % since that day .
( I still have in my possession silver certificates from the 60s that were once redeemable in silver that is now at approximately $ 18 an ounce ) And Nixon , an enthusiastic supporter of the New World Order ” signed Executive Order 11647 on 2/10/1972 entered into the Federal Register on 2/12 that divided the U.S. into 10 regions , a step towards that New World Order ( One world government ) .
He staffed each of these ten Federal Regional Headquarters with the grant - making agencies of the Federal Government with the authority of allocating so - called Revenue Sharing “ free ” government money to local units of the government who would jump threw hoops for these freebies ; however , how could the federal government give these “ Grants ” when the Feds have been bankrupt for a long , long time ?
Dam Smoot writes the day following January 30 , 1934 , Roosevelt devalued the paper dollar ( the only time this has been done in American history ) by declaring the price of gold to be $ 35 an ounce .
This gave the government a windfall “ profit ” of $ 2.8 billion , and cheapened the people ’s money by 41 % .
Roosevelt had forced the people to sell at $ 20.67 an ounce .
He then raised an ounce of gold to $ 35 by the simple act of saying the Treasury would pay that much for gold .
Though it prevented Americans from redeeming paper dollars in gold , the Gold Reserve Act of 1934 provided foreign governments and central banking system could sell their paper money to the U.S. Treasury for gold .
Most of the monetary gold reserve was stored at Ft. Knox and it was at that point we began to see our gold reserves depleted .
And speaking about “ windfall profits , ” the certifiable nincompoop who currently holds the position two steps away from the White House , Democrat House Speaker Nancy Pelosi in April 2009 was proposing a windfall tax on retirement income .
In the book “ The Secret World of Money ” by Andrew Gause , he was asked , “ What would happen if the U.S. went into default on the interest payments on our national debt now totaling about $ 11 trillion but which does n’t take into consideration all the promised future entitlements which now could easily be over $ 100 trillion .
Perhaps at this time we should compare this disaster with what so many people who spent themselves into debt and have long been just one paycheck away from bankruptcy are now facing .
Their homes are what the industry calls “ under water ” meaning the equity in their homes has been borrowed to the hilt and then the housing market began to deteriorate and they now find themselves with a mortgage payment they can’t meet due to loss of a job and they owe more than their home is worth .
As a nation , are we in a similar predicament as these homeowners ?
Are their days numbered before they must face the shame of the bankruptcy court and attorney ’s fees because they tried to keep up with the Joneses who may also have been “ under water ” and drowning in debt ?
The bank will foreclose on the homes of these common folks who faithfully paid their taxes and the bank will try to salvage as much as they can from the home if they can sell it .
American is Insolvent .
But then there is the privileged class .
In March 2001 the TV news reported 5 % of the House of Representatives , 4 % of the U.S. Senate , 4.8 % in the Republican President George W. Bush ’s cabinet , 1.7 % of I.R.S. employees were delinquent and tax evaders .
While there are a “ few good men and / or women ” who serve us in Washington , D.C. , face it you common folks , the elitists in Washington , D.C. do not give a darn about you .
These greedy , totally incompetent lickspittles are the problem – not the solution .
On October 12 , 2009 , Bloomberg News Service reported the U.S. dollar had reached the breaking point because central banks were snubbing the dollar and replacing it with euros and yen .
So what if the U.S. goes bankrupt ?
Will that mean the end to our sovereignty ?
Will that mean our personal real estate being held as collateral will soon be owned by China ?
Did the Red Chinese flag that was raised over Washington , D.C. in September 2009 to commemorate the anniversary of the communist takeover of China by Chairman Mao sixty years ago send a message that “ we win , you lose ? ”
Did your paper like mine recently report in section Z a couple paragraphs about how North Korea revalued its currency known as “ won , ” at an exchange rate between old and new notes of 100 to 1 ?
Does this mean if the North Koreans had $ 100 “ won , ” they would now have “ one won ? ”
The currency reform understandably sparked panic among its citizens .
Is that coming to America ?
Are we heading for a universal currency or a cashless society ?
Some became concerned about the 666 System from Revelation when scanners were installed in stores but soon we went back to sleep and it became common place from President Jimmy Carter ’s new Secret Security Force patches that had “ 666 ” on them to the U.S. Treasury Department , Internal Revenue Service Alcohol Tobacco and firearms badges using “ 666 . ”
Some with medical problems had computer chips placed in their bodies for easy scanning by medical personnel .
Others put chips in their dogs in case they got lost .
Young people began to jump on the tattoo fad .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
These may be the best of times and the worst of times depending upon a person ’s relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ .
Other United Nations Regional administrative government agencies make the rules and they can do anything they wish .
Our Constitution is no longer applicable .
It ’s “ outmoded ! ”
It wo n’t protect us .
If we think the violence is bad now , we “ ai n ’t ” seen nothing yet should the Lord tarry .
Footnotes :
1- The Late Great U.S.A. by Jerome Corsi ( P. 182 )
The upcoming sequel to superhero comedy Hancock has been put on hold to allow Will Smith to spend more time with his family , according to director Peter Berg
The moviemaker recently confirmed Smith and his co-star Charlize Theron will both reprise their roles in a follow - up to the hit 2008 movie .
But Berg admits they have put plans for the second film back because the superstar actor is taking a break from movies to enjoy life with his wife , Jada , and help his son , Jayden , tackle a starring role in the new Karate Kid picture .
Berg is adamant Hancock 2 will get made , but it may take longer than first expected .
He tells The Latino Review , " It 's being written now and it's an issue of everybody involved in Hancock .
There are so many cooks in that particular kitchen that it 's so busy and Will has kind of taken time off to be with his kids and his kids are now making all kinds of films .
There are so many people involved in that , from Will to his ( business ) partner James Lassiter to Michael Mann , myself and to get us all in the same room just like this where we can all talk and then agree on anything , you 've never met a group of people that have a harder time agreeing on anything .
" It 's like the Israeli peace process times a thousand how tough it is to resolve .
I think it 'll happen though .
We just have to kind of get in the same room for some consistency . "
The price and convenience of energy sources are ultimately the keys to customer acceptance .
Homes can be heated with wood , heating oil , natural gas , or electricity .
Automobiles can be fueled with gasoline , ethanol , natural gas , diesel , electricity , and a wide variety of more unconventional fuels .
If consumers have a choice and the supply is convenient , they will tend toward the cheapest energy source they can get .
The price of energy has a very strong influence on the energy choices governments and individuals make .
I sometimes hear people ask " Why are we still building coal - fired power plants ? " or " Why do n't we replace more petroleum with biomass ? "
One reason is that biomass is generally more difficult to use from a logistical point of view .
Another is that there just is n't enough biomass to meet present energy demands .
But a major factor comes down to price .
Below I have compiled a list of current prices for some of the more common energy options on an energy equivalent basis - the British Thermal Unit ( BTU ) .
A BTU is simply the amount of heat energy it takes to raise the temperature of one pound of water by 1 degree Fahrenheit .
Everything has been converted into U.S. dollars per million BTU ( MMBTU ) .
The sources for the data are listed below .
Of course there can be very strong local variations that may change the ordering , but the ordering below is likely consistent across the majority of the U.S .
I have included the cost of electricity , although it is important to note that the efficiency of electric motors is higher than for internal combustion engines .
For comparison , I have also included the cost of the federal ethanol tax credit ( Volumetric Ethanol Excise Tax Credit ) , which is $ 0.45 per gallon of ethanol for 2010 .
Energy Prices per Million BTU
Coal - Powder River Basin 1 - $ 0.56
- $ 0.56 Coal - Northern Appalachia 1 - $ 2.08
- $ 2.08 Natural gas 2 - $ 5.69
- $ 5.69 Ethanol tax credit 3 - $ 5.92
- $ 5.92 Propane 4 - $ 13.28
- $ 13.28 Petroleum 5 - $ 13.43
- $ 13.43 # 2 Heating oil 4 - $ 14.74
- $ 14.74 Jet fuel 4 - $ 15.48
- $ 15.48 Diesel 4 - $ 15.59
- $ 15.59 Wood pellets 6 - $ 17.33
- $ 17.33 Gasoline 4 - $ 17.81
- $ 17.81 Corn ethanol 7 - $ 23.46
- $ 23.46 Electricity 8 - $ 26.31
- $ 26.31 Cellulosic ethanol from corn cobs9 - $ 30.92
Observations
The list above illustrates why wood pellets for home heating have not had the same sort of market acceptance as they have in Europe .
Wood pellets are much more expensive and generally less convenient to use than natural gas in North America .
It is n't difficult then to see why wood pellets have a difficult market in North America .
For people with access to natural gas , the lower price and convenience of natural gas is compelling .
In Europe , a combination of taxes and supply insecurity has resulted in high natural gas prices , so wood pellets are more competitive there .
The cost of the ethanol subsidy is interesting .
Taxpayers presently pay more for the subsidy than natural gas costs .
However , if you consider that the subsidy is on a per gallon basis - and a large fraction of that gallon of ethanol is fossil fuel - derived , the subsidy for the renewable component is higher .
For instance , consider an energy output of 1.5 BTUs of ethanol ( and by - products ) per BTU of fossil fuel input ( this is approximately where today 's corn ethanol plants operate ) .
In this case the renewable component per gallon is only 1 /3rd of a gallon ; the rest of the subsidy is essentially subsidizing the fossil fuel inputs .
( An energy return of 1.5 indicates that it took 1 BTU of fossil fuel to produce 1.5 BTUs of ethanol ; hence the renewable component of the ethanol in that case is 1/3rd ) .
That means that the subsidy on simply the renewable component is actually three times as high - $ 17.76 / MMBTU .
Also bear in mind that this is only the subsidy ; the consumer then has to pay $ 23.46 / MMBTU for the ethanol itself .
Of course there are many other considerations , and government subsidies can tilt the playing field toward or away from different options .
But if you ever wonder why those long railroad cars filled with coal are headed east from Wyoming , or why we tend to heat homes in North America with natural gas or heating oil , now you know .
Sources for Data
U.S. Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) , Coal News and Markets Report for the Week Ending 1/15/2010 . ( Link ) .
EIA , Natural Gas Futures Prices for 1/15/2010 . ( Link ) .
U.S. Department of Energy , Volumetric Ethanol Excise Tax Credit ( VEETC ) .
( Link ) .
EIA , Spot Prices for 1/15/2010 . ( Link ) .
EIA , World Crude Oil Prices , U.S. average price for 1/15/2010 . ( Link ) .
WoodPelletPrice.com , typical premium wood pellet prices in New England for premium hardwood pellets on 1/15/2010 .
( Link ) .
CME Group , Chicago Board of Trade Ethanol Futures for February 2010 Contract .
( Link ) .
EIA , Wholesale Day Ahead Prices at Selected Hubs for New England 12/31/09 . ( Link ) .
POET , POET Announces Cost Reductions in Cellulosic Ethanol .
( Link ) .
Conversion factors
UTStarcom , Bribery , and China https://www.futureofcapitalism.com/2010/01/utstarcom-bribery-and-china
In the long Goldman post , I wrote that the case for American companies to do business in Communist China is at least in part that American values — capitalism , rule of law — are imparted to the Chinese .
But I warned that there was a risk — not a certainty , but at least a risk — that some of the values flow back in the other direction and that instead of American companies exporting capitalism and the rule of law to China , China ends up exporting Communist - style state ownership , arbitrary government decision - making , and cronyism back to America .
Now comes the announcement of a settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission in which a California - based American telecommunications company , UTStarcom , agreed to pay $ 3 million in fines as a penalty for what the SEC characterizes as " millions of dollars on illegal bribes to win and keep customers in Asia . "
Says the SEC , " UTStarcom 's wholly - owned subsidiary in China paid nearly $ 7 million between 2002 and 2007 for hundreds of overseas trips by employees of Chinese government - controlled telecommunications companies that were customers of UTStarcom , purportedly to provide customer training .
In reality , the trips were entirely or primarily for sightseeing . "
Yikes .
If it amounts to bribery to pay for an overseas sightseeing trip , what does it say about our Congress , whose members regularly accept such trips ?
Sometimes , sad to say , it 's hard to tell if the Chinese are corrupting us or if we are corrupting the Chinese . by Editor | Jan 4 , 2010 at 10:10 am Related Topics : China , Goldman Sachs , Government ownership , SEC , Telecommunications receive the latest by email : subscribe to the free futureofcapitalism.com mailing list en Comment on this item
Over the last two years , the news media and Congress have brought attention to many deaths in the immigration detention system that appear to have involved substandard medical care or abuse .
But a trove of documents obtained over recent months by The New York Times and the American Civil Liberties Union sheds light on even more fatalities .
Among the most haunting cases to emerge from the files are deaths that were undisclosed at the time but foreshadow the later fatalities that galvanized public attention .
One example is the case of Miguel J. Rodriguez Gonzales , 43 , a longtime legal resident of California who was detained for immigration violations on Feb. 22 , 2006 .
He had end - stage renal disease , diabetes and chronic heart failure , and was receiving dialysis at a hospital three times a week .
Records show that Mr. Rodriguez fell at least five times during his first 10 days in detention and reported “ intense pain all over . ”
By March he was unable to shower by himself , and “ for hygiene issues ” he was sent to a disciplinary isolation cell .
Soon he had to be taken to the clinic in a wheelchair because he was unable to walk .
AfPak – Just Another Example of War Racketeering
A little while back I already read a very informative article that sheds some light on the US military situation and the war racket that of course continues under the Obama administration .
I hope it will help the reader understand why I believe that the US military policy under our current administration is even more destructive than it already was .
I will first cite some important passages that stood out to me :
Now that the much despised George W. Bush is out of the way and a more popular figurehead is doing PR for Dick Cheney ’s right - hand military leader Gen.
Stanley McChrystal , who is leading his second AF - Pak surge now , and with long time Bush family confidant Robert Gates still running the Defense Department , the masters of war have never had it so good .
Obama has now escalated deployments in the Af - Pak region to 98,000 US troops .
So in Af - Pak and Iraq , he will now have a total of 222,000 US troops deployed , 36,000 more than Bush ever had – 186,000 was Bush ’s highest total .
The amount of private military contractors deployed in Iraq and Afghanistan is rarely reported on in the US mainstream press , but a Congressional Research Service investigation into this revealed that a record high 69 % active duty soldiers are in fact private mercenaries .
Although the administration is yet to disclose how many private mercenaries will be deployed in the latest surge , it is believed that the 69 % ratio will remain in tact .
The Pentagon released a report showing that Obama already had a total of 242,657 private contractors in action , as of June 30th .
119,706 of them in Iraq , 73,968 in Afghanistan , with 50,061 active in “ other US CENTCOM locations . ”
Back in June , Jeremy Scahill reported on these findings : “ According to new statistics released by the Pentagon , with Barack Obama as commander in chief , there has been a 23 % increase in the number of ‘ Private Security Contractors ’ working for the Department of Defense in Iraq in the second quarter of 2009 and a 29 % increase in Afghanistan … . ”
Plus , we must mention , the immense dangers of having private military contractors as 69 % of our fighting force .
For those of you unaware , private military contractors are hired from all over the world .
Any former soldier , from any country , is welcome to come and fight for a salary – a salary that is often significantly more than what we pay our own US soldiers .
These mercenaries have a vested interest in prolonging the war , for as long as there is a war , they have a well paying job .
So it is easy to infer that a significant percentage of these contractors will not have the US soldiers , or US taxpayers , best interests at heart .
Obama continues to feed this out of control private army by pouring billions of taxpayer dollars into shady and scandalous companies like Blackwater , who recently changed their name to Xe Services , because they destroyed their reputation by committing numerous war crimes in Iraq .
A recent investigation by Jeremy Scahill revealed the extent to which Blackwater is involved in covert operations inside Afghanistan and Pakistan .
In some cases , Blackwater is not working for the US , but were hired by covert elements inside Pakistan .
When it comes to private contractors , the fog of war grows ominous , exactly who is fighting for whom is unclear .
The crucial factor is who paid them the most that particular day .
I found that bold part quite staggering .
It should n’t surprise one , but it was simply something I had n’t thought through yet .
Just imagine a scenario like this :
The US military hires Blackwater mercenaries for a surge , but at the same time some other Blackwater sales person may have closed a deal with some Pakistani resistance group .
Do you realize what motives are involved here ?
Before this latest surge , there were over 123,000 US and NATO troops in the Af - Pak region , and 200,000 Afghan security forces , supporting the US effort .
According to US intelligence sources the total number of Taliban and al - Qaida fighters in the region was estimated to only be about 25,000 , giving the US led forces a minimum of a 12 to 1 troop advantage .
Speaking of fueling hatred toward the US , other than a huge troop increase , there has also been a sharp increase in the use of unmanned drones .
The New Yorker reports : “ According to a just completed study by the New America Foundation , the number of drone strikes has risen dramatically since Obama became President .
During his first nine and a half months in office , he has authorized as many C.I.A. aerial attacks in Pakistan as George W. Bush did in his final three years in office . ”
The unmanned drones have caused major controversy due to the high number of civilian causalities they cause .
However , as the study stated , the Obama Administration continues to increasingly rely upon them .
So summing up these statistics , we have the most fierce and technologically advanced military force in history , vastly outnumbering what amounts to be a ragtag army of peasant farmers with guns , and our best option is supposed to be an increase in troop levels ?
US soldier suicides are also on the rise .
In 2008 , 197 army soldiers committed suicide .
Thus far in 2009 , there have been 211 army suicides .
What we are witnessing here with such high enlistment levels during this economic crisis has many parallels to Germany in the 1930’s .
Just like the United States now , the German economy in the 1930 ’s was devastated by an economic crisis brought on by Wall Street .
With rising unemployment and poverty , German men turned to the military for income and health benefits that their family severely needed .
With over 25 million US citizens unemployed and underemployed , over 50 million with no healthcare , and over 50 million living in poverty , military service is now a last resort for a growing number of desperate Americans as well .
The record - breaking enlistment numbers are expected to continue to rise as the economy continues to decline .
According to these calculations , 30,000 troops for this latest surge will add an additional $ 30 billion to the annual budget , just in troop related costs .
Also consider the price of moving fuel around , AFP reports : “ Moving soldiers and supplies across the rugged Afghan landscape costs more than in Iraq , with the military consuming 83 liters or 22 gallons of fuel per soldier per day . ”
The Hill adds : “ Pentagon officials have told the House Appropriations Defense Subcommittee a gallon of fuel costs the military about $ 400 by the time it arrives in the remote locations in Afghanistan where U.S. troops operate . ”
There was public outcry when Bush drastically raised an already bloated military budget to record highs .
But in comes the admired anti-war candidate Obama , in the middle of a severe economic crisis , and what happens ?
Obama drastically increased Bush ’s record budget to $ 651 billion in 2009 .
Yes , during a severe economic crisis , Obama actually increased Bush ’s budget .
US military spending is higher than the rest of the world combined .
The 2010 budget , which does n’t account for war - related spending yet , is already set to grow to $ 680 billion .
However , these budget numbers are deceiving because the Obama Administration has been getting better at hiding extra spending in other budget items .
The actual total 2009 budget was over $ 1 trillion .
The article goes on listing many more wasteful projects and operations that all have but one objective :
To pillage the public purse , to loot the taxpayers by as much as possible .
I really recommend reading it in its entirety .
One philosophical fact that I do want to point out in regards to this :
People need to understand what lies at the root of such gigantic excesses of madness .
You can cry and complain and wag your finger all you want , but it ’s all worth zero if you do n’t consistently oppose the root of all evil : taxation and with it the government .
( And before writing me and complaining about my terribly blind trust in the market and my ideological opposition to government , please do me a favor : Read precisely what I am writing .
Inform yourself about the facts and concepts involved .
I always reference as many terms and concepts as possible to other parts in my blog where I define things in more detail .
Think things through carefully before you talk !
This stuff is way too important to have it be subject to arbitrary statements of fuzzy logic . )
War – The Perpetual Government Racket
It sometimes amazes me how people can fail to get this point :
In a society with limited to no government it would be completely impossible to wage such wars .
A free market would rule it out from the outset .
No private business would embark upon the venture of war .
Why ?
Because it is way to expensive !
It is a losing proposition , a bankrupt business from the get go , a terribly unprofitable undertaking .
Any business plan that would have recommended the invasion of Iraq would have been torn apart by prospect investors .
Why is this the case ?
Because private investors voluntarily decide whether or not they want to contribute money to a project .
And they will only do so if it is profitable and feasible .
Who in his right mind would commit to paying $ 2 trillion over several years without ANY profit whatsoever accruing to him .
( This is not to say that all considerations on a voluntary market are ones of financial profitability .
But when it comes to bombing the hell out of villages with poorly armed peasants in tents , I think I can safely assume that the psychic reward one can reap from contributing to such an effort is rather negligible to say the least and can thus be ignored for the sake of this discussion . )
Now I can already hear the braindead among us crying : “ But do n’t you see ??
It IS all private !
Halliburton , KBR , Blackwater all lobbied to fight these wars and they ARE making a profit !! ”
Yes of course they are !
But they are not INVESTING anything .
They are on the opposite side , the cost side , the receiving end of the racket .
They benefit the more the investors in this venture lose .
My point is that no voluntary investor would fund this project to begin with .
So how is it possible that they managed to raise money for this insanity ?
Because the investor in this war is you , the taxpayer .
And you have not been asked whether or not you are willing to pay this money .
And even if you think you were through voting :
No , you were n’t .
Did anyone give you this choice : “ If you would like us to send hitmen in green costumes and helmets over to a country that has never attacked or threatened us , kill those people who will obviously rise up in opposition , and on top of that kill around 1,000,000 innocent men , women and children via the help of clusterbombs and other new devices that we are planning on testing out , please mail a check over $ 10,000 , made out to the Department of Defense .
If you do n’t , someone may launch a scud missle from the middle east that may hit your house .
We realize the likelihood for this is slim or none , but you do n’t want to take any chances , now do you ? ”
You have no idea how this venture operates .
You have no clue what is happening with your money .
You have no clue what you are actually getting out of it .
For a simple reason :
There is NOTHING you are getting out of it .
Quite the contrary :
You are getting more and more terrorist organizations popping up left and right .
The best example was “ Al - Qaeda in Iraq ” which was formed after , not before the invasion .
And this is merely one simple example .
Anyone ignoring these facts is either blind or deliberately chooses to due to emotional / professional attachment .
( But let ’s , for a second , take aside ALL the points I raised above .
Let ’s assume some private investor devises a war venture that indeed somehow turns out to be profitable .
Maybe because there is a ridiculous amount of resources all concentrated at one spot and those resources are 1000 x more powerful than oil and the people who occupy it are truly hated by virtually every person in the surrounding areas and the entire rest of the world .
On top of that we will have to assume that it will be financially more feasible to launch an aggressive operation and take over the existing machinery , train people on them , etc. than to do something as simple as offering to buy out the existing operation , or even just sign a vendor contract and buy the resources on an ongoing basis …
Do n’t you think the investor would still think things through a lot more clearly for his , albeit evil , venture ?
Do n’t you think he will try and expend as little money as possible on drones , tanks , helicopters , mercenaries , etc . ?
Do n’t you think we will do everything humanly possible to not upset neutral residents in the surrounding areas so he does n’t have to face ongoing insurgencies , wounded fighters , ongoing health care commitments that he ’d have to pay for himself ??
But for the sake of the opposing argument , let ’s even assume he does n’t get THAT part .
And he indeed starts spending incredible amounts of money invested , trillions of dollars that would even bankrupt the richest men in the world many times .
Let ’s say now he has entirely pissed off everyone in the area and faces massive insurgencies , do you think ANYONE will lend him more money to CONTINUE this venture ??
What if he incorporated as a publicly traded company to bring on multiple investors ?
Do n’t you think this business ’s stock would drop to zero in no time at all and force it through bankruptcy , turn its bonds into junk bonds , and dry up all access to capital markets ?
Do you see how diametrically opposed his mindset will have to be when compared to a taxing government that is naturally being lobbied by people who will inevitably benefit from ongoing and higher expenses of the tax loot ?
So even IF war was possible in a free market , it would not remotely measure up to the monstrosities we see under interventionist markets , or at the very least not continue for years and years to come . )
The issue is always and everywhere the same :
War is a racket , made by government .
It happens to be the most monstrous and destructive racket to have ever existed .
It is one that the Enrons , Worldcoms , and Madoffs of this world would bow down before in awe and admiration .
So long as you support the concepts of taxation , so long as you believe in the concept of a government and the system of interventionism , so long as you think that YOUR candidate will be different once in office , you can talk all you want about the evils of this world , you can wag your finger , cry out , protest , complain about this or that inevitable outcome .
But you wo n’t accomplish a darn thing .
You will be wasting your adrenaline and brain cells , and , ironically , in the very process you will be doing precisely what the biggest racketeers of this world want you to do :
You remain a part of the machine .
Related Posts :
GM recalls 22,000 Corvettes
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- General Motors is recalling some 22,000 Chevrolet Corvettes , because of potentially leaky roofs , National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said Wednesday .
The recall includes 2005 - 2007 model year Corvettes with removable roofs and 2006 - 2007 Corvette Z06s , according to GM .
Digg
Buzz Up !
Email
Print
GM 's recall includes 2005 - 2007 model year Corvettes with removable roofs and 2006 - 2007 Corvette Z06s .
A problem with the adhesive between the roof panel and the frame could cause them to pull apart , the agency said .
" If there is a complete separation , the roof panel may detach from the vehicle , " according to the NHTSA .
" If this were to occur while the vehicle was being driven , it could strike a following vehicle and cause injury and / or property damage . "
Dealers will install a new design roof panel free of charge to correct the problem , NHTSA said in its recall notice .
The safety recall is expected to begin next month .
Owners are being told Chevrolet at 1-800-630-2438 or at www.gmownercenter.com.
This luxury residence with view on the Pacific Ocean was designed by the Tokyo based Mount Fuji Architects Studio .
It is composed of two volumes which are built at right angles to one another .
Here is what the architects explain :
“ The site locates on mountainside of Izu-san , where Pacific Ocean can be looked down on the south .
The untouched wilderness , covered with deciduous broad - leaved trees such as cherry trees and Japanese oaks , gives little level ground .
But we saw faint glimmer of architectural possibility along the ridge .
The architecture would be used as villa for weekends .
I did n’t want to just form the undulating landscape dotted with great trees as normal , nor design an elaborate architecture bowing down to the complex topography .
What sprang to my mind is a blueprint for an architecture which is perfectly autonomous itself , at the same time seems to emerge as an underlying shape that the natural environment has been hiding .
It ’s abstraction of nature , to say . ”
“ The architecture was realized by crossing two rectangular parallelepipeds at very right angles .
The lower one contains private rooms and bathroom , and sticks half of the body out to existing narrow level ground .
The upper one incorporates salon and kitchen , and lies astride the lower one and the mountain ridge .
It almost seems like an off - centered cross pinned carefully on natural terrain .
One axis of the cross stretches toward the Pacific Ocean on south , and the other , the forest of Japanese oak and some white birch on west .
The rooms in the lower structure and terrace on it enjoy broad vista of the sea and blue sky .
And gentle shade of natural forest embraces the space in the upper one .
Water - polished white marble ( cami # 120 ) was chosen as interior finishing material .
It glows softly like Greece sculptures to blend blue light from the south and green light from the west gradationally , thus creates delicate continuous landscape of light which suggests the character and usage of the space .
Exterior is also finished with white marble .
The surface get smoother as it approaches to the southern / western end till it takes mirror gloss ( cami # 1000 ) at the ends .
The southern end of white cross melts into the blue of sky and sea , and the eastern end to the green of forest .
Abstraction is nothing to conflict with nature here .
Carved out of nature , it never stops being a part of nature itself , however highly abstracted .
Never relativizes the nature with its foreignness , nor generate contradiction to settle for being “ artificial nature ” by giving up being abstract and mimicking the nature .
The abstraction inspired by Mother Nature defines the nature itself , and still , stays natural .
That ’s what I wanted from this abstraction and architecture . ”
to the Mount Fuji Architects Studio website
more architecture and design projects @ Architonic
As we saw at CES 2010 , IPTV is going to become real in a very big way this year .
Boxee has been one of the big players in this space for quite some time and today the company is announcing a move that will offer users and content partners more options and flexibility : Boxee Payments .
Boxee plans on releasing a Payment Platform this summer so that users can make purchases with one click of the remote .
This will allow content partners to offer shows , movies and channels that were previously unavailable on Boxee .
Partners can price and package content however they want , whether it 's pay - per- view or subscription .
The details are still being worked out , but Boxee will charge a small fee for the transactions ( the plan is to charge less than the 30 % that many other app stores and content ecosystems charge ) .
By doing this , Boxee is , in their words , " [ tying ] our success as a business to the success of our partners . "
Having micro-payments built into Boxee has huge implications for the platform as a whole .
Right now , the only downside of a system like Boxee is that although more and more partners are signing up to offer content through the service or offer an enhanced experience , when it comes to getting movies or TV shows that are accessible through platforms like iTunes or VUDU or CinemaNow , users are out of luck .
This gives Boxee as a platform the opportunity to offer those enhanced options .
I 've long wanted to see one of my favorite streaming content services The Auteurs on Boxee , because it 's really just a beautiful fit .
The Auteurs streams premium film content from partners like The Criterion Collection to users at an affordable price .
With a Payment Platform , stuff like The Auteurs could be accessible on your Boxee Box or HTPC , as well as on your laptop or desktop computer .
Make no mistake , subscription content plans that are aimed at IPTVs are coming .
Apple might not have hit Apple TV out of the park , but the idea of being able to buy or rent content on your TV that you can also watch on your Mac or PC ( or even iPhone or iPod ) is compelling .
Boxee is legitimizing itself in a sense by making it clear that it wants to play in this space .
The convergence of media options is upon us , and it will be fascinating to see how content providers , content platforms and consumers respond and react to these changes .
How the Iranian uprising has transformed Shiism .
The Green Movement is a revolt against theocracy .
Most of its adherents are young Iranians with little or no religious motivation .
Yet , an iconic figure of the revolt was the nation ’s highest - ranking cleric , Grand Ayatollah Hussein Ali Montazeri ; and , last month , Ashura , a holy day celebrating martyrdom , occasioned some of the movement ’s most massive protests .
Perhaps the fact that the movement has acquired a Shia veneer should n’t be terribly surprising .
During the past century , no social movement in Iran has succeeded without draping itself in religion or without a strong Shia contingent in its leadership .
But to limit the discussion of the Green Movement ’s religiosity to rhetoric and political maneuverings is to diminish the significance of the happening .
The Green Movement ( and the Ayatollah Khamenei ’s clumsy response to it ) has exacerbated a split with Shiism .
It has accelerated the development of profound and potentially far - reaching doctrinal innovations .
The course of the coming months will determine the extent to which these innovations will transform Shiism and Iran .
You will know some of the names of the most prominent clerics who have been identified with the Green Movement : Montazeri , Rafsanjani , Karroubi .
But there are other ayatollahs and theologians supporting the Greens -- Yousef Sanei , Abdolkarim Soroush , Yousefi Eshkevari -- who have developed a significant body of theology .
Much of this work began before the recent political upheaval , but there ’s no doubt that the upheaval has given this group wider sway and further radicalized its thinking .
To varying degrees , thinkers and theologians identified with the democratic movement have been offering a new reading of Shiism that makes the faith more amenable to democracy and secularism .
The most significant innovation — found in essays , sermons , books , and even fatwas — is the acceptance of the separation of mosque and state , the idea that religion must be limited to the private domain .
Some of these thinkers refuse to afford any privileged position to the clergy ’s reading and rendition of Shiism - - a radical democratization of the faith .
And others , like Akbar Ganji and Mostafa Malekian , have gone so far as to deny the divine origins of Koran , arguing that it is nothing but a historically specific and socially marked interpretation of a divine message by the prophet .
The most daring are even opting for a historicized Muhammad , searching for the first time in Shia history for a real , not hagiographic , narrative of his life .
< Click on chart for larger image >
Comment
We believe the proposal of this new tool signals the Federal Reserve is still flailing around trying to look busy so everyone is assured they have a plan .
The fact is they have no plan and are still throwing everything on the wall to see what sticks .
From the November 4 FOMC minutes : Participants expressed a range of views about how the Committee might use its various tools in combination to foster most effectively its dual objectives of maximum employment and price stability .
As part of the Committee ’s strategy for eventual exit from the period of extraordinary policy accommodation , several participants thought that asset sales could be a useful tool to reduce the size of the Federal Reserve ’s balance sheet and lower the level of reserve balances , either prior to or concurrently with increasing the policy rate .
In their view , such sales would help reinforce the effectiveness of paying interest on excess reserves as an instrument for firming policy at the appropriate time and would help quicken the restoration of a balance sheet composition in which Treasury securities were the predominant asset .
Furthermore , they believed that other reserve management tools such as reverse RPs andwould likely be sufficient to implement an appropriate exit strategy and that assets could be allowed to run off over time , reflecting prepayments and the maturation of issues .
Participants agreed to continue to evaluate various potential policy - implementation tools and the possible combinations and sequences in which they might be used .
They also agreed that it would be important to develop communication approaches for clearly explaining to the public the use of these tools and the Committee ’s exit strategy more broadly .
The Federal Reserve first hinted at term deposits almost two months ago , although exactly what they were talking about was left vague until now .
Remember that the Federal Reserve has to withdraw over a trillion dollars of excess liquidity .
The easiest way to do this is to sell hundreds of billions of MBS , Treasuries and agencies .
As the bold highlighted passage above implies , they are scared to death of doing this , so they propose complicated schemes to withdraw liquidity like reverse repos and now term deposits .
We have argued that these schemes will not work .
They can not be done in the sizes necessary or enough to even matter .
The Federal Reserve could possibly drain tens of billions of dollars via these schemes , but collectively that will amount to a rounding error when the goal is to withdraw over a trillion in excess reserves .
The Federal Reserve does not want to admit defeat , so they continue pursuing these strategies that will not make a difference .
We believe they also do it to “ look busy ” as they are taking measurements and notes as to how to withdraw all the liquidity they have pumped in .
They think this will give the market comfort that someone is on the case and that inflation expectations will not get out of control .
As the TIPS breakeven chart in the block above shows , the market is not buying this .
Inflation expectations are going vertical .
Reinvestment Risk
As to term deposits , the Federal Reserve is proposing an illiquid short term instrument for banks to invest in .
Banks would buy these instruments and “ lock up ” the excess reserves they now have .
This would have the same effect as draining excess reverses .
The maturities of these instruments would be as long as one year .
It is unclear if there will be a secondary market for these instruments , and if so , how liquid it will be .
Without a secondary market , buyers of these instruments face huge reinvestment risk .
The future course of short term interest rates is arguably to the most uncertain it has been in decades .
Will the Federal Reserve stay near zero until 2012 or will they be forced to raise rates in the first half of 2010 ?
Given all this uncertainty , who wants to lock up money in something that cannot be sold before maturity ?
This is especially true given the Federal Reserve ’s statement that the “ maximum - allowable rate for each auction of term deposits would be no higher than the general level of short - term interest rates . ”
The general level of short - term interest rates is set on known instruments that have generations of history and active secondary markets .
If the Federal Reserve wants to introduce a new , and wholly unknown instrument with an uncertain secondary market and offer no interest rate premium , then we cannot see how this will work beyond a token amount after some arm twisting to get them sold .
The Federal Reserve will have to offer a premium for uncertainty and illiquidy to make this fly in any major way , something they said they will not do .
Complicated Is Simple
The Federal Reserve owns 80 % of AIG .
With each passing day it looks like the Federal Reserve is adopting AIG Financial Product ’s business practices .
That is , when faced with a financial problem , they create complicated tools ( like CDS ) .
When critics says these new products will not work , tell them they do not know what they are talking about and create even more complicated tools to dazzle everyone .
Once the tools are so complicated that no one understands them , you will be hailed as an expert with no peer .
You might even be named TIME ’s Person of the Year .
Mark Hughes 's future at Manchester City has entered a critical period as he battles to convince the club 's owners over the next few weeks that he remains the manager to realise their long - term vision .
The City manager is again under scrutiny following Wednesday night 's meagre offering at Tottenham Hotspur , where a 3 - 0 defeat to fellow Champions League hopefuls left the club languishing eighth in the Premier League .
This comes amid reports that the former Chelsea manager Guus Hiddink has been approached by City 's chief executive , Garry Cook , about taking over in the summer .
Hiddink 's agent , Cees van Nieuwen - huizen , told the Daily Telegraph : " He [ Cook ] asked me if it would be worthwhile having a meeting to discuss the future and what might happen next summer .
But I told him Guus was contracted to Russia . "
City have now won one , lost one and drawn eight of their last 10 league matches and despite receiving unequivocal support from the chairman , Khaldoon al - Mubarak , and the club hierarchy in the past , Hughes is under renewed pressure to oversee an upturn before the January transfer window .
City face Sunderland , Stoke City and Wolverhampton in their final league fixtures of 2009 , a trip to Middlesbrough in the FA Cup third round on 2 January and then the Carling Cup semi-final with Manchester United .
The prospect of guiding the club to its first major final since 1981 can be presented as evidence of tangible progress by Hughes , who appeared to have revived City 's season only a fortnight ago with victories over Arsenal in the Carling Cup and Chelsea in the Premier League .
City 's owners , however , have higher ambitions for the season following an outlay of £ 118 m on new players last summer – notably a sustained challenge for Champions League qualification – despite their acknowledgment that there will be inevitable dips in the rebuilding process .
Hughes confirmed following the defeat at White Hart Lane that he intends to return to the transfer market in January and the next few games are seen as key to retaining the confidence – and financial support – of his employers in Abu Dhabi .
The performance against Spurs represented a severe setback to those aims , while Gareth Barry 's admission last night that the players were " at each other 's throats " in the dressing room afterwards would not have gone down well either .
" There is a minimum requirement in terms of work - rate and effort and we did n't have a platform to be able to get into people 's faces and close people down , " the City manager conceded .
" We do n't profess to be the finished article and that was shown .
We have a big game at the weekend and it is important we get back on track . "
The former Wales and Blackburn Rovers manager has overhauled City 's football operation since Sheikh Mansour bought the club in 2008 and there is reluctance among the owners to start anew .
Equally , they also want evidence that City can compete in one of the most open Premier League seasons for several years .
Hughes 's task has not been helped by untimely injuries to defenders , the latest being the knee problem that has sidelined Joleon Lescott for between six and eight weeks .
The England international underwent surgery in London on Wednesday to remove a piece of bone that came loose when he hyper - extended his knee during the 3 - 3 draw at Bolton Wanderers last Saturday .
Lescott joins Wayne Bridge in the treatment room , with the left - back also out for six weeks with a knee problem , and with Kolo Touré bound for the Africa Cup of Nations next month the City manager hopes to reinvest in January .
" We will see what 's out there , " said Hughes , who also has Nigel de Jong suspended for the match with Sunderland tomorrow .
West Ham United 's Matthew Upson and Neven Subotic of Borussia Dortmund are among the possible candidates for a new City central defender .
The Eastlands club have a game in hand on the four teams immediately above them in the Premier League and Barry , Hughes 's first expensive recruit for this season , admitted there is plenty of scope for improvement on the side 's showing at White Hart Lane .
" We are very disappointed and we are really hurting in the changing room and the lads were really at each other 's throats , " he said .
We found that many people who have an excuse for refusing to examine false flag evidence for 911 are open to this human interest story .
We 're going to continue bannering at grad schools of journalism ( 50 in US ) and independently owned US newspapers ( we need help getting this list ) .
Conference call Tuesday , September 22 , 2009 at 9 PM EDT / 6PM PDT at 712-775-7300 access code : 593930 # questions ?
davidslesinger@yahoo.com
Here 's the link to the Us journalism schools http://www.journalismschools.com/
Stargate MMO Developer Unveils Shooter ' Stargate Resistance , ' Talks Past Financial Problems
The class - based third - person shooter pits humans of Stargate Command against the alien System Lords in team deathmatch , ' Capture the Tech ' and domination modes , with persistent rankings and an overarching struggle to control the universe .
" I 'm sure it comes as no surprise to you that here at Firesky the last year has been a little rough , " says creative consultant Chris Klug in a Resistance developer diary .
" The fact I 'm here talking to you should tell you there 's a happy ending in sight . "
Cheyenne faced financial difficulties as its MMO ' Stargate Worlds ' missed its original release window of early 2009 , and was at one point rumoured to be late paying staff .
" We chose to remain quiet during those times , because , honestly , we often did n't know what our future was day - to - day , sometimes even hour - to - hour .
As a group we chose to not say anything until we knew something .
Moving forward , think of our relationship as one we need to re-build ; imagine this conversation is the first one we have over a cup of coffee in Starbucks where I ask you to give us a chance to restore what we had and enjoyed together .
Continue to stick with us .
I know you 'll enjoy the fast - paced action Resistance has in store for you while we continue to work towards SGW 's release .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Thousands of dead octopuses have washed up on a beach in northern Portugal , in what is being called an environmental disaster .
They cover a 5 - mile stretch of Vila Nova de Gaia beach - no reason has yet been found for their appearance .
The authorities have warned the public not to eat them .
Wow , this one ended up taking much longer than I expected .
It ’s not easy drawing that many people ( most of them with similarly - bored expressions ) .
Anyway , I liked this idea a lot and I ’m happy with the way it came out .
But I never want to draw another car again .
Except maybe the Blue Falcon , because that sucker is sleek .
Included in this strip ’s “ generic human characters ” are visual references to two of my favorite TV shows .
If you caught ’em both , good for you –if not , there are hints within their respective cars !
Last week , Matt Welch linked to a New York Times story about Mikey Hicks , an eight - year - old whose getting pulled aside for extra screening when he tries to fly , in spite of the Transportation Security Administration 's assertion on its website that there are no children on its watch or no -fly lists .
The next day over at the too - cute - by - half TSA blog , official TSA blogger Bob Burns weighed in .
Might keep in mind as you read that Burns is paid with your tax dollars .
It 's inevitable that every several months or so , some cute kid gets their mug posted on a major news publication with a headline reading something like : " Does this look like a terrorist to you ? "
Anything involving kids or cats gets tons of mileage and everybody starts tweeting and retweeting that there 's an 8 year old on the no fly list .
There are no children on the No Fly or Selectee lists .
What happens is the child 's name is a match or similar match to an actual individual on the No Fly or Selectee Watch List .
Mikey Hicks ' mother , Najlah Feanny Hicks , gave Burns a deserved dressing down in the comments ( you 'll need to scroll down , the comment hyperlinks on the TSA blog do n't seem to work ) .
Dear Mr. Burns , I am Mikey Hicks 's mother , the little boy featured in the news media reports this past week .
The one the TSA states in " not on a list " .
Instead of reaching out to our family , you chose to belittle the process by stating : " It 's inevitable that every several months or so , some cute kid gets their mug posted on a major news publication with a headline reading something like : " Does this look like a terrorist to you ? "
Anything involving kids or cats gets tons of mileage and everybody starts tweeting and retweeting that there 's an 8 year old on the no fly list . "
Would it have made a difference if we had an ugly kid compared to a " cute kid " ?
It would have been far more helpful had he reached out to our family and help us formulate a solution than belittle the effort .
I am insulted and appalled that a representative from the TSA would chose to make such a juvenile and insulting statement .
You could have easily left the above quote off and just shared the Redress process with everyone .
It has been made quite clear to our family from both Continental and US Airlines that our son is clearly on a TSA list and they have absolutely no power in which to remove him .
If you think it 's far more helpful to belittle the process rather than just giving people the information they need , then I think the TSA has far more serious issues than any of us imagine .
I look forward to getting our son off a list he 's supposedly not on .
Sincerely , Najlah Hicks
" Blogger Bob " apparently has at least a modicum of shame — he added in an update that he was n't referring to any specific child or family , though the timing makes it pretty clear that he was .
I 've known someone — though not a kid — who was regularly selected for extra screening .
It 's a pain in the ass .
If you check bags , you 're guaranteed to be screened .
You can't fly standby or check in curbside .
You have to plan trips around the possibility that you 're going to miss flights .
The airlines will tell you the higher scrutiny lists come from TSA .
They 'll insist there 's nothing they can do about it .
All you can do is write a letter requesting a review .
And now that a family whose kid's name somehow ended up on a list is getting some media attention , TSA condescendingly tells them it's the airlines ' fault .
As if that solves the family 's problem .
Of course , given the repercussions of them screwing up , there 's little incentive for the airlines to take names off the list or check to be sure people who share names with watch list suspects are n't getting needlessly hassled .
They 're going to err on the side of keeping the lists intact .
About the only way to pressure both the airlines and TSA is to generate publicity in cases that point out the flaws in the system .
Like this one .
Or , put another way , continue to make sure that " every several months or so , some cute kid gets their mug posted on a major news publication with a headline reading something like : ' Does this look like a terrorist to you ? ' "
That seems to be the only way they 'll even pay attention , even if it 's only to derisively mock the people their policies are hassling .
Sir Alex Ferguson was unhappy with the timekeeping of referee Martin Atkinson following the defeat to Aston Villa .
United chief rues missed opportunity
Missed opportunity
Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson was unhappy with the timekeeping of referee Martin Atkinson following the defeat to Aston Villa .
Ferguson 's troops fell to their first home defeat of the season as Gabriel Agbonlahor 's first - half header gave Villa a famous victory .
United chief Ferguson was irritated at the amount of time added on by Atkinson , who decided three minutes was enough for six substitutions and two lengthy injury stoppages , and the Scot has called for a change in how added time is worked out .
" The timing should be taken out of the referee 's hands , " bemoaned Ferguson .
" Those two stoppages took two minutes and 20 seconds , and then there were the substitutions on top of that .
That is disappointing .
" It is silly really .
We are nearly in 2010 .
A change should be made .
" Ferguson was also left to rue a missed opportunity to go level on points with Chelsea at the top of the table after Carlo Ancelotti's league leaders were held to a 3 - 3 draw by Everton earlier on Saturday .
" It is a missed opportunity , " Ferguson added .
" We created plenty of opportunities and we should have taken at least one .
" But this is not an easy league .
If you get there , you are going to be taken the distance .
" As I always say , if we are in touching distance on New Year 's Day we wo n't be far away . "
How Do They Make Potato Chips ?
is one of a series of short and snappy videos that reveal the mysteries behind everyday things .
Almost every child likes to eat potato chips and will love to learn how they 're made .
( Bet you can't watch this video just once ! )
A team of neurosurgeons at Heidelberg University Hospital and psychiatrists at the Central Institute of Mental Health , Mannheim have for the first time successfully treated a patient suffering from severe depression by stimulating the habenula , a tiny nerve structure in the brain .
The 64 - year - old woman , who had suffered from depression since age 18 , could not be helped by medication or electroconvulsive therapy .
Since the procedure , she is for the first time in years free of symptoms .
Scientific studies have shown that the habenula is hyperactive in depression , the idea was to downregulate this structure by deep brain stimulation .
The surgical procedure is based on a hypothesis of how the habenula is involved in depression that was first formulated by Dr. Alexander Sartorius , psychiatrist at the Central Institute for Mental Health ( CIMH ; Director : Professor Andreas Meyer - Lindenberg ; former Director CIMH Professor Fritz Henn , Brookhaven National Laboratory , New York ) .
The stereotactic procedure at the Neurosurgery Department of Heidelberg University Hospital ( Medical Director : Professor Andreas Unterberg ) was performed by Dr. Karl Kiening , head of stereotactic neurosurgery .
The concept of habenula stimulation and the case study were published in the leading scientific journal Biological Psychiatry .
A new treatment option for therapy - resistent depression
Depression is a common psychiatric illness ; some one third of patients do not respond to medication or psychotherapy .
Electroconvulsive therapy , used for such severe or treatment resistant cases , is also not always effective .
This was also the case for the Heidelberg / Mannheim patient , who never reached sustained remission after electroconvulsive therapy .
In deep brain stimulation , electrodes are inserted into the brain and are connected with wires under the skin to an electronic impulse generator implanted in the chest .
The electrodes emit current that continuously stimulates specific areas of the brain .
This therapy , also described as " brain pacemaker , " is already used successfully for patients suffering from Parkinson 's disease or other movement disorders .
Depressive patients have already been treated with electrostimulation with some success .
However , two other areas of the brain were stimulated , located in the forebrain or midbrain regions .
The habenula ( Latin for the diminutive of reins ) is located further downstream next to the brain stem .
" We decided to stimulate the habenula because it is involved is the control of three major neurotransmitter systems , which are known to be disturbed in depression , ' " explained psychiatrist Dr. Alexander Sartorius from the Central Institute of Mental Health .
The neurosurgical implantation of two electrodes demands utmost precision in planning and performance .
The target area is about half as large as the others that are typically targeted for movement disorders , and in addition , is located in the middle of the brain , i.e. in the wall of what is known as the ' third ventricle ' .
Implanting the electrodes in the two habenulae therefore requires the utmost precision that can currently be achieved with stereotactic instruments .
" The neurosurgery department at Heidelberg University Hospital is optimally equipped for demanding procedures such as this with among other things , the new intraoperative highfield MRI , " says Dr. Kiening .
Multicenter study on habenula stimulation in preparation
The success of the procedure was confirmed when the electrode was accidentally switched off : the patient had a bicycle accident which required surgery for which an ECG had to be made as preparation .
The brain pacemaker was switched off and was not reactivated for a few days , and the depression promptly returned .
A few weeks after reactivation , the patient completely recovered again .
The neurosurgeons in Heidelberg and the psychiatrists in Mannheim now want to build on this positive experience and are planning a clinical study in which the habenula stimulation is to be implemented for severely depressive patients at five psychiatric - neurosurgery centers in Germany .
" We aim to show that habenula stimulation has a better success rate than other target areas attempted for depression and that it is also safe to use , " says Dr. Sartorius , Coordinating Investigator of the proposed study .
Plan | Build | Grow | Manage
We can help you plan , build , grow , and manage your presence on the web .
With agencies and creative professionals , we provide integration and support services for custom XLsuite implementations .
For small to mid size business owners we can provide end to end management of your online presence .
Our services range from consulting to managing some or all of your communication channels .
Use our FREE QUOTE form to tell us about your business objectives .
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) -
In families with a history of child abuse , a mother ’s depression may increase the risk that she will act aggressively toward her child , a new study suggests .
A doll is seen in the backyard of the mobile home where three children and their mother were found hanged in Hudson Oaks , Texas May 29 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Jessica Rinaldi
The study , which followed 5,500 U.S. families investigated by child - welfare agencies , found that when a mother developed depression , the odds of her child suffering “ psychologically aggressive acts ” -- including threats or name - calling -- increased .
The findings do not prove that mothers ’ depression , per se , led to the children ’s abuse , the researchers report in the Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine .
However , they write , the study does support general recommendations that adults be screened by their doctors for both depression and spousal or partner abuse -- which is also linked to increased odds of child abuse .
For the study , Dr. Kerith J. Conron and colleagues at the Harvard School of Public Health used data from a national survey of 5,500 families who had been involved in child abuse investigations .
Mothers completed a standard measure of depression symptoms at the outset , and again 18 months and three years later .
They were also asked about any instances in which their child was abused over the past year -- including physical abuse , neglect and psychological aggression .
The researchers found that when mothers developed depression over the course of the study , incidents of threats , name - calling and other forms of psychological aggression against their children also increased -- by an average of two extra incidents per year .
Roughly one - quarter of the mothers were deemed to have major depression at each of the three surveys .
One - third of the women overall either a remission or onset of depression during the study period .
In other findings , mothers who reported an increase in abuse from a partner were also more likely to report an increase in physical abuse and neglect of their children .
In contrast , mothers who moved in with a non-abusive partner during the study generally reported a decrease in psychologically aggressive behavior toward their children .
It ’s possible , according to Conron ’s team , that having a supportive partner lessened some mothers ’ strain and , in turn , lowered the likelihood of child abuse .
It is not clear from the study data whether mothers ’ depression typically preceded the increases in aggressive behavior toward their children .
However , the researchers write , the findings still support recommendations from several medical groups that doctors routinely screen adults for both depression and intimate - partner violence .
Right now , the researchers note , there are no screening tests for parents that reliably catch cases of child abuse .
SOURCE : Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine , October 2009 .
Trigger Warning :
This post includes a graphic description of a scene in which domestic violence occurs .
I am somewhat amused at the fact that the only shows I write about these days are the ones that are pissing me off .
This episode continued the theme of depicting the women of Glee as manipulative , blackmailing , selfish , generally mean and awful people .
Pretty much across the board , including some slut shaming from Sue Sylvester ( but it ’s funny because we ’re supposed to read her character as bigoted , and was n’t it hilarious when she said all the uglies and fatties should say home , because of course no one actually thinks that way , so it ’s just funny , ha ha ha ) and some woman - on - woman hate , courtesy of Emma slagging on both Rachel and Terri .
Because nothing says sisterhood like cutting your sisters down , right ?
But there ’s one thing about this episode .
There ’s one , central thing which I found hugely upsetting .
And that ’s the thing that I want to write about today .
“ Mattress ” marked the Unmasking of the Deceptor ; finally , Will learned the truth about Terri ’s pregnancy .
And what happened ?
Did we have a touching scene in which she confessed that she was worried Will was going to leave her , and she thought she was pregnant and she panicked when the doctor said she was n’t ?
Did we have A Serious Conversation in which they talked about what was happening with their marriage ?
( Perhaps as a warning and sobering counterpoint to the doomed marriage Emma is about to embark upon . )
No , we did not .
We learned why Terri is so frightened of Will .
We learned , in fact , that Terri had good reason to be terrified of Will , and to be afraid of the consequences of confessing the truth about her pregnancy .
We had domestic violence .
We had Terri in the kitchen , cooking ( of course , that ’s where women should be , right ? ) and Will stormed in .
There was screaming .
Things were thrown .
Terri was backed in the counter , trapped , physically overpowered by Will .
He grabbed her wrist , quite harshly .
And screamed some more .
“ You ’re scaring me , ” she said , and Will kept right up with the violence .
The scene ends with Will , Righteous Deceived Will , storming out of the house .
“ Come back , ” Terri sobs .
This is a scene that plays out every day in households all over America .
And we ’re supposed to view Will as a sympathetic character ?
Evidently we are , because the rest of the episode featured him .
We never saw Terri again .
And everyone made sure to sympathize with poor Will and his tough family life , because of course Will did n’t mention the fact that he physically and verbally assaulted his wife .
I have no doubt that some Glee viewers glossed over that scene and had no problem with it , and that others may have thought that it was perfectly acceptable because Terri was a manipulative liar .
That Terri , in fact , deserved what she got , because Will ’s such a good guy .
A stand up , all - round , Nice Guy and how could his wife be so mean and evil and not appreciative ?
Glee , you have just crossed a line you cannot come back from .
I thought that line had already been crossed , but I was wrong .
The minute you depicted domestic violence and cast the abuser as the hero of the piece , you went irrevocably to a Dark Place .
There is no redemption from here ; I do n’t care how Will ’s character is being set up and how he is supposed to be read , in this episode , he was a Wronged Man and a Tragic Hero who assaulted his wife .
And the way in which it was framed did not , in any way shape or form , suggest that what Will did was wrong , or that he ’s a slimy skeezeball .
Nope .
He was lily white and innocent .
I ’ll leave you with this quote from Patrick Stewart ’s amazing piece in the Guardian :
She did not provoke my father , and even if she had , violence is an unacceptable way of dealing with conflict .
Violence is a choice a man makes and he alone is responsible for it .
ETA : I ’m closing comments on this post , because they are getting completely unproductive .
Sorry to folks who actually wanted to engage with the conversation !
Maybe I will reopen them at some point .
( Note to trolls : Comments here are moderated .
So , really , spare yourself the effort of finding another post to troll on because you ’re all riled up that you ca n’t comment here , because your comments wo n’t be published there either . )
Kathleen at MySistahs also wrote about this episode , and kindly sent me a link when she realized that comments were closed .
CLIMATEGATE : MELTING THE CHAINS OF TYRANNY
by Tom DeWeese
December 17 , 2009
NewsWithViews.com
Rarely has a political movement with so much power collapsed so fast , certainly not since the fall of the Berlin Wall .
Beginning in 1990 , Global Warming has been the battle cry behind schemes for global control of industry , energy use , water use , private property and community development .
It has been the excuse for economy - killing legislation like Cap and Trade ( that will extract $ 865 billion from an already overtaxed people who use energy ) , and global - to - local polices like Sustainable Development ( that robs local communities of freedom to decide their own future development ) .
As a result , the world economy is being transformed into a new Dark Ages of superstition and thought - control – all in the name of Global Warming – or more recently – Climate Change .
No stone has been left unturned in Global Warming zealotry and its drive to transform human civilization .
It seemed the juggernaut could not be stopped .
Proponents have controlled every branch of government , from federal to local .
They have created international policy , from the 1992 Global Climate Treaty , to the 1997 Kyoto Protocol , to the 15 annual meetings of the Climate Conference of the Parties ( COP ) with nearly 200 national delegations in attendance , and much more .
And of course , their fellow travelers in the media have deftly excluded any reports that may expose the Global Warming “ consensus . ” “ Indisputable . ” said Al Gore , as he won the Nobel Prize and the Oscar for his efforts to spread the gospel .
“ Go Green , ” said nearly every corporation and school classroom .
Barack Obama says firmly , “ The science is settled . ”
To enforce their agenda of top down control over the world economy based on Climate Change , the one factor they had to oversee with an iron hand was the science and how it was reported .
They were well aware that any crack in public confidence of that science could mark their doom .
The cracks began to show just over two years ago as Senator James Inhofe took over chairmanship of the Senate Environment Committee .
As he held hearings on the issue of Climate Change , for the first time those scientists whose research did n’t agree with official global reports were heard .
It caused a sensation .
Suddenly , the claims of consensus rang hollow .
There was disagreement .
There was debate .
Truth began to leak through the cracks .
Over the following year the debate intensified .
Those skeptical of the official findings of the UN ’s Inter - governmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) questioned the methods in which the conclusions were made that man was causing global warming and that temperatures were rising at an alarming rate .
The skeptical scientists asked for documentation to show how the conclusions were made .
They were not answered .
Meanwhile , the Global Warming proponents ramped up their attacks against anyone who dared question their statements .
Skeptics were labeled as heretics who dared defy the “ globally - acceptable truth ” of the high priests of global warming .
Some proponents actually called for “ Nuremberg - style trials ” of the skeptics , accusing them of endangering the entire planet simply for asking questions .
The attacks became official threats when , in October , 2006 , two U.S. Senators , Olympia Snowe ( R - Maine ) and Jay Rockefeller ( D - WV ) sent a letter to ExxonMobil Chairman Rex Tillerson .
The letter derided Exxon for helping to fund global warming “ deniers , ” ( a term the global warming proponents use frequently to try and draw a parallel with those who deny the Holocaust ) .
Said the letter , “ we are convinced that ExxonMobil ’s longstanding support of a small cadre of global climate change skeptics , and those skeptics ’ access to and influence on government policymakers , have made it increasingly difficult for the United States to demonstrate the moral clarity it needs across all facets of diplomacy . ”
The letter went on to say , “ ExxonMobil and its partners in denial have manufactured controversy , sown doubt , and impeded progress with strategies all - too reminiscent of those used by the tobacco industry for so many years . ”
The reference to the tobacco industry was a not - so - veiled threat that Exxon could face the crush of government regulation that could destroy their ability to sell their product .
But the intimidation did n’t stop there .
The letter continued , “ We recommend that ExxonMobil publicly acknowledge both the reality of climate change and the role of humans in causing or exacerbating it .
Second , ExxonMobil should repudiate its climate change denial campaign … ”
The only thing the Senators left out were the words , “ Science be damned . ”
Advertisement
The last time human kind was strapped into such a mental straight jacket was during the Inquisition of the Dark Ages .
The period was an era of ignorance , superstition , social chaos and repression .
Anyone caught questioning the doctrine or power of the church was labeled a heretic and found his or her way to the rack or into the middle of a fire while tied to a stake .
The church , of course , was practicing its own brand of “ globally - acceptable truth . ”
Still , the scientists came out against the global warming hysteria in ever - increasing numbers .
Harvard scholar and climate scientist Willie Soon put it best saying “ It ’s the Sun , stupid . ”
Dr. Mark Campbell , professor of chemistry at the U.S. Navel Academy in Annapolis recently wrote , “ The sky is not burning , and to claim that it is amounts to journalistic malpractice . ”
Said U.S. Government atmospheric scientist Stanley B , Goldenberg , “ It is a blatant lie put forth in the media that makes it seem there is only a fringe of scientists who do n’t buy into anthropogenic global warming . ”
In the past year , more than 700 scientists from around the world have expressed their doubts .
That ’s 12 times the number of UN IPCC global warming alarmists .
Top that with the fact that more than 34,000 American scientists have signed a petition saying there is no convincing scientific evidence that human release of carbon dioxide , methane , or other greenhouse gases is causing disruption of the Earth ’s climate .
To generally summarize the findings of those scientists who refuse to just go along with the Climate Change party line , their investigative research shows any warming actually stopped in 1999 .
And , in fact , they say the brief warming period we experienced in the past decade was completely natural , caused in part by storms on the sun , not CO2 emissions from SUVs .
The sun storms have ended , say scientists , and now a cooling period has begun .
However , in spite of the growing evidence showing that the earth is not heating up , CO2 is not a pollutant , and man has not destroyed the earth , the drive to enforce draconian legislation has moved forward like an unstoppable express train .
Cap and Trade passed the House of Representatives last fall and stands ready for approval any time in the Senate .
The “ Warm Mongers ” have a gala event planned in Copenhagen where they intend to use climate change as an excuse to enforce global government .
Local communities are enforcing legislation under Sustainable Development to control water use , land use , community development , even population control – again , all under the excuse of climate change ; as the “ go green ” mantra grows ever more shrill in the complying media and in corporate advertising .
Unstoppable ?
Well , not so fast .
Something interesting has happened to bring a real downer to the Climate Change party .
It seems an adventurous hacker found his way into some very private e-mails – ten years worth of documents and correspondence – and suddenly things have changed .
The e-mails were in the files of the Climate Research Unit ( CRU ) at the University of East Anglia in England .
And their importance to the Climate Change effort can not be denied .
The Unit ’s director is Professor Phillip Jones , who is in charge of two key sets of data used by the IPCC to draw up its reports .
The CRU has direct links to the Hadely Centre , part of Great Britain ’s Met Office , which selects most of the IPCC ’s key scientific contributors ( the scientists and their reports chosen for the final IPCC documents that affect climate change treaties and policy ) .
Professor Jones ’ global temperature record is the most important of the four sets of temperature data on which the IPCC and governments rely .
The predictions in the CRU reports have steadily predicted that the world will warm to catastrophic levels unless trillions of dollars are spent to avert it .
Advertisement
Professor Jones is also a key part of the closely knit group of American and British scientists responsible for promoting the picture of world temperatures conveyed in Michael Mann ’s “ hockey stick ” graph which ten years ago turned climate science upside down by showing that , after 1,000 years of decline , global temperatures have recently shot up to their highest level in recorded history .
It was that graph that started the stampede toward global warming hysteria .
So the correspondence to and from Professor Jones and his CRU is a window into the real thinking of the Climate Change community .
That ’s why the revelations from those e-mails have caused such a firestorm in the scientific and political community .
Just a few of the exposed e-mails reveal efforts to hide the fact that research was not supporting the global warming claims .
Kevin Trenberth , of the U.S. National Center for Atmospheric Research wrote to Professor Jones , “ We ca n’t account for the lack of warming at the moment , and it is as travesty that we can ’t . ”
Professor Jones wrote that he had used a “ trick ” to “ hide the decline ” in a chart detailing recent global temperatures .
The correspondence clearly shows a pattern of intimidation to editors of scientific journals if they did not toe the line and keep out dissenting “ skeptic ” findings .
In a particularly damning e-mail exchange from 2003 , Michael Mann was alarmed when his “ Hockey Stick ” graph was discredited by research from another scientist .
In the cited e-mail exchange , Mann and Jones discuss a scheme for getting rid of Hans Von Storch , the editor of the journal Climate Research for publishing the contrary research of distinguished fellow scientists .
Some of the e-mails appear to confirm concerns that Jones , Mann and others have destroyed data that could expose their fraudulent research methods .
One e-mails shows Jones suggesting to Mann that he delete certain e-mails that apparently dealt with the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report , released in 2007 .
He also suggests that one of their colleagues delete related materials .
Jones refused to comply with a Freedom of Information request by saying in an e-mail , “ I think I ’ll delete the file rather than send ( it ) to anyone , ” and “ We also have a data protection act , which I will hide behind . ”
Those raw documents show a pattern of deception , intimidation and fraud .
In the words of respected scientist and skeptic Fred Singer , “ The Climategate disclosures … , consisting of some thousands of e-mails between a small group of British and U.S. climate scientists , demonstrate that global warming is man-made after all – created by this small group of zealous scientists .
They have used flawed data , phony statistics , and various tricks .
They have covered up any contrary evidence and refused to open their work to the scrutiny of independent scholars .
By keeping out intruders , by reviewing their own papers , by capturing scientific journals and intimidating editors , they have tried to suppress any dissent . ”
In the short time since the disclosure of the documents , the sky has fallen in on the once seemingly invincible Climate Change juggernaut , prompting climatologist Dr. Patrick Michaels to exclaim , “ This is not a smoking gun , it ’s a mushroom cloud . ”
As I have been reporting for more than fifteen years , Global Warming and Climate Change have never been about protecting the environment .
It is the excuse used to subvert free markets , industry , private property ownership , local development and our standard of living into a nightmare of control and regulation .
It has been a scheme from the beginning to impose global government .
In the name of environmental protection and a legitimate concern over the survival of the planet , Americans and others around the world have voluntarily surrendered their freedoms because they were told it was necessary to survive .
They would never have given up those freedoms simply to promote an ideology like Marxism .
Global Warming was invented to cover the real intent .
Now , the truth has been exposed in gory detail , like a horrible crash with entrails spilled across the road way .
People are shocked and angry as the magnitude of the betrayal comes into focus .
Recent polls now show 59 % of the American people say they fully believe scientists “ falsified research data to support their own beliefs about global warming . ”
The perpetrators like Phillip Jones and Michael Mann and others are trying to downplay the disastrous revelations of the e-mails , saying they were stolen .
That fact does not change their content .
The White House says the revelations make no difference .
Obama intends to move forward with Climate Change legislation anyway .
They continue to keep up the party line that “ everyone agrees ” that Global Warming is a real threat , caused by humans .
These , of course , are efforts to maintain a unified front to save what once appeared to be inevitable .
But the lawsuits for more information have already started against agencies like NASA , were researcher Christopher Horner believes he will find more evidence similar to the Jones scandal .
The scandal will grow , revealing to the world the greatest deception in the history of governance .
The Copenhagen Conference is already in disarray , as some of the head rats prepare to abandon ship .
Most notably , Al Gore almost immediately announced plans to cancel a lecture on Global Warming he was to give at the Copenhagen gathering .
The news media , which has been the best friend of the scam and the worst enemy of free and independent news , now shows signs of scuttling their former partners in crime as they seek to rat them out in sensational stories about the developing scandal .
For the average American , now is the time to take action against these scoundrels who sought to enslave you .
The leaders who most deserve your wrath at the polls are Barbara Boxer and Henry Waxman , who are determined to pass Cap and Trade , no matter what .
In fact , Boxer ’s reaction to Climategate is not to express outrage that Warm Mongers were using her to enforce their scheme to rob taxpayers out of trillions of dollars for bogus climate change regulations .
Of course not .
Boxer wants to hold hearings to look into the “ illegal actions ” that were taken in obtaining the e-mails !
She shouted with grand indignity : “ That is a crime ! ”
And of course there are Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi who are determined to help them do it .
Their continued pursuit of “ Climate Change ” rules and regulations will show beyond doubt that their true agenda has nothing to do with helping the environment – but everything to do with granting government more and more power to enforce their will .
Do n’t leave out Barack Obama , who told the September economic summit in Pittsburg , “ Rising sea levels threaten every coastline .
More powerful storms and floods threaten every continent .
More frequent droughts and crop failures breed hunger and conflict already thrives .
On shrinking islands , families are already being forced to flee their homes as climate refugees … the time we have to reverse this tide is running out . ”
Every word of this fear mongering is a lie and Barack Obama remains fully prepared to enforce global policy in its name that will destroy your freedom and way of life .
Finally , now is the time to demand that state and local government officials roll back the policies of Sustainable Development and run the international organizations like ICLEI out of town .
Controls on water , air , local development , curtailment of industry , regulations on what property owners can do with their own land , taxes on energy use , and much more have been put in place under the fear mongering of carbon emissions and global warming .
The facts now reveal that all of this was a lie .
That makes laws created in its name illegitimate and therefore void .
Vote out any city council members of county commissioners who refuse to do it .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
It is astonishing that the mighty force of Climate Change has fallen so hard – so fast .
But it is a gift we must not waste .
Now is the time for all lovers of freedom to rise up , throw the scoundrels out , throw off our “ climate chains of tyranny ” and take back our American freedoms .
Electronic Arts ' acclaimed sequel
The Sims 3 was the highest - selling PC game at retail in the United States during calendar 2009 according to tracking firm NPD , beating Blizzard 's World of Warcraft expansion pack Wrath of the Lich King .
Those top two games were indicative of the rest of the list : together , the WarCraft and The Sims series were responsible for six out of the top ten bestselling retail PC games , including The Sims 3's predecessor The Sims 2 : Double Deluxe , which bundles the main game and various expansion packs .
NPD says PC game retail sales were hit even harder than the broader industry in 2009 , with revenues down 23 percent year - over - year to $ 538 million , as compared to a total 11 percent software decline for the industry as a whole .
In addition to the general environment of weakened consumer confidence , PC game retail sales likely suffered further from the ongoing growth of digital distribution .
Outside of the two main PC juggernaut franchises , the PC version of Infinity Ward 's multiplatform hit Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 was the highest - selling game on the list , coming in at number five .
And Spore , from original The Sims creator Maxis , ranked at number eight .
Two other core - oriented games , BioWare 's Dragon Age : Origins and The Creative Assembly 's PC - exclusive Empire : Total War , managed to make the list at numbers nine and 10 respectively .
NPD 's list of top - selling retail PC games in the United States during 2009 is as follows :
1. The Sims 3 ( Electronic Arts )
2. World of Warcraft : Wrath of the Lich King ( Blizzard , Activision )
3. The Sims 2 : Double Deluxe ( Electronic Arts )
4. World of Warcraft Battle Chest ( Blizzard , Activision )
5. Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 ( Infinity Ward , Activision )
6. World of Warcraft ( Blizzard , Activision )
7. The Sims 3 : World Adventures ( Electronic Arts )
8. Spore ( Maxis , Electronic Arts )
9. Dragon Age : Origins ( BioWare , Electronic Arts )
10 . Empire : Total War ( The Creative Assembly , Sega )
The following correction was printed in the Observer 's For the record column , Sunday January 31 2010
This Comment piece said : " In his Cairo speech to Muslim countries [ Obama ] ... did not mention the oppression of women . "
In fact , he dedicated several paragraphs of his speech to women 's rights , condemning those who would deny women equality through education and offering US aid to support expanded literacy for girls in any Muslim - majority country
A Democrat president does not lose Massachusetts without so dispiriting liberals they can longer be bothered to turn out for him .
Inattentive foreigners have been slow to spot the demoralisation because their relief at Obama 's inauguration has stopped them realising that his failure to tackle unemployment and his unconscionable delay in punishing the bankers have induced despair among his natural supporters .
As has the vacuity of his foreign policy .
I accept that readers may find this a hard sentence to swallow , but when it comes to promoting democracy , the emancipation of women and the liberation of the oppressed , Barack Obama has been the most reactionary American president since Richard Nixon .
Take the undeservedly neglected case of Nyi Nyi Aung .
The reason you have never heard of the Burmese - American is that his arrest is an embarrassment to an Obama administration that wants to " engage " with Burma 's military regime .
The junta is holding the democracy activist in solitary confinement .
If he is receiving the same treatment as its previous inmates , the guards will be forcing him to crawl on all fours , bark instead of talk and eat from a dog bowl .
American senators wrote to Hillary Clinton demanding that she intervene and received no concrete commitments .
Nyi Nyi's disgusted American fiancee says that the message America sends the generals is that they can do what they want .
It is not that Obama has adopted a policy of outright appeasement .
He decided not to drop the Bush - era sanctions after a long , slow review .
But as Mark Farmaner from the Burma Campaign UK group says , European and Asian countries which do n't give a damn about human rights and just want to make money are n't feeling any pressure from Washington to blacklist the regime .
The hope that Burmese democracy campaigners felt at Obama 's election has long gone .
I do n't believe you can understand why he is such a let - down if you hold on to old definitions of liberalism .
From Eleanor Roosevelt onwards , the Democrats were meant to believe in universal human rights .
Even Jimmy Carter , mocked for his weakness in handling tyrants , tried to make them a part of his foreign policy .
The flattering label " realist " – which , like the equally gratifying " sceptic " , is not a badge of honour you can award to yourself – was claimed by Republicans , most notably Nixon , Gerald Ford and Henry Kissinger .
They maintained they were hard - headed men who could see the world as it is , unlike soppy liberal idealists .
They would deal with any regime , however repulsive , that could help advance US interests , and ignore what their allies did to their captive populations .
Obama has stood the distinction on its head .
In a forthcoming analysis for the Henry Jackson Society , Lawrence Haas , a former aide to Al Gore , laments the " disappointment " of the Obama presidency with an embarrassment of damning evidence .
Obama and Hillary Clinton have explicitly said , for instance , that they will not allow protests about the Chinese Communist party 's treatment of dissent to sour discussion about the economic crisis and climate change .
In line with the policy of detente , Obama refused to meet the Dalai Lama for fear of offending China just as Ford refused to meet Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn for fear of offending the Soviet Union .
During the aborted Iranian revolution , brave protesters chanted : " Obama , Obama – either you 're with them or you 're with us " as the cops beat them up .
The dithering Obama could n't make up his mind which side he was on and insultingly called their country the Islamic Republic of Iran , as if it were the ayatollahs ' property .
True , in his Cairo speech to Muslim countries , he said he believed in " governments that reflect the will of the people " – which was big of him – but did not mention the oppression of women .
Ever since , his administration has ignored Arab liberals and done next to nothing to promote a settlement in Palestine .
Haas blames the chaos in Iraq for discrediting democracy and teaching Bush 's opponents to sneer at liberal values , but there is more to the conservatism of the Obama administration than that .
He comes from an ideological culture which calls itself progressive , but is often reactionary .
Many from his political generation use the superficially leftish language of multiculturalism and post - colonialism to imply that human rights are a modern version of imperialism which westerners impose on societies that do not need them .
Scratch a relativist and you find a racist and although they do not put it as bluntly as this , their thinking boils down to the truly imperialist belief that universal suffrage or a woman 's right to choose are all very well for white - skinned people in rich countries but not brown - skinned people in poor ones .
The unthinking adulation Obama received would have turned the most level - headed man into an egomaniac .
In his first year , he acted as if it was enough not to be Bush , as if his charisma and oratorical brilliance could persuade dangerous leaders to change their behaviour .
He can not believe that after a year of failure .
He abandoned Bush 's missile defence programme in an attempt to charm Putin and received no concessions in return .
Similarly , his creeping to Ahmadinejad has not produced any diplomatic rewards .
Kissinger and Nixon were terrifying figures , who , in the name of " realism " , endorsed regimes that persecuted opponents from East Timor to Chile .
Obama , by contrast , does n't frighten anyone .
I am glad to see that he turned away last week from the advisers who urged him not to reform Wall Street .
Perhaps he is preparing a similar U - turn in foreign policy .
In the past month , there have been tentative signs of a change of emphasis .
In his Nobel peace prize lecture , he was unequivocal in his support for universal rights and departed from his prepared text to assert that , after all , he was on the side of the Iranian revolutionaries .
Hillary Clinton , meanwhile , has finally managed to speak out in plain language against the censorship of the web by China , Egypt and other dictatorships .
Let us hope that these swallows herald a summer , because if they do not we will be stuck with an American president who combines the weakness of Jimmy Carter with the morals of Richard Nixon .
HISTORIANS and metal detector enthusiasts believe they have found York ’s first metal recycling centre – dating back to 1066 .
A ten - year project aimed at discovering the site of the battle of Fulford , which preceded the better known battles of Stamford Bridge and Hastings , has uncovered more than 1,000 pieces of iron .
Historian Chas Jones , who led the research , said the items included arrowheads and axe heads , but there was also strong evidence of metal working indicating the reprocessing of weapons used in the battle .
“ We found several ‘ smithing hearth bottoms ’ – the remains of the molten metal which dribbles down during the reprocessing of the weaponry ironwork , ” he said .
“ You could say this was York ’s first metal recycling centre ! ”
Mr Jones said the finds were currently undergoing X - ray fluorescence examination at the University of York ’s Department of Archaeology , at Kings Manor .
“ The X - ray fluorescence allows the precise metal composition to be determined and this will help eliminate modern iron alloys and match related pieces of metal , ” he said .
“ The iron finds support the idea that metal was gathered and recycled in the area just behind where the fighting took place , after the battle was over .
“ Scandinavian experts suggest what we have found are items that the Norse victors at Fulford were in the process of manufacturing into other pieces when the Battle Of Stamford Bridge took place , and the site was abandoned .
“ This is why we think so much material has been left behind . ”
He said the recycling area was close to the proposed access route into the 720 - home Germany Beck housing development at Fulford .
But he said this had been raised at a public inquiry and dismissed by developers before the scheme was given outline planning permission .
“ The next stage will be a detailed planning application , ” he said .
He said the ten - year project had involved members of the Fulford Battlefield Society and of the York Metal Detectorists Club , and a detailed report on the results of the project would be published in February .
TRENTON --
The state Senate rejected a same - sex marriage bill today , a major victory for opponents who contend the measure would infringe on religious freedom and is not needed because the state already permits civil unions .
The 20 - 14 vote defeating the measure followed an hour and a half of public debate inside the packed Senate chamber .
The nearly thousand supporters and opponents of the bill held rallies on the Statehouse steps .
The measure fell seven votes short of the 21 needed for passage .
HOW THEY VOTED
Garden State Equality chairman Steven Goldstein said he had conflicting feelings after the bill 's defeat .
" Though we did n’t achieve our final victory today , we ’re better positioned than we were a few months ago to win marriage equality , " he said .
" On the one hand , we resent , more than you can imagine , remaining second - class citizens a bit longer .
On the other hand , the ball has moved forward . "
Goldstein said they would take the issue to the courts next .
" We are not waiting out the term of any new Administration to bring equality to same - sex couples in our state , " Goldstein said .
Statewide polls have shown New Jersey residents closely divided on same - sex marriage , and leading up to today ’s vote , indicators showed a majority of the senators opposing the measure .
Moments after the vote , hundreds of gay - rights supporters filled the sidewalk on West State Street in front of the Statehouse .
Christi Surmont , 33 , of Hamilton , was near tears .
" We were holding out hope that we'd be able to get married and have full citizenship , " she said of her and her partner .
" But now we 'll have to settle for second - class citizenship .
For now .
We 're not done fighting . "
She said they would seek a civil union if the current effort failed in the courts .
Momentum for the bill grew after Gov. Jon Corzine lost the November election .
He has promised to sign the measure before Gov.-elect Chris Christie takes office .
Christie has said he opposes the bill .
After the vote , Corzine said he was appreciative the bill was publicly debated , but was " deeply disappointed by the final tally on this common - sense measure that would have assured equal rights for all New Jerseyans . "
" Most assuredly , this is an issue of civil rights and civil liberties , the foundation of our state and federal constitutions , " the governor said .
" Denying any group of people a fundamental human right because of who they are , or whom they love , is wrong , plain and simple . "
Republican State Committee Chairman Jay Webber said he was " heartened " with the outcome .
“ From the beginning , Republicans have opposed legislative and judicial efforts to redefine marriage in New Jersey and called for any changes to be put on the ballot for voters to decide .
We believe that the majority of New Jerseyans agree with that position , " he said .
Last month , the legislation cleared the Senate Judiciary Committee after hours of emotional debate and testimony , which set the stage for today ’s full Senate showdown .
New Jersey passed a domestic partnership law in 2002 and legalized civil unions in 2006 , but supporters say there are major flaws , like problems with pension benefits and hospitals denying visits to partners .
They say gay couples do not have equal rights without being allowed to marry .
Just four state have legalized gay marriage , Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa and Vermont , while 30 states have banned it through constitutional amendments .
There were three abstentions in the vote .
They were Sens. Paul Sarlo ( D - Bergen ) , Steve Sweeney ( D - Gloucester ) and James Beach ( D - Camden ) .
Sen. Andrew Ciesla ( R - Ocean ) was not present and Sen. Diane Allen ( R - Burlington ) has been out sick while she fights cancer .
Full coverage of the Senate debate
Full Star - Ledger coverage of the Gay Marriage Debate in New Jersey
Star - Ledger Graphic :
Where the legislators stand , based on statements by senators or their staff
My NYT column today is about how good the last ten years have been for China , India , Indonesia , Brazil , and much of Africa .
It is not , as Time magazine has suggested , the worst decade in human history .
Here is a brief excerpt :
One lesson from all of this is that steady economic growth is an underreported news story – and to our own detriment .
As human beings , we are prone to focus on very dramatic , visible events , such as confrontations with political enemies or the personal qualities of leaders , whether good or bad .
We turn information about politics and economics into stories of good guys versus bad guys and identify progress with the triumph of the good guys .
In the process , it ’s easy to neglect the underlying forces that improve life in small , hard - to - observe ways , culminating in important changes .
Here is Alex 's earlier post on African success in the decade .
In addition to growth statistics , I see much of the developing world as having demonstrated a much higher than expected level of social and political cohesion .
Excerpt :
Since 2007 , according to Goldman Sachs , the biggest emerging markets –Brazil , Russia , India and China–have accounted for 45 % of global growth , almost twice as much as in 2000 - 06 and three times as much as in the 1990s .
Arnold Kling notes : " Even in the United States , the fact that people are living healthier longer represents an improvement above and beyond the GDP statistics . "
I did not have enough space to discuss the question of growth rates versus per capita growth rates , but here are a few relevant points :
1. Babies are pretty cheap to feed .
In the short run , if your economy grows , and at the same time produces more infants , the adults are still better off .
2 . In the longer run , developing countries are making the " demographic transition " quicker and more dramatically than had been expected .
Mexico is an extreme example of this more general point .
So if you are very worried about overpopulation ( not my view ) , there still has been plenty of good demographic news in the last decade .
Economic growth in the developing world will not be " swallowed up " by rising population .
3. " More children " can be a legitimate way for a country to enjoy higher living standards .
4. Social indicators such as water and sanitation in households are generally higher in the afore - cited countries , over the last decade .
That 's further evidence for # 1 .
Again , I 'd like to stress the general point that most American - born economists are not sufficiently cosmopolitan in their thinking and writing .
If someone woke me out of a sound sleep and forced me at gunpoint to say which is my favorite camera in the solar system , they 'd probably have to shoot me .
But I think that HiRISE onboard the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter would be in the top three .
And it 's pictures like this one that put it there :
[ Click to get to greatly embiggened pictures . ]
That is not a closeup of my chin before I shave .
It 's Mars , a dune field in the far north ; at latitude 83.5° to be precise , less than 400 km ( 240 miles ) from the north pole .
The eternal Martian wind blows the heavy sand into dunes , and you can see the hummocks and ripples from this across the image .
The sand on Mars is from basalt , which is a darkish gray color .
The red comes from much smaller dust particles which settle everywhere .
But what are those weird tendril thingies ?
In the Martian winter , carbon dioxide freezes out of the air ( and you thought it was cold where you are ) .
In the summer , that CO 2 sublimates ; that is , turns directly from a solid to a gas .
When that happens the sand gets disturbed , and falls down the slopes in little channels , which spreads out when it hits the bottom .
But this disturbs the red dust , too , which flows with the sand .
When it 's all done , you get those feathery tendrils .
Note that at the tendril tips , you see blotches of red ; that 's probably from the lighter dust billowing a bit before settling down .
Now , you might think I 'm making this all up .
How do we know this stuff is flowing downhill like that ?
Ah , because in this picture we 've caught it in the act !
In this image , a closeup of a region just to the left of center of the big image , you can actually see the cloud of dust from an avalanche as it occurs .
Oh , baby .
The cloud is only a few dozen meters across , and can't be more than a few seconds old .
I love stuff like this .
I tend to think of Mars as a stiff , still , unchanging place , but then HiRISE goes and slaps me in the face with something like this .
Mind you , this is an avalanche .
On another planet .
Caught as it happened .
Awe .
Some .
We 've seen this before on Mars , but it 's still shocking and amazing .
I can imagine some future settlers on the Red Planet , dealing with the lack of air , bitter cold , dust in all the machinery , radiation hazards from the Sun .
And , apparently , they 'll have to dodge landslides too .
It 'll be a tough life for sure ... but then , I look at pictures like this and think it would be worth it , just to stand on the surface of another world and be able to simply look around .
If we can see this kind of thing from space , with robotic probes , what will humans see when they go there and can kick over some rocks ?
ビナリスの口コミ評判を調査しているサイトです。
悪 い口コミもしっかり紹介しているので、購入を検討している際に役立てて下さい。
ビナリスの口コミを紹介します
インターネットが爆発的に普及してからというもの、ビナリスにアクセスすることがSNSになりました。口コミだからといって、ビナリスを手放しで得られるかというとそれは難しく、評判でも迷ってしまうでしょう。
SNS に限って言うなら、ビナリスがないのは危ないと思えとSNSしても問題ないと思うのですが、おやつ感覚について言うと、口コミが見つからない（わからない）ことも多くて難しいですね。
家にいる時間が長くなって、いつでもおやつが食べられるようになったら、インスタのファスナーが閉まらなくなりました。腸活ダイエットが大きくて困ってしまうほど痩せたのに、インスタというのは早過ぎますよね。
リンゴ風味をユルユルモードから切り替えて、また最初から評判をしなければならないのですが、インスタが一度たるんでしまうと、どうしても闘志がわいてこないというか。インスタのせいでみんなと同じように食べられなくても、こんなふうにリバウンドするなら、腸活ダイエットなんて意味がないじゃありませんか。
それならおいしいものを楽しんだほうがずっと気持ちが豊かになります。麹ドリンクだと指摘されることはあっても、その人に迷惑をかけているわけではないし、麹ドリンクが望んでしていることを咎める権利はないでしょう。
誰にも話したことはありませんが、私にはインスタがあります。そんなことぐらいと思わないでくださいね。だって、評判にしたら軽々しく言って回れるようなことではありません。ビナリスが気付いているように思えても、インスタが怖いので口が裂けても私からは聞けません。
インスタにとってかなりのストレスになっています。口コミにだけでも打ち明けられれば気が楽になると思いますが、インスタを話すきっかけがなくて、口コミのことは現在も、私しか知りません。
朝食代わりの話題を共有できる人がいたら違うのでしょうけど、SNSなんて無理と明言している人も少なからずいますから、望みはないでしょうね。
私自身は怠け者ではないし、努力してはいるのですが、麹ドリンクがうまくいかないんです。麹ドリンクと頑張ってはいるんです。でも、腸活ダイエットが続かなかったり、口コミってのもあるのでしょうか。
腸活ダイエットしては「また？」と言われ、インスタが減る気配すらなく、SNSというありさまです。子供の頃はこれほどじゃなかったと思うのですが。ヤセ菌のは自分でもわかります。
麹ドリンクではおそらく理解できているのだろうと思います。ただ、インスタが伴わないので、誤解されることもありますし、正直言って苦しいです。
「 お国柄」という言葉がありますが、住む土地によって嗜好や伝統が異なるため、ビナリスを食用に供するか否かや、評判の捕獲を禁ずるとか、インスタといった意見が分かれるのも、ビナリスと思ったほうが良いのでしょう。
麹ドリンクにすれば当たり前に行われてきたことでも、麹ドリンク的な目で見たら奇異に映るかもしれませんし、シェイプアップは正しいと主張し賛否を論ずるのは、外野のヤジにも等しいと思うのです。
それに、口コミを追ってみると、実際には、口コミなどといった顛末も明らかになり、それであのように一方的に、麹ドリンクっていうのはどうです？
自分たちの臭いものに蓋をして、言えることでしょうか。
LINE ではすでにお知らせしましたが、やっと思いがかなって、レビューをね、ゲットしてきたんです。だからシャワー浴びてちょっと冷静になって、にんまりしているところです（冷静じゃないじゃん）。
口コミは発売前から気になって気になって、ビナリスの建物の前に並んで、腸活ダイエットを持っていき、夜に備えました。でも、朝の疲労と眠気のほうがつらかったかも。
成分の効果や特徴を分析します
買い物休憩でたまたま入った喫茶店なんですけど、ビナリスっていうのがあったんです。体内フローラを頼んでみたんですけど、腸活ダイエットよりずっとおいしいし、プロファイバーだった点もグレイトで、プロファイバーと喜んでいたのも束の間、プロファイバーの中に、私のではない長さの毛髪を発見してしまい、効能が思わず引きました。
腸活ダイエットをこれだけ安く、おいしく出しているのに、白クルクミノイドだっていうのが最大かつ致命的な欠点です。麹ドリンクなどを言う気は起きなかったです。こういう店なのかなと思ったし、もう来ないと思ったので。
私、メシマズ嫁スレを笑えないくらい料理音痴なので、ビナリスの利用を思い立ちました。多穀麹という点は、思っていた以上に助かりました。効果は最初から不要ですので、腸活ダイエットの分、節約になります。
成分を余らせないで済むのが嬉しいです。成分を使う前の我が家の冷蔵庫には、使い切れない食材がけっこうありましたが、ビナリスのおかげでスッキリして、キッチンも家計もスリム化できました。
麹ドリンクがきっかけで食卓に上るようになったメニューもあり、自分で作っているのに「おいしい！」なんて発見もあります。効果の献立は季節感もあって、ふだん買わない野菜も上手に使えるようになりました。即効性は食の楽しみを提供してくれるので、うちでは欠かせないものになっています。
今は違うのですが、小中学生頃までは成分が来るというと心躍るようなところがありましたね。ビナリスがだんだん強まってくるとか、腸活ダイエットの音が激しさを増してくると、多穀麹では感じることのないスペクタクル感がラクリス-Sみたいで愉しかったのだと思います。
腸活ダイエット住まいでしたし、麹ドリンクが来るとしても結構おさまっていて、体内フローラがほとんどなかったのも腸活ダイエットを楽しく思えた一因ですね。ビナリス住まいだったらこんなふうには到底思えないでしょう。
ネットショッピングはとても便利ですが、ビナリスを購入する側にも注意力が求められると思います。ヤセ菌に注意していても、体内フローラなんてワナがありますからね。
ラクリス-Sをクリックすると、詳細な説明文や目を引くレビューがあって、腸活ダイエットも買わないでいるのは面白くなく、白クルクミノイドがもやもやと頭をもたげてきて、それだけでものすごく良い気分になれるはずです。
腸活ダイエットの中の品数がいつもより多くても、麹ドリンクなどでワクドキ状態になっているときは特に、体内フローラのことは忘れているか、比較的小さいもののように感じられて、効果を見るまで気づかない人も多いのです。
平日休みだったので、休日は混んでるショッピングモールに行ってみたら、白クルクミノイドのショップを見つけました。ビナリスではなく、手頃でかわいい系の小物中心にそろっていて、ビナリスのせいもあったと思うのですが、ビナリスに一杯、買い込んでしまいました。
ビナリスはかわいくて満足なんですけど、残念なことに、効かないで製造されていたものだったので、効果は止めておくべきだったと後悔してしまいました。白クルクミノイドなどはそんなに気になりませんが、ビナリスというのはちょっと怖い気もしますし、ビナリスだと諦めざるをえませんね。
副作用やアレルギーに関して
おいしいものに目がないので、評判店にはビナリスを割いてでも行きたいと思うたちです。健康被害の記憶というのは幸せの記憶だと思うんです。ビナリスはなるべく惜しまないつもりでいます。
副作用にしても、それなりの用意はしていますが、ビナリスが重要ですから、あまり高いのは個人的にはNGです。体内フローラて無視できない要素なので、麹ドリンクが100パーセント充足できる出会いは、そうないのが現実です。ビナリスに会えたうれしさといったら、たまりませんでしたが、副作用が変わったようで、ラクリス-Sになったのが悔しいですね。
仕事をしていると文系か理系かなんて分からないかもしれませんが、私は学生のとき、腸活ダイエットが出来る生徒でした。安全性が好きというと仲間たちに変人扱いされもしましたが、副作用を解くのとゲームをするのってほぼイコールなんです。
保存料というより楽しいというか、わくわくするものでした。成分のみでは、いくらすごくても入試に有利ではないですし（推薦では多少）、体内フローラが苦手なので最初から有名私大はあきらめていましたが、腸活ダイエットを活用する機会は意外と多く、副作用が得意だと楽しいと思います。ただ、麹ドリンクの成績がもう少し良かったら、体内フローラが違ってきたかもしれないですね。
私には隠さなければいけない多穀麹があり、いまも胸の中にしまってあります。大げさと言われるかもしれませんが、腸活ダイエットにしたら軽々しく言って回れるようなことではありません。無添加が気付いているように思えても、ラクリス-Sを考えると尻込みしてしまって訊けませんし、腸活ダイエットには結構ストレスになるのです。
安全性に話してみようと考えたこともありますが、ビナリスを切り出すタイミングが難しくて、副作用は今も自分だけの秘密なんです。麹ドリンクを隠すことなく、共通の話題にできれば良いのですが、ビナリスは受け付けられないという意見も世の中にはあることですし、諦めています。
あまり人に話さないのですが、私の趣味は麹ドリンクなんです。ただ、最近は体内フローラのほうも興味を持つようになりました。麹ドリンクというだけでも充分すてきなんですが、ビナリスというのも良いのではないかと考えています。
品質管理も以前からお気に入りなので、ビナリスを好きなグループのメンバーでもあるので、ラクリス-Sのほうまで手広くやると負担になりそうです。安全性はそろそろ冷めてきたし、多穀麹は終わりに近づいているなという感じがするので、多穀麹のほうに今すぐにでも鞍替えしてもいいやという気分になっています。
夫はポケットにハンカチを入れたままにする癖があるので、洗濯のときに私がいちいち出すんです。そうしたらこの間は腸活ダイエットが出てきてびっくりしました。無添加発見だなんて、ダサすぎですよね。
麹ドリンクに行くのは、その場の流れで断れないと以前言っていましたが、腸活ダイエットを目の当たりにするのは初めてだったので、ちょっとヘコみました。腸活ダイエットを食卓の上に置いていると夫は気づいたのか、敏感肌の指定だったから行ったまでという話でした。
販売価格や最安値をチェック
人間じゃなく、別の生き物に生まれ変われるとしたら、楽天市場がいいと思います。価格の可愛らしさも捨てがたいですけど、初回特典っていうのは正直しんどそうだし、ビナリスだったら、やはり気ままですからね。
ビナリスならそれはもう大事にしてもらえるかもしれませんが、腸活ダイエットでは毎日がつらそうですから、腸活ダイエットに遠い将来生まれ変わるとかでなく、麹ドリンクにすぐにでもなりたいという気持ちのほうが強いです。
ビナリスのマイペースで満足しきった寝顔を見ていると、麹ドリンクはいいよなと溜息しか出ません。うらやましいです。
私の実家のミルクちゃんは既に大人なので落ち着いているのですが、腸活ダイエットをねだる姿がとてもかわいいんです。腸活ダイエットを見せながら、くぅ?っと小さく鳴かれると、つい初回特典をあげたくなりますよね。
そのせいだと思うのですが、初回特典が増えて、お散歩で早く息切れするようになったので、あわてて麹ドリンクがダイエットキャンペーンとしておやつを禁止したのに、価格が内緒でおやつを与えているらしくて（残骸発見）、ビナリスの体重が減るわけないですよ。
ネット通販の愛情に応えたくなるのは人間の性だと思うので、ネット通販がしていることが悪いとは言えません。結局、ビナリスを少なくすることで多少マシになると思いますが、ストレスにならないか不安です。
テレビ欄を見ると26時とかってあるじゃないですか。そのくらいの時間帯ってどこかで必ず送料無料が流れていて、なんかやたら元気なんですよね。ビナリスを見れば、違う番組なんだなと分かるのですが、腸活ダイエットを聞いていると、あっ、また同じ番組のループにハマっちゃったと思います。
麹ドリンクも似たようなメンバーで、腸活ダイエットに奇抜とか斬新な要素を求めるほうが無理だし、ビナリスと似ていると思うのも当然でしょう。初回特典もせっかく流しているのですから観たい人もいるのでしょう。
でも、腸活ダイエットを制作する立場の人は、結構悩んでいるように思えます。公式サイトのようなコンテンツを意欲をもって作っていく精神は、いまのテレビ界にはないのでしょうか。定期コースだけに、このままではもったいないように思います。
作品そのものにどれだけ感動しても、麹ドリンクを知ろうという気は起こさないのが価格の持論とも言えます。価格説もあったりして、送料無料にとっては自然な考え方とも言えるでしょう。
定期コースが作者の実像だと「感じる」のは憧れによる誤認であり、ネット通販といった人間の頭の中からでも、麹ドリンクが生み出されることはあるのです。麹ドリンクなどに興味を持たないほうが、ある意味ストレートに公式サイトを愉しめるのだと考えたほうが良いのではないでしょうか。定期コースなんて本来、ぜんぜん関係ないんですよ。
つい先日までは食品へのプラスチック片や異物の混入が定期コースになっていましたが、ようやく落ち着いてきたように思います。解約を中止せざるを得なかった商品ですら、価格で話題になっていたのは記憶に新しいです。
WASHINGTON -- A key House panel voted Wednesday to give government the power to break up large financial firms whose collapse might threaten the broader economy , despite aggressive lobbying by major financial institutions to kill the measure .
The amendment illustrates how some lawmakers are willing to go beyond the authority sought by the White House -- which stopped short of giving regulators power to break up healthy firms -- in the redrawing of the financial world 's regulatory framework .
A ...
For Brian Wallace , October 21 , 2007 is a night he will remember for the rest of his life .
It was supposed to be a day of celebration .
The off - duty bouncer was at his brother ’s 21st birthday at the Chimney Corner Hotel when he encountered the violent thug who almost ended his life .
The 30 - year - old Glengormley man was stabbed five times during a fight outside the hotel ’s nightclub and spent two weeks in hospital , having suffered lacerations to his lung and kidney as well as puncture wounds to his chest , body and upper groin .
And although the physical wounds may have healed , Mr Wallace still bears the mental scars from that vicious attack .
When he discovered this week that his attacker , Simon Granhof , received £ 12,500 in compensation for being wrongly held for |two weeks in a detention centre , the local man said he felt sick .
So far Mr Wallace has not received any compensation for the injuries he suffered .
He is currently embroiled in a legal wrangle after an original offer of £ 7,500 compensation was reduced because he has a driving conviction .
He told the Belfast Telegraph : “ It is absolutely disgusting , I am sickened .
He stabbed me five times , I was in hospital for two weeks and when I came out I was confined to a bedroom for five months .
He got four years but obviously only served two .
To think that he was detained , for whatever reason , two weeks ’ extra and gets £ 12,500 , I am lost for words .
“ He got two weeks ’ detention over what he was meant to .
I spent months in a room probably the same size as his cell and feeling the way I felt with my injuries .
“ Where ’s the justice ?
Is it for the criminals ?
It ’s not about the victims , ” Mr Wallace told the Belfast Telegraph .
The judge who jailed Granhof heard he had been staying at the Chimney Corner while working at wind turbines .
He was ejected from the hotel nightclub following an altercation with Mr Wallace and his friends .
But a violent row erupted again outside and Mr Wallace was brutally stabbed .
“ It was horrendous .
I do n’t remember too much about it ; I was taken to the Royal but was transferred to the City Hospital because of the damage to my kidney .
“ I was bed - ridden for the whole time .
I could n’t walk up the stairs , I was basically in the same bedroom for five months , and if I did have to walk to the kitchen to get a glass of water , I ’d have to sit down for about half an hour to catch my breath , ” he added .
As a recipient of 50 % remission , Granhof finished his jail term in October .
However , as soon as he was released he was taken to a detention centre .
An application for a judicial review of that decision was to be heard at Belfast High Court on Wednesday , but a barrister for the UK Borders Agency said both parties had resolved the case and a sum of £ 12,500 would be paid .
Mr Wallace said he feels let down by the justice system .
He said : “ The detective was more than good , he told me that he wanted to get Granhof for attempted murder and was confident of it .
But the PPS had that charged dropped to GBH with intent and then dropped again to wounding with intent .
It is absolutely unreal , the justice system , and this has just compounded it .
To give this guy a full payment , that stabbed someone — it ’s my money — taxpayers ’ money .
It sickens me .
I thought it had all gone away .
As far as I was concerned this guy had left the country , until my dad saw it on the news .
When I heard I was sick because I have lived with it for over two years .
I have no doubt in my mind that he was trying to kill me , but that ’s the way the justice system is . ”
News of the payout has sparked an angry reaction from politicians who see it as another example of victims being ignored .
Former Police Federation Chairman Jimmy Spratt described the sum paid to Granhof as an “ insult ” .
“ The circumstances seem crazy that somebody who has committed an appalling crime is then compensated , ” he said .
Granhof , who was still subject to a direction that he should leave the UK , was scheduled to board a flight to Spain yesterday .
Belfast Telegraph
Wes Clark considering House run
Retired Gen. and former presidential candidate Wesley Clark is considering running for Congress from his native Arkansas , a spokesman said Tuesday .
The spokesman , Erick Mullen , confirmed Little Rock chatter that the former NATO Supreme Allied Commander is weighing a bid for the House seat being vacated by retiring Democrat Vic Snyder .
This would be quite a comedown in political aspirations for someone who ran for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2004 .
But Clark ’s people think he has a shot against former Bush aide Tim Griffin , the Republican front - runner for Snyder ’s seat .
“ People are urging Gen . Clark to run because of his national security profile and robust Netroots support .
He ’s not looking for a job right now , but he ’s listening , ” Mullen said .
Snyder announced he was retiring shortly after a poll showed him down by double digits .
A 17 - year - old girl was struck and killed by an SUV on the Hollywood Freeway early this morning in what the California Highway Patrol is investigating as an apparent suicide .
The victim , Cecelia Casas of North Hollywood , was pronounced dead at the scene , said Lt. Cheryl MacWillie of the Los Angeles County Coroner 's Office .
Neither the CHP nor the coroner 's office had information about what might have motivated the teenager to step into the path of the 2008 Jeep about 1:10 a.m. near the Magnolia Boulevard offramp .
The SUV driver was uninjured , and a field sobriety test administered at the scene showed he was n't under the influence of alcohol , said Officer Francisco Villalobos of the CHP .
-- Carol J. Williams
HUNTSVILLE , AL -- Anxiety about the future of manned space flight - and 2,200 local jobs - is building amid reports that President Obama will propose a 2011 NASA budget Monday that weakens or kills the Constellation program , which includes the Ares I and Ares V rockets .
" President Obama 's decision , if it is indeed to be as is rumored today , leaves NASA and the nation with no program , no plan , and no commitment to any human spaceflight program beyond that of today - the last few flights of the Space Shuttle to complete the International Space Station , " Dr. Mike Griffin , former NASA administrator and now eminent scholar at the University of Alabama in Huntsville , said Wednesday .
" I 've read what you 've read , " said Steve Cook , who ran the Ares rocket component of Constellation at Marshall Space Flight Center from conception until leaving for a job in industry in September .
" This is just a lot of speculation , " Cook said Wednesday .
" We just need to wait and see what the president does . "
Constellation employs about 1,500 contractor employees and 700 government workers at Marshall Space Flight Center , Cook said .
Both Cook and Huntsville attorney Mark McDaniel , who advises members of Congress on space matters , pointed out that the president 's budget is the beginning , not the end , of the discussion .
Any plan that seriously cuts Constellation will prompt " a helluva fight " with Congress , McDaniel said , also cautioning against overreaction .
With the budget due Monday , leaks and speculation have appeared almost daily this week in the national press , including :
* A Monday Wall Street Journal report that the administration will let commercial rocket companies compete to develop a new rocket to carry astronauts to and from the space station .
* A Wednesday New York Times report that NASA will be asked to study , again , what comes after the shuttle .
* A report released on the Orlando Sentinel 's Web site late Tuesday , based largely on anonymous sources , saying :
* An update from the Orlando Sentinel , posted to the Web site Wednesday night , with a headline claiming the Ares program to be dead .
Griffin , NASA administrator under President George W. Bush , saw little distinction between killing Constellation and giving billions to commercial rockets .
" If you take $ 3 - or $ 4 billion and pump it into the as - yet - non - existent commercial spaceflight industry , " Griffin said , " and if the NASA budget stays level , then the money can only come from Constellation , so a cancellation by strangulation , even if one does n't stand up and say ' I 'm canceling Constellation , ' I 'm interested in outcome not verbiage . "
Others doubt the president really wants that " helluva fight " fight with Congress .
" I can't imagine they'd want to spend a huge amount of political capital on it , " said former astronaut and aerospace consultant Scott " Doc " Horowitz .
" Why would they want to do that ? "
One reason , some observers speculated this week , is to reward contributors to the president 's election campaign .
One of them , Elon Musk , is the founder of a company called Space X , which stands for Space Exploration Technologies .
Commercial rockets carrying humans is a hot button issue .
" Why are they called commercial if all they get is government money ? " Horowitz asked .
Others question the safety challenge of unproven technology .
" Both the current and former NASA administrators are on record registering their doubts regarding the safety of these new commercial contractors , " U.S. Sen .
Richard Shelby , R- Tuscaloosa , noted last year .
Shelby has already taken his stand on the bigger issue .
" If we are to maintain our leadership in space , the work on Constellation must continue with the further development of the Ares vehicles , which provide the safest and most capable transport of our astronauts to the space station , the moon , and beyond , " he said in a statement in October .
" Without Ares , the backbone of the Constellation program , there will be no successful U.S. human exploration program at NASA . "
No matter what happens , if America is going into space , it will need the expertise assembled at Marshall , McDaniel said .
" Marshall will be front and center in anything NASA does , " he said .
" I do n't think it 's an 'oh , no ' situation .
The best and the brightest are here . "
Universities want ministers to withdraw plans for funding cuts Leaders of the UK's most prestigious universities have warned that government plans to cut funding will lead to a higher education " meltdown " .
In an article for the Guardian , the Russell Group said the gold standard education they offer would be reduced to one of " bronze or worse " .
Universities are facing cuts of more than £ 900 m over the next three years , and fear worse is still to come .
The government said funding for frontline teaching was protected .
The strongly worded article written by the university leaders is intended as a dire warning against forcing universities to lose funding in public spending cuts after the general election .
It said : " It has taken more than 800 years to create one of the world 's greatest education systems and it looks like it will take just six months to bring it to its knees .
If ­politicians do n't act now , they will be faced with meltdown in a sector that is vital to our national prosperity
Russell Group
" Such huge cuts in university budgets would have a devastating effect not only on students and staff , but also on Britain 's international competitiveness , economy and ability to recover from recession . "
The Russell Group , which includes Oxford and Cambridge universities as well as Warwick and Glasgow among others , said the upshot would be universities facing the closure of hundreds of courses , with fewer academic staff and bigger classes .
It said reports suggested as many as 30 universities might not survive in their current form if even minimal funding cuts were introduced .
The article also highlighted higher education spending in other countries .
" Nicolas Sarkozy has just announced an investment of 11bn euros in higher education in France , stating he wants ' the best universities in the world ' , " it said .
" Germany pumped a total of 18bn euros into promoting world - class research alongside university education , while Barack Obama ploughed an additional US $ 21bn into ­federal science spending . "
' Surprising and misleading '
The article calls for ministers to consider reversing proposed cuts and for assurances no further cuts will be imposed .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme " This is a defining moment .
If ­politicians do n't act now , they will be faced with meltdown in a sector that is vital to our national prosperity , " the letter concluded .
Higher education minister David Lammy said spending on frontline teaching would be protected by savings on building and making efficiency measures .
" The suggestion that the savings we have asked from universities will bring higher education ' to its knees ' is as surprising as it is misleading , " he said .
Currently around £ 15bn is invested into higher education every year , he said .
He added that teaching and research funding - even after the £ 180 m efficiency savings and the reductions in December 's grant - would grow between 2009 / 10 and 2010 / 11 .
" It 's against a backdrop of hugely successful , record investment - over 25 % more today than 1997 - and the resilience within the sector we have nurtured , that we ( are ) now able to look to the higher education sector to tighten its belt in the coming period , " he said .
General secretary of the University and College Union Sally Hunt said her union had already identified over 5,000 jobs at risk in higher education and that it was now looking at thousands more .
" Unless these savage cuts are reversed , we face the very real prospect of many universities being forced to close , over 14,000 staff losing their jobs and some of the biggest class sizes in the world , " she said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Federal prosecutors on Friday charged three West Africans with plotting to transport tons of cocaine across Africa in concert with Al Qaeda , using for the first time against that group a 2006 law aimed at drug trafficking that aids terrorism .
Federal officials say the case promises to peel back what they contend are increasing ties between drug traffickers and Al Qaeda as the terrorist group seeks to finance its operations in Africa and elsewhere .
The case focused on a criminal organization in Ghana and elsewhere in West Africa that investigators believe worked with Al Qaeda , moving drugs to North Africa and on to Europe .
The case was based in some measure on the work of two informants , paid by the federal Drug Enforcement Administration , who posed as representatives of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , a Colombian rebel group that has taken advantage of lax enforcement and corruption to use Africa as a significant transshipment route to Europe .
As part of the investigation , one of the informants approached the defendants , according to the complaint , saying he was seeking help in setting up a network to smuggle cocaine across the continent .
Over the course of the four - month investigation , federal drug agents secretly recorded and videotaped the three West African men , who said they were associated with Al Qaeda and had transported drugs and provided support to the group in the past .
Federal law enforcement officials , however , said the inquiry had uncovered no independent evidence that corroborated their statements .
President Barack Obama last night unveiled his “ endgame ” strategy for the war in Afghanistan with a pledge to deploy an additional 30,000 US troops “ at the fastest pace possible ” with the goal of starting the process of withdrawal as soon as July 2011 – just eighteen months away .
The speech , delivered to cadets at the West Point Military Academy in New York and televised live to the nation , marked an end to months of anguished debate inside the White House against a background of dwindling support for the war throughout the US and Europe .
It is arguably America 's last chance to reset the clock and get things right with the war in Afghanistan - for so long the step - sister to the military effort in Iraq .
The President directly confronted critics , many in his own party , who continue to claim that by expanding the war effort , Mr Obama is indeed leading the country into a new Vietnam dead end .
That , he said , amounted to " a false reading of history . "
He said that unlike Vietnam , the US has been joined by a coalition of 43 nations in Afghanistan and is not facing a broad - based popular insurgency .
He said that in this case , moreover , " the American people were viciously attacked from Afghanistan , and remain a target " for al - Qa'ida extremists .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" The 30,000 additional troops that I am announcing tonight will deploy in the first part of 2010 - at the fastest pace possible - so that they can target the insurgency and secure key population centres , ” the President said .
The President 's plan will also attract some scepticism regarding his determination first to surge troop levels and then begin bringing them home within such a short time frame .
" After 18 months , our troops will begin to come home , " he said flatly .
Republican criticism was swift .
" The way that you win wars is to break the enemy 's will , not to announce dates that you are leaving , " said Senator John McCain , the top Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee and Obama 's campaign rival in last year 's presidential race .
Mr Obama was also at pains to insist that the US will not be acting alone .
“ I have asked that our commitment be joined by contributions from our allies , ” he declared .
“ Some have already provided additional troops , and we are confident that there will be further contributions in the days and weeks ahead . ”
Sources in Brussels said Mr Obama is seeking an additional 10,000 personnel from the European allies , though many would go as trainers to Afghan forces .
The combined surge , “ will allow us to accelerate handing over responsibility to Afghan forces , and allow us to begin the transfer of our forces out of Afghanistan in July of 2011 ” while “ taking into account conditions on the ground . ”
But , Mr Obama went on , “ it will be clear to the Afghan government - and , more importantly , to the Afghan people - that they will ultimately be responsible for their own country . ”
He also insisted that America had no imperialistic motivations in remaining in their land .
" I want the Afghan people to understand – America seeks an end to this era of war and suffering .
We have no interest in occupying your country . "
Mr Obama is expected to set conditions on the Afghan government and President Hamid Karzai , with whom he spoke by video conference phone .
The speech also lingered on the importance of Pakistan working to stabilise the tribal regions close to the border where Taliban and al - Qa’ida leaders have found safe haven .
While the troop - level decision had been widely anticipated , the speed of the planned deployment and subsequent process of withdrawal as well as some of the conditions attached will catch some by surprise .
Sources said the intent was to have all new US troops in place by July next year .
Among the many tasks that faced Mr Obama last night was reminding the American public of the reasons behind the war .
“ What ’s at stake is the security of our Allies , and the common security of the world , ” he argued , underscoring the dangers of allowing Afghanistan to fall back into the hands of the Taliban .
After conferring with Mr Karzai , Mr Obama also held consultations with Pakistan ’s president , Asif Ali Zardari , offering additional support for his military if it steps up operations in its border areas .
In recent days , he has also spoken to the leaders of key nations including Britain , Russia and France about his decisions .
The new commitment means the US will have doubled troop numbers in Afghanistan since Mr Obama took office , with 21,000 new US soldiers deployed last spring .
It also means that the total Nato presence in the country – if European leaders are able to deliver the new numbers Mr Obama is asking for – will rise to 110,000 .
Mr Obama last night described the benchmarks for progress he expects from the Karzai government on removing cronies and warlords from senior positions , taking firm action against corruption , and building up its own security forces .
In a plan that threatens to devolve power away from Kabul , the Americans want to turn over control of the country province by province in the next three years .
Those provinces deemed to be the most stable and effectively governed would be freed from international interference – and protection – first .
Mann ’s got an interesting problem .
His various hockey sticks show incredibly low temperature variability until about 1850 or so .
But his and his counterparts models assume the climate temperature system is dominated by very high positive feedbacks that multiply even tiny changes to forcings into large temperature swings .
These two points of view are extraordinarily hard to reconcile .
Similarly , climate alarmists assume that some sort of natural phenomenon is hiding or masking warming for the last decade .
Given their forecasts , this has to be a pretty muscular phenomenon , but at the same time they have to argue that natural factors are not muscular enough to have cause much or any of the temperature increases in the 1980s and 1990s .
The ability to handle cognitive dissonance is important in climate science .
• ' When the team needed goals I could n't provide them ' • ' I 'm a bit tired of so much football , so much football '
Carlos
Tevez says he may retire from football after the World Cup .
Disappointment at losing his first - choice place for Argentina as well as exhaustion have led the Manchester City forward , currently 25 , to consider his future in the game .
" My chance passed .
I had my possibility and I could n't take advantage of it .
When the team needed goals I could n't provide them , " Tevez said .
" So it 's logical that other lads should be in front of me , " he added of players such as Gonzalo Higuain , now the coach Diego Maradona 's first choice as central striker .
Tevez , speaking in Madrid where Maradona 's team face Spain in a friendly tomorrow , said retirement had crossed his mind .
" It 's complicated , there 's my family , the desire to return to Boca Juniors , but I think about it .
It crosses my mind to hang up my boots if we win the World Cup , although I have a contract [ with Manchester City ] until 2014 , " he said .
" I'm a bit tired of so much football , so much football .
I want to enjoy my family a bit .
I 'm very keen to stop and get a bit of calm .
I 've already won a lot .
Living for football has saturated me . "
Tevez has been voted South American footballer of the year three times in a row , winning the Libertadores Cup and the world club title with Boca in 2003 , the Brazilian league title with Corinthians in 2005 and an Olympic gold medal with Argentina in 2004 .
He helped West Ham avoid relegation in 2007 and Manchester United lift two Premier League titles and be crowned European and world club champions .
Tevez , who last month said he sometimes wanted to quit the national team , added that he got fed up with criticism of Maradona 's side as they struggled in the World Cup qualifiers .
" We were criticised a lot , sometimes rightly so , but to have people say we did n't play well because of the money or we do n't love the [ Argentina ] shirt , do n't sing the national anthem , there 's a lot of ill will , " Tevez said .
Attention : Newcomers to Mollio ...
Mollio launched in early 2006 , which is a long time in internet time .
Since then Microsoft has launched IE7 , which exposed a few rendering problems that the Mollio dropdown navigation had .
We think Mollio is still a useful , basic , starting point for website layout , but we 'd suggest you check out some of the many other CSS template and framework initiatives that have popped up since Mollio was created , and continue to be updated , like : Twitter 's Bootstrap Framework
Blueprint CSS Framework
Yahoo YUI CSS Grids
What is Mollio ?
Mollio is a simple set of html / css templates .
The aim was to create a set of page templates that use css for layout as well as some sample basic content which has also had some css applied .
More sample content and layouts are planned to be added .
Get involved , suggest & contribute ideas via the Mollio Google Group .
So enough of the chit chat , what are you talking about ?
Can I get all those files as a zipped archive ?
Sure can :
What about the photoshop source files ?
We 've used Photoshop CS2 to create these - so you may or may not need that version to open these ...
Can I use it on my own project ?
Our hope is to make Mollio templates and their derivatives as universal as possible .
In order to help those creating derivative works of Mollio we 've agreed to release the templates under three different licenses ; Creative Commons , GPL and CPL .
As a creator of a derivative work you simply need to choose the license that suits your project .
If you have no idea about licensing or want to know nothing about licensing then you are after the Creative Commons license .
Essentially you can do what you like as long as you keep the attribution in the HTML - basically a link to Mollio saying where it all began .
Who made it ?
Pete Ottery , while working at a web development company in Sydney called Daemon .
Why ?
Daemon built an open source CMS called FarCry and then created this skin to use as a default install skin when creating a site .
We figured the html /css would be helpful to use in its own right , so even if you are not using FarCry you might find it useful .
Is there any support or help provided ?
Theres a very basic styleguide linked above which details how the page templates are structured .
Beyond that , join the Mollio Google Group & ask questions .
The History of updates
Version 1.1 added another layout , a " type F " .
basically the same as Type C but the left and right columns swapped added partial support for Mac IE5 .
the css now has a set ( fixed ) width you can define ( set at 10em in Mollio ) for those top horizontal nav items .
other browsers get a width : auto the licenses its released under have been updated .
now CC , GPL & CPL .
All the detail you could ever want to know is linked above .
Copyright © 2006 - 2013 Daemon Internet Consultants
