The Democrats ’ second ranking senator on Thursday bemoaned Republicans ’ attempts to stall and derail the Democratic agenda , saying they had been able to cast protest votes “ with impunity ” and positing that Republican tactics were almost treasonous .
Speaking to reporters , including one at The Hill , Sen. Dick Durbin ( D - IL ) said his party ’s members would face public wrath if they used Republicans ’
Senate tactics .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Some of the votes [ Republicans ] cast — we would be on trial for treason if we had voted against defense appropriations in the midst of a war , ” he told reporters on his way to the Senate chamber .
Durbin was referring to GOP members who tried to block the defense bill out of concern that a hate crimes bill was attached to it .
“ They did it with impunity , ” Durbin lamented .
But Durbin on Thursday [ said ] the idea that Democrats ought to let legislation fail in order to prove that Republicans are to blame for stalled reforms [ was unwise ] .
“ If we do n’t have 59 votes , and that is a requirement [ to pass legislation ] , we ’re not letting them fail , ” Durbin said , suggesting it was not Democrats who were responsible for any delays .
Durbin is the party ’s Democratic whip , responsible for corralling votes on important legislative issues .
Democrats are in political hot water after losing a sixtieth vote in the Senate which has prevented them from moving forward on health care reform legislation .
Polynomial Cointegration Tests of the Anthropogenic Theory of Global Warming
Michael Beenstock and Yaniv Reingewertz – Department of Economics , The Hebrew University , Mount Scopus , Israel .
Abstract :
We use statistical methods designed for nonstationary time series to test the anthropogenic theory of global warming ( AGW ) .
This theory predicts that an increase in atmospheric greenhouse gas concentrations increases global temperature permanently .
Specifically , the methodology of polynomial cointegration is used to test AGW when global temperature and solar irradiance are stationary in 1st differences , whereas greenhouse gas forcings ( CO2 , CH4 and N2O ) are stationary in 2nd differences .
We show that although greenhouse gas forcings share a common stochastic trend , this trend is empirically independent of the stochastic trend in temperature and solar irradiance .
Therefore , greenhouse gas forcings , global temperature and solar irradiance are not polynomially cointegrated , and AGW is refuted .
Although we reject AGW , we find that greenhouse gas forcings have a temporary effect on global temperature .
Because the greenhouse effect is temporary rather than permanent , predictions of significant global warming in the 21st century by IPCC are not supported by the data .
Paper here ( PDF )
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
The US media largely ignores Tony Blair 's evidence to the Chilcot inquiry , because Americans have lost interest in Iraq
Since the Chilcot inquiry discussed details of President Bush 's thinking before the invasion of Iraq , you might assume that Tony Blair 's appearance today would get wide coverage in the US media .
But no .
There has been some coverage , of course : both the New York Times and NPR have given Blair 's testimony detailed analysis .
But otherwise , both mainstream outlets and the blogosphere have had little to say .
It 's not because Americans are insular .
In fact , Blair is one of the two living British politicians – the other being Margaret Thatcher – that most Americans can identify .
The real reason is that the US public tuned out from the war in Iraq several years ago and show no sign of regaining any interest .
When separated from the " war on terror " , the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have slid way down the US public 's list of pressing issues – with the state of the economy firmly in first place .
A CNN poll this week showed " the situartion in Iraq " ranked eighth on a list of priorities for voters , behind the economy , unemployment , terrorism , the budget deficit , healthcare , education and the situation in Afghanistan .
The lack of interest spans both political wings .
The Huffington Post website and Fox News cable channel found time to discuss comments by Argentine president Christine Kirchner that " pork consumption improves sexual activity ... some nicely grilled pork is much more gratifying than taking Viagra " , but both devoted little time to Blair 's remarks .
Fox showed a brief clip of the demonstrations outside the inquiry , while the HuffPost buried Blair deep on its front page , below " Bill Gates Mocks Berlusconi's Hair Transplant " .
In fairness it 's a busy news day in the US : the latest economic data showed an unusual burst of growth , and Scott Roeder , the anti-abortion activist who murdered Dr George Tiller , was convicted , as well as President Obama holding a televised meeting with Republicans .
The Wall Street Journal live - blogged the whole Blair event , while CNN 's website – the most widely - read news site in the US – got its coverage on its front page , under the headline " Blair : I believed 45 - minute weapons claim ' beyond doubt ' " .
There was good coverage on Firedoglake , the anti-war progressive blog , which panned Blair 's testimony under the title The Poodle 's Prevarications :
taxil may be dead , but his hoax lives on
Even more than a century after Taxil exposed his revelations about our shadowy Satanic overlords as nothing more than a hoax played on the Catholic Church , conspiracy theorists have been recycling it without a second thought .
Illustration by Coke Navarro
You would think that after the legendary Leo Taxil hoax which managed to endure and become the backbone of most modern conspiracy theories , bloggers would n’t either fall for the same exact thing , or try to recreate it .
Then again , in the world of conspiracies , every hoax or tall tale is just a suppressed truth just struggling to get out and even if a particular line of evidence has been debunked by just about everyone , including their friends ’ pet goldfish , it ’s still fair game with enough layers of supposed cover - ups layered on top .
And it ’s in this spirit that a French blog presents the confessions of an anonymous Illuminati defector which follow so closely in Taxil ’s footsteps , you can practically hear this detailed and graphic post stepping on the dead writer ’s heels .
One of the biggest questions about the Illuminati conspiracies is why they seem to be so popular and find the kind of audience willing to accept the notion that the world is ruled by mysterious , sinister forces .
I suppose a vast , organized New World Order pulling strings in the background may be slightly easier to stomach than the idea that today ’s big problems are caused by mediocre governing and short - sightedness of politicians along with bad decisions by those in charge of banks and government committees .
At least with nefarious agendas you do n’t have to worry about random bouts of mistakes sending us spiraling into war or economic turmoil .
If something bad happens , you know it was planned this way by the Illuminati to further their worldwide control .
Forget disease outbreaks which experts warned would happen for years , greedy banks plunging economies into chaos and demanding bailouts , acts of terrorism , and spectacular human achievements which could have redefined the future of our entire species .
Everything can be tied together and explained as the plans of a hidden order bent on dominating the planet and in those plans lie all the answers to human history .
This round of supposed confessions from an Illuminati defector follows the tradition of attributing all events to those mysterious plans by the shadow government .
The text does n’t get too exotic and it ’s more along the line of Jim Marrs ’ global Nazi conspiracy potboiler than David Icke ’s race of alien lizards controlling the human population with vaccines .
Apparently the Illuminati are Satanists with a heavy Occult bent , loathe Israel and in their white supremacist leadership their Jewish members are looked down upon .
And as always , they occupy the boards of banks , high positions in the government and are just waiting to destroy social order as we know it to instill a military takeover of the planet and reshape it in their image .
Why they would want to deal with a big mess on their hands and take over using military power instead of international trade unions and using a very quiet and widely accepted phenomenon of globalization to calmly connect the world and reshape cultures is a mystery to me .
Are n’t bloodless takeovers much less expensive and far more politically advantageous ?
That ’s one of the biggest reasons why most Illuminati theories smack of outright fear - mongering to me .
The plans of those supposedly wise secret rulers of the world seem too strenuous and overcomplicated .
Of course since shock and fear are the kind of reactions conspiracy theorists seek , there ’s a very graphic and disturbing description of how the Illuminati train children by putting them in cages and electrocuting them until they ’re ready to kill on command to avoid the torture .
There are declarations that Satanic ritual abuse is being ignored by the media staffed by journalists handpicked and appointed by the Illuminati .
There are descriptions of how the United States is divided into seven military zones for future conquest .
There are references to quite a few dark documents constantly being discussed on InfoWars , Prison Planet and Above Top Secret as being ignored by Illuminati agents in the media .
And finally , there ’s a declaration that the UN is being used as a tool to rob nations of their independence in a way highly reminiscent of radical right wing conspiracies which paint the UN as using the climate change issue to conquer the world with laws and taxes which it would be able to collect by some mysterious means which seem to be missing from today ’s international law and could be ignored quite safely if your nation chooses not to agree to them .
Basically , this is the more conservative tale of the Illuminati in contrast to the more liberal take on the Freemasons by Taxil well over a century ago .
It seems odd that the real Illuminati of history actually did n’t do anything before going their separate ways and there are far more tenuous links between the Freemasons and the American Revolution than of the Illuminati to just about any event outside of a Dan Brown novel , but yet , the name Illuminati still endures despite lacking any serious evidence of any concrete actions taken by them in the last 400 years .
Even exaggerated stories or historical anecdotes which imply that membership in a group means that a person ’s actions must be in strict accordance to the group ’s desires , are very difficult to come by when looking into the history of their mythos .
It seems that once you find a splashy enough name to use for a cabal of secretive world leaders the facts of the matter are no longer important and considering that New World Order conspiracies have been thrown around since the Inquisition , they , and the Taxil - esque confessions from the Orders ’ supposed defectors , are n’t going away anytime soon .
In fact , they seem to spread like a virus with every major , groundbreaking event .
This is pretty classic .
A week ago GOP Rep. Jeb Hensarling ( TX ) was telling Chris Matthews about the glories of the House Republicans ’ draft 2010 budget , filled with plans to cut and privatize Social Security and abolish Medicare .
But as news began to spread this week about the draft plan prepared by chief House Republican budgeteer Rep. Paul Ryan ( R - WI ) , the Republican leadership , especially Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - OH ) started acting like they barely knew anything about it .
That brings us up to today , when Republicans sent Rep .
Hensarling to give the response to the president ’s Saturday radio address .
So what he say about the draft Ryan plan ?
Not much .
Hensarling for some reason used the whole time to talk about House Republicans ’ 2009 budget .
In other words , an outline plan from last year about the year that already happened and was actually panned at the time for not including any details and even including a lot of fake charts .
So what ’s the deal ?
The House GOP is getting behind a budget which calls for partial abolition of Social Security and full abolition of Medicare .
And they ’re on the air talking about last year ’s budget ?
Maybe Obama should talk about the Clinton surpluses ?
What ’s the big need to hide what they ’re actually proposing for next year ?
Some more interesting data coming from Gallup .
First , president Obama is back to 51 - 41 , gaining 5 points spread over the weekend .
*
As for Democrats , still no reason to panic .
Cautious , yes , but the panic generated by the MSM is way over the top .
*
*
These results are based on aggregated data from Gallup Daily tracking in 2009 , including interviews with more than 350,000 adults in all 50 states plus the District of Columbia .
Gallup conducted at least 1,000 interviews in every state except Wyoming ( 878 ) , North Dakota ( 968 ) , Delaware ( 997 ) , and the District of Columbia ( 632 ) .
Gallup interviewed more than 20,000 residents each in California , Texas , New York , and Pennsylvania .
Nationwide , party support shifted in a slightly more Republican direction in 2009 after a historically strong Democratic year in 2008 .
Overall , 49 % of Americans in 2009 identified as Democrats or said they were independent but leaned to the Democratic Party , while 41 % identified as Republicans or were Republican - leaning independents .
That 8 - point Democratic advantage compares to a 12 - point , 52 % to 40 % , Democratic advantage in 2008 .
Thus , even with the reduction in Democratic strength , the party still maintained a solid advantage over the Republicans nationally last year .
It follows , then , that most states continued to be Democratic in their political orientation .
You can see much more in this interactive map .
*
*
*
*************************************************************************
*
*
*
If the Democrats had any brain , they would post these charts , provided by Nancy Pelosi , on billboards throughout the country .
You can't get a more clear message ( More charts , mainly health care related , behind the link ) :
*
*
*
*
*
*
**************************************************************************
*
*
*
Photos , mostly from the awesome bakery of Pete Souza .
Please do n't hotlink .
*
*
* The* White House :
*
*
*************************************************************************
President Barack Obama stands in the Outer Oval Office , viewed from the Cabinet Room of the White House , Jan. 7 , 2010 .
( Official White House Photo by Pete Souza )
President Barack Obama and Secretary of Education Arne Duncan speak to 6th grade students at Graham Road Elementary School in Falls Church , Va. , Jan. 19 , 2010 .
( Official White House Photo by Pete Souza )
President Barack Obama confers with Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass. ) after making remarks on financial reform in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House , Jan. 21 , 2010 .
( Official White House Photo by Pete Souza )
Patrons at Smitty 's restaurant in in Elryia , Ohio take pictures of President Barack Obama who made an unscheduled stop for lunch there with Elryia mayor William " Bill " Grace , Jan. 22 , 2010 .
( Official White House Photo by Pete Souza )
President Barack Obama is greeted by students while touring the Wind Turbine Manufacturing and Fab Lab at Lorain County Community College , Elyria , Ohio , Jan. 22 , 2010 .
( Official White House Photo by Pete Souza )
President Barack Obama prepares for his State of the Union speech with Director of Speechwriting Jon Favreau and Ben Rhodes , Deputy National Security Advisor for Strategic Communications , in the Oval Office , Jan. 25 , 2010 .
( Official White House Photo by Pete Souza )
President Barack Obama shoots hoops with his personal aide , Reggie Love , at the White House basketball court , Jan. 18 , 2010 .
( Official White House Photo by Pete Souza )
US President Barack Obama addresses the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) at their annual Winter Meeting in Washington , February 6 , 2010 .
AFP PHOTO / Chris KLEPONIS
President Barack Obama greets a young visitor in the Oval Office , Feb. 5 , 2010 .
( Official White House Photo by Pete Souza )
**************************************************************************
Congrats , Saints !
Love is all you need . :)
When I was told that I ’d be sitting down with LEGO for a product briefing about LEGO Universe , I was a bit unsure of what to expect .
I knew they ’d been developing a subscription - based MMO , but with LEGO such a significant fixture within the youth demographic , I wondered how they would tackle a gaming niche currently monopolized by franchises like “ World of Warcraft ” which cater to an older player base .
There has been a recent trend of kid-friendly MMOs–such as Sony ’s “ Free Realms ” – which attempt to appeal to the younger crowd .
The majority of those , however , have been free to play–so I was curious to learn more about LEGO ’s content and target demographic , and how that would differentiate them .
I was absolutely delighted with the answers I found .
At first glance , the game has a relatively simplistic structure .
The premise is that a dark maelstrom wreaks havok in the world of LEGO and slowly begins to taint the denizens and environment .
This can only be combatted with imagination–it is essentially symbolic of bad ideas and mental stagnation vs. creativity .
This theme is cute enough to appeal to a younger audience , but also relatable enough to be relevant to older fans .
The gameplay is instance - based and allows for solo exploration and questing if desired , but also strongly encourages cooperation .
There is an automated prioritization in the instance grouping process so that people in friends lists are preferred to strangers for parties .
LEGO Universe does not adhere to a leveling system , but instead focuses on a staggering amount of unlockable achievements .
Stats are strictly gear - based improvements–and there is a dizzying amount of gear to be earned with the promise of constant additions to the game content .
I asked the developers if there was going to be any PvP aspect to the game , and the response was that it was primarily PvE based , but that users will have the ability to create whatever content they so desire–and here is where it starts getting interesting .
There is an enormous opportunity for customization within the game .
LEGO has referenced over 80,000 official building pieces from their archives for the game library .
There are a number of ways to unlock these pieces , and a variety of ways in which users may interact with them .
Each player has an “ imagination ” bar which is basically their mana , and this allows them to create anything from an impromptu bridge to cross a chasm to elaborate buildings .
In one example we saw , players were even capable of rebuilding enemies once defeated , which turned them into turrets to aid you in combat .
The only stipulation is that user - created design content must be initially approved before being viewable in - game , but this is done on a nearly real - time basis by proprietary technology as well as an actual human moderation team .
In a brilliant marketing move , LEGO has also decided to offer players the option of being able to purchase their own creations via tie-ins with the Lego Factory system .
Additionally , Lego has implemented a system of behaviors that users may assign to their creations .
The interface for this feature is extremely simple and self - explanatory , and reminds me of what image - based HTML coding would look like .
Players may string together any number of behaviors in sequence ( i.e. jump , rotate , etc. ) to suit their purposes .
Behaviors can also be applied to buildings , which goes back to my PvP mention–users have the ability to make them permanent or damageable .
I ’d like to take a second to elaborate on the implications of this :
Players can create their own instances and maps , similar to the “ Unreal Tournament ” or “ Warcraft 3 ” engines .
This aspect is probably the most significant in the game for me , since it is what broadens the appeal and allows for it to have potential beyond just a children ’s LEGO adventure .
The only thing that I found lacking was the lack of a difficulty mode toggle .
While the user - based maps will allow for a good degree of customization , the base PvE content may still feel too juvenile for the more mature end of the player spectrum .
I could probably ramble on for a few more paragraphs about the fantastic assortment of minigames available , or the adorable subtleties of the animations , or the pets and their respective skills and utilities ( they can even help you find treasure ! ) .
However , I think I ’ll conclude by asserting that LEGO truly has a winner on their hands –this game will be a phenomenal joy to both the young and the young at heart .
Jan 13 - The following list shows the status of new coal - fired power plant projects in Germany , which are the focus of environmentalists campaigning against climate - harming carbon emissions from the coal - to - power generation process .
Plants in locations listed here in alphabetical order have attracted opposition on environmental and health grounds , or because local people fear the impact on landscapes and tourism .
Latest updates are marked ***
BERLIN
Vattenfall Europe has decided to base replacements of a heat plant on gas and biomass rather than hard coal .
BRUNSBUETTEL
Environmental groups BUND and DUH criticize plans by GDF Suez to build a plant at Brunsbuettel by 2012 .
DATTELN
The state government in North - Rhine Westphalia on December 9 changed planning laws with view to allowing a reassessment of E.ON ’s construction of the 1,050 MW Datteln plant which a court had ruled may clash with local interests .
Original parts of a partial block on construction were lifted but it remains arguable if the 1.2 billion euro ( $ 1.73 billion ) project -- over half of which has been completed -- can go ahead for a start by 2011 .
DOERPEN
EnBW and junior partner Switzerland ’s BKW abandoned a plan for a coal plant by 2015 , saying they could not place a contract for the heat from a combined heat - and - power plant design , after local buyers said they preferred gas .
DUESSELDORF
The city utility has put off plans for a new 400 MW coal block at Lausward and is exploring alternatives including gas .
EMDEN
Denmark ’s Dong in October gave up a plan for an 850 MW coal plant at Emden in East Frisia , citing the finance crisis .
HAMBURG -MOORBURG
Vattenfall Europe tries to ease tough environmental conditions for a plant project .
HERNE
A court has rejected a suit brought by environmentalists against new capacity at Evonik ’s existing generation site although the plans for the extra 750 MW were put on hold in early 2008 , with no signs of change in the meantime .
HUERTH
RWE has put off plans for its first commercial size ( 450 MW ) plant project using carbon capture and storage .
KIEL
Plans for a project to replace an existing nearly 40 - year old coal block were shelved by city utility and partner E.ON .
KREFELD ***
Local utility network Trianel , which is building a 750 MW coal plant at Luenen , says it hopes to get the approval for another one at Krefeld in January 2010 and to start building in the fourth quarter .
LUBMIN ***
Danish state company Dong has pulled out of plans for a 1,600 MW plant in Lubmin on the Baltic Sea in Germany for 2012 , citing lack of political support .
[ ID : nDKT004778 ]
The project company is looking for new investors .
MAINZ -WIESBADEN
A new local ruling coalition has officially shelved for good a plan for a new 800 MW hard - coal fired plant on the banks of the Rhine for 2014 .
This follows a long battle over the plant .
MANNHEIM ***
Utility MVV and its power plant unit GKM have all necessary permissions for a coal unit for start up in 2013 .
The World Wildlife Fund has sent a complaint to the European Commission saying the approval procedure was faulty and should have required carbon sequestration and storage .
STADE
Dow Deutschland and EnBW abandoned a plan to build a plant at the Dow site in North Germany .
Separately , GDF Suez and E.ON are each pursuing projects of their own there .
STAUDINGER 6
Public hearings are on for objections to a big controversial block to be built by E.ON at Hanau near Frankfurt by 2013 .
( Promoted from the diaries - SusanG )
" Irrational . " " Hypersensitive . "
" Overreacting . " " Hysterical . "
Women recognize these words all too well .
They 're put - downs many of them have had thrown at them all their lives anytime they raise issues about their treatment in relationships , school , the workplace or society at large .
These words and others of similar ilk have found their way into diaries and comments here at Daily Kos yesterday and today around the abomination known as the Stupak - Pitts Amendment .
Calm down , little lady , is the tone .
Get real .
Be adults .
Doncha know how politics really works ?
Pffffffft .
Many of these sexist critiques are then followed up by a distortion of the Stupak - Pitts Amendment itself , all of which amounts to the view that this is no big deal , that it does nothing more than the Hyde Amendment , the sexist , classist abomination that has been on the books in one form or another since 1976 .
In fact , as mcjoan pointed out earlier today , the Stupak - Pitts coathanger amendment goes a good deal further than Hyde .
So besides engaging in put - downs , the patronizers have it dead wrong .
This is n't a tempest in a teapot .
It matters .
And it matters big time , as at least 40 members of Congress led by Colorado Rep. Diana DeGette have made pretty damn clear .
If the Democratic leadership does n't come to grips with this , they 're heading the party for big trouble next November , an election month that already may be a difficult time for the party given the state of an economy that may be getting better on paper but is , at best , many months away from even beginning to trickle down to where people actually live their lives .
Even those who are n't willing to back off from their cries of " irrational " and " too much emo " ought to recognize the anti-utilitarian nature of their views that Stupak - Pitts is a no-consequence blip .
Money , organizing time , phone bank participation , precinct walking and , on election day , votes are going to be in much shorter supply in November than would otherwise be the case unless something is done to strip this amendment in the Senate - House conference .
Right now , the prospects for that are dicey .
About five minutes after the Supreme Court ruled in Roe v. Wade , the anti-abortion forces began a war on the rights confirmed by that decision .
But their molester - enabling , coathanger - selling , health - shattering , woman - hating , forced - pregnancy campaign was two - pronged , a direct assault but also an asymmetrical war , a nibble here , a nibble there .
And at every step of the way , some people who claimed they were pro-choice said that this little nibble or that little nibble was n't such a big deal .
It only affected a small group of people or it was only the case rarely , we were told .
The activists who challenged these nibbles were characterized as " hypersensitive , " " irrational , " and " over - reacting . "
Not by their enemies .
But by their supposed allies .
Over the decades , while engaging in a campaign of intimidation , harassment and murder , the anti-abortion movement has managed , nibble by nibble , to get ever - more restrictive legislation into place .
Ultimately , the right of affluent women to obtain an abortion has n't been much affected - except in the case of late - term procedures .
But affluent women always had options even when abortion was illegal in every state .
They could fly to Puerto Rico or Japan and get a safe abortion there without having to risk potentially lethal chemicals or abortions at the hands of unlicensed doctors or other providers operating on somebody 's kitchen table in less than sterile conditions .
Thanks to Hyde , low - income women in most states are still at a disadvantage when it comes to getting an abortion .
Stupak - Pitts , if it survives the conference process , will not only reinforce this classist attack on women , it will also broaden it .
Being ferociously opposed to it is , therefore , not irrational or hypersensitive or over - reactive .
It 's called standing up for progressive values .
Thirty - six years ago , just a couple of months after Roe v. Wade was decided , Dr. Bob MacFarland and 14 more of us got together in Boulder County , Colorado , to set up the Boulder Valley Clinic , now the Boulder Valley Women 's Health Clinic .
It was the state 's first standalone abortion clinic , and one of the first nonprofit abortion clinics in the United States .
We came from various walks of life - physicians , a nurse , two lawyers , a journalist , a professor , a librarian , a minister , two graduate students .
Three of us were Republican women , veteran volunteers of Planned Parenthood .
Our common goal : to provide women with a place to obtain the safe abortions the Supreme Court had ruled was their constitutional right .
Abortion foes attacked us immediately , incessantly , from the Op - Ed pages of the local newspapers to the halls of the state legislature .
Some legislators and city councilmembers , numerous doctors , and , of course , fanatics of the not - yet - named " right - to - life " community did their worst to shut us down .
We were slandered and libeled repeatedly .
Aborted fetuses , it was ridiculously claimed , were being dumped in cans in the alley behind the clinic , to be hauled away once a week by garbage trucks .
Every member of the board received phoned and written death threats .
Tires were slashed .
Rocks were thrown through windows .
Graffiti was sprayed .
In early 1975 , the clinic was the first of scores in the nation to be fire - bombed , with a Molotov cocktail .
The terrorists struck at night , and either through bad aim or some other miscalculation in the darkness , set our garage on fire , which was quickly extinguished .
Many a day one or more of us stood sentinel while sometimes aggressive foes of the clinic picketed , shouted Bible verses or epithets at patients and staff , or jostled and grabbed women in an attempt to persuade or intimidate them not to follow through on the choice they had made .
We filled out dozens of police - incident reports .
Across the nation , similar tactics were adopted .
And far worse , of course , as abortion providers were gunned down , just as Dr. George Tiller was last May .
The only doctor who openly does late - term abortions now wo n't sit in a window with the shades open because he 's been threatened by some fanatic who told him a bulletproof vest wo n't do any good because his killer will aim for a head shot .
Over time the number of America 's hospitals that perform abortions has dropped to less than 10 % and the percentage of counties with abortion providers has dropped to 13 % .
In the past decade , nearly 500 state laws have been enacted to restrict choice .
Every state has passed at least one such law .
More than 2800 abortion - restricting bills have been introduced at the state level , and more than 200 have passed .
For those who might suggest this is one of those damned " social issues " that gets the Democrats in trouble on election day , let 's not forget that it 's at its core a class war , as Stupak - Pitts makes quite clear .
Affluent women will always find a way to find a safe and legal abortion .
Insurance or no insurance .
Stupak - Pitts may only be another nibble , but it is the cumulative effect that matters .
Eventually , lots of little nibbles equal the entire pie .
Those who say our vigorous , uncompromising opposition to it is an irrational overreaction ought to be ashamed of themselves .
Body scanners will be introduced at Australian international airports next year as part of a $ 200 million Federal Government plan to boost security .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said the measures were recommended to the Government in the wake of the Christmas Day terrorism attack , when a man allegedly attempted to set off a bomb on a flight to Detroit in the US .
The body scanners will be rolled out at international airports from next year to screen travellers departing from Australia .
" The Government 's priority is to maximise the safety and security of Australians and the Australian travelling public , " Mr Rudd said .
Transport Minister Anthony Albanese acknowledged there were privacy fears surrounding the use of body scanners because they produce " near naked " images of passengers .
He said the Privacy Commissioner would be involved in the rollout .
" Body scanners are the best technology that is there to identify an item getting onto an aircraft , such as that that occurred on December 25 , " he said .
Other measures to be implemented include more training for security screening staff , increasing the number of explosive detection dogs , and putting more Australian officers at " last port of call " locations to Australia .
Over $ 50 million will also be spent to install cargo X - ray screening and explosive trace detection technology and about $ 11 million will be spent on better identifying visa applicants who could pose a security risk .
The Opposition 's transport spokesman , Warren Truss , said he would seek more details from the Government about how it will address the privacy concerns associated with the full body scanners .
" They are real concerns and I can understand how members of the public would be anxious about going through one of these new machines , " he said .
" On the other hand , travelling safe is a priority . "
Aspartame Case History
Age : 54 ;
Gender : Female ;
Aspartame Consumption : I started in April 2009 ;
Health symptoms started after consuming aspartame : Yes ;
Diet Products Used : Always in yogurt and Diet Pepsi in moderate amounts .
In April , I started drinking Crystal Lite iced tea in large amounts ;
Do you use Equal : No ;
Do your children use aspartame : No ;
Are you aware of products not labeled sugar - free : No ;
May we include your case history on website : Yes ;
Do you want your information anonymous : Yes .
Comments :
In April of 2009 , I started drinking large amounts of Crystal Lite iced tea .
In May of 2009 , I started having neurological problems ( seizure like ) where I would become very lethargic and go in and out of consciousness .
My limbs would become very limp , and I would be extremely tired afterwards .
I had nine of these occur over a 4 - month period , and I had many , many medical tests done , but with no findings .
I heard about aspartame side effects , and I read your articles .
I stopped all products with aspartame on July 24 , 2009 and as of August 24 , 2009 , I have not had any more episodes .
From Dr. Hull :
Thank you for writing .
You can now regain good health !
As soon as you avoided ALL diet chemicals , your health restored .
Good for you !
Now , take a good multi-vitamin and a vitamin C every day to replace what nutrients the diet chemicals have robbed from your body .
Drink mostly water and eat real foods ; smaller portions throughout the day will satisfy you and you will not gain any weight .
Actually , the diet drinks make the body hang on to weight in the long run .
Sadly , the only way we can beat the system is to do what we are all doing - reaching out in every way that we can to help get the warning out to those who are unaware of this health issue .
You obviously could not get the medical help you needed , and that was advice from your doctor to stop using the diet products .
This sugar - free fad is worth so much money and has so much control over those who think that they need these unnatural sweeteners .
This is seen in everyday marketing campaigns .
It 's going to take every one of us to keep driving the truth forward , even if one person at a time .
Keep up the good work , and thank you for your participation in helping others by writing me .
Those around you will see that you got well because you eliminated the cause of your recent health trauma .
Do n't worry about what your doc says , either - the AMA is way behind the times concerning this issue .
They took your money and you did n't get a darn thing for it .
Turns out that YOU know best !!!!!
The best in health .
Posted January 2010 | Permanent Link
Visit Dr. Hull 's Websites & Online Programs
Other Articles In This Category
It ’s been a busy week for browser vendors .
Microsoft has been busy patching IE , Mozilla released Firefox 3.6 , and now Google has produced Chrome 4.0 .
The browser is available from the Chrome website or you can update an existing installation by clicking the tool icon , selecting About Google Chrome , and following the update instructions .
Chrome ’s come a long way since it was introduced in October 2008 .
The browser has grabbed more than 5 % of the global market share and it ’s already in its fourth edition .
Although Google has a reputation for keeping products in a long - term beta phase , Chrome version number increases every five months on average .
The cynic in me thinks it ’s a marketing ploy to overtake Firefox and catch up with Safari .
But does anyone care about browser version numbers ?
Cosmetically , little has changed between Chrome 3 and 4 .
The browser has retained its clean , minimal interface and its reputation for speed .
There are two major new features :
1. Bookmark Synchronization
If you ’ve got a Google Account ( who has n’t ? ) , Chrome will upload your bookmarks to the web .
You can access them via a Google Docs folder or synchronize them with any other installation of the browser .
As far as I ’m aware , Chrome ’s the first browser to offer this facility without a plugin .
2. Extensions
Extensions were supported in version 3 but you needed to add a command line parameter to the Chrome shortcut .
Version 4 enables extensions for everyone and almost 2,000 are available from https://chrome.google.com/extensions.
Chrome does not have the same quantity or quality of add - ons offered by Firefox , but I suspect it may lure some users away from Mozilla ’s browser .
However , there are relatively few extensions for developers ; possibly because Chrome does not offer the same level of integration enjoyed by Firefox add - on coders .
Other goodies to watch out for :
Improved HTML5 support .
Full 100/100 ACID3 pass .
Chrome now matches Safari and Opera . Firefox 3.6 scores 94/100 and IE 8.0 … 20/100 .
Performance improvements in all areas .
I like Chrome .
It ’s a great if you ’re surfing the web or using online applications and need a fast , stable browser .
In my opinion , Firefox still offers a better all - round experience for power users and developers , but Chrome is catching up fast .
it appears that Google does n't like the AGPL .
Weird .
Not so weird .
A heap of Google 's infrastructure is built by taking open source code ( MySQL , Linux , SVN , etc ) and running it as a service without releasing their changes back into the wild .
The purpose of the AGPL is to protect against that kind of model , so Google does n't like the AGPL .
That 's why I put all my projects on bitbucket and / or sourceforge rather than google code .
But , back on the main topic , big thanks to Dworkin for releasing the code to 1.4 under such a license .
It 's a pity that the code for DGDMP wo n't make it out of the homestead , but I totally understand your reasons .
Veterancreator , former NCsoft designer and recent astronaut Richard Garriott has revealed what he's on to next : Facebook games .
According to Venturebeat , Garriott has founded Portalarium , a new company that , in its own words , is focused on " bringing premium games to the social web " .
He says he sees the same kind of opportunity in social gaming as he saw at the emergence of massively multiplayer gaming .
" I feel extraordinarily lucky to have been born at the right time to start the wave of game development in the 1970s , " says Garriott .
" I felt I had a second once - in - a - lifetime opportunity to be a significant figure in the emergence of massively multiplayer gaming .
It was the fastest growing piece of the game industry in the last 10 years . "
" I think that I am fortunate for a third once - in - a lifetime opportunity in social media , " he adds .
Although the company 's first game is , a social poker title developed by an external developer , Portalarium 's first project will actually be a browser plug - in , the Portalarium Player , that effectively creates a gaming platform within social networks .
On competing with market - dominant gaming firms like Zynga , Garriott acknowledges it'll be tough thanks to all the funding they 've got behind them , but he also says he feels existing social games are fairly crude and suffer from quality issues .
" I fundamentally believe that quality rules the day .
There is no question that us old fogies in the industry have learned some very important lessons that are sorely needed in the social gaming space , " he says .
In a formal statement announcing Portalarium , he said : " The Portalarium mission is exactly what I want to be doing next in games .
This really takes me back to my roots in the game business - small development teams , low barriers to entry , affordable budgets for quality projects , and unlimited new interactive frontiers to explore together with our customers . "
About the author :
Tom is a huge tech and gadget geek with a broad range of interests including travel , art and design .
Much of his time is spent blogging on CreativeCloud but he also enjoys writing for other blogs in the design niche .
NEW YORK -- As grim accounts of the earthquake in Haiti came in , the accounts in U.S. - controlled state media all carried the same descriptive sentence : " Haiti is the poorest country in the Western hemisphere ... "
Gee , I wonder how that happened ?
You 'd think Haiti would be loaded .
After all , it made a lot of people rich .
How did Haiti get so poor ?
Despite a century of American colonialism , occupation , and propping up corrupt dictators ?
Even though the CIA staged coups d'état against every democratically elected president they ever had ?
It 's an important question .
An earthquake is n't just an earthquake .
The same 7.0 tremor hitting San Francisco would n't kill nearly as many people as in Port - au - Prince .
" Looking at the pictures , essentially it looks as if ( the buildings are of ) breezeblock or cinderblock construction , and what you need in an earthquake zone is metal bars that connect the blocks so that they stay together when they get shaken , " notes Sandy Steacey , director of the Environmental Science Research Institute at the University of Ulster in Northern Ireland .
" In a wealthy country with good seismic building codes that are enforced , you would have some damage , but not very much . "
When a pile of cinderblocks falls on you , your odds of survival are long .
Even if you miraculously survive , a poor country like Haiti does n't have the equipment , communications infrastructure or emergency service personnel to pull you out of the rubble in time .
And if your neighbors get you out , there 's no ambulance to take you to the hospital - - or doctor to treat you once you get there .
Earthquakes are random events .
How many people they kill is predetermined .
In Haiti this week , do n't blame tectonic plates .
Ninety - nine percent of the death toll is attributable to poverty .
So the question is relevant .
How'd Haiti become so poor ?
The story begins in 1910 , when a U.S. State Department - National City Bank of New York ( now called Citibank ) consortium bought the Banque National d'Haïti-- Haiti's only commercial bank and its national treasury -- in effect transferring Haiti 's debts to the Americans .
Five years later , President Woodrow Wilson ordered troops to occupy the country in order to keep tabs on " our " investment .
From 1915 to 1934 , the U.S. Marines imposed harsh military occupation , murdered Haitians patriots and diverted 40 percent of Haiti 's gross domestic product to U.S. bankers .
Haitians were banned from government jobs .
Ambitious Haitians were shunted into the puppet military , setting the stage for a half - century of U.S. - backed military dictatorship .
The U.S. kept control of Haiti 's finances until 1947 .
Still - - why should Haitians complain ?
Sure , we stole 40 percent of Haiti 's national wealth for 32 years .
But we let them keep 60 percent .
Whiners .
Despite having been bled dry by American bankers and generals , civil disorder prevailed until 1957 , when the CIA installed President - for - Life François " Papa Doc " Duvalier .
Duvalier 's brutal Tonton Macoutes paramilitary goon squads murdered at least 30,000 Haitians and drove educated people to flee into exile .
But think of the cup as half - full : fewer people in the population means fewer people competing for the same jobs !
Upon Papa
Doc 's death in 1971 , the torch passed to his even more dissolute 19 - year - old son , Jean - Claude " Baby Doc " Duvalier .
The U.S. , cool to Papa Doc in his later years , quickly warmed back up to his kleptomaniacal playboy heir .
As the U.S. poured in arms and trained his army as a supposed anti-communist bulwark against Castro's Cuba , Baby Doc stole an estimated $ 300 to $ 800 million from the national treasury , according to Transparency International .
The money was placed in personal accounts in Switzerland and elsewhere .
Under U.S. influence , Baby Doc virtually eliminated import tariffs for U.S. goods .
Soon Haiti was awash predatory agricultural imports dumped by American firms .
Domestic rice farmers went bankrupt .
A nation that had been agriculturally self - sustaining collapsed .
Farms were abandoned .
Hundreds of thousands of farmers migrated to the teeming slums of Port - au - Prince .
The Duvalier era , 29 years in all , came to an end in 1986 when President Ronald Reagan ordered U.S. forces to whisk Baby Doc to exile in France , saving him from a popular uprising .
Once again , Haitians should thank Americans .
Duvalierism was " tough love . "
Forcing Haitians to make do without their national treasury was our nice way or encouraging them to work harder , to lift themselves up by their bootstraps .
Or , in this case , flipflops .
Anyway .
The U.S. has been all about tough love ever since .
We twice deposed the populist and popular democratically - elected president Jean - Bertrand Aristide .
The second time , in 2004 , we even gave him a free flight to the Central African Republic !
( He says the CIA kidnapped him , but whatever . )
Hey , he needed a rest .
And it was kind of us to support a new government formed by former Tonton Macoutes .
Yet , despite everything we 've done for Haiti , they 're still a fourth - world failed state on a fault line .
And still , we have n't given up .
American companies like Disney generously pay wages to their sweatshop workers of 28 cents an hour .
What more do these ingrates want ?
_______
About author Ted Rall is the author of " Ted Rall is the author of " The Anti-American Manifesto . "
His website is tedrall.com
The continual plaint in newspapers around the world is that the news media are in big trouble .
Au contraire : what 's in trouble is their monetization model .
In a nutshell : when you buy a newspaper with a circulation of , say , one million copies , you are not paying a cover price equal to one millionth of their production costs .
Far from it — you may well be paying less than 10 % of the actual cost of the newspaper .
It 's not hard to see why .
A paper with 64 pages of news coverage and editorial contains on the order of 60,000 words of text — maybe more .
Paying people to write those words costs money .
Even a harried journalist , cranking 'em out by regurgitating press releases ( rather than pounding the pavement , talking to people ) is n't going to be producing much more than five pieces a day , running 300 - 1000 words .
It takes twenty writers to write the content of those pages , and another half - dozen editors to ensure the typos and solecisms and potentially libelous misstatements are spotted before it hits the typesetters ( again : ever tried to lay out 64 pages in a hurry ? ) and then the press .
That 's about 30 - 40 staff , plus management , minimum — a more realistic figure would be 200 bodies ( the word rate and editorial figures I pulled out of my ass are insanely intensive ) .
Pay £ 0.50 per copy per day for 330 days a year , with a 1 M circulation , and the paper would only net £ 180 M a year , before printing and distribution costs for 330 million lumps of dead tree are taken into account .
The real profit centre in newspaper publishing is n't what you , the customer , are paying for ; it 's advertising revenue .
I have n't worked on a newspaper .
I have , however , written regularly for newsstand magazines .
In the USA , to take advantage of bulk printed matter shipping rates mags and newspapers were required to have at least 20 % editorial / non- advertising content by page count .
The other 80 % is ads .
My rule of thumb when I was writing for Shopper was that they were getting around five times as much revenue from the advertisers as from their paying readers : when software and computer component advertising spend went online post - 1998 , it was a disaster .
These days , a lot of newspapers look to cut their overheads by reducing their actual journalist and editor head - count — after all , these folks are n't contributing much to the bottom line ( which is advertising sales ) — and running news straight off the syndicated wire feeds .
This is the kind of move that looks sensible on a balance sheet , to a bean - counter who 's wondering where the profits have gone .
By axing 80 % of the journalists and 50 % of the editors , our hypothetical 40 - person newspaper can in principle save 30 payroll entries , or on the order of £ 900,000 a year .
But in the long term , it 's insane : it 's the kind of move that cuts one or two percentage points off the bottom line , but pisses off the subscribers .
Subscribers are the lifeblood of a periodical ; the number of subscribers directly dictates how much money the advertising sales department can charge their customers .
So a spiral of decline triggered by a loss of advertising sales frequently leads to cuts elsewhere — in editorial and other content — that drives away subscribers and causes further drops in advertising revenue .
And with the internet competing for advertiser 's marketing budgets , that 's a recipe for catastrophic decline .
There 's another side - effect of the internet , though .
The internet is business - model neutral ; it 's like the postal service , or the telephone — all it does is put suppliers in touch with consumers .
The revolutionary new quality it adds is that it cuts out middlemen — if a supplier can make their existence known to a consumer , there 's no need for wholesaler warehouses , distributors , and a pavement - pounding sales force .
Enter Google .
( You knew I was going to say that name sooner or later , did n't you ? )
Google 's revenue stream is predicated on their success as an advertising company first and foremost .
Remember DoubleClick ?
They 're part of Google .
Google 's business model is to monetize all internet content by slapping advertising on it and positioning themselves as the most convenient find - everything - at - your - fingertips gateway .
The more high - quality content , the better ; hence the drive towards free email , digitizing books , syndicating blogs via Google Reader , and so on .
If all content is available over the internet via Google , then all content is monetizable .
Content producers who expect to be paid by end - users for access to their content are inevitably going to come into conflict with Google , because this restricts the number of end -users who will see the content , and hence contribute to Google 's revenue stream .
We all like free content .
And we all like to be able to find things conveniently on the web .
But I 'm increasingly having a problem with the " information wants to be free " viewpoint — because it ain't necessarily so , depending on how you define " information " and " free " .
Bandwidth is in the process of becoming so cheap it might as well be free , at least by the standards of the 1990s , let alone any earlier decade .
Information is another matter , though .
Not all information is created equal , and the cost of compiling and producing something new is disproportionately high .
I write books for a living , and take roughly 6 - 12 months per book .
If I can't earn a living at it — if you wave a hypothetical magic wand and make all information free , thereby disintegrating the publishing , music , and commercial content industries overnight —
I 'd probably not stop writing fiction but I 'd have to do something else to earn a living , and therefore I 'd have less time to write fiction , and consequently you 'd have fewer of my stories to download .
This does n't really interest Google , of course .
I 've occasionally wondered what I 'd say if someone at Google offered to hire me to write fiction and release it under a Creative Commons license ; it 's an attractive proposition from my side of the table — my two goals are to earn a living , and to reach as many readers as possible .
There are only about 1000 full - time genre SF / F novelists , and the same number of part - timers ; Google could in principle afford to pay every novelist currently active in the English language out of the petty cash .
( Except maybe JKR and PTerry .
And Dan Brown . )
But it ai n't going to happen .
Google runs on quantifiable data , and the one bit of data I can offer them is that as a data source , including all overheads , I cost on the order of one US cent per byte .
Given that the crappiest spam blog is as useful to Google as the greatest virtuoso symphony performance or the Nobel prize winning novel , if it generates the same number of advertising click - throughs , they 'd do just as well to spend the money on automated spambots .
They 've got my backlist to draw eyeballs and advertising clicks ( the Google Book Settlement is a crock : by opting out of it , all I 'd achieve would be to reserve the right to sue Google — that 's not a realistic option from where I stand ) .
Even if I never write another word , my existing corpus is out there and much cheaper than 5.5 cents per word .
So my profitability as an advertising host is minimal .
Google is n't going to save content creators from the burning wreckage of their distribution industries .
So what 's left ?
Far be it from me to back Rupert Murdoch 's all - out threat to pick a fight with Google over the News International paywall .
I think he 's onto a loser — it 's hugely ironic to see the mogul who used to regularly phone Arthur C. Clarke for advice about the future of media clinging to an obsolete 20th century business model .
Unless he radically reverses the trend towards syndicating content off the wires and hires a buttload more journalists , and starts providing content worth paying for , his policy does n't stand a chance of working .
Worse , in picking a fight with Google he 's picking a fight with those news media who do n't play by his rules .
The BBC has a public - service remit and arguably can't set up a paywall around their news ( hence Murdoch 's recent overtures to the Conservative Party in the UK , who will likely form part of the next government and who are not friendly towards the BBC ) .
The Guardian is run by a trust and has picked as its target the goal of becoming the planet 's leading left - wing news portal ; ideologically and practically they 're Murdoch 's direct opposite .
As long as Google can leverage news sources like these , the Murdoch paywall is going to have an uphill struggle .
If they 're smart , News International 's managers might start to roll back the damage of 30 years of complacent lard - assed journalism — hire new investigators , train them to go for the throat and chase the scandals , and start raising hell .
A combination of targeted micro-news coverage and turning over rocks to see what 's underneath could pay off .
The Daily Telegraph started an avalanche running in the UK last year with their series of explosive revelations on the subject of MP 's expenses ; there has n't been anything like it in the USA this century , as the insider - culture of the Washington beltway has captured the journalistic corps .
When the press cosy up to power , the result is a culture of collusion , and both news and open and accountable government suffer .
However , I do n't expect them to do that — if nothing else , it 's going against a generation of entrenched newsroom practice .
And hiding behind a paywall is n't a workable solution for a jobbing novelist in the age of ubiquitous online copying , because I do n't have the subscriber / advertiser dynamic that a news corporation can count on to pad out the bottom line .
So , what to do ?
Paper books are going to be around for a long time to come , but I 'm betting on the ebook cannibalizing the mass - market paperback by 2020 at the latest — which is where half the paper book revenue stream comes from .
Hardcovers pay much better than paperbacks , but far fewer people are willing to pay for them .
Paperbacks pay the author roughly 7 - 10 % of the cover price of a £ 7 or $ 8 book .
But the ebook shift is potentially catastrophic : ebook royalties are typically in the 15 - 30 % range , but the cost of e-goods in general is being deflated towards the $ 1.99 price point by the App Store model pushed by Apple and their competitors .
Amazon are n't helping either — increasing the publisher 's cut sounds good , until you realize that the proposed $ 9.99 cap on ebooks replaces the high - end $ 24 hardcover .
Not only does it mean less royalties for the authors , it means less money for the publishers — or , more importantly , their marketing divisions .
Here 's a hint : if I wanted to spend my time marketing my books I 'd have gone into marketing .
I 'm a writer .
Every hour spent on marketing activities is an hour spent not writing .
Ditto editing , proofreading , commissioning cover art , and so on .
This is what I have publishers for .
It 's called " division of labour " , and it's why self - publishing — unless you 're an instinctive sales / marketing genius — is a Really Bad Idea™ for most writers .
So I 'm trying to figure out what constitutes a workable business model in the post - Google age for someone who wants to earn a living by writing .
I 'm not much of a public speaker — unlike Cory Doctorow I find speaking exhausting , and worse , I can't write while I 'm travelling .
Maybe a hybrid business model would make sense for some writers : a full range of posable action figures based on the characters in their books , backed up by a manga serial and some themed casual gameplay .
But I 'm not convinced that 's where I want to go , either .
What I really need is some kind of subscription model that makes the disintermediating depradations of Google strictly irrelevant .
So this leads me to ask what new business models exist that I can monetize and that are n't going to ( a ) be devalued by Google , ( b ) undercut by infinite free bandwidth , or ( c ) require an old dog to learn new skills ( like cat - emulation , or screenwriting ) ?
Some data for your analysis : traditional industry estimates suggest that there are four readers for each book sold .
Many of my readers overlap , so my best guess ( which is a stab in the dark ) is that I have an English - language audience of around 100,000 - 200,000 ( of whom some read one book and wo n't be coming back , and some will read everything I produce ... via the library ) .
Of course , I sell far fewer books than that .
I do know that 3000 of you bought " Missile Gap " for $ 35 — a novella that cost 50 % more than an undiscounted hardback — so we can use that as an approximation for the size of my dedicated fan base .
Finally , if I aim to maintain quality , I can probably average 200,000 words of fiction per year .
( 250 - 300,000 in a good year , 150,000 in a challenging year . )
That averages a single 600 - 700 page novel , or two 300 page novels , or six novellas .
And I am not in the movie / TV / comic script business at this point in time .
I remember back when I was first learning Linux , and I encountered shell scripts .
I was n’t a programmer , and I did n’t “ get ” it .
I distinctly remember thinking , “ well , THAT’S something I wo n’t have to learn ” .
Ha !
As it turns out , I was incorrect .
Writing scripts is an essential skill for a system administrator .
In Linux / Unix , we ’re blessed to have an amazing development environment , where as administrators running on Windows had to make due with batch files until the dot net revolution came along to introduce ASP and VB script .
Now , with powershell , they ’ve actually got a great environment to write systems scripts in .
Between that and things like Windows Server Core , I ’m beginning to wonder about the Redmond camp .
But I ’m digressing …
Writing scripts is n’t an optional tool in an effective administrator ’s tool belt .
It ’s absolutely vital to efficiently performing many , many tasks .
Personally , I use the bash shell , because it ’s the default , and it ’s what I started on .
You should use whatever you feel comfortable with , whether it ’s a shell script or perl .
Heck , I ’ve been desperate enough to even do a couple of things in CLI - mode PHP , just because I ’m more fluent in it than I am perl ( which is a shame , and something I ’m going to be working on rectifying ) .
My last “ fun ” bit of shell programming was probably a cron job that checked for a new tsunami warning and emailed me the text of the alert .
Before that , I wrote an entire RSS reader in bash .
With bookmark support .
Yeah , I ’m a sick man .
What kind of fun things have you done with scripts lately ?
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) is a disorder in which problems with paying attention and focusing disrupt people 's lives .
Betahistine is a drug that activates histamine , a compound found in the human body that regulates immune response and acts as a neurotransmitter .
Increased availability of histamine in the brain is known to enhance attention and cognition .
In previous studies , betahistine increased vigilance in healthy participants .
Presently , betahistine is used outside the United States to treat vertigo , but at doses that are too low to have an effect on attention and cognition .
Based on data regarding the use of betahistine outside the United States and on data from other studies using betahistine , there do not appear to be any significant side effects from its use at low doses .
This study will determine both whether betahistine is effective in increasing vigilance in people with ADHD and whether it has any side effects at higher doses .
Participation in this study will last approximately 4 weeks .
Participants will first attend a screening visit that will include a review of their medical and psychiatric history , a physical examination , vital signs measurements , an electrocardiogram ( EKG ) test , blood and urine sample collection , an eating questionnaire , and a clinical interview to confirm an ADHD diagnosis .
Eligible participants will then be randomly assigned to receive either betahistine or placebo on subsequent study visits .
Participants will then attend three weekly study visits , starting 1 week after completing screening .
At each visit , participants will receive a dose of either betahistine or placebo .
The dose of betahistine will increase at each visit , starting at 50 mg , then increasing to 100 mg , and then to 200 mg .
Participants will be asked to refrain from eating and to drink only water in the 12 hours prior to study visits .
Also at each visit , participants will have their vital signs measured , complete questionnaires concerning appetite and mood , perform attention and memory tests , provide several blood samples , undergo an EKG test , and perform a breathing test .
Some of these tests will be repeated several times over the course of each study visit .
Additionally , at the last study visit , participants will undergo a physical examination and provide urine samples .
Advertisements
On The Daily Show last night host Jon Stewart took CNBC ’s Jim Cramer to task again for predicting Scott Brown ’s Massachusetts Senate victory would rally the stock market , only to see the Dow post massive drops in the last two days .
Here is the video , Cramer segment is in the last 2 minutes :
Cramer ’s hyping of a possible Brown caused market rally started last week when he said , “ More important , though , I think that investors who are nervous about the dictatorship of the Pelosi proletariat will feel at ease , and we could have a gigantic rally off a Coakley loss and a Brown win .
It will be a signal that a more pro-business , less pro-labor government could be in front of us …How about a little bit less like the old Soviet Union ?
Yeah , that would be a bit more like it .
Pelosi politburo emasculation ! ”
Advertisements
On Election Day Cramer said , “ A Scott Brown victory is one of those things that will send markets up , that ’s the truth . ”
Stewart did a little fantasy segment where he put all of his money in the stock market based on Cramer ’s advice , only to see the market drop 190 points .
Stewart said , “ Cramer !!!
I ’ll see you in hell Cramer .
Vengeance is yours . ”
By the way , the Dow dropped another 213 points today .
This proves two things .
Most importantly the stock market is not influenced by politics , and secondly , Jim Cramer is guessing like everyone else who invests in the market .
Once again , Jon Stewart demonstrated that the emperor is wearing no clothes .
Quotations by Author
Plato ( 427 BC - 347 BC )
Greek author & philosopher in Athens [ more author details ]
Showing quotations 1 to 20 of 41 total Next Page ->
Showing quotations 1 to 20 of 41 total Next Page ->
Browse our complete list of 3444 authors by last name :
PORT -AU - PRINCE , Haiti – A major obstacle to delivering aid to Haiti began to be cleared Friday , as the U.S. Air Force brought order to the chaotic Port - au - Prince airport .
In another sign of progress , the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson took up position off Haiti 's coast and began to fly water and other badly needed supplies to land .
Despite these and other advances , hundreds of thousands of Haitians remain stranded in dire conditions .
Earlier , ...
General David Petraeus , the head of US Central Command , today confirmed a US intelligence assessment which said the freed British hostage Peter Moore was " certainly " held in Iran for at least some of his 31 months in captivity .
As Moore arrived back in Britain at RAF Brize Norton this evening , Petraeus told a press conference in Baghdad : " I am on the record as having said that our intelligence assessment is that he certainly spent part of the time , at the very least , in Iran . "
The statement puts US intelligence at odds with the British Foreign Office , which today continued to insist there was no evidence that Moore had been held in Iran .
The Foreign Office referred to a report in Wednesday 's Guardian – which said the Quds unit of Iran 's Revolutionary Guard had played a key role in the abduction of Moore , an IT consultant , and his four guards – as " speculation " .
The four guards were killed by their captors .
Three of the bodies have been returned and the remains of the fourth victim , Alan McMenemy , are expected to be returned soon .
Although Petraeus , who commands the US military effort in Iraq and Afghanistan , confirmed Moore had been taken to Iran , he was quoted by Reuters as saying : " It is difficult to say what role the Revolutionary Guards , and in particular the Quds force element , played in that . "
Moore 's release came on the same day as the transfer of Qais al - Khazali , the head of an Iranian - backed Shia group which claimed responsibility for the kidnapping , from US to Iraqi custody .
Petraeus said the transfer had been carried out according to an agreement with the Iraqi government which said the US had to release its detainees or hand them over to Iraq by the end of last year .
However , a representative of Asaib Ahl al - Haq , al - Khazali 's group , and an Iraqi member of the negotiating team that helped secure Moore 's release , told the Associated Press Moore had not been released until the group received confirmation that its leader had been transferred .
In a statement issued by the Foreign Office this evening , Moore 's step - parents Fran and Pauline Sweeney said : " We are thrilled to have Peter back safely .
We have a lot of catching up to do and would like to have time with Peter on our own .
We would now ask the media to give us space and privacy . "
A Foreign Office spokesman said : " Peter was met by Foreign Office staff and will be reunited with his family later .
Peter and his family have asked for privacy at this time . "
Workers examine a new Quench Protection System at CERN in January .
Image courtesy of CERN
( PhysOrg.com ) --
In December , the Large Hadron Collider , the world 's largest particle accelerator , shattered the world record for highest energy particle collisions .
This week , team led by researchers from MIT , CERN and the KFKI Research Institute for Particle and Nuclear Physics in Budapest , Hungary , completed work on the first scientific paper analyzing the results of those collisions .
Its findings show that the collisions produced an unexpectedly high number of particles called mesons — a factor that will have to be taken into account when physicists start looking for more rarer particles and for the theorized Higgs boson .
“ This is the very first step in a long road to performing extremely sensitive analyses that can detect particles produced only in one in a billion collisions , ” says Gunther Roland , MIT associate professor of physics and an author of the new paper .
Roland and MIT professors Wit Busza and Boleslaw Wyslouch , who are members of the CMS ( compact muon solenoid ) collaboration , were among the study leaders .
The CMS collaboration runs one of four detectors at the collider .
The Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) , located underground near Geneva , Switzerland , started its latest run in late November .
On Dec. 8 , the proton beams around the 17 - mile ring collided at a peak energy of 2.36 tera electron volts ( TeV ) , breaking the previous record of 1.96 TeV achieved at the Fermi National Accelerator Lab .
Because of Einstein ’s equation , E=mc2 , which correlates mass and energy , higher energy levels should produce heavier particles — possibly including some never seen before .
In the new paper , submitted to the Journal of High Energy Physics by CMS , the physicists analyzed the number of particles produced in the aftermath of the high - energy collisions .
When protons collide , their energy is predominantly transformed into particles called mesons — specifically , two types of mesons known as pions and kaons .
To their surprise , the researchers that the number of those particles increased faster with collision energy than was predicted by their models , which were based on results of lower - energy collisions .
Taking the new findings into account , the team is now tuning its predictions of how many of those mesons will be found during even higher energy collisions .
When those high - energy experiments are conducted , it will be critical to know how many such particles to expect so they can be distinguished from more rare particles .
“ If we ’re looking for rare particles later on , these mesons will be in the background , ” says Roland .
“ These results show us that our expectations were not completely wrong , but we have to modify things a bit . ”
Using the Large Hadron Collider , physicists hope to eventually detect the Higgs boson , a particle that is theorized to give all other particles their mass , as well as evidence for other physical phenomena such as supersymmetry , extra dimensions of space and the creation of a new form of matter called quark - gluon plasma ( QGP ) .
The new data provide an important reference point when CMS will look for signatures of QGP creation in collisions of lead ions at the LHC later this year .
The CMS team , which includes more than 2,000 scientists around the world , has 45 members ( including faculty , students and research scientists ) from the MIT Laboratory for Nuclear Science ’s Particle Physics Collaboration and heavy - ion research groups .
The Large Hadron Collider is capable of creating collisions up to 14 TeV , but scientists are gradually easing the machine up to that level to try to avoid safety issues that have arisen in the past .
In September 2008 , the collider had to be shut down for several months after a connector joining two of the collider ’s magnets failed , causing an explosion and leakage of the liquid helium that cools the magnets .
During the collider ’s next run in March , researchers hope to create collisions of 7 TeV , says Roland .
The success of the latest effort “ makes us extremely optimistic about the detector , ” he says .
“ It performed beautifully during the run . ”
The number of tablet users in the U.S. is expected to surpass 177 million this year .
This proves just how popular the mobile device has become since the iPad was introduced in 2010 .
This also means there ’s a lot to consider if you ’re in the market for one .
Today ’s tablet models can do pretty much everything a laptop can and come with a variety of features and apps .
If you ’re confused about the right model for you , check out this tablet buying guide of five things to consider before buying one .
1. Decide on the Size
Since the tablet is a mobile device , chances are you ’re buying one for its portability .
It ’s important , however , to settle upon a size that pleases your inner Goldilocks : not too big and not too small .
Most tablets currently on the market fall within the range of 7 to 10 inches wide .
Which one is best for you is really a matter of preference .
Visit a store or check out models that friends , family members , and co-workers own .
Pick them up and see what size you find the most comfortable .
On a related note , screen resolution is important as well .
Entry - level tablets usually offer a resolution of 1280 ×800 pixels but 1920 ×1080 pixels or higher is ideal .
2. Decide on the Operating System
Ah , the old PC versus Mac debate .
With tablets , however , you get three main operating systems ( OS ) options : Android , iOS , and Windows .
Each has their pros and cons .
Android was developed by Google and thus , will give you a host of Google apps and services .
Android - based tablets also tend to be highly customizable .
iOS is Apple ’s OS , and the highly popular iPad runs on it .
People tend to have strong opinions on Apple products and if you ’re already a fan , you ’ll probably love the iPad .
One downside is the iPad is more expensive than Android tablets .
Then there ’s Windows , created by Microsoft .
Tablets running on Windows can usually run a full version of Microsoft Office .
Again , which option is best depends upon your preferences and needs and also the next tip to consider on our list , budget .
3. Determine Your Budget
How much are you willing to pay for a tablet , and how long were you hoping to keep it ?
These are important questions to answer for yourself before you begin searching .
Depending upon the make , model , and features , tablets run anywhere from under $ 200 ( Samsung Galaxy Tab ) to upwards of $ 500 ( Apple iPad ) .
There are even models selling for around $ 100 .
Check out this best budget tablet for one affordable option .
4. Choose Features
A good way to determine the features you need is to decide upon where and how you ’ll use your tablet .
If you ’re mainly going to use it at home to check email and help with basic tasks , for example , a lower - end tablet with minimal features should do the trick .
For work , gaming , and studying , you ’ll need a tablet with more powerful memory , storage space , and the ability to add a keyboard .
5. Consider the Battery Life
A good tablet should last you all day on a full battery charge .
Most tablet batteries last about eight to nine hours .
It may be a good idea to dismiss any models that ca n’t go seven hours without a charge .
Learn More Beyond our Tablet Buying Guide
These five tips of our tablet buying guide should help point you in the right direction to make the best tablet purchase .
To stay updated on the latest news about tablets and mobile apps , visit our blog .
AFP
Correction to this article
AMID the alphabet soup and baffling procedures of last month 's climate - change conference in Copenhagen , it was easy to forget the overall aim : to move from a world in which carbon dioxide emissions are rising to one in which they are falling , fast enough to make a difference .
How fast is enough ?
A fair measure is carbon and other greenhouse emissions in 2050 ; if by that date they are only half their 1990 level , most people agree , then things would be on the right track .
Another widely accepted calculation : if developing countries are to grow a bit between now and then , rich countries would need to slash emissions to a level at least 80 % below what they were in 1990 .
Many prosperous states have duly accepted that target ; and in recent years the expression “ 80 % by 2050 ” has become a familiar , if optimistic , touchstone for discussions about climate change — both in the rich world and among most other parties to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) .
When drafts of a last - ditch agreement began circulating on December 18th , which should have been the meeting 's final day , the “ 80 % by 2050 ” formula was still in place .
But , hours later , it vanished .
By this stage , efforts to find consensus among almost 200 delegations had given way to bargaining sessions among smallish groups of countries behind closed doors .
When the fruits of that back - room trading were presented to the world by Barack Obama , the numbers were conspicuous by their absence .
So too were a number of other conditions that Europeans and others would have liked , such as a date for peak emissions .
“ Why ? ” , a cluster of journalists asked Lars - Erik Liljelund , the Swedish government 's point man on climate , in the early hours of Saturday December 19th .
Why would a pledge that applied only to rich nations , and to which all those nations seemed to agree , have vanished from the final document ?
After maybe ten seconds of what - can - I - say silence came the flat reply : “ China do n't like numbers . ”
This is not entirely true .
The speech to the conference that morning by Wen Jiabao , the prime minister , included a lot of numbers .
There had been 51 % growth in China 's renewable - energy output over the three years to 2008 ; China had planted 20 m hectares of forests between 2003 and 2008 ; developed countries had produced 80 % of emissions over the past 200 years ; and so on .
The numbers that China had resisted were those that could be read in any way as commitments .
It had insisted on stripping all figures , even ones that did not apply to China , out of the text that finally became the Copenhagen accord .
In their zeal to avoid being pinned down , the Chinese went further .
They secured the removal of language contained in early drafts that spoke of a Copenhagen deal as a step on the road to a legally binding treaty .
As the world 's largest emitter ( without which any agreement is dead ) , China was in a strong position , and it took full advantage .
Such was the messy denouement of ten days of largely fruitless UN - guided negotiations , in which China did nothing to push things along .
Indeed , some suspected China of doing something worse than just folding its arms .
The atmosphere was poisoned , early in the meeting , by the leaking of a draft ( one of several texts circulated by the Danish chair ) that favoured the rich world ; various parties thought the Chinese were the leakers .
On the final day , tension rose when President Obama was obliged to conduct negotiations with comparatively junior Chinese delegates .
At one point , Mr Obama expected to meet his Chinese opposite number one - on - one but instead found himself with the leaders of South Africa , Brazil and India as well .
All that said , China also gave some ground .
It satisfied the Americans on one sticking - point : the principle of “ monitoring , reporting and verification ” of actions promised by developing countries .
Unless China , in particular , can be shown to live up to its promises , it will be very difficult to get a climate bill through America 's Senate .
To Mr Obama 's relief , the accord allows for an international role in such monitoring , which China and India had been resisting .
This is not just an academic point ; China has pledged a reduction , of between 40 % and 45 % by 2020 , in the level of its “ carbon intensity ” — the amount of carbon emitted in proportion to output .
It is hard to tell how big a change the Chinese promise represents from business as usual ; but it has an impressive ring .
Among the accord 's other features were a new system for recording pledges on emission reduction and other actions ; a review of those commitments , due in 2015 ; and an as yet undefined mechanism for North - South technology transfer .
And there is money on the table : an initial promise of $ 10 billion a year , for three years , from developed countries to help poorer states mitigate climate change and adapt to it .
Some of this money will go to towards implementing a “ REDD - plus ” deal on deforestation , an issue on which real progress was made .
Part of the rich - to - poor transfers will flow through a “ Copenhagen Green Climate Fund ” , which some poor countries prefer to the World Bank .
The process will , in theory , accelerate .
Rich countries vowed to mobilise $ 100 billion a year by 2020 for more ambitious adaptation - and - mitigation projects in the poor world .
The UN is supposed to set up a “ high - level panel ” to work out the details of who gets what .
Maddeningly vague ?
Almost everybody admitted that the deal was not nearly as ambitious as they would have liked .
According to most climate models , the commitments made in Copenhagen fall a long way short of what would be needed to keep global warming to 2°C .
Still , it was widely held to be better than nothing — though , in the final moments , nothing nearly triumphed .
On the evening of December 18th heads of state claimed victory as they drove off to the airport ; but their offstage bargains were unlikely to make much difference without a nod , at least , from the whole meeting .
So the bigwigs left it to more junior negotiators to present the result of their horse - trading to the world 's grumpy , exhausted delegates .
When it was introduced to a conference plenary in the small hours of Saturday morning , a few countries — notably Cuba , Venezuela , Bolivia and Nicaragua — tried to thwart any such benediction .
They insisted that , as it had not been drafted by any official procedure , the deal struck by hand - picked leaders was just a “ miscellaneous document ” of no practical consequence .
The accord would throw Africa “ into the furnace ” , added Lumumba Stanislaus Di-Aping of Sudan , who spoke for the “ G77 plus China ” group of developing nations , and compared the rich countries ' heartlessness to Hitler 's genocide .
Such rhetoric proved self - defeating ; more passion was expended on countering it than could be mustered for the accord itself .
“ I call on my brother from Sudan to rethink his conclusions and get hold of his emotions , ” said Dessima Williams of Grenada , representative of the Alliance of Small Island States , as she accepted a deal that fell far short of the islanders ' hopes .
After more than three hours of back and forth , the British energy and climate - change minister , Ed Miliband , called for an adjournment just as Lars Lokke Rasmussen , the Danish prime minister , who was chairing the session , seemed to be accepting that the accord would founder .
Only after more hours of back - room wrangling did a restarted plenary , with a new chair , get the accord adopted after a fashion .
Thanks to rapid gavelling , the world 's delegates found they had decided to “ take note ” of the leaders ' agreement — a formula that was held both to permit the deal to come into effect and to allow some nations to renounce it .
A bid to reinsert the notion of a future binding treaty was firmly quashed by China , India and Saudi Arabia .
The next step is for the nations signing up to the accord to do so , and to affix to it any commitments they are making , which is due to happen by February 1st .
At that point , it appears , various steps to implement the accord and distribute the money that it speaks of can begin .
How that implementation will fit into the ongoing UN talks — the next full conference will be in Mexico on November 29th — is , as yet , unclear .
Equally uncertain is the degree to which it can breathe new life into market mechanisms for helping poor countries , and how the promised verification regime will actually build trust .
At some stage documents with numbers , and even long - term aspirations , will become necessary again , and the nation that invented the abacus will have to overcome its aversion to arithmetic .
Correction :
We originally referred to Wen Jiabao as China 's president .
He is in fact the prime minister .
Sorry .
This was changed on January 6th 2010 .
Download EVE Online
If you have not already you will need to create an account to play EVE Online .
Please note the supported system requirements .
If you want to download EVE on Windows in full up front , download the following file in addition to the installer above and place it in the same folder as the installer before running it .
The installer will then extract the full set of resources for EVE from that file into the shared cache .
Please have in mind that this file can be +7GB large .
This might be useful for players who wish to download the game on a different network connection from the one they play on .
I got a few 128×64 graphics LCDs for Christmas .
One of the first things I did with them was make a Mandelbrot Set viewer –with zoom !
Video
The video is available in HD , and viewable in a larger size if you click through .
The music is “ Mandelbrot Set ” by Jonathan Coulton .
Description
The Mandelbrot Set is a fractal .
You can zoom on the border and get pretty pictures .
There are a bunch of cool facts about the Mandelbrot Set at Wikipedia , and Jonathan Coulton has a sweet song about it .
Download
Download the Arduino sketch for the Mandelbrot Set viewer .
This requires a GLCDks0108 library available on the Arduino Playground .
Currently , to run , this library needs a simple modification !
In ks0108.h , move the line
void WriteData ( uint8_t data ) ; // experts can make this public but the functionality is not documented
to the public : section .
This function allows you to write a byte to the display , and advances the cursor .
After a cursory browsing of the datasheet , it appears the fastest way to write data to the screen .
I ’m in the process of getting this change made in the library so this modification wo n’t be necessary .
Code
The code for this is n’t too difficult .
The actual drawing of the Mandelbrot set is pretty much exactly as described in this nice Mandelbrot Set tutorial .
It goes over the theory and the code for drawing the fractal .
The only change I made in drawing the fractal was that I calculate 8 points , and then draw them to the screen as a group .
This matches how the screen wants to receive data , and wastes less time interfacing with the LCD .
The zooming functionality is taken care of by a simple state machine in the loop ( ) loop .
If you want to run this on a different microcontroller , the C should be fairly portable .
Schematics
Parts
In terms of hardware requirements , I used a ks0108 graphics LCD .
These are available from a variety of vendors–but be careful and check your pinouts !
The specific one I used was this 128×64 graphics LCD from Sparkfun , but there are a variety of displays listed in the Arduino Playground site for the graphics library I used .
Besides the LCD , I used a 220 ohm resistor ( R1 ) and switch ( SW1 ) to toggle the backlight , a 10 k potentiometer ( VR1 ) for setting the display contrast , two buttons ( SW2 , SW3 ) for back and forward , and a 10 k potentiometer ( VR2 ) for the cursor .
Future Work
I would like to take a look at fixing some of the rounding issues .
There are some places where the drawing “ looks funny ” after enough zooms .
I ’m pretty sure it ’s due to rounding issues with the limited floating point precision .
I would also like to improve the “ back button ” functionality so that you can go back in the middle of the zooming process if you make a mistake .
The controls could likely be made more intuitive by using something with a joystick .
The software interface matches the input paradigm of a knob and some buttons , but if there was a cursor , and then moving the cursor made a box , the zoom would likely be more intuitive .
This could be implemented with the Wii nunchuck .
Photo Gallery
More photos are available at my Mandelbrot Set photo set .
Questions , comments ?
Feel free to contact me .
References
The Knitted Reddit Alien
An Xmas present 2009 : a knitted version of the Reddit Alien .
I thought my girlfriend could n't get any cooler , and then she goes and pulls a stunt like this .
On Xmas morning , I open my gifts from her : the shoes I wanted ( original black Converse All Stars ) , the complete box set of the West Wing , and this knitted alien .
She is , in modern parlance , a keeper .
It stands about 45 cm tall .
It 's stuffed with foam like a good old - fashioned toy , and the bottom has beads in so that it can also stand upright freely .
The antenna sways gently as you cradle it , lovingly in your arms .
Knitting / crochet geeks can take a look at the full size image ( 3.1 MB )
So Brit Hume is upset that his advice that Tiger Woods accept Jesus as his savior has been slammed .
Hume and his conservative Christian allies have cited the reaction as yet more evidence that Christians are the victims of oppression by the liberal elites .
After all , if Hume were a Jew and advised Woods to join the Hebrew cohort there would have been no fuss and bother .
Same if Hume were say , a Muslim , and instructed Woods to submit to Allah -- conservatives especially would have been fine with this expression of religious opinion , all the more so because no one on Hume 's FoxNews would imagine disparaging the Islamic faith that a billion and a half adhere to .
Of course a Hindu or Ralian Hume would have not heard a peep of protest .
Nor would his broad minded coworkers at Fox been perturbed had Hume told Wood that he should abandon religion in favor of atheism .
Returning to the real world , the project by many Christians to portray themselves as the victims of discrimination is a cynical and deceptive ploy in a nation were three quarters are followers of Christ , God is on the currency and in speeches by government officials , and all but a couple or so Presidents have been Christian ( the deist and occasional agnostic Jefferson and apparently casual atheist to deist Lincoln being the best documented exceptions ) .
America is the most Christian of the western democracies , although it is true that religion continues to lose ground as the secular minority continues to rapidly expand ( to about a fifth of the population these days , which means that " In God We Trust ' business is off by 20 % ; http://www.edge.org/3rd_culture/paul07/paul07_index.html;
http://www.secularhumanism.org/reply-to-rodney-stark.pdf).
It is the nontheistic minority that is the all too real target of bigotry .
People would not dare to say that one does not find Christians in foxholes , or Jews or Muslims , but the casual slur against atheists often rolls off American tongues despite the many nonbelievers who serve in combat .
Gallup surveys find that most Americans will not marry an atheist or vote for one for president , the same attitudes the majority used to hold against blacks .
The antipathy towards nonbelievers is not covered and condemned by Hume , O'Reilly , Coulter , Beck , Limbaugh or Robertson who claim to be fair and objective , but whose true self aggrandizing interest is protecting the prerogatives of the religious right and to heck with everyone else .
The relationship between the two countries may deteriorate more if Mr. Obama meets , as he is expected to , with the Tibetan spiritual leader , the Dalai Lama .
Mr. Obama put off meeting with the Dalai Lama last year to avoid angering Beijing before his visit to China in November , a decision that received strong criticism from human rights activists .
Gen. James L. Jones , the national security adviser , said Friday that the announcement should not “ come as a surprise to our Chinese friends , ” adding that the Obama administration was “ bent on a new relationship with China that goes beyond arms sales to Taiwan . ”
Speaking at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , General Jones sought to play down the escalating tensions between the United States and China .
Those tensions have been on full display since Mr. Obama traveled to Beijing in November .
While Mr. Obama and Mr. Hu promised to conduct regular exchanges and to work together on a number of issues , they did not reach an agreement on how to move forward on Western efforts to rein in Iran ’s nuclear ambitions .
Obama administration officials now say that they view China , not Russia , as the main stumbling block on efforts to get a Security Council resolution that would impose additional sanctions on Iran .
A month after Mr. Obama went to Beijing , China blocked his efforts to reach a meaningful climate change agreement in Copenhagen .
China announced this month that it had tested the country ’s first land - based missile defense system , a test that Chinese and Western analysts said was timed to convey Beijing ’s annoyance over the expected American arms sales to Taiwan .
Throughout January , Chinese state news media have produced a torrent of articles condemning the expected sale .
China views Taiwan as a breakaway province , separated since the civil war of the 1940s , and sees arms sales as interference in an internal matter .
The American relationship with Taiwan is one of the most delicate diplomatic issues between Beijing and Washington .
The deal announced Friday is the second big arms sale to Taiwan in two years .
When the Pentagon announced in October 2008 , under the Bush administration , that it was selling Taiwan $ 6.6 billion worth of weapons , China froze military ties with the United States and did not resume the contacts until after Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton visited Beijing last February .
On Wednesday , the Pentagon spokesman , Geoff Morrell , urged China not to take that tack again .
Responding to a question from a reporter before the sale was announced , Mr. Morrell said that “ this relationship is too important to go through the fits and starts that we have over the years , where every little bump in the road results in a breaking of communication and a suspension of dialogue . ”
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates and Adm. Michael Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , are both expected to travel to Beijing this year for high - level talks .
Administration officials said Friday that they hoped China did not retract those two invitations .
DEVILS KITCHEN SINKHOLE - SEDONA , AZ
a POTENTIAL GEOHAZARD
PAUL A. LINDBERG , CONSULTING GEOLOGIST , SEDONA , AZ .
Sedona , Arizona , situated in the Red Rock country below the Mogollon Rim of north - central Arizona ( Fig. 1 ) , is surrounded by hills of red to beige Paleozoic - age sandstones and siltstones .
Nearby hills rise from gently undulating topography ; at about the break in slope at the base of these hills are at least seven sinkholes .
In 1990 , the U.S. Forest Service , concerned for the safety of unwary visitors , prompted a geologic study of one sinkhole , Devils Kitchen .
This article summarizes study results of the geometry , origin and potential hazards of Devils Kitchen sinkhole .
Publication of the complete unabridged study with additional illustration as an Arizona Geological Survey Contributed Report is pending .
Figure 1 . Aerial Photograph of area immediately north of Sedona , Arizona .
Note the prominent NW - trending joint structure .
Inset map shows approximate location of Sedona .
Historic Observations : 1880 ’s to 1989
One of the earliest descriptions of Devils Kitchen , which involved a collapse event there , was retold by long - term resident Albert E. Thompson ( 1968 ) , " My parents were living in Sedona in the early 1880s and heard the crash when the spot caved in .
Mother said the dust from the cave - in filled the air all day and the sun looked like it was shining through heavy smoke .
Her brother , Jim James , was the first one to see the new hole in the ground " .
In late 1989 , a second historic collapse event occurred at Devils Kitchen , enlarging the opening by as much as 1/3rd .
The 1989 event was largely limited to the north wall , where a gigantic block , detached along three bounding walls from its caprock , rotated outward into the opening without dropping to a lower elevation .
Edges of the newly broken rocks are highly angular and the surface soil has not yet begun to slough off .
Collapse of the southernmost wall of the sinkhole pre-dated historic collapse events and probably represents an early , formative event in the history of Devils Kitchen .
In contrast to the fresh , angular appearance of historically broken blocks , blocks of the south wall display rounded edges and the surfaces carry a patina of manganese oxide that suggests open exposure over several hundred years .
General Information about Sinkholes
The most common cause of sinkhole formation is from the collapse of caves in limestone bedrock .
Atmospheric carbon dioxide dissolved in rainwater yields weakly acidic groundwater that slowly dissolves limestone along fractures .
Over long periods of geologic time , slow rates of dissolution are capable of producing gigantic underground caverns .
During the formation of a cave the slowly enlarging chambers form below the water table .
If a cave is finally unroofed by erosion or if the groundwater table drops below the cave floor , it becomes a “ dry ” cave capable of forming secondary stalagmites and stalactites .
The caves below Sedona , however , still lie below the water table .
Figure 2 . Schematic cross-section showing rock strata exposed at the Devils Kitchen Sinkhole , near Sedona .
Also shown is the approximate location of the local water table .
The Devils Kitchen Sinkhole
Unlike typical karst topography , outcrops in the immediate vicinity of the Devils Kitchen sinkhole contain no limestone .
The upper walls of the collapse area are made up of massive sandstone of the Schnebly Hill Formation , while the lower walls consist of weaker , shaly siltstone of the Hermit Formation .
The sinkhole almost certainly formed as the result of deep - seated collapse of caverns in the subjacent Redwall Limestone .
Figure 2 displays a stratigraphic cross section of the rock strata in the vicinity of the Devils Kitchen sinkhole .
The stratigraphic subdivisions have been derived from various recent sources and are sufficiently accurate for the purposes of this report .
The schematic cross section shows that the top portion of the Devils Kitchen sinkhole is at an approximate elevation of 4510 feet above sea level .
The bedrock lip of the Devils Kitchen sinkhole is situated in Schnebly Hill Sandstone ; contact with the underlying Hermit formation lies about 40 - 60 feet below the sinkhole lip .
Below the Hermit lies the massive Supai [ Esplanade ]
Sandstone , which is approximately 430 feet thick and rests conformably on top of the approximately 180 feet thick , Redwall limestone .
Towering above the sinkhole are the imposing cliff - forming sandstones of the Schnebly Hill Formation .
And about 520 feet above the sinkhole is a thin rock strata known as the Fort Apache Limestone .
This is the same thin limestone bed that forms the " Merry - Go - Round " off Schnebly Hill Road and the " deck " of Steamboat Rock .
The Fort Apache Limestone above and the hidden Redwall Limestone below formed in shallow , tropical seas .
The intervening " Red Rock " succession of Schnebly Hill , Hermit , and Supai Formations were deposited close to sea level and sometimes within inter-tidal areas .
The rock succession from Redwall Limestone to the Fort Apache Limestone ranges in age from approximately 350 to 285 million years old .
All of the present - day landscape of the Sedona area , including the retreating cliff rims , canyons , and buttes formed within the past 10 million years .
Figure 3 . Plan map of the Devils Kitchen Sinkhole ; Section 1 , T. 17N , R.5E , Yavapai County .
A dotted line demarcates the 1989 collapse zone from the pre-existing sinkhole .
The sinkhole is the surface expression of an upward migrating breccia column overlying a collapsed cave in the Redwall Limestone , approximately 600 ft below the sinkhole rim .
Mapping the Devils Kitchen Sinkhole
Figure 3 shows a plan map of the Devils Kitchen sinkhole area on a scale of 1 inch equals 40 feet .
Steel pins were placed at points A , B , and Q and were driven flush to the ground .
Map surveying was done using a tripod - mounted , Brunton compass and measuring tape with point A as the master control .
An arbitrary datum of zero [ foot ] elevation was assigned to this point ; measurements are recorded for either above or below this reference .
Extrapolating from the topographic map suggests that point A is about 4510 feet above sea level .
Figure 4 , a longitudinal cross section along the N - S axis of the sinkhole ( see figure 3 for location ) , illustrates key geologic features of the upper portion of the sinkhole .
Note the arcuate fractures beneath the overhanging south wall ( left side ) .
As a column of rock collapses upward its roof is composed of arcuate shells of rock that slab inward into the breccia column ( see Fig. 5 ) .
What this illustrates on surface is a " holing through " of the upward migrating collapsing column that has been blind until it breaks through to the surface .
There may be many more such collapse areas around Sedona but until one breaches the surface it is not yet a " sinkhole "
Geomorphic Features Controlling Sinkhole Development
The Devils Kitchen is situated on pervasive NW - trending joints ( Fig. 3 ) .
These joints are regional in scope and may have originally formed during the Laramide Orogeny when the Earth 's crust was warped and uplifted .
The joints , subtle as they may appear , probably proved effective over the last 75 million years in channeling groundwater to depth .
Experience from other parts of the world show that caves commonly line up along fracture zones and often develop into large vertical chimney - like features at the intersection of two or more fractures .
The Devils Kitchen map displays prominent NW - trending joint sets and a subordinate NNE - trending set of joints .
It is probable that where these joints project downward to the Redwall Limestone a large cavern had developed at this site .
Upward stoping , or caving , took place until the upward advancing collapse [ breccia ] column finally broke through to the ground surface as shown schematically in Figure 2 .
Figure 4 . Longitudinal NNE - SSW cross-section along A – A’ ( see Fig. 3 ) through the sinkhole .
Scale is 1 ” = 40 ft and view towards the NNW .
Water wells in the vicinity exploit solution cavities in the Redwall , providing for most of the municipal water for Sedona .
There is no way of knowing how many caverns exist below the ground surface but water wells indicate that they are abundant .
At the present time rain and snowfall on the Colorado Plateau provides the aquifer recharge in the porous Redwall limestone .
This water passes beneath the Sedona region from the Mogollon Rim toward the Verde Valley in a southwesterly direction .
The slow water movement can be likened to that flowing through a saturated sponge that is inclined at a very low angle toward the southwest .
The former cave that once lay below the Devils Kitchen sinkhole had grown so large by groundwater dissolution of the limestone that it finally collapsed to form the sinkhole we see today .
Figure 5 illustrates how this process of upward - stoping took place .
It is highly unlikely that the entire column of rock fell at one time , although it probably did advance by catastrophic pulses .
If a collapse of this magnitude took place below the ground surface in a " blind " collapse zone it may be capable of generating an audible " bump " on the surface in much the same manner as that experienced from a large underground mine blast .
Such reports should not be taken as frivolous in nature , but be regarded with some concern .
While highly unlikely , such events may provide advanced warning to future sinkhole development .
Figure 5 . Schematic illustration showing how the sinkhole may have formed – collapse of overlying rock into the cavernous Redwall Limestone .
Calculating the Size of the Collapsed Cave System
A cursory examination of the surface map , longitudinal section and stratigraphic section indicate that a subsurface column of breccia ~200 feet in diameter would extend downward for 660 feet to the top of the former Redwall Limestone cave .
From sinkhole surface to the top of the Redwall , this represents a cylinder of rock with a volume of 20,735,000 cubic feet .
Assuming the entire Redwall Limestone strata were dissolved over its 180 foot height this would have allowed for a 200 foot diameter cave to have been present in the Redwall Limestone prior to the collapse .
Because broken rock occupies a greater volume than solid rock ( approximately 1.3 times as much volume ) this means that as the collapse progressed – with concomitant volume expansion -- it finally came close to equilibrium at the present ground surface when about 27,000,000 cubic feet of breccia occupied the old cave chamber with the column stretching up to the surface .
If correct , this calculated volume of a cavern in the Redwall ( 180 feet high and 200 feet in diameter ) is suggestive of a cave network to rival that of Mammoth Cave National Park of Kentucky .
Figure 6 . Devils Kitchen Sinkhole hazard map demarcating areas from very high risk , where collapse is imminent , to low risk , where collapse could be decades to centuries away .
Hazards at the Devils Kitchen Sinkhole
The Devils Kitchen sinkhole formed catastrophically and will continue to enlarge over geologic time .
Man 's brief occupancy of the area has been too short to fully appreciate the scope of these highly unpredictable developments .
Figure 6 shows the potential hazard areas at the sinkhole .
Certain edges of the Devils Kitchen sinkhole are at greater risk of collapse while others are deemed less likely to collapse .
It should be emphasized , however , that no degree of certainty exists at this site .
The area requires regular inspection and posted safety precautions should be strictly adhered to .
The present policy of driving jeeps on tours along the southern access road and viewing from the southwestern comer of the sinkhole is considered by the writer to be about as safe as any other human activity .
The obvious danger point is in the extreme south wall where many people walk unknowingly onto a severe overhang .
But as long as this overhang is pinned - in by the rock buttresses on the west wall ( marked in red and orange ) , the yellow area should remain locked in place .
If the areas shown in red and orange collapse at some time in the near future , as one anticipates , the entire situation should be re-evaluated .
Viewed today , new fractures on the north side are very evident when compared to the older south wall which exhibits well - rounded cliff edges and a surface weathering patina .
The recent collapse has severely undercut the north wall making it highly unstable ( Fig. 4 ) .
This area should continue to spall off over the near future .
A warning sign should be placed at the edge of the unstable block marked in red ( dark cross - hatching ) on the hazard map ( Fig. 6 ) .
Also , warning signs should be posted on the west side and eastern ends of the north wall to warn hikers to stay back from the edge .
The surface map ( Fig. 3 ) shows a large number of arcuate fracture zones along the southwestern portion of the sinkhole .
As indicated on the hazard map ( Fig. 6 ) , I believe that over a long enough period of time the sinkhole may expand in this direction .
There is no way of ascertaining how long this might take .
It could progress by incremental steps , it could collapse catastrophically , or it might remain as is for several centuries .
Last , visitors should approach the edge of the sinkhole prudently .
Geologists should examine the sinkhole and environs frequently for evidence of any new fractures that may presage imminent collapse .
additional photos
( Click to Enlarge )
Acknowledgments
Mark Avery , Pink Jeep Tours of Sedona , Arizona , made the initial request , at the prompting of the U.S. Forest Service , for a geologic and geohazard evaluation of Devils Kitchen .
References Cited
Thompson , A.E. , 1968 , Early Days , 1968 , Sedona Westerners , p. 60
FROM CNN's Jack Cafferty :
Hundreds of thousands of dollars .
That 's how much it cost for a delegation of 59 people - led by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi along with members of Congress , staff and in some cases spouses and kids - to go to Copenhagen , site of the Climate Summit , just before Christmas .
House Speaker Pelosi attends a press conference at the Copenhagen Climate Summit .
CBS News reports that for 21 Congressmen , food and rooms for two nights cost $ 4,400 ; and the Total hotel bill - including meeting rooms - was more than $ 400,000 .
Pelosi used two military jets for herself and her party at a cost of more than $ 100,000 dollars in flight time .
Hundreds of thousands of dollars of taxpayer money .
This has nothing to do with the Obama administration officials who went to Denmark to actually attend the summit .
Pelosi filed the required expense report - but so far has failed to explain why it was necessary for her and her colleagues to make the trip to Copenhagen in the first place .
Her arrogance is absolutely breathtaking .
As for the high hotel charges , Pelosi 's office says those who stayed two nights were charged a six - night minimum at the five - star Marriott .
Information that was probably available before Pelosi and the freeloaders made their vacation plans .
Note to the House Speaker :
We have skyrocketing deficits and national debt in this country .
The President is talking about reigning in discretionary spending .
I wonder if that would have included this junket by Pelosi and her colleagues .
I would be curious to know where Nancy Pelosi gets her sense of entitlement to simply blow hundreds of thousands of dollars of our money at Christmas time so she and her colleagues can take a little trip to Copenhagen .
Interested to know which ones made it on air ?
Matt writes :
Of course she should be required to explain the trip .
Would you not require your employee to explain an expense that was unnecessary in another business ?
Does n't she realize that she is our employee ?
Craig in Florida writes :
She should , but she wo n't .
Nancy Pelosi is clearly of the opinion that she is " above the masses ! "
She thinks she is better than the rest of the American people .
She is arrogant , dishonest and frankly , not all that smart .
Most Americans cringe whenever they see her face on the television screen because she will almost certainly embarrass them .
Vicki from Paso Robles , California writes :
Yes , she should be called on the carpet for her absolute disregard for what is happening to the people in this country …
As a Californian , I can only hope that the people in her district are paying attention and watching this arrogant , nasty woman in action .
Unfortunately , I do not live in her district so I can not vote against her !
Chris writes :
What a foolish woman and a disgraceful act .
Ms. Pelosi preaches fiscal responsibility , but it will be her actions that will long linger in the minds of independents ( I'm included ) .
Maria writes :
While Miss Pelosi and friends were having fun at our expense , most of us were deciding whether or not to exchange Christmas gifts .
Miss Pelosi should be ashamed of herself for squandering tax money .
She is a servant for the people that elected her .
She is not royalty .
Tom from Mequon , Wisconsin writes :
Jack ,
She absolutely should have to explain .
I just spent a few days in Las Vegas .
Want to bet that I had to explain to my wife where OUR money went ?
" It was definitely a shock , but I 'm very excited about going to Toronto and being a Maple Leaf .
It 's part of the business .
It 's a cliché … if Wayne Gretzky can get traded anyone can get traded .
I was very surprised , but on the other hand I 'm very excited to be going to the biggest hockey market in the world . " -- Dion Phaneuf
Dear Cecil : Living with a future ecologist is driving me crazy .
She 'll shut off the water while I 'm brushing my teeth or turn off the lights while I 'm in a five - minute shower .
Is n't it harder on the generator to shut off a light for five minutes and then turn it back than just leaving it on ?
Also , is n't it true that it takes more electricity to turn the lights on and off frequently than just to leave them on ?
Any info is welcome , as I am ...
Infuriated , Chicago
Cecil replies :
Junior eco-buffs are a curse .
I had a friend once who used to make me feel like I was squandering the nation ’s resources every time I spent more than 20 minutes in the shower .
My feeling was , some people squandered more resources than me just by breathing .
Now then .
We wo n’t discuss the water situation here , since it varies too much from time to time and from region to region to make generalizations possible .
Electricity , however , is another matter .
Humbling as it may seem , it does n’t make any appreciable difference to the generator what you personally do with your lights , since several hundred thousand consumers are on the same line as you are .
Where it does make a difference is in ( a ) your electric bill and ( b ) your light bulb bill , particularly for fluorescent lights .
At one time , manufacturers strongly advised against switching fluorescent fixtures on and off frequently because you could reduce tube life as much as 20 percent .
Downtown office buildings once left their lights on all night on the theory that it was cheaper to burn the extra juice than send a maintenance worker around every few months to change the tubes .
However , the 70s saw the introduction of longer - lasting , rapid - start tubes that last for 20,000 hours , as opposed to 10 - 12,000 with the old ones .
These you can flick on and off a little more casually , since you ’ll only be reducing tube life from 5 to 10 percent .
But do n’t get nutty about it .
The rule of thumb is that if you ’re going to be out of the room for more than 15 minutes , you ’ll save money by turning out the lights .
Thus you can cheerfully leave the lights going for the five minutes it takes you to get through with your shower .
Frankly , taking a shower in the dark seems like a pretty daredevil proposition to me .
You sure your girlfriend ’s motive is strictly conservation ?
If you ’ve got incandescent bulbs , you need n’t sweat the possibility of burning them out or wasting electricity by diddling the switch too much .
It does take a slight extra shot of electricity — called the “ inrush current ” — to boost the tungsten filament of a bulb up to operating temperature .
But the amount involved is less than it would take to burn the bulb continuously for even a couple seconds .
On the other hand , if you do go to all the trouble of shutting off your 100 - watt bathroom light for an extra five minutes every morning , you ’ll save all of about three kilowatt hours per year — less than 50 cents ’ worth .
Whoopee .
The effective way to conserve power is by replacing wasteful incandescent bulbs with fluorescents , which use less wattage to produce the same amount of light .
More importantly , buy more energy - efficient appliances , since it ’s the big items that consume 90 percent of your electricity .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
Raging Against the Machine
Xu Zhiyong was watching the 2004 Democratic convention in a shared common area at a Columbia University dormitory when we first met .
After just a few words , I knew he could understand little of the speeches on television .
It is so different from China , he said .
Political conventions in his home country were pageants :
Officials waited their turn , sat erect in their seats , and clapped only on cue and never too wildly .
Last July , my friend was the subject of a different form of high stakes political theater when he was arrested , detained , and held incommunicado for one month .
As a young and extremely enterprising attorney in Beijing , he has represented a slew of disadvantaged clients in China , from a newspaper owner beleaguered by the authorities to the victims of the contaminated baby formula sold by the Sanlu company .
When he disappeared , the first news I received appeared on the New Yorker ‘s website in the form of a headline that questioned directly , " Where is Xu Zhiyong ? "
With Google ’s threats last week to withdraw from China amid suggestions that the Chinese government was behind recent cyberattacks on its corporate infrastructure that specifically targeted the email accounts of prominent Chinese human rights activists , I was reminded again of my friend .
This episode sheds light on the obstacles faced by those struggling to improve civil liberties within China and the consequences of Google ’s potential withdrawal from that country .
In the summer of 2004 , we lived across the hall from each other at Columbia University .
A few nights a week , we held impromptu English lessons to improve his conversation skills .
We began by reviewing formal pleasantries , one of the first steps in English language courses for foreigners .
Toward the end of our first week , I realized he had only introduced himself with an English name , Sunny , and that I knew very little about him .
He typed the English spelling of his name , Xu Zhiyong , into my laptop .
He told me he was a lawyer , but he struggled to describe his work in English so he reached for Google .
A few articles had already appeared on his work and career , including a profile in the New York Times covering his campaign for a seat on Beijing ’s city council from the prestigious academic district of Haidian .
He also worked as an advocate for China ’s disenfranchised petitioners who convene in the capital on the basis of an ancient tradition that allows citizens to petition the state for redress of grievances .
While we continued our formal classes , the conversation continued on the weekends , in nearby restaurants and bars .
We watched gavel - to - gavel coverage on C - SPAN of both American political conventions .
I will not forget how my new friend ’s eyes grew wide when Bill Clinton spoke .
When Clinton finished , to raucous applause , he offered just one reflection , " Wow ! "
Originally from a rural village in the impoverished interior region of Henan , Sunny moved to the largest local city , Kaifeng , with his mother and brother as a young teenager .
His mother was illiterate , and , as the issues that he tackled became increasingly sensitive , he resisted telling her about his work .
He was concerned that she would fear for his safety and could be harassed due to his choice of career .
His brother is a regional police chief .
Over time , his roster of sensitive cases , including the Sanlu melamine baby formula milk scandal , transformed him into something of a public - interest icon .
He appeared on the cover of Mr. Fashion , the Chinese equivalent of Esquire .
However , as he sat in an unknown Beijing jail , his name was not searchable by Google within China .
His release from detention in August was , in many ways , a greater surprise than his arrest .
But he was still forced to contend with severe restrictions on his ability to communicate freely using modern technology .
My friend abandoned one tampered Gmail account for another .
For some time after his release , the authorities denied him access to an email account , blocking most all methods of communication but his cell phone , which we used to talk in those first few days after his detention suddenly ended .
For several years , we have communicated by Gmail accounts , knowing perfectly well that messages may be read , intercepted , and occasionally blocked .
There is also nothing better ; for now , we are able to communicate .
If Google vanishes from the Chinese landscape , there might be no available alternative to such communication .
Google is learning a lesson my friend did years ago :
There is no easy way to take on China ’s ruling apparatchiks .
If Google withdraws suddenly , as it has threatened , it will be abandoning China to authorities whose claim to power must be challenged , an outcome not in the interest of Google or the Chinese people .
If there is a way to triumph over the authorities in China , Xu Zhiyong ’s life and work reflects the need to vigorously challenge a system that has sought to fortify itself against internal and external attacks on its own terms .
In the end , Google would do well to follow his strategy : displaying deference when the alternative is to be completely shut out from the country , but also pushing back hard when it is threatened .
I : The Dilemma of the Commons
I do n’t usually post purely political essays on Daylight Atheism , as opposed to posts that touch on religion in some way .
But the new series beginning with this post is personally important to me , and deserves an exception .
Though I only have anecdotal evidence , it ’s my experience that the majority of atheists hold a politically liberal view .
The second largest group , a substantial minority , takes a libertarian stance .
( Classic conservativism is a distant third . )
I know many members of the second group personally – some of them post comments on this site !
At its best , libertarianism is a noble affirmation of individual dignity and freedom in the face of tyranny ; at its worst , it is a cynical and selfish excuse for the rich to exploit the poor and tell them that they deserve it .
However , even in its best incarnations , I do n’t agree with it .
Individualism is a fine thing , but so is community .
Neither is solely good or solely bad , and terrible things can result from taking either one of them too far without the counterbalance of the other .
I believe libertarianism has gone too far toward one of those ends , and in this series , I ’ll explain why .
The first and most important reason why I am not a libertarian is the dilemma of the commons .
Akin to the famous Prisoner ’s Dilemma , this problem consists of a situation where everyone could potentially take more than their fair share , or pay less than their fair cost , for the use of a public resource .
The usual solution to these problems is to introduce the notion of private property , which gives people an incentive to take care of their segment of the commons .
This is feasible in some cases , but some things – some very important things – are public by their very nature and cannot be privatized .
In such cases , the only way to solve the dilemma of the commons is to introduce an overarching authority that has the power to regulate the actions of the players .
In general , the things that cannot be privatized are natural phenomena that do not respect property lines .
The abstraction of private property assumes that the actions and effects of a given person can be neatly partitioned off , separated from the rest of the world , so that it is easy to identify who is responsible .
But nature itself cannot be divided into a set of hermetically sealed boxes .
The world in which we all must live , and which we all depend upon , is composed of an enormously complex and intricate web of interdependencies .
Any attempt by humans to draw clean lines through this tangle , identifying who is responsible for X and who is responsible for Y , is bound to end in illogic and futility .
Chief among these is the concept of environmental health .
We cannot partition the environment .
We all drink the same water ; we all breathe the same air .
Rivers , streams , aquifers and oceans cross property lines , and pollutants entering the water anywhere on the planet can cause problems almost anywhere else .
Take the example of a farmer who lives upriver and a fisherman who lives downriver .
The farmer may need to use nitrogen fertilizers to promote the growth of his crops ; but runoff from those fertilizers that leaks into the river can lead to blooms of phytoplankton that suck all the oxygen from the water , creating dead zones that suffocate the fish that fishermen depend on for their livelihood .
Clearly , private property is not going to solve this problem ; both farmer and fisherman need to make a living , both can reasonably claim ownership over their section of the river , and the requirements of each are inimical to the other ’s livelihood .
And what if the conflict is not with a fisher , but with people who use that water to drink or bathe , pitted against a company that owns another segment of the river and uses it as a waste dump ?
Whose ownership of one part of that water triumphs over the ownership rights of the other ?
Similarly , how is a libertarian system to deal with the problem of air pollution ?
A state or municipality that insists on building cheap , dirty coal - fired power plants to run its electric grid will emit sulfur , mercury and other toxins into the air , potentially causing smog and acid rain hundreds of miles away .
Similar problems occur with the owners of old , inefficient cars .
How can private property resolve this problem ?
Who owns the air ?
Certainly , no one could ever prove that it was the emissions of one individual polluter that caused any particular problem .
And what if the pollutant is not sulfur dioxide or particulates , but carbon dioxide that contributes to global warming and thereby causes destructive hurricanes , droughts and rising flood waters all over the planet ?
Again , no individual polluter is wholly responsible for these destructive side effects , and yet inarguably , the less greenhouse gas is emitted into the atmosphere , the better off we will all be .
Or , consider a common problem in the American West : homes built in chaparral and other ecosystems that are adapted to fire .
After decades of mismanagement , we have learned that our well - intentioned efforts to manage this habitat by snuffing out small fires were a terrible mistake .
Regular burns consume the dead wood from these habitats , keeping fires frequent , but small .
Trying to suppress fire altogether only leads to tinder building up until a truly gargantuan wildfire inevitably begins , one that is impossible to contain and is far more destructive than small fires would have been .
Again , private property cannot solve this problem .
How could a libertarian system handle a stubborn landowner who insisted on stamping out every fire that began on his property , putting not just himself but his neighbors in danger ?
Also , consider fish and other wild food sources .
The ocean cannot be privatized – fish schools can and do move around , after all – and as a result , fisheries worldwide are collapsing as the most sought - after species are fished to extinction .
Even worse , as a fish species draws closer to extinction and becomes rarer , demand increases and a catch can command an even higher price , leading to even more fishers seeking it .
Unfettered capitalism cannot stop this destructive spiral .
Finally , not all tragedy - of - the - commons situations involve the environment .
What about the issue of compulsory state service – for example , a military draft ?
There is no better example of a Prisoner ’s Dilemma situation than this .
In a time of war , each individual may reason that he personally is better off not joining the military .
But if everyone follows this logic , society in general will collapse and everyone will lose their freedom and possibly their lives .
Private property certainly cannot solve this dilemma .
There is no way to get rid of the commons .
The products of human industry we can buy , sell and trade , but there are some things that cannot be divided up and that no one person can own .
By their very nature , they must be shared and held in trust ; either everyone has access to them or no one does .
Clean air and water , a safe living environment , responsible use of natural resources , and national security are all among these .
A purely libertarian state , with no power to direct what individuals do on their own property , cannot adequately respond to these issues .
Instead , without abandoning the notion of private property – for it is a very useful abstraction in many cases , one that often does motivate people to do the right thing – what we need is a governing authority that can control access to the commons .
To address the valid concerns of force and fraud , this authority should be established by mutual agreement of the people , formed by widespread consent and bound by rules governing what actions it may validly take , so that it will not be exploited by one part of society to the detriment of another .
But it should not lack the ability to take effective action to prevent the destructive Prisoner ’s Dilemma situations that would otherwise arise , where the logic of individual selfishness leads to group suicide .
Only a classically liberal , rather than a libertarian , society can effectively address this problem .
Other posts in this series :
David Rose of the Mail places the Met Office obstruction of FOI requests squarely in the spotlight .
The Met Office obstruction left a singularly bad taste with their sequence of untrue excuses for not producing John Mitchell ’s Review Editor comments .
First , they claimed that Mitchell had deleted all the emails concerning AR4 .
( This excuse came on June 2 , 2008 , three days after Jones had sent an email asking Mann , Briffa , Ammann and Wahl to delete their emails concerning AR4 .
We know that Jones and Briffa had corresponded with Mitchell in March about Holland ’s request to the Met Office for Review Comments .
We do not know when Mitchell was supposed to have deleted his emails . )
When asked to search their server , they then claimed that Mitchell had acted in a “ personal ” capacity as IPCC Review Editor – sort of like NASA blogger Gavin Schmidt at realclimate – and thus they were not subject to FOI .
When asked whether Mitchell had claimed expenses and / or salary for IPCC meetings , they resiled from that excuse ( without providing the requested expenses ) , settling on a refusal excuse developed at CRU – one so repugnant that even Phil Jones said that he felt like Sir Humphrey : that providing Mitchell ’s Review Comments would interfere with UK relations with an international organization ( IPCC ) .
Contemporary accounts of the progress of the Met Office FOIs are here here here here here .
There is a very interesting backstory in which “ hide the decline ” – the leading early Climategate story – leads directly to the story about FOI obstruction .
I ’ll try to get to that story some time next week .
The issue is by no means over .
Despite its claims to be an “ open and transparent ” organization , the IPCC does not attorn to any international FOI legislation .
Its cadres in the U.S. and U.K. have used the interference with international organization to immunize the actions of national IPCC cadres from national FOI .
In one of the Climategate Letters , Phil Jones planned to ask IPCC to seek even greater immunization of national cadres from FOI legislation .
In my opinion , exactly the opposite needs to be done : in UK and US legislation regarding the relations with international organizations exemption , exclude relations with IPCC .
1956 Jaguar XK - D D- Type
History
T
he Jaguar D - Type sports cars were produced from 1954 through 1957 .
These factory - built race cars were similar to the C - Type , but given more powerful engines , improved chassis , and aerodynamic bodies .
Walter Hassan was tasked with designing a sportscar for Jaguar .
The result was the XK - 120 which showed promise on the racing circuit .
Although the alloy bodied cars were fast , it would not be a serious contender at the 24 Hours of Le Mans race .
Further development was needed .
In 1951 the XK 120 C , also known as the C - Type , was prepared and ready for testing at Le Mans .
The straight - six cylinder engine had been modified to production 210 horsepower and various other mechanical enhancements greatly improve the performance .
Three C - Types were entered in the Le Mans race with two failing to finish .
The third C - Type finished strong , winning the event while averaging 93.49 miles - per - hour .
Three experimental C - Types were entered in LeMans in 1952 .
A long tail had been applied to the C - Type in an effort to improve aerodynamics and stability during the long , straight stretches .
Unfortunately , all three failed to finish due to overheating problems .
For 1953 , the use of experimental bodies was scrapped in favor of the tradition bodies .
The factory cars were fitted with disc brakes .
In the end , this combination proved to be all that was necessary to score top finishes .
To stay ahead of the competition , Jaguar began working on a Le Mans replacement for the C - Type , resulting in six D - Types in 1954 .
The D - Type was constructed of a monocoque - type chassis welded to a subframe .
Later versions of the car were bolted , rather than welded , to allow easy detachment .
The same XK engine was used , albeit with minor modifications such as the use of dry - sump lubrication .
The frontal area to house the engine was decreased .
This was to provide for higher top speeds as Le Mans .
A large fin was place behind the driver to provide stability at speeds in excess of 150 mph .
Due to the new design , additional modifications to the shape and size of the engine were required to fit it into the engine bay .
It was tilted 8 - degrees , resulting in an off - center bump in the hood .
The 1955 D - Types used asymmetrical heads , known as ' 35/40 ' heads , with intake valves positioned at 35 - degress and exhaust valves at 40 - degrees .
Four D - Types were entered into the 1954 Le Mans race and were not enough to beat the powerful Ferraris .
1955 modifications propelled the Jaguar marque to its third LeMans victory .
A Mercedes - Benz SLR was leading the Jaguar by two laps when it was withdrawn from the race .
Though 1955 meant another victory at LeMans for Jaguar , it was a devastating year for the sport .
The Mercedes - Benz SLR's were poised to capture the victory when a tragic accident occurred , involving an SLR , and killing the driver and 80 spectators .
Mercedes - Benz withdrew from the race and from motorsports .
Most of the D - Types were single seaters and built for the race track .
During the final year of production , Jaguar offered the Jaguar XKSS , a street version of the race car .
Twenty - five of the 68 Jaguar D - Type race cars were left unsold when Jaguar decided to cease its participation in the International Sports Car Racing program .
Jaguar decided to convert the 25 remaining vehicles into road - worthy sports cars .
The rear fin was removed , bumpers were added , and the single - seater was left topless with a canvas hood available to protect the driver from the elements .
A windscreen was designed and a second door was added to accommodate passengers .
With a Dual - Overhead Cam straight - six cylinder engine with 3442 cc capacity , the vehicle could race from zero to sixty in 7.3 seconds .
The 250 horsepower output was capable of propelling the car to a top speed of nearly 150 miles - per -hour .
Excellent stopping power was provided by the 4 - wheel disc brakes .
In 1957 , the XKSS was introduced at the New York Auto Show .
Sixteen private buyers purchased the XK - SS with the majority going to the United States .
Two went to Canada , one to Hong Kong , one in the UK , and the rest to America .
There were over 300 examples being built when a fire destroyed the machinery , assembly line , and most of the XKSS models .
Steve McQueen , a film star and motor racing fan purchased one .
McQueen is famous for his documentary of the 24 Hours of LeMans .
By Daniel Vaughan | Mar 2006
Pagina 1 di 10
Progettato per chi vuole il massimo in termini di ventilazione , comfort , eleganza e funzionalità , l'Antec Fusion Remote Max è uno chassis che si pone come soluzione definitiva per l'HTPC .
LCD integrato , telecomando remote - control e software media center completano la dotazione .
For anyone interested in going into engineering , I can offer a warning : prepare to get your butt handed to you repeatedly by nature .
Many of the processes at the forefront of engineering technology are just trying to play catch - up with what nature has done an innumerable number of times .
Photosynthesis , genetic replication , the creation of joints , even the simple act of flight — nature has done it before , with greater ease , and often cheaper or more efficiently .
A paper in the current issue of Science discusses the ability of a single - celled creature to create a robust network while foraging for food — one that mimicked the Tokyo rail system in complexity .
Creating a good network is a balancing act ; you need to span a large number of nodes with a minimal number of edges ( keeping cost low ) , while being able to function when an edge is lost ( fault tolerant ) .
Problems of this type are a shining example of the adage " fast , cheap , or good : pick any two . "
Many organisms grow in the form of a connected network , and they have the benefit of innumerable generations of natural selection behind them .
Selective pressures have forced the organism to find a happy balance among connectedness , fault tolerance , and cost / efficiency .
The authors of the Science article use the slime mold Physarum polycephalum as their biological network generator , and it served as a muse for the creation of an adaptive network model .
Physarum is a single - celled amoeboid organism that spends its time searching for physically distributed sources of food .
When starting on a fresh substrate , it spreads in all directions to maximize the area it is capable of searching .
Behind the outer perimeter of its search area , it forms a tubular network that connects cells to any food sources that it has discovered .
Over the course of a few hours , the network it forms connects the food sources in a manner that optimizes the network 's properties .
As part of their experimentation with the slime , the researchers placed 36 food sources on a substrate in a manner that mimicked the geographical layout of cities around Tokyo .
( Physarum is apparently fond of oat flakes . )
They then introduced the slime mold to the foraging grounds and compared the network that it formed with the actual Tokyo rail network in place around the city .
Initially , the Physarum began to spread out over the entire available area but , over time , it concentrated its network on the tubes that connected the food sources .
The resulting network topology " bore similarity to the real rail network . "
To see if the organism could be coaxed into an even closer match , the researchers used light — which is known to inhibit the growth of physarum — to simulate mountains , lakes , or similar impasses that the actual rail network must contend with .
While looking like the real network is nice , it 's not exactly an objective measure .
To attempt to quantify the similarity , the researchers examined a handful of metrics used for describing topological networks .
The cost of the network ( total length ) , efficiency ( average minimum distance between nodes ) , and robustness ( degree of fault tolerance ) were examined relative to the minimum spanning tree ( MST ) for each network .
The MST represents the smallest possible network that connects all the food source ( or city rail station ) positions .
When compared to the length of the MST , the Tokyo rail system was 1.8 times larger , while the Physarum network was 1.75 �0.30 times larger .
The average minimum distance between cities ( food sources ) was 0.85 and 0.85�0.04 , respectively .
These two measurements illustrate the fact that Physarum - based networks have a lower " cost " but provide a relatively equal distance between nodes .
One place where engineers did a bit better : the amoeba 's networks were not as robust as the actual rail network .
For the rails , four percent of the possible faults could lead to the isolation of a node , whereas a fault in the Physarum network has a 14�4 percent chance of leading to an isolated food source .
That just wo n't do for Tokyo , given the frequency of monster attacks there .
Using these observations of network formation , the researchers attempted to develop a model that was capable of describing the network 's formation .
Using a simple fluid flow model for the arms , along with sink / source terms to represent the food sources , they were able to reproduce the Physarum network with the help of a pair of free parameters .
The authors conclude that planners might consider using the model during the preliminary planning stages of other self - organized networks , such as remote sensors arrays or mobile , ad - hoc networks .
Science , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1126/science.1177894
This week ’s BusinessWeek cover story is about the increasingly competitive relationship between once - cozy Apple and Google .
It contains a bold forecast by Jonathan Yarmis , a research fellow at consulting firm Ovum :
Yarmis thinks
Apple may soon decide to dump Google as the default search engine on its devices , primarily to cut Google off from mobile data that could be used to improve its advertising and Android technology .
[ Apple CEO ]
Jobs might cut a deal with — gasp ! —Microsoft to make Bing Apple ’s engine of choice , or even launch its own search engine , Yarmis says .
“ I fully expect [ Apple ] to do something in search , ” he adds .
“ If there ’s all these advertising dollars to be won , why would it want Google on its iPhones ? ”
Well , Apple would want Google on its iPhones because it sells phones .
Hands up , who wants a Google - less iPhone ?
But there ’s a nagging truth here : Search engines on mobile devices have n’t been figured out yet .
Typing text into a little box is aggravating .
Voice - powered search tools have a high goof rate .
Google , Yahoo and Microsoft have spent millions on R&D , but it feels like mobile search needs a breakthrough app — the sort of thing Apple loves to do .
Yarmis agrees .
“ [ Google chief executive ] Eric Schmidt has said that the search problem is 99 % solved , but , boy , is that self - serving , ” he told BusinessWeek .
“ The fact that I have to go to a search bar at all is a sign of failure . ”
Fix that , and you could sell a lot of phones .
Copyright 2010 VentureBeat .
All Rights Reserved .
In the continuing theater of BLS absurdities , the unemployment rate fell to 9.7 % in spite of a 25th consecutive month of job losses .
Some stopped counting at 22 months in November .
However , I find November questionable .
This month professional services contributed 44,00 jobs to the plus side , but 52,000 of them were part - time jobs .
Amazingly a table below shows the number of part - time workers decreased by 849,000 from last month .
Go figure .
Moreover , the so - called 64,000 rise in November can be attributed to the seasonally adjusted hiring of 94,000 temporary workers .
Here is a look at revisions ....
BLS Revisions
Household Revisions
The above table does not affect the unemployment rate .
Revisions to the Household Survey do .
Here are the household revisions .
Bingo .
Just like that the population shrank as did the civilian labor force .
For some reason the BLS does this in pieces .
The following chart shows the result .
There are now a whopping 2.5 million people without a job but want one , yet are not counted as unemployed .
So yes , the " official unemployment rate " can hold its own or even drop with this kind of nonsense .
Now for a closer look at the report ....
This morning , the Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) released the January 2010 Employment Report .
The unemployment rate fell from 10.0 to 9.7 percent in January , and nonfarm payroll employment was essentially unchanged ( - 20,000 ) , the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported today .
Employment fell in construction and in transportation and warehousing , while temporary help services and retail trade added jobs ..
Establishment Data
click on chart for sharper image
Highlights
20,000 jobs were lost in total vs. 150,000 jobs last month .
75,000 construction jobs were lost vs. 32,000 last month .
11,000 manufacturing jobs were added vs. 23,000 lost last month .
vs. 23,000 last month .
48,000 service providing jobs were added vs. 69,000 lost last month .
vs. 69,000 last month .
42,000 retail trade jobs were added vs. 18,000 lost last month .
vs. 18,000 last month .
44,000 professional and business services jobs were added vs. 20,000 last month .
vs. 20,000 last month .
16,000 education and health services jobs were added vs. 26,000 last month .
vs. 26,000 last month .
14,000 leisure and hospitality jobs were lost vs. 41,000 last month .
8,000 government jobs were lost vs. 27,000 last month .
52,000 temporary help jobs were added vs 58,000 last month and a whopping 94,000 in November .
November added 94,000 temporary jobs seasonally adjusted .
Even if true it is hardly anything to crow about but it does explain the positive job growth in November .
A total of 60,000 goods producing jobs were lost ( higher paying jobs ) .
Index of Aggregate Weekly Hours
Birth Death Model Revisions 2009
Birth Death Model Revisions 2009
Birth / Death Model Revisions
BLS Black Box
The net birth / death model component figures are unique to each month and exhibit a seasonal pattern that can result in negative adjustments in some months .
These models do not attempt to correct for any other potential error sources in the CES estimates such as sampling error or design limitations .
Note that the net birth / death figures are not seasonally adjusted , and are applied to not seasonally adjusted monthly employment links to determine the final estimate .
The most significant potential drawback to this or any model - based approach is that time series modeling assumes a predictable continuation of historical patterns and relationships and therefore is likely to have some difficulty producing reliable estimates at economic turning points or during periods when there are sudden changes in trend .
Household Data
In January , the number of unemployed persons decreased to 14.8 million , and the unemployment rate fell by 0.3 percentage point to 9.7 percent .
The number of long - term unemployed ( those jobless for 27 weeks and over ) continued to trend up in January , reaching 6.3 million .
Since the start of the recession in December 2007 , the number of longterm unemployed has risen by 5.0 million .
In January , the civilian labor force participation rate was little changed at 64.7 percent .
The employment - population ratio rose from 58.2 to 58.4 percent .
The number of persons who worked part time for economic reasons ( sometimes referred to as involuntary part - time workers ) fell from 9.2 to 8.3 million in January .
These individuals were working part time because their hours had been cut back or because they were unable to find a full - time job .
Persons Not in the Labor Force
About 2.5 million persons were marginally attached to the labor force in January , an increase of 409,000 from a year earlier .
( The data are not seasonally adjusted . )
These individuals were not in the labor force , wanted and were available for work , and had looked for a job sometime in the prior 12 months .
They were not counted as unemployed because they had not searched for work in the 4 weeks preceding the survey .
Among the marginally attached , there were 1.1 million discouraged workers in January , up from 734,000 a year earlier .
( The data are not seasonally adjusted . )
Discouraged workers are persons not currently looking for work because they believe no jobs are available for them .
The remaining 1.5 million people marginally attached to the labor force had not searched for work in the 4 weeks preceding the survey for reasons such as school attendance or family responsibilities .
Table A - 8 Part Time Status
Regardless , there are still millions of workers whose hours will rise before companies start hiring more workers .
Table A - 15
Grim Statistics
The Dubai Fountain is a large display of water jets gushing out of a puddle at the foot of the Burj Dubai ( a tall building in Dubai ) next to the Dubai Mall .
Emaar , the developer of the Burj Dubai and the Downtown Burj Dubai area , announced the fountain in June 2008 , with the astonishing development cost of AED 800 million , about the same as what it costs to build a moderate sized apartment tower , the new Oasis Center , or half the Yas Island Circuit …
“ The total development value of the Burj Dubai Lake , the fountain and its advanced filtrations systems is AED 800 million ( US $ 218 million ) ”
Photo Source sergeydolya.livejournal.com
Check more Daily News
WASHINGTON — Sens. Joe Lieberman ( I - CT ) and John McCain ( R - AZ ) on Thursday introduced bipartisan legislation to slap new human rights sanctions on Iran ’s leaders .
But Lieberman ’s concerns about human rights abuses are apparently limited to foreign shores , since he has defended the use of torture when Americans engage in it .
And he ’s even cracked jokes about it .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This legislation would authorize the president to deny visas and freeze economic assets of people in Iran who are responsible for the kind of brutality that we ’re seeing , ” Lieberman said in an appearance on MSNBC Thursday .
He called the Iranian regime “ fanatical ” and said “ it ’s time to start targeting the Iranian human rights abusers . ”
The independent from Connecticut has defended the use of waterboarding , an interrogation technique that simulates drowning .
“ We ought to be able to use something like waterboarding , ” he told Fox News ’ Greta van Susteren less than a year ago , adding it could be necessary to prevent “ an imminent attack on the United States like 9/11 or , god forbid , worse . ”
While lawmakers are divided as to its constitutionality , intelligence and counterterrorism experts largely agree it ’s a clear - cut example of torture , which is illegal under US law .
The international human rights group Amnesty International denounces torture as “ immoral , ” “ cruel ” and “ inhuman , ” while the organization Human Rights Education Associates says “ [ t ] orture is a serious violation of human rights and is strictly prohibited by international law . ”
Lieberman explained his stance by claiming waterboarding leaves no “ permanent damage , ” as Raw Story reported in 2008 .
“ It is not like putting burning coals on people ’s bodies .
The person is in no real danger .
The impact is psychological , ” Lieberman said .
ADVERTISEMENT
David Dayden of the liberal Web site FireDogLake noted that Lieberman and McCain ’s bill “ would sanction human rights abusers in Iran ” but “ not those in America who abused human rights through torture or rendition . ”
One year ago , Lieberman joked about waterboarding while speaking during a black - tie dinner at the Washington Alfafa Club .
Referring to former vice president Dick Cheney ’s back , he said , “ ‘ Apparently , he hurt it moving some things out of his office .
Personally , I had no idea that waterboards were so heavy , ” according to Politico .
He made a similar joke at this year ’s Alfafa Club dinner less than two weeks ago , suggesting changing the name of Guantanamo Bay to the “ Richard B. Cheney Resort and Rehabilitation Spa ” would help keep it open , MSNBC recounts .
“ I bet the water sports will be really great , ” he added .
ADVERTISEMENT
Lieberman also opposed the investigation and ostensible prosecution of Bush administration officials who crafted legal arguments in favor of waterboarding and other harsh interrogation techniques .
He blasted Obama ’s release of the Bush torture memos last year , alleging it “ helps our enemies . ”
The leading civil rights group ACLU recently slammed Lieberman for suggesting Christmas bomber Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab be treated as a prisoner of war and stripped of any rights to due process or a federal trial , as Raw Story reported .
The group , which has given him a lifetime civil liberties score of 54 percent , suggested he and others want to “ discard the Constitution ” when it ’s inconvenient .
ADVERTISEMENT
Politico reports that the bill is being co-sponsored by Democratic Sens. Evan Bayh ( IN ) , Dick Durbin ( D - IL ) , Kirsten Gillibrand ( NY ) , Robert Casey ( PA ) and Ted Kaufman ( DE ) , along with Republican Sens. Lindsey Graham ( SC ) , Susan Collins ( ME ) , Sam Brownback ( KS ) and Jon Kyl ( AZ ) .
Its co-author McCain , who was himself tortured in 1967 at the hands of the North Vietnamese , has opposed waterboarding , calling it “ a horrible torture technique ” in 2007 .
But McCain voted against a Democratic bill in 2008 banning it and supported President Bush ’s ensuing veto after Congress approved it .
While maintaining his clear denunciation of waterboarding , the Arizona senator claimed it would stifle other important forms of intelligence gathering .
ADVERTISEMENT
McCain said last year on CBS News the Obama administration ’s desire to prosecute former Bush officials complicit in torture was less about honoring the law than an attempt to “ settle old political scores . ”
Iran held a highly controversial presidential election last year wherein the incumbent forces used lethal force to clamp down on protests , killing numerous citizens .
While President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad maintained power , the legitimacy of his election is widely questioned .
Agence France - Presse reports that on Thursday , the 31st anniversary of the Iranian Revolution , the nation ’s police officers are again brutally assaulting protesters , using tear gas and batons to stifle dissent .
McCain said Thursday this bill sanctions Iran for its use of “ violence and oppression ” to “ crush the peaceful aspirations of Iran ’s citizens . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Thursday hailed Iran as a “ nuclear ” nation .
On Wednesday , the US Treasury Department moved to place sanctions on Iran ’s Revolutionary Guard , The Hill reported .
As the United States Peace Corps receives the highest single - year increase in spending in its nearly 50 year history , that National Peace Corps Association ( NPCA ) and its MorePeaceCorps Campaign has released the findings of a survey on how to improve and embolden the Peace Corps to meet key challenges in the 21st century .
A key overriding message from the survey centers on the need to improve volunteer projects and programming .
Survey participants consistently gave high rankings to survey questions and categories that dealt with matters such as training , improving the quality of volunteers , better matching volunteers to projects and making sure those projects meet local community needs .
While there was strong support for expanding collaboration and partnerships with other federal agencies , development and humanitarian NGOs and indigenous organizations , survey respondents also stressed the importance to maintain the independent nature of Peace Corps in relation to broader foreign policy objectives .
“ The recent announcements of Peace Corps ’ intention to return to Indonesia and Sierra Leone and the continued growth of applications from volunteers are exciting indicators of the opportunities to expand the number of volunteers in the field ” , said NPCA President Kevin Quigley .
“ As we begin to grow Peace Corps once again , it is particularly important that the growth of volunteers is coupled with plans to improve the quality of the Peace Corps experience , enhance its impact and develop ways to engage fellow global citizens all around the world . ”
Conducted last October , the Better , Bolder Peace Corps Survey drew responses from more than 4,500 participants representing a broad cross-section of the Peace Corps community .
Nearly 40 % of survey respondents identified themselves as volunteers who served in the past decade .
There was strong consistency in the responses of these individuals with other participants who served in the earlier years of Peace Corps .
An executive summary and full report from the survey has been posted online and can be accessed by visiting www.peacecorpsconnect.org/advocacy/betterboldersurveyresults.
Foam fight : Brussels brought to a standstill as protesting firefighters turn their hoses on police
When a disgruntled group of Belgian firefighters wanted to press for speedier promotions , an ordinary street demonstration just would n't cut it .
Instead , the 150 - strong group turned to their trusty water trucks to make themselves seen - blocking the streets of the capital Brussels with a spectacular foam display .
Making use of the hoses usually reserved for fires , the emergency workers sprayed foam from 20 trucks over a main road in central Brussels , blocking traffic in the busy area .
More than 150 firefighters covered central Brussels with foam to protest over pay
Police were helpless as they were sprayed with foam during the protest
The streets resembled a winter wonderland as the thick layer of white foam coated the road and nearby buildings .
Police who arrived to calm the protest were helpless as their comrades covered them in foam , and many officers were spotted laughing .
Not happy with just stopping traffic they then turned their hoses on nearby government buildings - including the Brussels ' Minister President 's office .
The firemen also lit several fires to attract attention , before quickly putting them out
Protesters used their firefighting trucks to scale government buildings and cover them with foam
Government buildings , including the Minister President 's office , were targeted in the attack
The protesters also used their ladders to get onto the roof of government buildings as sirens wailed below .
The firefighters also changed roles for the day - lighting small fires on the roads before quickly putting them out .
The workers are demanding clearer rules with regards to nominations and promotions .
One policeman saw the funny side as he was covered in foam
According to neuroscientists , having a lack of willpower is n't a character flaw , it could all be down to the physical make - up of the brain .
US science writer Jonah Lehrer explains an experiment by a psychologist at Stanford University which shows " just how weak your willpower muscles are " .
Advertisement
Dear Lifehacker ,
I 'd love to get rid of cable and stream all my favorite TV shows right from the internet .
What do I need to know before I take the plunge ?
Signed ,
Ready to Cut the Coaxial
Photo by sociotard .
Join the club !
Some of us at Lifehacker HQ have already left or are ready to leave the cable company for 24/7 live TV streaming , too .
We get this question all the time , and we 've examined ditching the monthly bill in favor of watching programs online occasionally in the past , and we 've also looked at ways to get your TV fix with apps like Boxee and Hulu , plus there are cool set - top devices like Roku and TiVo , but this is a good opportunity to get exhaustive .
There are so many great options for catching a show here or there , but can you rely on them to replicate the cable TV experience ?
Well , yes and no .
Advertisement
If you 're going to unplug from the cable company , prepare to exercise some patience when it comes to watching your favorite shows as soon as they air — it can take anywhere from a day to a week for them to appear online .
Also , be ready to do some digging around to find who 's streaming special events , sports , and other programming outside of the drama / sitcom variety .
Let 's take a look at ways to find certain types of programming without relying on your cable company .
Watch TV Online
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
You can watch most of your favorite network shows by simply streaming them directly from the networks ' web sites .
They 're often available a few hours after they air , and regularly have additional goodies like behind - the - scenes footage or teasers for upcoming episodes .
In addition to official network sites , more and more useful tools are popping up every day to help you get your TV fix online .
Advertisement
If you 're nuts for Psych , The Daily Show , or other cable TV shows , Hulu 's got you covered .
Some programs take a week to turn up on the web site , though , so you 'll have to exercise some patience and avoid spoilers for a few days .
On the other hand , Hulu has a bunch of nice features that let you organize , queue , and search shows .
There 's a desktop app that works with standard Apple or Windows Media Center Remotes .
If you 're sporting Windows 7 on your computer , do n't forget to check out the Hulu Integration app for Windows Media Center .
Advertisement
Watch Movies Online
Advertisement
Advertisement
Watch Sports Online
Advertisement
Watching professional sports without cable is a tougher nut to crack and , depending on the event , you may have no choice but to head to your local sports bar .
Even with cable , however , there 's no guarantee you 'll be able to access your favorite team 's game .
Fortunately , professional sports associations are getting in on the online action and streaming some or all of their televised games via paid subscriber network .
Advertisement
Yes , subscriptions that let you watch professional sports still cost you some coin , but a one - time fee of $ 50 - $ 150 per season to catch your favorite games is better than paying $ 50 or more a month all year for cable .
Of course , some events , like the Olympics , will have several viewing options to choose from .
Advertisement
Set -Top Boxes and Gadgets
Advertisement
Set - top devices like Roku and TiVo let you stream movies and some television shows directly from Netflix , Blockbuster , and similar subscription services .
They 're great options for scratching that movie itch , and perfect for times when you feel like browsing viewing options until something strikes your fancy .
Advertisement
The Antenna Option
Finally , though you probably already know this , you can watch your home teams , local news , and , yes , even LOST without cable .
In fact , these are the easiest types of shows to get because they 're free and just require a TV antenna to capture .
If you have an HD - ready TV , you can even pick up high - def channels .
Not sure what kind of antenna gives you the most bang for your geographical buck ?
AntennaWeb will help you figure out which antenna works best for your house based on where you live , and even tell you which way to point it .
But you 're here to watch TV online , so let 's get to it .
Advertisement
So , Coax , here 's a few ways to get you started on the road to cable - free living .
We 'd love to hear more ideas from readers who 've axed their cable , and we 'll update this post as tips roll in .
Advertisement
Love ,
Lifehacker
Apple is in talks to bring its rumored tablet device to the 3G networks of both Verizon and AT&T , according to reports .
Since Verizon uses the wireless network standard called CDMA , and AT&T uses the GSM standard , Apple may have to produce two different versions of the device , according to a report at Fox News .
Then again , a " world edition " device that runs on both network types may not be out of the question -- assuming Apple 's new product will have cellular connectivity at all .
A third option may be Apple may not have a carrier deal lined up for its product launch next Wednesday .
This might mean Apple may not be able to announce pricing of a tablet at the event .
This latest rumor also suggests
Apple is confident that public demand for its rumored tablet will be high enough to warrant releasing the device on two different networks .
Meanwhile the research firm Retrevo has some interesting insight into how much consumers will pay for a tablet and what they want and do n't want from Apple in terms of connectivity .
Connectivity Everywhere
Fox News believes the Verizon version of the tablet will be designed to automatically switch between Verizon 's public hotspots and the carrier 's 3G network when no Wi-Fi connection is available .
Verizon would offer free access to its Wi-Fi hotspots as part of the rumored tablet 's data plan .
The tablet on AT&T would likely have the same feature since AT&T's iPhone users already receive free access to AT&T Wi-Fi hotspots .
AT&T says it has more than 20,000 hotspots nationwide including , while Verizon has just fewer than 15,000 .
Tablet on the cheap ?
If the tablet is going to be a carrier - specific device this also raises some questions about pricing .
Retrevo research reveals 70 percent of those surveyed would not buy a tablet if it cost more than $ 700 .
Most estimates put the rumored tablet 's price tag closer to $ 1000 , which means Apple would likely need to offer a carrier - subsidized device to encourage widespread adoption .
Problem is , a monthly data plan for the tablet could also discourage sales .
Forty - four percent of those surveyed by Retrevo said they would not buy a tablet that required a monthly data plan .
Verizon and Apple Rumors
The suggestion that Apple 's latest device may show up on Verizon 's network also raises the question of whether Apple 's other mobile product , the iPhone , will ever be offered by Verizon .
The latest rumors say Apple will announce an iPhone deal with Verizon at its " latest creation " event next Wednesday .
But it should be pointed out the iPhone on Verizon rumor has been suggested several times , and yet the device remains an AT&T exclusive .
In other words : do n't get your hopes up .
Loose Ends
The AT&T / Verizon tablet rumor is the second time it 's been suggested Apple has a few loose ends to tie up before the device can officially launch .
On Monday , the Wall Street Journal reported that Apple was still in talks with publisher Harper Collins to bring e-books to Apple 's new device .
Connect with Ian on Twitter ( @ianpaul ) .
Paul McKerrow was an all - American boy .
Raised in Helena , Montana , he was the quarterback for his high - school football team , which is as close to being idolised as many small - town Americans come .
He was also his class president , the ­valedictorian of his year in 1985 and voted most likely to succeed by his classmates .
He was tall and ruggedly good - looking .
McKerrow , in short , had it made and great things were expected of him .
So it was with some trepidation that McKerrow recently attended his 20 - year high - school reunion as Kimberly Reed , a lesbian , New York - based film - maker who had had gender reassignment to become a woman .
" It was very emotional .
I wanted it to go smoothly .
People get freaked out enough by going to their high - school reunion .
But having a new gender is a big surprise for a lot of people , " Reed said .
Yet Reed found that her worries were unfounded .
Defying the preconceptions that surround many people 's views of small - town America , she was welcomed home with open arms .
" It has been really great .
It really was easy .
That became the surprise , " she said .
Reed has now made a documentary about her story , which has become a major hit on the American film festival circuit .
The movie , called Prodigal Sons , is getting its cinematic release in New York in two weeks and has already won plaudits from the critics for its painful and honest depiction of Reed 's experience , as well as that of her ­family , ­especially her brother , Marc .
It has been called " exceptional " by the Village Voice and " superb " by the San Francisco Chronicle and has won nine awards .
Certainly , Reed 's story is fertile ­territory for exploration .
She said she had always felt uncomfortable growing up as a boy , despite the fact she clearly excelled at traditional male activities such as American football .
In the time before the internet , she used to spend many hours in Helena 's libraries looking for information that would help explain her feelings .
" I really tried to suppress it during my school years .
But it was something that I knew was going on for as long as I can remember , " she said .
Reed finally went to college in San Francisco .
In the more liberated environment of the West Coast , she came to decide that she was a woman born in a man 's body .
Gradually , her identity as a woman began to emerge and she started spending part of her time as Paul and part as Kim .
Eventually , Kim came out fully and she underwent gender reassignment and became a lesbian , living and working in the film industry as a woman .
When Kim returned to Montana , first for the death of her father and then for her high - school reunion , it seemed like a natural subject for a documentary .
But Prodigal
Sons is not just about Kim 's shifting identity .
In its examination of her family and the changes that time can bring , it also tells the heart - rending and surprising story of Marc Kim 's brother .
Marc , who was adopted , suffered serious brain damage in a car accident when he was 21 .
He also attended the 20th high - school reunion ( although older than Kim , he was held back a year ) with a different identity ; one caused by the personality changes that the crash caused , leaving him reliant on medication and prone to temper tantrums .
But perhaps the most stunning identity change charted in the film is Marc 's quest to find his real parents .
To the amazement of everybody , Marc discovered his real mother was the daughter of film - maker Orson Welles and actress Rita Hayworth .
That discovery fundamentally altered the way the two siblings perceived each other .
" Marc always envied my genes .
Now I am envying his , " laughed Kim .
Such revelations make the movie surprisingly universal in its appeal .
Though the film's two main characters undergo extreme changes in identity , Kim said anyone can find common ground with their experiences .
" We all grow up and become someone new in one way or another .
My family 's experience is a bit more dramatic than usual , but it happens to all of us , " she said .
She even said that returning home and making the movie had allowed her to appreciate the fact she was born a boy , rather than rejecting her previous identity altogether .
" I am glad that I had that upbringing .
It taught me that I can do anything , " she said .
The Russians are Coming … With a More Energy Efficient Ceramic Nanocoating
December 23rd , 2009 by Tina Casey
The Russian Corporation of Nanotechnologies ( RUSNANO ) is moving forward with an energy saving process for applying ceramic nanocoatings on metal surfaces .
A more efficient process could pick up the pace for replacing toxic chemicals , heavy metals , volatile organic compounds , and other hazardous materials with safer , more sustainable anti-corrosion nanomaterials .
[ social_buttons ]
Ceramic coatings are nothing new , but the conventional technology for applying them is energy intensive .
RUSNANO hopes to improve on that with a more energy efficient design that also results in better performance and a longer lifespan .
Ceramic Nanocoatings
Ceramic nanocoatings are coming into their own as a more sustainable class of corrosion fighters with the potential for widespread application in the infrastructure ( bridges , pipes , etc. ) , automotive , and electronics sectors .
RUSNANO anticipates that a more cost - effective process would also enable ceramic nanocoatings to replace or supplement conventional decorative coatings for metals such as aluminum , magnesium , titanium , and zirconium .
Nanotechnology is also emerging as an important element in solar power technology .
Nanocoatings have been developed that enable solar panels to stay clean with less water , and that boost solar cell efficiency .
A More Energy Efficient Ceramic Nanocoating Process
Microarc oxidation is the conventional means of applying ceramic coatings .
It involves chemically converting a metal into its oxide ( a chemical compound that includes one or more atoms of oxygen ) .
Also called plasma electrolytic oxidation , the process requires a lot of energy to achieve the conversion .
The Russian researchers claim to have developed an improved microarc oxidation design that uses less energy , while resulting in a finish that resists heat and corrosion more effectively .
If it is successfully commercialized , the new microarc process could replace electroplating , anodizing , and other treatments that involve hazardous materials and produce hazardous waste .
Image : Russian church by thisisbossi on flickr.com .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
About the Author Tina Casey specializes in military and corporate sustainability , advanced technology , emerging materials , biofuels , and water and wastewater issues .
Tina ’s articles are reposted frequently on Reuters , Scientific American , and many other sites .
Views expressed are her own .
Follow her on Twitter @TinaMCasey and Google +.
Posted on by steve blank
This is Part VI of how I came to write “ The Secret History of Silicon Valley “ .
This post makes a lot more sense if you look at the earlier posts as well as the video and slides .
— — — — —-
The next piece of the Secret History of Silicon Valley puzzle came together when Tom Byers , Tina Selig and Mark Leslie invited me to teach entrepreneurship in the Stanford Technology Ventures Program ( STVP ) in Stanford ’s School of Engineering .
My office is in the Terman Engineering Building .
Fred Terman – the Cover Story
I ’d heard of Terman but I did n’t really know what he did – his biography said that he was one of the preeminent radio engineers in the 1930 ’s literally writing the textbooks .
He was the professor who helped his students Bill Hewlett and David Packard start a company in 1939 .
In World War II he headed up something called the Harvard Radio Research Lab .
There was plenty in his biography about his post WWII activities : chair of electrical engineering in 1937 , dean of engineering in 1946 , provost in 1955 .
He started the Stanford Honors Co-op in 1954 which allowed companies in the valley to send their engineers to Stanford graduate engineering programs .
74HGZA3MZ6SV
Since I was interested in the history of Silicon Valley , Entrepreneurship , and now Terman , I began to understand that Terman had a lot to do with the proliferation of microwave companies in Silicon Valley in the 1950 ’s and ’ 60’s .
But how ?
And why ?
So I started to read all I could find on the development of microwaves .
That led me back to the history of radar in World War II – and a story you may not know .
What Does WWII Have to Do with Silicon Valley ?
Just a quick history refresher .
In December 1941 , the Japanese attack Pearl Harbor , and Germany declares war on the United States .
And while the Soviets are fighting the Germans in massive land battles in eastern Europe , until the allies invade Western Europe in June 1944 , the only way the U.S. and Britian can affect German war - fighting capability is by mounting a Strategic Bombing campaign , from England .
Their goal was to destroy the German capability to wage war by aerial bombing the critical infrastructure of the German war machine .
The allies bombed the German petroleum infrastructure , aircraft manufacturing infrastructure , chemical infrastructure , and transportation infrastructure .
The Americans and British split up the air campaign : the British bombed at night , the Americans during the day .
The Odds Were n’t Good
These bombers flew for 7 + hours from England and over occupied Europe , through a gauntlet of intense antiaircraft fire and continuous attack by German fighter planes .
And they got it coming and going to the target .
But what the bomber crews did n’t know was that the antiaircraft fire and German fighters they encountered were controlled via a sophisticated radar - guided electronic air defense system covering all of occupied Europe and Germany .
The German electronic air defense system was designed to detect the allied bomber raids , target and aim the German radar - guided weapons , and destroy the American and British bombers .
The German air defense system had 100’s of early warning radars , and thousands of radar controlled anti-aircraft guns , and Ground Controlled Intercept radars to guide the fighters into the bombers .
And the German night fighters had their own on - board radar .
In all the Germans had over 7,500 radars dedicated to tracking and killing the allied bombers .
Each allied bombing mission lost 2 - 20 % of their planes .
Bomber crews had to fly 25 missions to go home .
The German objective was to make strategic bombing too costly for the Allies to continue .
By 1942 the Allied Air Command recognized they needed to reduce allied losses to fighters and flak .
We needed a way to shut down the German Air Defense system .
( Bear with me as this history takes you from the skies of Europe to Fred Terman . )
The Electronic Shield
To shut it down we first needed to understand the German “ Radar Order of Battle . ”
What radars did the Germans have and what were their technical characteristics ?
How effective they were ?
What weapons were they associated with ?
We needed to find out all this stuff and then we needed to figure out how to confuse it and make it ineffective .
So the U.S. set up a top secret , 800 - person lab to do just that , first , to gather signals intelligence to understand the “ Radar Order of Battle ” and then , to wage “ electronic warfare ” by building mechanical and electronic devices to severely hamper the Germans ’ ability to target and aim their weapons .
Ferrets and Crows – Signals Intelligence
The first job of the secret lab was to find and understand the German air defense system .
So we invented the U.S. Signals Intelligence industry in about 12 months ( with help from their British counterparts at the Telecommunications Research Establishment . )
These mission of the planes called Ferrets , manned by crews called Crows , was to find and understand the German electronic air defense system .
We stripped out B - 24 bombers , took out all the bomb racks , took out all the bombs and even took out all the guns .
And we filled it with racks of receivers and displays , wire and strip recorders and communications intercept equipment that could search the electromagnetic spectrum from 50 megahertz to 3 gigahertz , and this is 1943 .
We flew these unarmed planes in and out of Germany alongside our bombers and basically built up the “ radar order of battle . ”
We now understood where the German radars were , their technical details and what weapons they controlled .
Tin Foil Rain – Chaff
We first decided to shut down the German radars that were directing the anti-aircraft guns and the fighter planes .
And to do that we dropped tin foil on the Germans .
No kidding .
Radar engineers had observed if you cut a strip of aluminum foil to 1 / 2 the wavelength of a radar transmitter and throw it in front of the radars antenna , the radar signal would reflect perfectly .
All the radar operator would see was noise , rather than airplanes .
Well , you could n’t stand in front of the German radars and throw out tin foil , but you could if you had a fleet of airplanes .
Each plane threw out packets of aluminum foil ( called “ chaff ” . )
The raid on Hamburg in July , 1943 was the first use of chaff in World War II .
It completely shut down the German air defense system in and around Hamburg .
The British and then the Americans firebombed the city with minimal air losses .
Chaff used 3/4’s of all the aluminum foil in the U.S. in World War II , because by the end of the war , every bomber stream was dumping chaff on every mission .
Jam It and Shut it Down – Electronic Warfare
But this secret lab was focused on electronic warfare .
So they systematically designed electronic devices called “ jammers ” to shut down each part of the German air defense system .
Think of a “ jammer ” as a radio transmitter broadcasting noise on the same frequency of the enemy radar set .
The goal is to overwhelm the enemy radar with noise so they could n’t see the bombers .
We built electronic jammers to target each part of the German air defense system : their early warning radars , the short range radars , the antiaircraft gun radars , the Ground Control Intercept Radars , the air to ground radio links and even the radars onboard the German night fighters .
By the end of the war we had put multiple jammers on every one of our bombers , and while their power output was ridiculously low , these jammers were flying in formation with 1,000 other planes with their jammers on , and the combined power was enough to confuse the radar operators .
Just to give you a sense of scale of how big this electronic warfare effort was , we built over 30,000 jammers , with entire factories running 24/7 in the U.S. making nothing but jammers to put on our bombers .
By the end of World War II , over Europe , a bomber stream no longer consisted of just planes with bombs .
Now the bombers were accompanied by electronics intelligence planes looking for new radar signals , escort bombers just full of jammers and others full of chaff , as well as P - 51 fighter planes patrolling alongside our bomber stream .
Every WWII Movie and Book with a Bomber was Wrong
While there were lots of stories about how the British early warning radar system , called “ Chain Home ” saved England during the Battle of Britain by giving the Spitfire pilots time to scramble to intercept German bombers , there was n’t a coherent story about American and British bombers encountering the German radar - guided air defense system .
This lack of information meant that every World War II movie or book that had airplanes on bombing missions in it was wrong .
Every one of them .
( To someone who had grown up with reruns of WWII war movies on TV , this was a shock . )
Every movie I had seen – 12 O’clock High , Memphis Belle , etc. – assumed that there were no electronics other than radios on these bombers .
Wrong .
Not only did n’t the movie makers know , but the pilots and crews did n’t know about the German radar guided system trying to kill them .
Nor did they know about the electronic shield being assembled to try to protect them .
But while this may be a great story what the does this have to do with the history of Silicon Valley ?
The answer lies with who ran this lab and became the father of electronic warfare and Signals Intelligence in the Cold War for the next 20 years .
Who Ran the Most Secret Lab You Never Heard of ?
It was Fred Terman of Stanford .
The Harvard Radio Research Lab was his creation .
A Stanford professor was at Harvard in World War II because the head of the Office of Scientific Research and Development thought Terman was the best radio engineer in the country .
( Why could n’t he have set up a lab at Stanford ?
Apparently , the Office of Scientific Research thought that Stanford ’s engineering department was second rate . )
Finally , I had an answer to the question I had asked 35 years earlier when I was in Thailand : “ How did electronic warfare get started ? ”
Now I knew that it began in the early days of World War II as a crash program to reduce the losses of bombers to the German air defense network .
Electronic warfare and signals intelligence in the U.S. started with Fred Terman and the Harvard Radio Research Lab .
Spooky Music
Reading about Terman was like finding the missing link in my career .
Here was the guy who invented the field I had spent the first five years of my adult life working on .
And 30 years later I was teaching in a building named after him and never knew a thing about him .
Play spooky music here .
I began to realize a few things :
First , everything we had done in electronic warfare in the Vietnam War was just a slightly more modern version of what we had done over occupied Europe in World War II .
( And in hindsight , we seemed a bit more agile and innovative in WWII . )
Unbelievably , in less than two years , Terman ’s Radio Research lab invented an industry and had turned out a flurry of new electronic devices the likes of which had never been seen .
Yet decades later the military lacked the agility to write a spec in two years , let alone get 10’s of thousands of new systems deployed on aircraft as Terman had done .
How was this possible ?
In 21st century terminology we ’d say that Terman built the Radio Research lab into a customer - centric organization doing agile development .
Just the Beginning
The public history of Terman ’s involvement with the military ends when he returns back to Stanford at the end of the war .
Nothing in his biography or any Stanford history mentions anything as exciting as his work in World War II .
The public story of his last 20 years at Stanford , in the 1950 ’s and ’ 60 ’s , seems to have him settle into the role of the kindly dean and innovative provost .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
The Secret Life of Fred Terman in a War you never heard of in Part VII of the Secret History of Silicon Valley .
Filed under : Air Force , Secret History of Silicon Valley , Technology | Tagged : Electonic Warfare , Fred Terman , Signals Intelligence , Steve Blank , World War II |
Selling insurance across state lines : A terrible , no good , very bad health - care idea
The big Republican idea to bring down health - care costs is to " let families and businesses buy health insurance across state lines . "
Jon Chait has some commentary here , but I want to simplify a little bit .
Insurance is currently regulated by states .
California , for instance , says all insurers have to cover treatments for lead poisoning , while other states let insurers decide whether to cover lead poisoning , and leaves lead poisoning coverage -- or its absence -- as a surprise for customers who find that they have lead poisoning .
Here 's a list ( pdf ) of which states mandate which treatments .
The result of this is that an Alabama plan can't be sold in , say , Oregon , because the Alabama plan does n't conform to Oregon 's regulations .
A lot of liberals want that to change :
It makes more sense , they say , for insurance to be regulated by the federal government .
That way the product is standard across all the states .
Conservatives want the opposite :
They want insurers to be able to cluster in one state , follow that state 's regulations and sell the product to everyone in the country .
In practice , that means we will have a single national insurance standard .
But that standard will be decided by South Dakota .
Or , if South Dakota does n't give the insurers the freedom they want , it 'll be decided by Wyoming .
Or whoever .
This is exactly what happened in the credit card industry , which is regulated in accordance with conservative wishes .
In 1980 , Bill Janklow , the governor of South Dakota , made a deal with Citibank : If Citibank would move its credit card business to South Dakota , the governor would literally let Citibank write South Dakota 's credit card regulations .
You can read Janklow 's recollections of the pact here .
Citibank wrote an absurdly pro-credit card law , the legislature passed it , and soon all the credit card companies were heading to South Dakota .
And that 's exactly what would happen with health - care insurance .
The industry would put its money into buying the legislature of a small , conservative , economically depressed state .
The deal would be simple :
Let us write the regulations and we 'll bring thousands of jobs and lots of tax dollars to you .
Someone will take it .
The result will be an uncommonly tiny legislature in an uncommonly small state that answers to an uncommonly conservative electorate that will decide what insurance will look like for the rest of the nation .
As it happens , the Congressional Budget Office looked at a bill along these lines back in 2005 .
They found that the legislation would n't change the number of the uninsured and would save the federal government about $ 12 billion between 2007 and 2015 .
That is to say , it would do very little in the aggregate .
But those top - line numbers hid a more depressing story .
The legislation " would reduce the price of individual health insurance coverage for people expected to have relatively low health care costs , while increasing the price of coverage for those expected to have relatively high health care costs , " CBO said .
" Therefore , CBO expects that there would be an increase in the number of relatively healthy individuals , and a decrease in the number of individuals expected to have relatively high cost , who buy individual coverage . "
That is to say , the legislation would not change the number of insured Americans or save much money , but it would make insurance more expensive for the sick and cheaper for the healthy , and lead to more healthy people with insurance and fewer sick people with insurance .
It 's a great proposal if you do n't ever plan to be sick , and if you do n't mind finding out that your insurer does n't cover your illness .
And it 's the Republican plan for health - care reform .
Photo credit : By Mandel Ngan / Getty Images
Remember all the pearl - clutching over Obama going to visit his childhood home in Hawaii last year , calling it " elitist " ?
Or when visiting his dying grandmother in her Oahu home , Cokie Roberts complained that it made Obama appear " foreign " and " exotic " to choose to go to Hawaii , instead of say , Myrtle Beach .
Well , you silly liberals expecting consistency , that was then .
This is now .
And NOW , Hawaii is the perfect location for the Republican National Committee to hold their winter meeting :
Republicans delight in depicting President Obama as hopelessly out of touch with average Americans , but the decision by the Republican National Committee to hold its winter meeting at a tropical resort is turning the accusation on its head .
As the president gave his first State of the Union address Wednesday against the backdrop of the nation ’s wheezing economy , the opposition party marked the event by convening a conference here – on an “ island paradise . ”
“ Imagine lush tropical gardens , waterfalls , exotic wildlife and priceless artwork , ” boasts the website of the Hilton Hawaiian Village Beach Resort & Spa .
“ This one - of - a - kind Honolulu Hawaii hotel resort is the only true resort property in Waikiki . ”
Which is to say that it ’s a long way from Baltimore , where the House GOP will have its retreat later this month in a pointed effort to demonstrate their sensitivity to the tough economic times .
Yet at a moment when millions are out of work and millions more struggling to get by , the party ’s governing board will plot its comeback on the island of Oahu , sipping drinks poolside , catching rays on the beach that abuts the villa and raising questions about whether they ’re as politically tone - deaf as they accuse the president of being .
Oh , but it 's not all sunshine and pina coladas by the pool .
No , no , no .
RNC Chairman Michael Steele , resplendent in his Hawaiian shirt and lei , assures us this is no vacation .
" Relax , " Steele said while sporting a Hawaiian shirt and a flower lei .
" We 're working hard here , trust me .
This is not a vacation . "
Steele said the the meetings will " expose Hawaii to the rest of America . "
He told KHON , a local TV station , that it was important for the RNC , " as a party , " to be in Hawaii , the home state of President Obama .
You know , I hear a lot of people claim Obama is playing three - dimensional chess to the RNC 's checkers , but in this particular case , I 'm not even sure that the RNC is n't stuck playing Chutes & Ladders instead .
Philosophy , Rawls maintains , contributes in several ways to the task of self efinition , which forms an essential part of modern democracy .
It shows us , most directly , how the principles of democratic life may be elaborated so as to handle the political and social conflicts that sometimes threaten to tear us apart .
But it also has the more basic function of orienting us in our political world , distinguishing the things that ought to matter to us as citizens from the other sorts of concerns we pursue in our lives .
Since it focuses on underlying principles , it can even ( within measure ) calm the rage we may feel at current policies and reconcile us to our society in the light of its more enduring values .
Finally , philosophy challenges the status quo by imagining new institutional arrangements that might better honor our democratic ideals .
At its best , Rawls likes to say , it is " realistically utopian . "
Clearly , political philosophy can only play these various roles if it shares in the very developments that have brought about the modern democratic age .
In general , Rawls believes , political theory always draws upon the materials available in its historical situation , even when it calls for revolutionary change , and even when it arrives at principles of justice by imagining what rules of association rational agents would adopt in " a state of nature , " prior to the formation of society .
Philosophers may talk as though they were dealing with the unchanging problems of political life -- the essence of a legitimate regime , the grounds of political obligation -- and as though their reasoning unfolded from some Archimedean point removed from the bounds of time and place .
Yet this self - understanding is mistaken .
Even if there are some enduring questions , the manner in which they are understood as well as the kinds of argument used to address them are always colored by tradition , experience , and the realities of the day .
Rawls quotes approvingly R.G. Collingwood 's observation that " the history of political theory is not the history of different answers to one and the same question , but the history of a problem more or less constantly changing , whose solution was changing with it . "
Collingwood himself believed that all philosophy , even metaphysics , has an inescapably historical character .
Rawls never advanced so global a claim .
In these lectures as in his other writings , he always keeps his sights fixed on the domain of moral and political philosophy .
But most significantly , Rawls did not let a sense of history turn him into a sidelines commentator , content to point out the presuppositions shaping other philosophers ' thinking .
He threw himself into the fray and constructed his own full - scale theory of social justice , one that rivals the masterpieces of the past .
Rawls thus managed to combine two convictions that generally , if wrongly , appear at odds with one another .
He believed in the power of systematic theory , and at the same time he recognized its historical rootedness .
Few works of political philosophy have been so intricately and painstakingly argued as A Theory of Justice .
Yet its famous conception of justice as fairness , he declared , " draw [s ] solely upon basic intuitive ideas that are embedded in the political institutions of a democratic society and the public traditions of their interpretation . "
Rawls saw no inevitable tension between his love of theory and his historical sensibility .
Principles and arguments clarify where we stand and show how to handle the problems we encounter ; remembering how we have become who we are keeps us alert to the hard - won lessons we need to carry into the future .
It is therefore not surprising that his Lectures on the History of Political Philosophy show us a Rawls keenly aware of the historical underpinnings of his own theoretical constructions .
These are the latest developments at Dnghu :
Our main work , A Grammar of Modern Indo-European , Second Edition , has been sold as printed book through Amazon 45 times since the 16th of October ( plus one copy of the earlier 4.1 version ) , what makes it quite a successful start , compared to the first edition of the grammar .
We expect the number of books sold to decrease probably to 20 each month , given that some of the books initially sold correspond to updates of those who owned the first edition .
The number is not related to the ( much higher ) number of readers ( or downloaders ) , but is a good indicator of real interest in the grammar .
Three books will be sent to members who bough the first edition of the grammar , thanks to the money earned during the last 30 days with the second edition .
Another copy will be sent to an editor for its promotion among bookshops .
The new bank account of the Dnghu Association has been created at the BBVA .
We hope to get less problems with PayPal thanks to that change .
Your Indo-European Language Team .
( CNN ) --
Few , if any , weight loss stories begin with someone gaining six pounds , but this one does .
The thing is , holiday weight gain has n't fazed Tyler Weeks ; he even saw it coming .
He was n't about to shy away from the holiday cookies and dinners .
He ate , and ate well .
So he knew his weekly Wednesday visit to the scale was n't going to be one of progress .
Gaining a few pounds is not even a setback , it 's just life , Weeks says .
It 's all part of his new mentality , and so far that mindset has helped him go from 344 pounds to 218 pounds in about a year .
Name : Tyler Weeks , a 24 - year - old freelance Web designer , from Columbia , South Carolina .
Background : Until last year , he had terrible eating habits , he says .
He was 30 , and then 50 , and then more than 150 pounds overweight .
He looked at himself in the mirror last January .
He had just devoured fast food French toast sticks -- a standard breakfast he estimated at 1,500 calories -- and he was , in his words , " not very pleased " with what he saw in the mirror .
So he ordered a scale off the Internet , knowing he knew he was too heavy for an ordinary scale .
He changed the way he looked at food and weight loss .
How much he lost : A little more than 125 pounds .
On January 15 , 2009 , he weighed 344.2 pounds .
On December 30 , he was down to 218.8 pounds .
His lowest weight was 212.6 two weeks earlier .
He wants to lose about 25 more pounds .
i Report : Share your weight loss success story
How he lost it :
Weeks makes one thing very clear ; he still eats the things he loves .
Instead of chowing down on a couple of dozen wings , he stops now at 10 -- well , most of the time .
There are times when he still enjoys an all - out , greasy , fatty , calorie - laden meal .
The key is not doing it as often as he used to , he says .
" Something in January just clicked , " he says .
" Instead of trying some fad , some quick diet gimmick , I decided to change my lifestyle .
I decided to count calories and to be more active . "
Weeks says that as he has traveled his weight - loss journey , he has talked with a few trainers and some nutritionists .
He thinks they are well intentioned , but for him a lot of their advice is irrelevant .
" The problem that I have is that they do a lot of good and they help people , " he says .
" But their advice is n't very practical .
" If someone had told me in January that I had to stop cold turkey and eat salads , grilled chicken ... all day long , I would n't have lost this weight and to gradually have progressed into a healthier lifestyle . "
How he is keeping it off :
He does n't always .
During the Thanksgiving holiday
Weeks gained weight ; he also gained at the end of the year .
He feels like that 's OK , because he will more than make up for it in subsequent meals .
And healthy eating habits are starting to infiltrate his meals .
He says he is starting to pay more attention to sodium and fat and other items on nutritional labels .
He also drinks more water and selects more vegetables and lean meats .
He might still crave French fries or potato chips , but he says as he eats better he is starting to crave bananas or grapes .
Advice to others : Eating pizza is not cheating .
Not even if you eat half a pie .
" There is no diet , " he says .
Do n't get upset if you have a 2,000 - calorie meal at your favorite restaurant .
Just get up the next day and start over , he says .
Eat a good breakfast and do n't kick yourself .
" If you want to go crazy a couple of times a week , then fine , " he says .
" Just eat well most of the time .
It all comes down to calories . "
It also helps to find a fun physical activity .
If you hate running on a treadmill at the gym everyday , do n't do it .
Weeks plays basketball .
Playing with a regular group of guys gives him a support network and a group that he has to be accountable to several times a week .
His blog , www.344pounds.com, offers another measure of accountability .
He says that the attention it gets makes him feel like he needs to stay on track .
The desire to please his readers impacts him when he goes a few days without eating well .
He suggests that people who want to lose weight find a few people to report their calorie and food stories to .
It does n't have to be through an Internet posting , it can be a few friends or relatives to call or e-mail , folks who will take a interest in the person 's success .
" Just someone to keep it in your head that you need to keep going , " he says .
" It 's a long process , but it is so worth it . "
March 2010
John Wiley & Sons
384 Pages
Paperback
ISBN : 978-0470474242
$ 55.00
Cryptography Engineering
Design Principles and Practical Applications
A book by Niels Ferguson , Bruce Schneier , and Tadayoshi Kohno
A fully updated version of the bestselling Practical Cryptography .
Learn to build cryptographic protocols that work in the real world
Knowing how a camera works does not make you a great photographer .
Knowing what cryptographic designs are and how existing cryptographic protocols work does not give you proficiency in using cryptography .
You must learn to think like a cryptographer .
That is what this book will teach you .
Dive deeply into specific , concrete cryptographic protocols and learn why certain decisions were made .
Recognize the challenges and how to overcome them .
With this book , which is suitable for both classroom and self - study , you will learn to use cryptography effectively in real - world systems .
Understand what goes into designing cryptographic protocols
Develop an understanding of the interface between cryptography and the surrounding system , including people , economics , hardware , software , ethics , policy , and other aspects of the real world
Look beyond the security protocol to see weaknesses in the surrounding system
Thwart the adversary by understanding how adversaries think
Learn how to build cryptography into new products
Niels Ferguson is a cryptographer for Microsoft who has designed and implemented cryptographic algorithms , protocols , and large - scale security infrastructures .
Bruce Schneier is an internationally renowned security technologist whose advice is sought by business , government , and the media .
He is the author of Applied Cryptography , Secrets and Lies , and Schneier on Security .
Tadayoshi Kohno is a professor at the University of Washington .
He is known for his research and for developing innovative new approaches to cryptography and computer security education .
up to Books
Sidebar photo of Bruce Schneier by Joe MacInnis .
Records show that Sarah Palin has n’t paid any property taxes on cabins that have been built on two backcountry plots partially owned by the former Alaska governor .
It ’s unclear how long ago the structures were built , but records show that there are no tax assessments for the workshop , sauna and house - sized cabins spotted Thursday in an aerial survey .
ADVERTISEMENT
Property taxes totaling $ 156.13 were paid on the land in 2009 — but that bill did not include anything for the structures because the local assessor did n’t know about the new construction nearly 100 miles north of Anchorage .
The issue has attracted the attention of local tax officials who conducted a scheduled aerial survey of the properties on Thursday .
The area is accessible only by floatplane , snowmobile or four - wheeler .
Dave Dunivan , the assessor for the Matanuska - Susitna Borough , said such a survey had not been done in five years , before construction started on the cabins .
Palin ’s attorney , Thomas Van Flein , said it is not the responsibility of property owners to report structures that go up on their land .
“ It is the borough ’s job , ” he said in an e-mail .
“ The property taxes on this parcel are fully paid and have never been delinquent . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Dunivan , however , said owners are required by state law to report any omissions or errors in their tax assessments .
Often , the borough learns of new structures in remote areas when neighbors report them .
Dunivan said no one has called the borough on the Palin lots , among many in the region to add structures , the flyover survey found .
“ Typically , if there are errors , we hear from owners , ” he said .
“ If there are omissions , we do n’t .
Every once in a while we do have someone call us about omissions , but not often . ”
The properties are located along Safari Lake — an undeveloped area located near Denali State Park — and owned by Palin , her husband Todd and a family friend , Scott Richter .
According to borough records , the tax assessments are sent to Richter ’s post office box in Big Lake .
ADVERTISEMENT
There is no phone listing in Alaska for Richter and he could not be reached Thursday .
The matter first appeared Wednesday on an Alaska political blog site , Mudflats , which has been critical of Palin , the 2008 Republican vice presidential candidate .
ADVERTISEMENT
Palin resigned as governor last summer and has since written a best - selling memoir .
She signed on as a Fox News commentator last month .
Dunivan said a photo of a large cabin posted on the site — and later reported on the Huffington Post Web site — is one of the structures spotted in the flyover .
“ This is another blatant attempt to manufacture a story about the Palins following more defamatory swipes , ” Palin ’s spokeswoman Meghan Stapleton said in an e-mail to The Associated Press .
ADVERTISEMENT
Van Flein said work is still being done on the cabins , but both are usable .
He said construction began on one of the cabins in 2006 , but he did n’t know when construction started on the second one .
The two parcels of land , separated by one lot , total 25 acres and had a combined value of $ 30,000 in 2007 through 2009 , according to assessment records .
Dunivan said the data collected in Thursday ’s survey will be calculated into 2010 assessment notices being mailed out at the end of the month .
It ’s too soon to estimate how much the structures will increase the taxes due , Dunivan said .
The cabins are the size of large homes rather than the average backcountry cabin , but square footage estimates were not immediately available .
ADVERTISEMENT
Local real estate broker , Claus Steigler , said most cabins in the area are closer to the 500 - square - foot range .
Because they are in a hard to reach area , they generally sell for only $ 40,000 to $ 60,000 , including the land .
One large log cabin reachable by road is listed at $ 229,000 , but it ’s still on the market after two years , Steigler said .
Copyright © 2018 .
Company name
All rights reserved .
More Templates免费看黄直播软件 - Collect from
What do you do with vaccine that no - one needs ?
That is the question currently puzzling the Department of Health .
Back in May the government signed contracts with two suppliers - GSK and Baxter - to supply 90 million doses of H1N1 pandemic vaccine .
That was on the basis that two doses would be needed to provide protection .
Swine flu has turned out to be far milder than was initially feared and so the government is going to be left with a huge amount of unused vaccine .
The Department of Health has revealed that it has a break clause in its contract with Baxter which had been asked to supply 30 million doses , but it appears there is no get - out clause in the deal with GSK , set to provide 60 million doses .
GSK has so far delivered 23.9 million doses to the government and Baxter five million .
That is more than enough to vaccinate all the at - risk groups and the government made clear there are no plans to extend immunisation .
The Head of Immunisation at the Department of Health , Professor David Salisbury said : " The Baxter contract has a break clause .
We are in discussion with GSK about future supplies of vaccine . "
When asked how much the government might be able to re-coup from the deal with GSK he said " That is what we are discussing now . "
For commercial reasons no figure has been given for the cost of the vaccine contracts , but it 's likely to run into several hundred million pounds .
Professor Salisbury said there were a number of options which included selling excess doses or giving them away to developing countries .
But he added that it was essential that the UK kept a stockpile of H1N1 vaccine in case there was a resurgence of the virus over the coming year .
One option being discussed with GSK , which was described as " innovative " by the Chief Medical Officer Sir Liam Donaldson , would involve keeping a stockpile of adjuvant , the booster chemical which is produced separately from the vaccine and mixed later .
Professor Salisbury said this would be a good idea as it could be used in conjunction with another flu vaccine in the event of a new pandemic .
He said the adjuvant had a shelf life of five years .
When asked whether the NHS would be left substantially out of pocket by purchasing so much H1N1 vaccine , Sir Liam said that the contracts were signed earlier this year amid the early and very alarming information about deaths from the virus in Mexico .
The death rates in Mexico were later reduced .
Vaccine uptake
There are no accurate figures for the UK .
But in England :
• At least one in three people in the initial priority groups has had the vaccine .
• 3.2 million doses have been administered .
• 113,000 pregnant women have had the jab out of around 600,000 - about one in five .
• 373,000 front - line health workers have had the jab out of around a million ( there are no figures for uptake among front - line social care workers ) .
• 86,000 doses have been given to healthy children aged six months to under five out of more than three million , but this process only got underway before Christmas .
Professor Salisbury urged all those in the at - risk groups to get immunised , especially children under five because it was not clear what would happen with swine flu over the year ahead .
Swine flu figures
There is very little swine flu about .
Latest figures show that there were fewer than 5,000 new cases in England over the past week .
And disease " modellers " have advised the Department that a third wave of swine flu is unlikely this winter .
Sir Liam pointed out that there were the same experts who predicted that up to 65,000 people might die from swine flu this winter - a figure which was later downgraded to 1,000 .
This lack of swine flu in the community will make it more difficult to persuade those at risk of flu complications to come forward to be immunised .
But the Chief Medical Officer Sir Liam Donaldson pointed out that 20 children under five and 12 pregnant women had died in the UK from swine flu related conditions since April .
To date there have been 360 deaths from swine flu in the UK ( 251 in England , 64 in Scotland , 28 in Wales and 17 in Northern Ireland ) .
But the vast majority of those infected have had either a mild disease or no symptoms at all .
In England there were 393 people in hospital with swine flu on 6 January , 103 of them in critical care .
If you ’ve been peeking out the windows at night , or maybe looked up while walking the dog before bedtime or taking out the trash after dinner , perhaps you ’ve seen three fairly bright stars in a row .
Depending on how early or late you look , you may see them lined up side - by - side above the horizon , or they may be one on top the other when they are setting to the west .
If you ’ve noticed them , you would n’t be the first …
Humankind has been telling stories about this set of stars for centuries !
The three stars are the most notable feature in the ancient constellation of Orion and it ’s best to look for them just after the Sun sets and the skies get dark .
If you live in the northern half of the world , you ’ll find them to the south .
If you llive near the equator , they will be overhead .
If you live in the southern hemisphere , you ’ll spy the trio north .
But no matter where you live , the Star Hunter is visible to everyone !
Once you see it , hold your left hand out at arm ’s length and spread your fingers wide – covering the three stars with your palm .
If you look just above your little finger , you will see an orange looking star .
It ’s name is Betelgeuse and it ’s the brightest of all the stars in the constellation .
Just below your thumb you ’ll see another bright star .
This blue / white giant is named Rigel and it ’s the second brightest star .
Now , take your hand away and look at the pattern .
Do you see a connect - the - dots hourglass shape ?
Congratulations !
If your skies are dark enough , you ’ll see a patch of stars to the north that represents the head of the hunter .
To the west you may see a curved line of stars that represents his bow or shield .
But the most special place of all is just below those three stars …
The ancient Greeks gave us a lot of great stories – many of them very different from each other .
One might say that Orion was a great hunter who was banished to the sky for bragging on how many animals he could kill and the two bright stars which follow him represent his hunting dogs .
Another says Orion fell in love with a goddess and was killed by an arrow when the goddess ’ brother was tricked into shooting him .
Still another says he was killed by a sting from Scorpio , the Scorpion .
No matter which tale you may care to listen to , the fact remains that cultures all over the world have recognized this constellation for centuries on end and all see Orion as a human figure .
But why would they notice this constellation more than any other ?
Maybe it ’s the magic that ’s just below those three stars !
If you live where the skies are dark , you ’ll see another line of stars just below the trio .
In myth , this represents Orion ’s “ sword ” , but it ’s a magic one .
Take a close look and you ’ll see a ghostly glow just about in the center of the sword .
If you do n’t spot it with your eyes alone , try using a pair of binoculars .
It will look like a glowing cloud for a very good reason .
It ’s a cloud where stars are being born !
This glowing gas cloud is called the Great Orion Nebula and the light you see now left on its journey to your eyes around 500 A.D.
That ’s about the time that King Arthur was around !
Inside are hundreds of stars being born and their energy lights up the gas , just like a neon tube .
While you wo n’t see the pretty colors with your eyes the way the camera does , you can still enjoy the magic and share what you ’ve learned with your friends .
All you need to do is just find three stars in a row …
Image Credits : Orion Chart courtesy of University Corporation for Atmospheric Research ( UCAR ) , Orion Sky Shot courtesy of Mouser Williams , Stellarium represenation of Orion and Orion Nebula courtesy of the Hubble Space Telescope .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An Ethiopian Airlines passenger plane with 90 people on board has crashed into the Mediterranean Sea shortly after take - off from Beirut airport .
Eyewitnesses say they saw a ball of fire in the sky before Addis Ababa - bound Flight ET409 , which had taken off in stormy weather , fell into the sea .
At least 21 bodies have been found , and the airline 's chief executive said there was no word of survivors .
Most of those on board were Lebanese or Ethiopian .
There were also two Britons .
AT THE SCENE Natalia Antelava , Beirut airport Many relatives are crying , devastated .
A woman is telling us she 's refusing to believe her husband is dead , and yet hopes are fading very fast .
Officials are saying it is very unlikely anyone managed to survive this crash .
Nevertheless they 're still calling their efforts a rescue operation .
They 're still trying to look for possible survivors and also wreckage which could point to why this happened .
The weather has been really harsh .
The plane took off in a storm and it 's been raining ever since .
The sea is rough , and rescuers are saying it 's making their efforts that much more difficult .
The UK Foreign Office said one of the Britons had dual nationality .
The other passengers included citizens of Turkey , France , Russia , Canada , Syria and Iraq , Ethiopian Airlines said in a statement on its website .
Among them was the wife of the French ambassador in Beirut , Marla Pietton .
Some of the foreign passengers are reported to be of Lebanese origin .
The plane , a Boeing 737-800 , was carrying 82 passengers , including small children , and eight crew , Ethiopian Airlines said .
This model can seat 189 passengers .
It disappeared from radar screens some five minutes after take - off in stormy weather at about 0200 local time , near the village of Naameh , about 3.5 km ( 2 miles ) from the coast .
' Flash in the sky ' Helicopters and naval ships are searching the crash site .
It is still being described as a rescue operation , although officials say it is unlikely anyone will be found .
The United Nations peacekeeping operation in Lebanon has sent three ships and two helicopters , and a British RAF helicopter is also involved .
Lebanese soldiers are also combing nearby beaches , where pieces of the plane and debris including passenger seats , a fire extinguisher and bottles of medicine have washed up .
ETHIOPIAN AIRLINES State - owned carrier flying to 56 destinations Operates only Boeing aircraft First crash since 1996 , when hijacked plane ditched into sea off Comoros Good safety record , considered an exception among African airlines
In pictures : Lebanon plane crash Profile : Ethiopian Airlines
The cause of the crash was not immediately clear , but the plane took off in a heavy rainstorm .
Lebanese President Michel Suleiman said foul play was not suspected .
" As of now , a sabotage act is unlikely .
The investigation will uncover the cause , " he said .
" The weather conditions are terrible , but rescue efforts are still under way . "
A witness , Abdel Mahdi Salaneh , told the BBC he saw the plane fall into the sea in flames .
" We saw a flash in the sky , " he said .
" We saw a flash over the sea and it was the plane falling .
The weather was really bad , it was all thunder and rain . "
The BBC's Will Ross in Nairobi says the crash is likely to invite comparisons with the Kenya Airways crash in Cameroon in 2007 , in which 114 people died .
Both incidents involved Boeing 737-800 aircraft taking off in bad weather .
Relatives of the passengers , some of them sobbing , have gathered in the airport 's VIP lounge .
A tearful Andree Qusayfi told the Associated Press that his brother , 35 - year - old Ziadh , had left for Ethiopia for work for a computer company .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" We begged him to postpone his flight because of the storm , " he said .
" But he insisted on going because he had work appointments . "
Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri , parliament speaker Nabih Berri and other officials arrived to comfort families .
Mr Hariri declared a day of mourning , and closed schools and government offices .
Ethiopia and Lebanon share close business ties , and thousands of Ethiopians are employed as domestic helpers in Lebanon .
Fleet expanding Ethiopian Airlines operates a regular flight between Addis Ababa and Beirut .
Our correspondent says that along with South African and Kenya Airways , Ethiopian Airlines is widely considered to be among sub-Saharan Africa 's best operators .
And on a continent with a history of national airlines folding often due to reckless financial mismanagement , he says , Ethiopian Airlines is expanding its fleet and was the first African airline to order the Boeing 787 Dreamliner .
It has also just announced the purchase of another 10 737-800s , at a cost of $ 750 m .
Its last major crash was in 1996 , when a hijacked Nairobi - Addis Ababa plane was ditched into the sea off the Comoros Islands after running out of fuel .
One hundred and twenty - three of the 175 people on board were killed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
West Palm Beach Probate , Estate Planning & Real Estate Attorney
What criteria should you use to select a West Palm Beach estate planning , probate or real estate attorney to represent the interests of your business or your family ?
Should you hire a West Palm Beach attorney who makes you feel comfortable or should you sacrifice approachability for experience ?
In the current legal landscape , long - term partnerships are rare .
Businesses , individuals , and law firms will engage on an issue for a time , and then go their separate ways .
There is little in the way of rapport , loyalty , and commitment .
At the Law Offices of Larry E. Bray , P.A. , we take a different approach to our legal practice .
Our West Palm Beach probate & estate planning attorneys are here to provide a lifetime of dedicated legal services to Florida businesses and families .
Whether you require assistance with business litigation , real estate , or estate planning , we are here to help .
Custom West Palm Beach Estate Planning & Probate Services for Individuals and Families
No matter what stage of life you are in , creating an estate plan can give you peace of mind that your family will be protected should something happen to you and your spouse .
For nearly 30 years , our West Palm Beach estate planning law firm has helped local families prepare comprehensive estate planning documents that protect their loved ones and preserve their assets for the next generation .
We manage all manner of West Palm Beach estate planning services , from the creation of living wills and healthcare directives to the establishment of trusts for your loved ones and descendants .
Our West Palm Beach probate attorneys understand that no two families ’ needs are exactly alike .
We will sit down with you , listen to your concerns , and create a plan customized to your unique needs .
“ Retro ” is the ears of the beholder .
For some , it extends to the clang and twang of electric guitars ; for others , it ’s the primitive chirp of a computer chip : that crazy 8 - bit sound .
And as every genre has its revival , it would appear that the latest incarnation of retro music is moving above ground , appealing to both older listeners nostalgic for the classic games of their youth and a younger generation embracing the lo-fi spectrum of electronic music .
Case in point : Namco ’s Taiko Master Dondon Number Two , released for the Wii on Jan. 14 , features the song “ Family Don Don , ” composed by chiptune whiz kids YMCK .
Making music since 2003 , YMCK are creating quite a niche for themselves in the game market .
Earlier last year the band rearranged 8 - bit classics for the Nintendo DS game PiCOPiCT , whose pixellated graphics also hark back to the dawn of the home - computer game .
While YMCK are leading the pack ( they were even invited to remix Ayumi Hamasaki last year ) , other chiptune bands are enjoying moderate success in the burgeoning 8 - bit scene .
For a sampler , check out Fami Mode at Star Pine ’s Cafe in Kichijoji , Tokyo , on Jan. 30 .
The largest retro-gamer music event of the year in Japan will feature live performances from bands such as Consumers and Sexy - Synthesizer , in addition to a retro gaming battle and an indoor market selling old cartridge games and other 8 - bit merchandise .
If you ’re fan , grab a Fami Mode ticket today , as they ’re sure to go fast .
While Namco and Nintendo provide a satisfying hit of nostalgic fun with their retro style games , for some , it ’s no substitute for the real thing .
If you ’d like to experience Japan ’s vintage games then you ought to head down to the 8 bit cafe in Shinjuku .
The bar , which often has chiptune music on the stereo , has an impressive collection of Famicom and Super Famicom games and titles like Street Fighter II , Mario Kart , Pacman , four - player Bomberman and Puyo Puyo .
The popularity of this venue and new retro-style games should prove that pixel power is holding sway with both the old and new generations of gamers .
I am still jazzed about the meeting I had yesterday with this incredibly exciting company I spent the afternoon with yesterday .
The company is called Sun Catalytix .
And what is even more exciting is it is a Polaris portfolio company .
I typically try to avoid shameless portfolio promotion , but in this case it is just too cool not to blog about .
In a nutshell , an MIT scientist has invented a way to replicate the photosynthesis process , and to create fuel out of sun + water , which , last I checked , were the two most plentiful resources on the planet .
And they are everywhere .
Imagine being able to generate power virtually anywhere you have sun and water .
No batteries , no grid , no nuthin .
Polaris seed - funded the scientist , Professor Daniel Nocera , together with some of his grad students , and my partners Amir Nashat and Bob Metcalfe have been working with them to get a company started .
Yesterday we got an update — we saw bubbling water ( which results from the splitting of water into hydrogen and oxygen ) , a handful of very impressive hires , and what feels like an opportunity truly to “ change the world . ”
Not that blogs , facebook games , twitter and online advertising are n’t worthy things , but … this was cool , really cool .
The hot topic that the media ( and Wall Street ) is spinning is that this shows how much restraint Goldman is showing .
They ’re showing America true leadership because they ’ve heard the disgust and are paying their CEO much less than JPMorgan or Wells Fargo .
Has a nice ring to it and yes , $ 9 million is less than the rumors of up to $ 100 million .
However , remember that Goldman ’s big numbers last year were primarily generated by the investments they made from TARP money .
The rest of their business ?
Not so much .
So this $ 9 million is better than his previous gaudy numbers or the obnoxious numbers from others on Wall Street , it ’s still $ 9 million made from taxpayers money .
The only question now is who whether Goldman ’s PR spin will win the day or if others will realize what a sham this $ 9 million is .
The Times sounds like they ’re buying the spin .
On Thursday , a Denver news station interviewed Chris Bartkowicz about his medical - marijuana operation in the basement of his home .
Bartkowicz , confident of his compliance with state laws , boasted of its size and profitability .
“ I ’m definitely living the dream now , ” he told 9 News .
The following day , the dream was over .
Drug -enforcement agents raided his home , placed him under arrest , and carried off dozens of black bags of marijuana plants and growing lights .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Obama administration promised in October that the federal government would respect state laws allowing the growing and selling of marijuana for medicinal use , but the Drug Enforcement Agency sent a loud message with the arrest of Bartkowicz .
“ It ’s still a violation of federal law , ” said Jeffrey Sweetin , the DEA special agent in charge of the Denver office .
“ It ’s not medicine .
We ’re still going to continue to investigate and arrest people . ”
The United States Attorney ’s office will decide Tuesday if charges will be filed against Bartkowicz .
In an interview from his jail cell , Bartkowicz said he believes the DEA is making an example of him .
He would never have exposed himself if he believed his business was illegal .
“ If I knew what I was doing was illegal , I would have never made a public display of myself , ” he said .
“ I would not have put myself in the line of fire if I was knowingly violating the law . ”
Sweetin was n’t surprised by Bartkowicz ’ confidence .
“ According to him and according to what he ’s seen on the news , he probably believes he is legal , ” Sweetin said .
ADVERTISEMENT
And according to Sweetin , it is n’t just growers who face arrest .
The dispensaries are next on the list .
“ The time is coming when we go into a dispensary , we find out what their profit is , we seize the building and we arrest everybody .
They ’re violating federal law ; they ’re at risk of arrest and imprisonment , ” he said to The Denver Post .
“ Technically , every dispensary in the state is in blatant violation of federal law . ”
Deputy U.S. Attorney General David Ogden told federal agents in an October memo to not target people in “ clear and unambiguous compliance with existing state laws providing for the medical use of marijuana . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Sweetin said the memo does nothing to change federal law , which makes marijuana illegal .
The difference between the Obama administration ’s stated mission to end the “ war on drugs ” and the actual enforcement of that policy by DEA agents may not come as a surprise to those who have seen the Office of National Drug Control Policy ’s ( ONDCP ) budget for fiscal year 2011 .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We ’re not at war with people in this country , ” Obama ’s drug czar Gil Kerlikowske told The Wall Street Journal in May .
But according to 2011 funding “ highlights ” released by the ONDCP ( PDF link ) , the Obama administration is expanding the drug war and tilting its funds heavily toward law enforcement over treatment .
During the interview in his jail cell , Bartkowicz said he realized his arrest is the center of a national debate and defended his right to publicly declare his business .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I ’m the poster boy now , ” he said .
“ If I am legal , why should I be in the shadows ? ”
Russian scientists turned their favorite drink into a powder .
Vodka can now be taken as pill or sprinkled onto dessert .
Pills can help you ‘ dose ’ your intoxication levels
Sprinkle the vodka onto dessert
Yevgeny Moskalev from St. Petersburg invented a technique that allows the conversion of alcohol into a powdery substance .
The good news is that new technology allows the conversion of any kind of alcohol into powder - not only vodka .
Yevgeny , who is a professor at the University of St. Petersburg , reveals that they stumbled upon this discovery while performing other tasks for the Soviet government .-
We were working on creating powdery adhesive when one of us was asked to invent a technique for storing of substances in the form of small capsules .
We created this technique , but the client never paid us .
We thought about giving it up when a fortunate accident saved us .
Another company asked us to put a water and medicine into pills because they were trying to create a medicine for the animals .
Animals do not like the smell of drugs and in the form of capsules they could easily be placed in their food .
With this discovery , we were able to convert any solution into powder – Moskalev revealed for the Russian media .
This technique was tested on a 96 - percent poison and eventually was patented .
Moskalev also used it to conserve droplets of ethanol into capsules .
Technique consists of adding alcohol into dissolved wax and mixing it together .
After it gets dispersed , the wax solidifies and preserves the alcohol molecules .
Somewhere along the way , somebody came up with the idea that they could try this process with some vodka .
‘ Solid ’ vodka would become popular for two reasons only - it would be easier to carry it and because it can not be broken .
In fact , ‘ dry ’ vodka can be wrapped in paper and carried around in your pocket or bag .
Besides that , vodka in the form of pills can help consumers determine their preferred ‘ dose ’ of intoxication . -
Unfortunately , because of the way in which vodka is preserved , it currently tastes like a candle .
However , this could be solved by adding different flavors to the wax .
To be honest , I did not like vodka in the form of pills ; I prefer eating it mixed with dessert .
However , I must emphasize that the result is weak , even after three spoonfuls , so I would conclude that vodka is best when consumed in the good old way - said the scientist .
However , in spite of his personal preference , powder vodka should certainly be beneficial for bakers who must use certain alcoholic beverages in making the sweets .
By Doreen Walton
Science reporter , BBC News
A female of the new species was spotted snacking on mistletoe
A new species of bird has been spotted in the rainforests of Borneo .
Leeds University biologist Richard Webster first glimpsed the bird from a canopy walkway 35 m above ground .
The spectacled flowerpecker , a small , wren - sized , grey bird , was feeding on some flowering mistletoe in a tree .
On one sighting it was heard singing .
The bird has white markings around its eyes , belly and breast .
It has not yet been given a scientific name because so little is known about it .
Dr David Edwards , a tropical ecologist at the University of Leeds , identified the bird as a new species from photographs .
" It 's like a dream come true , " he said .
" I 've spent all these years , decades , watching birds and all you want to do really is discover a new species to science .
" All that tropical field work has paid off , all the mosquitoes , the leeches , the rainstorms and the mud have been worthwhile . "
The team caught sight of the birds several times in the days following its first appearance .
They were working in the Danum Valley Conservation Area in Sabah , Malaysia , last summer .
" The discovery of a new bird species in the heart of Borneo underlines the incredible diversity of this remarkable area , " said Adam Tomasek , leader of WWF 's Heart of Borneo initiative .
The findings are published in Oriental Bird Club 's journal BirdingASIA .
The J - Track 3 - D page is no longer available .
We do not know of a replacement tool .
For educational resources , please visit NASA Education .
For ways to get involved with NASA Science , please visit Get Involved .
Here 's an interesting idea that does not rely on government but can put pressure on the big four banks that just robbed us blind , threw so many out of work and are now refusing to make loans to people who need them : take your money out of the big banks and place it in community banks , ones that were not responsible for the meltdown .
You can find local alternatives here .
Just because Arianna supports the idea should not dissuade you .
Her argument makes sense :
The idea is simple :
If enough people who have money in one of the big four banks move it into smaller , more local , more traditional community banks , then collectively we , the people , will have taken a big step toward re-rigging the financial system so it becomes again the productive , stable engine for growth it 's meant to be .
It 's neither Left nor Right -- it 's populism at its best .
Consider it a withdrawal tax on the big banks for the negative service they provide by consistently ignoring the public interest .
It 's time for Americans to move their money out of these reckless behemoths .
And you do n't have to worry , there is zero risk : deposit insurance is just as good at small banks -- and unlike the big banks they do n't provide the toxic dividend of derivatives trading in a heads - they - win , tails - we - lose fashion .
Maybe readers will immediately see some unintended consequences of this , but I can't see any at first blush .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
This photo released by the state - run Korea Institute of Industrial Technology ( KITECH ) shows South Korea 's android robot " EveR - 3 " ( Eve Robot 3 ) wearing a costume for the play " Robot Princess and Seven Dwarfs " in Seoul .
The lifelike EveR - 3 is 157 centimetres ( five feet , two inches ) tall , can communicate in Korean and English .
A South Korean - developed robot that played to acclaim in " Robot Princess and the Seven Dwarfs " is set for more leading theatre roles this year , a scientist said Wednesday .
EveR - 3 ( Eve Robot 3 ) starred in various dramas last year including the government - funded " Dwarfs " which attracted a full house , said Lee Ho -Gil , of the state - run Korea Institute of Industrial Technology .
The lifelike EveR - 3 is 157 centimetres ( five feet , two inches ) tall , can communicate in Korean and English , and can express a total of 16 facial expressions -- without ever forgetting her lines .
Lee acknowledged that robot actresses find it hard to express the full gamut of emotions and also tend to bump into props and fellow ( human ) actors .
But he said a thespian android was useful in promoting the cutting - edge industry .
" South Korea is an active frontier in developing robots and we thought that making it would be a good way to promote our technology , " Lee told AFP .
And just as visitors to New York flock to Broadway , tourists in Seoul may be drawn by a robot actress , he said .
" We will try more plays this year with help from the National Theatre and the government . "
Robots in future could also play a role as stagehands controlling music and lighting , Lee said .
South Korea has in addition developed a walking robot maid , a robotic penguin , koala and rabbit , and a variety of other models .
In 2007 a robot named Tiro was master of ceremonies at the wedding of one of its designers .
Explore further Korea to sell programmable robot
( c ) 2010 AFP
As I mentioned the other day , it ’s very interesting for me to re-read the responses of Team members to the publication of MM2003 .
While Mann , Briffa and Bradley all start shooting bullets in every direction , Osborn ’s reaction is thoughtful and nuanced and I urge readers to read it in full .
Unfortunately , the Team paid little attention to Osborn ’s suggestions .
Had they done so , much time and effort would have been saved .
Mann
Mann ’s response to MM2003 is , in retrospect , all too predictable .
For example , Mann here :
The important thing is to deny that this has any intellectual credibility whatsoever and , if contacted by any media , to dismiss this for the stunt that it is ..
Or in an email a few days later , one that provides an interesting insight into Mann ’s idea of the “ high road ” :
Takinig the high road is probably very important here .
If * others * want to say that their actions represent scientific fraud , intellectual dishonesty , etc. ( as I think we all suspect they do ) , lets let * them * make these charges for us !
Bradley
Bradley wanted CRU to make a statement on whether our study was “ truly an audit ” and whether we did it “ right ” .
However , he did n’t want a statement that actually involved due diligence .
He wanted a “ quick and forceful statement ” from the “ Distinguished CRU Boys ” to “ quash further arguments ” :
if an “ independent group ” such as you guys at CRU could make a statement as to whether the M&M effort is truly an “ audit ” , and if they did it right , I think that would go a long way to defusing the issue .
..
If you are willing , a quick and forceful statement from The Distinguished CRU Boys would help quash further arguments
Briffa
Briffa ’s reaction was to get Nature to write an editorial ( perhaps presaging Nature ’s later response to Climategate . )
Briffa wanted a response along the lines of :
some cool statement can be made saying we believe the “ prats have really fucked up someway ” – and that the premature publication of their paper is reprehensible .
Osborn
The only person with a reasoned response was Osborn .
I read his October 31 response with considerable regret .
Had Osborn ’s direction been followed , an enormous amount of time would have been saved .
Osborn commences :
(1) The single worst thing about the whole M&M saga is not that they did their study , not that they did things wrong ( deliberately or by accident ) , but that neither they nor the journal took the necessary step of investigating whether the difference between their results and yours could be explained simply by some error or set of errors in their use of the data or in their implementation of your method .
If it turns out , as looks likely from Mike ’s investigation of this , that their results are erroneous , then they and the journal will have wasted countless person - hours of time and caused much damage in the climate policy arena .
( 2 ) Given that this is the single worst thing about the saga , we must not go and do exactly the same in rushing out a response to their paper .
If some claims in the response turned out to be wrong , based on assumptions about what M&M did or assumptions about how M&M ’s assumptions affect the results , then it would end up with a number of iterations of claim and counter claim .
Ultimately the issue might be settled , but by then the waters could be so muddied that it did n’t matter .
I disagree with the premise that we had not attempted to investigate the differences with MBH results ( our inquiries to Mann had been blown off ) .
See our contemporary account here .
However , today I do n’t want to re-litigate this point , but instead to focus on new points arising out of Osborn ’s response .
Osborn was far more aware than his associates of the potential for “ claim and counterclaim ” that could be set off by an injudicious response , resulting in a circumstance where by the time of an eventual settlement , the “ waters [ would be ] so muddied ” that settlement would n’t matter .
Osborn was worried about on October 31 , 2003 that “ countless person - hours ” had already been “ wasted ” , but I doubt that even he realized where the Team ’s injudicious decision not to follow his recommendations would take them .
Osborn was also the only member of the Team that had actually looked at MBH methodology .
The Climategate Letters show that Osborn had looked at MBH methodology in the previous summer with Mann even sending Osborn , as a “ trusted colleague ” , his residuals , which Mann described as his “ dirty laundry ” .
Perhaps that was in Osborn ’s mind in the composition of his comments .
Later in Osborn ’s draft reply , he would urge “ collaboration with M&M ” to avoid such the eventuality of “ claim and counterclaim ” .
We would have been very willing to do so and made offers to Osborn to involve CRU in reviewing the issues .
Unfortunately , the Team did not follow Osborn ’s recommendations .
Osborn continued with a discussion of whether CRU was compromising its own “ independence ” by signing on to support MBH at this early stage .
( This is n’t reviewed here – see original . )
Skpping ahead a couple of paragraphs , Osborn urged a “ very careful reading ” of MM2003 , as opposed to a kneejerk reaction :
I really advise a very careful reading of M&M and their supplementary website to ensure that everything in the response is clearly correct – precisely to avoid point ( 2 ) .
I ’ve only just started to do this , but already have some questions about the response that Mike has drafted .
Osborn ’s first technical question related to principal components .
Although the use of stepwise principal components – a different issue than decentered principal components – is not mentioned in MBH98 , Osborn was aware that Mann had used this procedure and reasonably wondered whether this might account for differences in our results .
If so , matters might be resolved fairly expeditiously without the need for opprobrium on the Team ’s part .
( a) Mike , you say that many of the trees were eliminated in the data they used .
Have you concluded this because they entered “ NA ” for “ Not available ” in their appendix table ?
If so , then are you sure that “ NA ” means they did not use any data , rather than simply that they did n’t replace your data with an alternative ( and hence in fact continued to use what Scott had supplied to them ) ?
Or perhaps “ NA ” means they could n’t find the PC time series published ( of course ! ) , but in fact could find the raw tree - ring chronologies and did their own PCA of those ?
How would they know which raw chronologies to use ?
Or did you come to your conclusion by downloading their “ corrected and updated ” data matrix and comparing it with yours – I ’ve not had time to do that , but even if I had and
I found some differences , I would n’t know which was right seeing as I ’ve not done any PCA of western US trees myself ?
My guess would be that they downloaded raw tree - ring chronologies ( possibly the same ones you used ) but then applied PCA only to the period when they all had full data –
hence the lack of PCs in the early period ( which you got round by doing PCA on the subset that had earlier data ) .
But this is only a guess , and this is the type of thing that should be checked with them – surely they would respond if asked ?
– to avoid my point ( 2 ) above .
And if my guess were right , then your wording of “ eliminated this entire data set ” would
come in for criticism , even though in practise it might as well have been .
Osborn was right in his surmise that we had not used the unreported stepwise principal components method – we had described what we had done in our paper and attached source code to clarify this sort of question .
“ Stepwise ” principal components is not a “ conventional ” methodology – at the time , I could n’t locate other precedents nor have I seen any since .
However , as most CA readers know , there was another shoe to drop .
Even using stepwise principal components , it was not possible to directly replicate Mann ’s principal components , because he had used decentered principal components – something that Mann had possibly not realized .
In any event , it was n’t mentioned in MBH98 .
This has been the topic of endless later discussion ( and I do n’t propose to even touch on these issues here . )
This then led into discussion of how many principal components to retain and bristlecones and all that stuff – none of it particularly difficult , had the Team elected not to “ muddy the waters ” .
Osborn continued by expressing concern that we will “ use the email record ” if they mention “ ftp sites and excel files ” in their response , as he is aware that Mann ’s allegations were contradicted by the actual email record .
Osborn :
( b) The mention of ftp sites and excel files is contradicted by their email record on their website , which shows no mention of excel files ( they say an ASCII file was sent ) and also no record that they knew the ftp address .
This does n’t matter really , since the reason for them using a corrupted data file is not relevant – the relevant thing is that it was corrupt and had you been involved in reviewing the paper then it could have been found prior to publication .
But they will use the email record if the ftp sites and excel files are mentioned .
This refers to Mann ’s claim , then widely publicized , that we had asked for “ excel ” files , that an error had been introduced in the preparation of the “ excel ” files and various other untrue allegations that Mann had disseminated through David Appell on Oct. 29 , 2003 .
Here ’s an excerpt , but there are numerous other fantastic assertions :
In short , here ’s what happened : M&M asked an associate of Mann to supply them with the Mann et. al. proxy data in an Excel spreadsheet , even though the raw data is available here .
An error was made in preparing this Excel file , in which the early series were successively overprinted by later and later series , and this is the data M&M used … .
The spreadsheet file they used was a complete distortion of the actual Mann et.
al. proxy data set , and was essentially useless , particularly in the earlier centuries .
The authors had access to the full data , which has been available on a public ftp site for nearly two years .
When they noticed , as described in their paper , some signs of problems with the Excel spreadsheet version of the data , one might think that they would have bothered to check the data available on our public ftp site .
See our contemporary response here , showing that we had never asked for an Excel spreadsheet ( something that is obviously foreign to my desire to work with original data ) and that the file at Mann ’s website to which we were directed was dated to 2002 , long before our request .
And far from “ not noticing ” the errors in this file , MM2003 contains a detailed listing of defects in the file .
Further color was added to events when , a few days later , Mann deleted the dataset in controversy .
( The University of Massachusetts poured gasoline on the fire by deleting MBH99 data from their website a few days later as well .
Upon protest , they restored their data a few days later , but Mann did n’t . )
Osborn ’s awareness of the deletions is evident on Nov 12 here when he emails Jones and Briffa :
I do wish Mike had not rushed around sending out preliminary and incorrect early responses – the waters are really muddied now .
He would have done better to have taken things slowly and worked out a final response before publicising this stuff .
Excel files , other files being created early or now deleted is really confusing things !
This incident was my first introduction to the Team just making stuff up .
I could n’t believe that someone described as a “ Scientific American Visionary ” would either stoop to making up stories or to be so foolish as to make up stories that were readily refuted by the email record .
I was even more amazed that the climate science “ community ” acquiesced in this sort of fabrication .
This was totally outside my experience .
Osborn ’s response here shows that he is acutely aware that Mann ’s characterization of the email record is untrue .
However , Osborn does not show any awareness of any obligation on his part to ensure that the record is accurate – something that one would have expected of him as a scientist .
Instead , his thinking is entirely tactical – mentioning the “ excel files ” will open them up to criticism .
Osborn was not acting here as a scientist whose responsibility was to ensure that the record was correct , but an advocate .
Skipping ahead a couple of paragraphs – I am skipping commentary on all items only because this is already a long post – Osborn observed that we had mentioned the “ decline ” .
Again , his recommendation on how to “ handle ” the point is primarily based on advocacy rather than science :
( f) The recent tree - ring decline they refer to seems related to tree - ring - width not density .
Regardless of width of density , this issue cannot simply be dismissed as a solved problem .
Since they do n’t make much of an issue out of it , best just to ignore it .
Skipping further ahead , Osborn says that it would be incorrect for the MBH response to allege that we “ used neither the data nor the procedures of MBH98 ” .
Osborn observed that we had at least approximately done so with the materials available to us .
(h) To say they “ used neither the data nor the procedures of MBH98 ” will also be an easy target for them , since they did use the data that was sent to them and seemed to have used approximately the method too ( with some errors that you ’ve identified ) .
This reproduced your results to some extent ( certainly not perfectly , but see Fig 6 b and 6 c ) .
Then they went further to redo it with the “ corrected and updated ” data – but only after first doing approximately what they claimed they did ( i.e. the audit ) .
Despite Osborn ’s objection , CRU published the MBH statement making the claim that he had objected to here as being incorrect .
Osborn then once again expressed concern that a quick reponse would simply “ muddy the debate for most outsiders ” .
An accurate prediction .
Osborn then proposed a very different response than the one eventually published .
Here is Osborn ’s very different draft :
The recent paper by McIntyre and McKitrick ( 2003 ; hereafter MM03 ) claims to be an “ audit ” of the analysis of Mann , Bradley and Hughes ( 1998 ; hereafter MBH98 ) .
MM03 are unable to reproduce the Northern Hemisphere temperature reconstruction of MBH98 when attempting to use the same proxy data and methods as MBH98 , though they obtain something similar with clearly anomalous recent warming ( their Figure 6 c ) .
They then make many modifications to the proxy data set and repeat their analysis , and obtain a rather different result to MBH98 .
Unfortunately neither M&M nor the journal in which it was published took the necessary step of investigating whether the difference between their results and MBH98 could be explained simply by some error or set of errors in their use of the data or in their implementation of the MBH98 method .
This should have been an essential step to take in a case such as this where the difference in results is so large and important .
Simple
errors must first be ruled out prior to publication .
Even if the authors had not undertaken this by presenting their results to the authors of MBH98 , the journal should certainly have included them as referees of the manuscript .
A preliminary investigation into the proxy data and implementation of the method has already identified a number of likely errors , which may turn out to be the cause of the different results .
Rather than repeating M&M ’s failure to follow good scientific practise , we are witholding further comments until we can – by collaboration with M&M if possible – be certain of exactly what changes to data and method were made by M&M , whether these changes can really explain the differences in the results , and eventually which ( if any ) of these changes can be justified as equally valid ( given the various uncertainties that exist ) and which are simply errors that invalidate their results .
Obviously , we would have eagerly co-operated with CRU ( or anyone else ) to reconcile results .
After publication of MM2003 , we asked CRU to review our results ( in the form of what would become our Nature submission . )
I ’ll review this in a separate post but here is one email from me to Osborn to give a flavor of our contemporary attitude :
Dear Dr. Osborn and others ,
We have entered into discussions about a possible review by UEA / CRU in complete good faith .
We do not have the slightest interest in presenting incorrect or defective results or to create debate which is merely at cross-purposes .
Regards , Steve McIntyre
We continued our efforts to reconcile methodological particulars with Mann ( for example here copy to Osborn , an email also occurring as a trailer in a Climategate Letter here ) but these were repudiated by Mann , apparently without any objection from Osborn or CRU who elsewhere had urged that results be reconciled .
This is another interesting backstory which I ’ll discuss in a forthcoming thread .
If the Team had adopted Osborn ’s recommendations instead of Mann ’s , perhaps it would still have be conceivable to use the Bradley ’s term – the “ Distinguished CRU Boys ” – without irony .
Based at Sandia National Laboratories in New Mexico , it is used to research thermonuclear reactions - for example , what happens at the heart of a hydrogen bomb detonation .
Now it has a more productive application : finding a way to fuse heavy water atoms to create fusion power .
Fusion is the Holy Grail of the power industry : cheap , clean , safe and unlimited .
The downside is , with current technology , the reaction is difficult to control .
When the machine fires , 36 cables - each as thick as a horse 's torso - spark simultaneously .
The cables fire a pulse of 50 trillion watts into a target the size of a cotton reel .
Inside the target is a can filled with wires finer than a human hair .
The wires vaporise , creating temperatures as high as 3.5 billion degrees C , the highest ever created by man and an X - ray pulse in excess of 290 terawatts .
The central vacuum chamber of the Z Machine , above , is 10ft in diameter and 20ft deep , surrounded by banks of capacitors - the enormous ' batteries ' used to store the charge that fire the machine .
When the wires that are inside the tiny ' target ' are vaporised , the tungsten threads are forced to travel inwards at a speed of over 3,000 miles per second , and the result is that enormous sudden release of energy .
The powerful fluctuation in the magnetic field when the machine is discharged generates an electric current in all the metallic objects in the chamber - hence the impressive lightning or ' arcs and sparks ' seen here .
The 36 cables feeding the energy pulse into the Z Machine are insulated by chambers containing two million litres of insulating oil and two million litres of deionised water .
All kinds of of devices have been dubbed " sonic blasters " – from the Long Range Acoustic Device super loudhailer to the piercing Banshee to the Inferno ( " most unbearable , gut - wrenching noise I ’ve ever heard in my life " according to Danger Room 's own Sharon Weinberger ) .
But a new device , developed in Israel , merits the " sonic blaster " label more than most : the Thunder Generator really is a blaster , producing a series of ear - splitting explosions .
Some are so loud , they could be deadly .
Israeli firm PDT Agro developed the Thunder Generator , based on a gadget to scare away birds .
The design is very simple : gas from a cylinder of domestic liquid petroleum ( LPG ) is mixed with air and then detonated , producing a series of high - intensity blasts .
Patented " pulse detonation " technology ensures high - decibel blasts .
According to Defense News , the Israeli Ministry of Defense has now licensed a firm called ArmyTec to market the Thunder Generator for military and security applications .
The generator can produce up to a hundred blasts a minute , with a 12 - kilogram cylinder of gas running to around five thousand blasts .
ArmyTec say it can continue for " hours of continous operation , " and suggest that a number of generators could be networked together to cover a wide area .
Various configurations are possible , including a curved barrel for firing around corners .
Understandably , the device is designed to be used remotely .
It has an effective range of up to fifty meters , and the makers say that it is extremely loud but will not do any lasting damage at this range .
However , they warn that within ten meters the Thunder Generator could cause permanent damage or even death (! ) .
Explosive acoustic weapons are not in themselves a new concept .
Explosives are one of the few ways of producing a sound loud enough to have a real effect .
The Germans experimented with this in World War II without much success .
Back in the 1990's Primex Physics Internationalcarried out development work on a crowd - control " acoustic blaster " which combined the output for four separate explosive - driven sources .
The device was so large it had to be mounted on a truck , and while the company thought it might one day work out to a hundred meters this was not proven .
The tough part has always been getting the noise to blare in one direction .
It is difficult to have an arrangement that can impact the target without deafening the operator .
Prolonged exposure is even worse than sort blasts .
Electronic devices like LRAD are fairly directional , but are by no means quiet for the user .
The Thunder Generator gets around this by allowing the operator be be at a safe distance .
Perhaps it might be more accurate to see the Thunder Generator as a sort of repeating stun grenade ; the fuel - air blast it produces is not dissimilar to the fuel - air explosion produced by the new Improved Flash Bang Grenade developed at Sandia National Laboratory .
And in at least one case a large number of blast grenades were used for their sonic deterrent effect .
During the Vietnam War , the U.S. operated a number of floating river bases .
There was a constant danger of attack from Vietcong swimmers , so they were kept at bay by explosive means , as this memorial site recalls :
" Seafloat was protected from swimmer zapper attacks by throwing concussion grenades into the water from 4 watch stations so that one grenade exploded underneath the ammo pontoons as often as every 30 seconds 24 hours a day . "
This approach seems to have been effective against swimmers , but it also resulted in cracks in the pontoons , which had to be pumped out daily .
The agricultural predecessor of the Thunder Generator has been used in Israel for nearly two years without accident .
But there is clearly a risk of leaving an unattended system driven by a gas cannister .
And of course there are countermeasures : as a British science program showed last year , with sufficient sound insulation even the LRAD can be damped to a tolderable level .
As with all non-lethals , what happens in practice is likely to be less important than the way it is used .
The Thunder Generator could be a good way of keeping stone - throwing youths out of a sensitive area without using excessive force .
Or it might be condemned as sonic harassment which exposes whole neighborhoods to incessant noise .
Photo : ArmyTec
**
See Also :
Mention that you ’ve completed Mega Man 9 to any gamer worth their salt and you ’re likely to receive a solid nod of approval .
Tell them you beat the game in under an hour and they ’re likely to shake your hand .
Share with them you beat the whole game without taking one hit , and they will no doubt be groveling at your feet .
Mega Man 10 ’s recently uncovered Achievements list tasks the truly hardcore with these very harrowing tasks .
Brace yourself , here ’s the entire list from Xbox360 Achievements :
Whomp Wily – Clear the game once . [ 5 ]
Blue Bomber – Clear the game in under an hour . [ 10 ]
Superhero – Clear the game on hard . [ 10 ]
Hard Rock –
Make it to a boss room without getting damaged . [ 20 ]
Headbanging – Defeat the 8 bosses without your helmet on . [ 20 ]
Destroyer – Defeat 1000 enemies . [ 20 ]
World Warrior – Defeat one of every type of enemy . [ 5 ]
Trusty Sidearm – Defeat the 8 bosses with just your default weapon . [ 20 ]
No Coffee Break – Clear the game without using any energy , mystery , or weapon tanks . [ 10 ]
Tenacious – Clear the game without continuing . [ 20 ]
Invincible – Clear the game without dying . [ 30 ]
Mr. Perfect – Clear the game without getting damaged . [ 30 ]
Woah , sorry I did n’t post a spoiler alert about Wily being the last boss .
That was totally out of left field .
I thought we ’d be seeing the return of Dr. Cossack or Mr. X for sure .
I remember being overwhelmed by the requests that Mega Man 9 made for gathering achievements .
Mega Man 10 ’s challenging tasks has elicited an interesting mix of emotions from me : fear followed by hardened resolve .
Anybody crazy enough to go for them all ?
How many times a week do you think you ’d need to practice based on what we ’ve seen of the levels and bosses so far ?
This summer has seen the end of the lengthiest and most fulfilling gaming experience of my life : five years helping to run the Eve Online corporation , StateCorp .
A five year plan ?
More like five years with no plan , but with endless drama .
The corporation is currently in the process of moth - balling and disbanding , and so we took the opportunity to look back at what made those sixty months of Eve so fascinating , why we became so involved , and why it had to come to end .
This retrospective comes to your courtesy of everyone who has been a member of StateCorp over the years .
In this first episode I want to set the scene and to touch on the most important themes .
We ’ll move onto some specifics about the game mechanics and how the influenced our play in the next episode .
For now though , a beginning …
By mid 2004 I had been playing Eve Online on and off for a year .
The game had been largely ignored by the PC gaming world up to that time , and yet the ideas it embodied were fascinating .
The dynamic nature of player interaction , the intricacy of economics and combat , the emergent politics : it was heady stuff .
I decided to write an eight page feature about my experiences for PC Gamer UK , assuming that this would be my final word on the subject .
Needless to say , it was just the beginning .
Members of the now defunct State gaming forum read the piece and raised the idea of starting up a corporation for its members .
A handful of the forumites had already been playing the game , and were keen to team - up .
Others would create characters from scratch and join in with the project .
I would take the lead .
Our early days saw us undertaking typical beginner behaviour : messing about in the friendly areas of Caldari space , running the game ’s very basic missions , and practising PvP combat in frigates .
We had about a dozen people , and the corporation would never get beyond around twenty five active members in its history .
A handful of those who were there at the start are still playing today .
In these early days StateCorp trolled the nearby low - security systems for pirates , without much success .
It was only when three of the beginners were out and about in their new cruisers that we were to encounter our first real enemy : a battleship pirate called Nekrosis .
Having spotted the miscreant in space our newbies pootled about as bait .
Myself and another older player , meanwhile , raced to the scene in our battleships , from our bases several systems distant .
It was to be a process that we would repeat thousands of times in the following five years : finding a target , offering him a reason to engage , then lasering the crap out of him .
He was n’t happy .
Of course the only reason we had any firepower at all was that we ’d begin to grasp how to fit ships to do proper damage .
Knowing what types of modules to fit , how to fit them , and then what ranges to engage at once we had fitted them , was an arcane art , and one that even I was only beginning to get the hang of .
My year headstart had given me money and skills , but my theorycraft was still weak .
Early fights such as those against Nekrosis gave us a taste for blood and the confidence to leave the safety of Empire space .
Boosted by humble victories we explored nearby regions , rapidly losing our battleships to smarter , more experienced players .
At this point the corporation was aimless , with little more to its ambition than allowing the members to have someone friendly to chat to .
It was clear that Statecorp needed more of a challenge than this low - profile existence could provide .
After a few weeks we migrated into the 0.0 ( nullsec ) space of Great Wildlands , where I had previously made friends via my player corporations from the from first year of the game .
That first year would prove to be extremely useful to us in the five that followed , because success in Eve so often relies on contacts and personal relationships .
Again and again the people I ’d flown with in the first few months of the game would pop up to help with StateCorp ’s evolution .
We spent several formative months in the Great Wildlands region , to which we would subsequently return many times .
This was our first taste of the alliance game , in which large groups of corporations combined their powers to control , police , and exploit a region of space .
Our alliance , the first Foundation , and soon found itself at war with a hostile alliance called Keiretsu .
I spent weeks learning about long range battleship combat – one of the staples of Eve ’s multi- layered PvP over the years – sniping enemy ships from a hundred kilometres or more distance .
Many of the Foundation veterans had been fighting out here for months , and they took the lead in teaching us how it was done .
StateCorp found itself dragged into huge fleet fights featuring scores , sometimes hundreds , of ships .
We learned the value of speed , and the thrill of interceptor duels .
We learned how to take losses gracefully , and how to make money quickly and safely .
All good lessons for the future , but we remained inexpert fighters .
Months would pass before we would begin to feel confident as a collective .
Soon another alliance made a play for the region .
As the war unfolded over the course of several weeks , it became clear that Foundation was to be defeated .
The fleets began to diminish in size as support ebbed away .
Eventually the conflict compelled us to move on from this starter home , and it was the first step in a tour of the galaxy that would last another five years .
We used our Foundation connections to find a second home .
This time it was The Forsaken Empire , a couple of regions away in an area known as Tribute .
The first few weeks were incredibly exciting .
The new owners of Great Wildlands , Veritas Immortalis ( - V -) Alliance , attacked , along with a series of pirate gangs , and the Forsaken Empire fleets found themselves embroiled in constant – although not serious – conflict .
That was okay by us , because we got to make huge amounts of money from Tribute ’s rich assets .
Anything that was destroyed could easily be replaced .
We began to learn how to scout out our enemies , configure to engage them , and to win fights against formidable foes .
The trademark of StateCorp : a specific plan for small - scale combat , rapidly conceived and executed , began to germinate around this time , with some spectacular small engagements taking place – the height of which was probably my rescue from an enemy system by a small team of State pilots .
At this point I also began to learn how to command fleets of dozens of players , swallowing intense humiliation as I lead a sixty - man gang to its death at the hands of a disciplined - V- fleet .
Everyone knew I had fucked up .
I swore not to let it happen again .
Understanding how Eve ’s solar - systems could be exploited for tactical advantage was something I would spend the coming years mastering .
Soon , however , The Forsaken Empire ’s leadership was to make the misstep that would define the future of StateCorp .
The alliance was dragged into a wider galactic conflict against a fierce PvP alliance known as The Five .
Our excitement at being involved in a huge coalition of alliances soon faded into concern as The Five ’s most militant corporations moved into stations close to our region .
This concern became panic as these new , potent enemies began routine attacks on our systems , decimating the alliance ’s less experienced members .
By this time The Forsaken Empire was a populous , flabby target , and our enemies revelled in racking up hundreds of kills each day .
The leadership was so desperate that they even implemented a “ stupid tax ” on those players who got killed because they had not paid attention to warnings .
Morale was slipping , and our grip on the region was going with it .
Eventually the Forsaken Empire commanders pulled together the entire alliance , as well as their local allies , to besiege the enemy corporation in their main base of operations .
The “ siege of HPA ” – a long , painful , series of sniper battles – probably only lasted a couple of weeks , but it seemed like a lifetime .
It went on and on , with neither side able to win a convincing victory .
Eventually a backroom deal was cut , and The Forsaken Empire ’s bosses decided on an armistice with The Five , the terms of which meant we had to attack our former allies .
It was a backstab that StateCorp could not stomach , and we decided , again , to move on .
Politics was going to be something that we would generally avoid meddling in , but would always feel the influence of .
In the years to come it would often be the political decisions of larger powers that often decided how our game played , and where we ended up residing .
For now though we wanted to avoid extended conflict with large powers , and had to look for something a little more downbeat .
Options at the time were numerous , thanks to the large number of smaller alliances that the game supported .
We read up on their agendas and manifestos , and decided that the tiny Frege Alliance sounded like it was aligned with our values .
However , we were now ferociously independent , having flown and fought together for months .
We elected not to throw our lot in entirely with this new alliance , and based ourselves at the nearby ISS Borealis .
This was one of the most fascinating projects of early Eve – a publicly funded space station – for which anyone could purchase shares .
ISS had , in what was a huge logistical and security exercise – built their second station near Frege space , and was looking for tenants .
As a neutral entity to all ISS allowed us to base there for a fee , and it meant that we were set apart , physically , from the rest of the Frege pilots .
This decision had a social effect that would bond the corporation closer together than ever : when we left the surrounds of the station , we did so as a group .
Even though we were part of another alliance , the most important thing was the cohesion of StateCorp itself .
We became totally self - reliant , within the larger whole .
Possibly our finest moment in this theatre was in combating war targets in high - security space – pirates who had formally declared corporate war on Frege – when we once again baited and destroyed a high value target .
This time , however , it was a faction battleship , called a machariel , which was equipped with the most expensive items the game had to offer .
We could not believe our luck , and the outraged pirate took his rant to the official forums – understandably livid that his prize ship could be destroyed by a small fleet of a fraction of the value .
As the years unfolded , the loot dropped by overconfident foes were to come to fund an astonishingly large amount of our activities , and cause bitter enmities .
Frege ’s time was troubled .
They attempted to merge with another alliance , with unhappy outcomes .
Soon there was in - fighting , and then a civil war .
We took the lead at this point , stomping the dissenters and earning a reputation as some of the most confident members of the small alliance .
( One brutal stand - up fight against raiders from far away industrial megaplex Ascendant Frontier sticks in the memory of our pilots to this day , and the battle cry of Frege ’s alliance leader was adopted as our own tongue - in - cheek response to ill - considered calls to combat : “ Rapid Deployment ! ” )
It was a formative time , although little more than skirmishing next to what the coming years would hold .
StateCorp learned the kind of routines that would keep us alive in thousands of battles to come .
We also learned to be distrustful of pilots we ’d not got the measure of , no matter how friendly they might be : strangers did n’t always follow orders , and that could get you killed .
As the civil war sputtered out , and the region lapsed into nothing more than occasional pirate raids , we began to realise that we were rather more experienced than we ’d thought .
The months of war the Forsaken Empire had hardened and focused us .
We decided we wanted another , wealthier region to operate in , while at the same time still working within an alliance that shared our values of fairness and anti-piracy .
It turned out that this alliance was The Huzzah Federation , which was occupying a region on the far side of the galaxy .
The move to Huzzah was to be the making of StateCorp , and set us on the road to the height of our powers .
Next : The “ Zoom Zoom ” Years , the joy of logistics , and the largest war machine ever assembled .
Read part 2 here .
Illustration by S. Kambayashi
AS JANUARY goes , so goes the year .
That old stockmarket saying does not augur well for 2010 , given that the MSCI World index fell by 4.2 % in the month , the biggest decline since February 2009 , and emerging markets dropped by 5.6 % .
Although markets rallied a bit in early February on better - than - expected economic data , the poor start to the year reflected an inherent contradiction to the rebound of 2009 .
That rally seemed to be dependent both on extraordinary stimulus measures by governments and central banks , and on a vigorous economic recovery .
But both cannot co-exist for long : either the recovery will not last or , if it does , the stimulus will be taken away .
In addition , governments ' ability to provide that stimulus is dependent on the markets ' own willingness to fund huge deficits at very low yields .
But why would investors accept meagre yields if they expected a vigorous recovery ?
In a sense , the market seemed to be hauling itself up by its own bootstraps .
Sure enough , the bullish story has started to unravel , if only at the edges .
In the developing world China has attempted to tighten monetary policy .
That has caused some alarm because China was acting as the engine of global growth .
And in the developed world investors have started to question the ability of governments to keep financing their deficits .
The obvious example is in Greece , where ten - year bond yields reached 7 % late last month .
At that level , which is well above likely Greek GDP growth , the country 's indebtedness would grow very rapidly .
However unpopular it may prove to be , an austerity package is needed to prevent Greece from falling into this debt trap ( see article ) .
So even in places where governments may wish to maintain fiscal stimulus , the markets may force them into corrective action .
Britain , France , Ireland , Spain , Portugal and others have all indicated their determination to keep deficits under control , with varying degrees of conviction .
But withdrawal of even small parts of the stimulus packages can send an economy back into the doldrums .
As an example , American new - home sales slowed sharply after an initial end - of - November deadline for the expiry of a buyers ' tax credit .
Although the credit has since been extended until April , December 's sales were just 342,000 , compared with 329,000 in January 2009 , at the height of the crisis .
The stimulus may have prevented the global economy from slipping into depression .
In the medium term , however , academic studies suggest that higher government spending leads to slower economic growth .
A 2008 paper by Antonio Afonso of the European Central Bank and Davide Furceri of the University of Palermo calculates that for every one - percentage - point rise in government spending as a proportion of GDP , the growth rate falls by 0.12-0.13 percentage points .
What 's more , the packages have not really dealt with the problem of excessive debt , but merely transferred it from the private to the public sector .
This buys time , but is akin to those debt - consolidation plans that are sold to consumers on TV .
The pain is spread out over a longer period .
But pain there will be , in the form of higher taxes , higher bond yields , slower growth or a combination of all three .
The authorities face a dilemma .
Reduce the stimulus now and they risk plunging the economy back into recession , as happened in America in 1937 and Japan in 1997 .
But leave the stimulus in place for too long , and they risk damaging long - term growth prospects .
The bulls hope that the economy can escape from this trap by the simple expedient of private - sector growth .
That is why they welcomed the rise in manufacturing activity signalled in this week 's latest purchasing managers ' indices .
If the private sector rebounds of its own accord , unemployment will fall and budget deficits will decline .
But hopes for a strong private - sector recovery are undermined by the data on credit growth .
In the year to December , the broad measure of money supply fell by 0.2 % in the euro zone and grew by just 3.4 % in America .
In Britain the annual growth rate is higher ( 6.4 % in December ) , but David Owen , an economist at Jefferies International , estimates that quantitative easing ( QE ) , whereby central banks create money to buy assets , has been boosting the figure by an annualised rate of 10 % .
If the Bank of England stops QE entirely , the credit - growth rate could collapse .
For the stockmarket rally to resume properly in 2010 , economies in the developed world need to show they can stand on their own two feet .
Economist.com/blogs/buttonwood
John Randle Enshrinement speech
Pro Football Hall of Fame Field at Fawcett Stadium
August 7 , 2010
START OF PRESENTER VIDEO
John Teerlinck ( presenter ) :
John was the original energizer bunny .
He was the bunny before they had the bunny .
This guy was nonstop .
No one wanted to see Randle coming .
You were in for a rough - ass day and that was n’t an act .
I first met John in , be the winter of ’ 91 - ’92 after I left the Rams and signed down with Denny Green at Minnesota .
John was a back - up defensive end and a special teamer .
He was not drafted , so he was n’t one of the premier guys , but you recognized that he was a young , eager , fire - round , go - get - em guy .
And you knew you had something to work with , you just did n’t know where .
We set up a bunch of drills back then just to see what we had — watch movement , watch how you could use your hands and feet and he just took over the drill .
You could really see this guy had all kinds of shake and wiggle and movement , and of course , a nonstop motor .
So right away he caught your attention .
He was a Parana on a feeding frenzy .
We told him you had one thing to do , get to the quarterback .
We stole the old Viking line from Bud Grant , lets meet at the quarterback and that ’s what he did best .
John had 137.5 sacks in his career .
And the thing that ’s so amazing of those numbers , is 54 came on third - down , but 53 came on first .
That ’s entirely unheard of .
Most people get their sacks on third - down out of a sub package , out of a mismatch , but first down for John was just as pass - happy as third down .
That really says a lot .
I remember a game against Detroit , I think we got Mitchell seven or eight times , we got the ball out five or six times , and with the crucial times when we had to have a play Johnny would come up and get us off the field .
When someone had to be the closer , he could close it out .
Narrator ( Steve Sabol ) :
But Randle was n’t content to only let his play do the talking .
Teerlinck :
John talked a lot of trash , but it was n’t the normal taunting kind of trash talk , it was funny , it was stuff to get distracted .
More stuff that he ’d choose , wondering where do you get that stuff from , or that ’s really off the wall , why is he talking about that ?
And it might not have anything to do with football .
These guys would shake their heads , saying this guy ’s nuts .
He wanted you to think he was crazy ; he was n’t crazy .
Narrator :
Though his methods may not have been conventional , they were effective .
During nine different seasons , Randle tallied at least ten sacks , earning himself seven trips to the Pro Bowl and six First - Team All - Pro selections .
Teerlinck :
I ’ve been lucky enough to coach 31 playoff games , six championship games and be in four Super Bowls , and having the chance to pres ent John Randle is bigger than all those things combined .
I ’m honored to present John Randle for induction into the Pro Football Hall of Fame .
END OF VIDEO
John Randle :
Wow .
Well , it 's too late , they can't take it back now .
I 'm here ; I 'm in .
First of all , I want to thank John Teerlinck for presenting me , motivating me , focusing me on the game that I love .
I also want to say , John , thank you for saying I could excel and play in the National Football League , even though I was n't drafted , did n't play for a major school .
Also thank you for showing me what sometimes I did n't see in myself .
Also I want to thank my hometown , Mumford , Texas , population 150 .
I also want to thank Herron , Texas , where I went to high school .
Also I 'd like to thank Keith Waters , who many of you may not know .
Keith coached me at Trinity Valley Community College .
He also convinced me to continue with my dream of playing football when I was uncertain about college and my future .
He also encouraged me to go to Texas A&I with a rich winning tradition .
Thank you also for all my college teammates at Texas A&I .
Thank you , guys .
Next I 'd like to thank the Minnesota Vikings , a team that believed in me , gave me a chance to play defensive line when most teams thought I was undersized and I was n't going to make the team .
Also a lot of credit goes to my teammates at the Vikings and also the Seattle Seahawks , and especially my teammates when I first got in the league , such guys at Henry Thomas , Chris Doleman , and Randall McDaniel .
Thank you , guys , for taking me under your wing and showing me the way .
I 'd also like to thank Jerry Burns , Denny Green for seeing something in me and also believing that I could make the team .
I also want to thank Dennis Ryan , the head equipment guy from the Minnesota Vikings for finding a shoulder pad that would fit this small body ( laughter ) .
I 'd also like to thank the fans for those days when I thought I had given my all and had nothing left to give .
You may not believe this , but those days when I believed that I could n't go on , I did n't have the strength to continue , you gave me the strength to play hard , practice hard , and to go out there and play a hundred percent on every play .
I also would like to thank my two big brothers Dennis and Ervin Randle .
Thank you for letting me follow you around Mumford , Texas , when we were growing up .
I 'd also like to thank my mom , who is no longer here .
She raised three boys by herself with very little money .
Thank you , mom .
I love you .
I 'd also like to thank my loving family , my wife Candace , she is my strength and best friend , and my kids who are my pride and joy .
I also want to thank my whole family in Texas and a new one in Minnesota for being on this journey with me and also for helping me believe in myself and continue after football .
I also am so humbled by this incredible honor which I never thought was possible .
Thank you to the Pro Football Hall of Fame , everyone who played a part in electing me for making this small - town kid 's dream come true .
Thank you .
A Chinese activist who investigated the deaths of children in schools that collapsed in the Sichuan earthquake was today jailed for five years for subversion , his lawyer said .
The court in Chengdu sentenced Tan Zuoren over comments he made in online articles about the violent crackdown on Tiananmen Square protests in 1989 .
But he and his supporters believe he was detained owing to his research into the deaths of thousands of pupils .
Charges related to his investigation were ignored in the verdict .
" The court was very smart .
They took out any mention of the earthquake from the verdict because they are afraid of referring to it , " said his lawyer , Pu Zhiqiang .
The quake in the south - western province in May 2008 left almost 90,000 people dead or missing .
But parents demanded to know why many schools collapsed even when buildings around them stood firm .
As public outrage about poor quality construction grew , authorities stamped out any discussion of the matter , harassing parents who protested .
Tan , 55 , received the maximum sentence for subverting state power , highlighting what human rights groups describe as an increasingly punitive environment for dissidents .
He plans to appeal .
The lawyer of another man who campaigned over the deaths of Sichuan children said today that a court had upheld his three year sentence on appeal .
Huang Qi , a well known activist , was convicted in November of revealing state secrets after trying to gather information on shoddy school construction .
Tan 's wife , Wang Qinghua , was not allowed to attend the 10 - minute sentencing session .
" Even one day of imprisonment is too much .
He only exercised his freedom of expression and addressed corruption from his own conscience , " she told Amnesty International .
" Tan 's case is the most important one to take place recently , because it is a sign of a huge step backwards in China 's judicial ethics and independence after decades of reform and opening , " said Ai Weiwei , a leading artist who has also attempted to tally the number of pupils who died in the disaster .
" Tan Zuoren received such a serious punishment only for believing or writing in his [ online ] diaries that there were problems with the earthquake .
It is ridiculous .
Though China claims to the world that it is a major country , the case just shows how fragile and lacking in confidence it is . "
Hong Kong radio station RTHK said police tried to block nine journalists from the territory from interviewing Tan 's lawyer outside the court .
Chen Yunfei , another Sichuan activist , tweeted that he had wanted to attend the sentencing but that police arrived at his house last night to stop him doing so .
" [ Tan 's ] arrest , unfair trial and now the guilty verdict are further disturbing examples of how the Chinese authorities use vague and over broad laws to silence and punish dissenting voices , " said Roseann Rife , Asia - Pacific deputy director at Amnesty .
" The Chinese authorities cannot continue to claim that they are dealing with human rights defenders according to the law when they violate so many of their own legal procedures in cases like this . "
Tan stood trial in August last year , but his lawyers were unable to call witnesses to testify or to show video footage they had prepared .
Police also detained and threatened supporters including Ai .
The US government ’s policy of leaving the Internet alone is over , according to Obama ’s top official at the Department of Commerce .
Instead , an “ Internet Policy 3.0 ” approach will see policy discussions between government agencies , foreign governments , and key Internet constituencies , according to Assistant Secretary Larry Strickling , with those discussions covering issues such as privacy , child protection , cybersecurity , copyright protection , and Internet governance .
The outcomes of such discussions will be “ flexible ” but may result in recommendations for legislation or regulation , Strickling said in a speech at the Media Institute in Washington this week .
The new approach is a far cry from a US government that consciously decided not to intrude into the internet ’s functioning and growth and in so doing allowed an academic network to turn into a global communications phenomenon .
Strickling referred to these roots arguing that it was “ the right policy for the United States in the early stages of the Internet , and the right message to send to the rest of the world . ”
But , he continued , “ that was then and this is now .
As we at NTIA approach a wide range of Internet policy issues , we take the view that we are now in the third generation of Internet policy making . ”
Outlining three decades of internet evolution - from transition to commercialization , from the garage to Main Street , and now , starting in 2010 , the “ Policy 3.0 ” approach - Strickling argued that with the internet is now a social network as well a business network .
“ We must take rules more seriously . ”
He cited a number of examples where this new approach was needed : end users worried about credit card transactions , content providers who want to prevent their copyright , companies concerned about hacking , network neutrality , and foreign governments worried about Internet governance systems .
The decision to effectively end the policy that made the internet what it is today is part of a wider global trend of governments looking to impose rules on use of the network by its citizens .
In the UK , the Digital Economy Bill currently making its way through Parliament has been the subject of significant controversy for advocating strict rules on copyright infringement and threatening to ban people from the internet if they are found to do so .
The bill includes a wide variety of other measures , including giving regulator Ofcom a wider remit , forcing ISPs to monitor their customers ’ behavior , and allowing the government to take over the dot - uk registry .
In New Zealand , a similar measure to the UK ’s cut - off provision has been proposed by revising the Copyright Act to allow a tribunal to fine those found guilty of infringing copyright online as well as suspend their Internet accounts for up to six months .
And in Italy this week , three Google executives were sentenced to jail for allowing a video that was subsequently pulled down to be posted onto its YouTube video site .
Internationally , the Internet Governance Forum – set up by under a United Nations banner to deal with global governance issues – is due to end its experimental run this year and become an acknowledged institution .
However , there are signs that governments are increasingly dominating the IGF , with civil society and the Internet community sidelined in the decision - making process .
In this broader context , the US government ’s newly stated policy is more in line with the traditional laissez - faire internet approach .
Internet Policy 3.0 also offers a more global perspective than the isolationist approach taken by the previous Bush administration .
In explicitly stating that foreign governments will be a part of the upcoming discussions , Strickling recognizes the United States ’ unique position as the country that gives final approval for changes made to the internet ’s “ root zone . ”
Currently the global Internet is dependent on an address book whose contents are changed through a contract that the US government has granted to the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Number ( ICANN ) , based in Los Angeles .
ICANN recently adjusted its own agreement with the US government to give it more autonomy and now reports to the global Internet community through a series of reviews .
Strickling sits on the panel of one of those reviews .
Overall , this new approach could enable the US government to regain the loss of some of its direct influence through recommendations made in policy reports .
But internet old hands will still decry the loss of a policy that made the network what it is today . ®
Food stamp programs in 30 states and the District of Columbia provided data on the number of recipients who had no other cash income in 2007 and 2009 .
These numbers reflect not only the economic conditions in various states , but also the extent to which food stamp recipients qualify for other safety net programs , such as welfare or unemployment compensation .
Related Article »
ALONG with buckets of money  more than $ 1.6 billion so far , worldwide  and a couple of Golden Globes , James Cameron ’s “ Avatar ” has collected a smattering of controversy .
Some of the hue and cry has involved matters of political allegory and theological implication , as pundits have divined that this globally popular blockbuster may represent a veiled ideological attack on America , capitalism , humanity , monotheism or all of the above .
But the fiercest attack on “ Avatar ” has focused on what may seem , compared to such lofty matters , like a minor detail .
Of all the corny lines and ready - made catchphrases in Mr. Cameron ’s script , perhaps none has turned out to be so provocative as one uttered by Grace Augustine , the scientist played by Sigourney Weaver : “ Where ’s my damn cigarette ? ”
In the view of anti-smoking activists , the correct answer should be : Nowhere , at least not in any real or imaginary world governed by a PG - 13 rating .
The logic of the Smoke - Free Movies campaign , which seeks an R rating for almost all instances of on - screen puffing , is straightforward enough .
If the Motion Picture Association of America ’s ratings board advises parents about sex , violence , language and drug use , why should it not also shield children from exposure to a lethal ( if legal ) product that hooks , sickens and kills hundreds of thousands of people a year ?
Since 2007 the M.P.A.A. has considered smoking when it makes its judgments , and one studio , Disney , has since then made all its family films smoke free .
Should that be true of all movies likely to be seen by children ?
Does it matter that Grace ’s smoking , according to Mr. Cameron , is meant to emphasize the less attractive aspects of her temperament , including that she “ does n’t care about the human body ” ?
And if that mitigation seems like a bit of a stretch ( in the future , how likely is it that scientific laboratories on distant moons will allow what their earthbound counterparts forbid today ? ) , what about some of the other recent instances tarred , as it were , by the opprobrium of Smoke - Free Movies ?
The principal smoker in the animated “ Fantastic Mr. Fox ” is a villain , and if the hero in “ Sherlock Holmes ” takes a draw or two on a pipe , well , he is Sherlock Holmes .
In the movie - smoking debate , even clear positions  that children must be protected from images that might influence their behavior , or that filmmakers should be immune from censorship and interference  tend quickly to be fogged with questions of context and nuance .
That is because underneath the public discussion about smoking ( or gun violence , or sexual promiscuity , or whatever social problem has seized the momentary spotlight ) is another , much more confused discourse : about movies and about the ways they mirror and occlude reality .
Imagine a " dream " agreement emerging from Copenhagen next week : The U.S. agrees to cut greenhouse emissions 80 % by 2050 , as President Barack Obama has been promising .
The other developed countries promise to cut emissions by 60 % .
China promises to reduce its CO2 intensity by 70 % in 2040 .
Emerging economies promise that in 2040 , when their wealth per capita has grown to half that of the U.S. , they will cut emissions by 80 % over the following 40 years .
And all parties make good on their pledges .
Environmental success , right ?...
Find the smallest possible test case that tickles the bug .
The aim is to find the smallest and fastest way to reproduce the bug reliably .
With heisenbugs this can be hard , but even a fast way to reproduce it some percentage of the time is valuable .
Automate that test case .
It 's best if the test case can be automated so that it can be run again and again .
This also means that the test case can become part of your program 's test suite once the bug is eliminated .
This 'll stop it coming back .
Debug until you find the root cause .
The root cause is vital .
Unless you fully understand why the bug occurred you can't be sure that you 've actually fixed it .
It 's very easy to get fooled with heisenbugs into thinking that you 've eliminated them , when all you 've done is covered them up .
Fix it and verify using # 2 .
“ OK , set your optimizer to - O0 , ” , I told Jay , “ and test .
If it fails to segfault , you have an optimizer bug .
Walk the optimization level upwards until the bug reproduces , then back off one . ”
#include < stdlib .h>
int a ( )
{
int ar [ 16 ] ;
ar [ 20 ] = ( getpid ( ) % 19==0 ) ;
}
int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] )
{
int rc [ 16 ] ;
rc [ 0 ] = 0 ;
a( ) ;
return rc [ 0 ] ;
}
odd.c
CC=gcc
CFLAGS=
odd : odd.o
#!/bin/bash
for i in { 0..20}
do
./odd ; echo -n " $ ? "
done
echo
rc [ 0 ]
$ ./test
0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
[...]
rc [ 0 ] = 0 ;
printf ( " [ %d ] " , rc [ 0 ] ) ;
a( ) ;
[...]
$ ./test
[ 0] 0 [ 0 ] 0 [ 0 ] 0 [ 0 ] 0 [ 0 ] 0 [ 0 ] 0 [ 0 ] 0 [ 0 ] 0 [ 0 ] 0 [ 0 ] 0 [ 0 ]
0
[ 0] 0 [ 0 ] 0 [ 0 ] 0 [ 0 ] 0 [ 0 ] 0 [ 0 ] 0 [ 0 ] 0 [ 0 ] 0 [ 0 ] 0 [ 0 ]
0
[...]
rc [ 0 ] = 0 ;
a( ) ;
printf ( " [ %d ] " , rc [ 0 ] ) ;
[...]
$ make CFLAGS=-O3
gcc - O3 - c -o odd.o odd.c
gcc odd.o -o odd
$ ./test
0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
a ()
ar
rc [ 0 ]
rc [ 0 ]
One of the most depressing things about being a programmer is the realization that your time is not entirely spent creating new and exciting programs , but is actually spent eliminating all the problems that you yourself introduced .
This process is called debugging .
And on a daily basis every programmer must face that fact that as they write code , they write bugs .
And when they find that their code does n't work , they have to go looking for the problems they created for themselves .
To deal with this problem the computer industry has built up an enormous amount of scar tissue around programs to make sure that they do work .
Programmers use continuous integration memory checkers and debuggers to help prevent and help find bugs .
But bugs remain and must be eliminated by human reasoning .
Some programming languages , such as C , are particularly susceptible to certain types of bugs that appear and disappear at random , and once you try figuring out what 's causing them they disappear .
These are sometimes called heisenbugs because as soon as you go searching for them they vanish .
These bugs can appear in any programming language ( and especially when writing multi - threaded code where small changes in timing can uncover or cover race conditions ) .
But in C there 's another problem : memory corruption .
Whatever the cause of a bug the key steps in finding an eliminating a bug are : Yesterday , a post appeared on Hacker News entitled
When you see a heisenbug in C , suspect your compiler ’s optimizer .
This is , simply put , appalling advice .
The compiler you are using is likely used by thousands or hundreds of thousands of people .
Your code is likely used by you .
Which is more likely to have been shaken out and stabilized ?
In fact , it 's a sign of a very poor or inexperienced programmer if their first thought on encountering a bug is to blame someone else .
It 's tempting to blame the compiler , the library , or the operating system .
But the best programmers are those who control their ego and are able to face the fact that it 's likely their fault .
Of course , bugs in other people 's code do exist .
There 's no doubt that libraries are faulty , operating systems do weird things and compilers do generate odd code .
But most of the time , it 's you , the programmer 's fault .
And that applies even if the bug appears to be really weird .
Debugging is often a case of banging your head against your own code repeating to yourself all of the impossible things that can't ever happen in your code until one of those impossible things turns out to be possible and you 've got the bug .
The linked article contains an example of exactly what not to conclude :
All you know from changing optimization levels is that optimization changes whether the bug appears or not .
That does n't tell you the optimizer is wrong .
You have n't found the root cause of your bug .
Since optimizers perform all sorts of code rearrangement and speed ups changing optimizer levels is very likely to change the presence or absence of a heisenbug .
That does n't make it the optimizer 's fault ; it 's still almost certainly yours .
Here 's a concrete example of a simple C program that contains a bug that appears and disappears when optimization level is changed , and exhibits other odd behavior .
First , here 's the program : Build this with gcc under Mac OS X with the following simple Makefile ( I saved it in a file called ) :
And here 's a simple test program for run it 20 times and print the return code :
If you run that test program you 'd expect a string of zeroes , becauseis never set to anything other than zero in the program .
Yet here 's sample output :
If you are an experienced C programmer you 'll see how I made that 1 appear ( and why it appears at different places ) , but let 's try to debug with quick a printfNow when you run the test program the bug is gone :
Weird , so you move the printf : and get the same odd result of a disappearing bug .
And the same thing happens if you turn the optimizer on even without the printfs ( this is the opposite of the situation in the linked article ) :
This all came about because the functionallocates a 16 integer array calledand then promptly writes past the end of it either 1 or 0 depending on whether the PID of the process is divisible by 19 or not .
It ends up writing on top ofbecause of the arrangement of the stack .
Adding printfs or changing optimization level changes the layout of the code and causes the bad write to not hit .
But beware !
The bug has n't gone , it 's just writing on some other bit of memory .
Because C programs are suspectible to this sort of error it 's vital that good tools are used to check for problems .
For example , the static code check splint and the memory analyzer valgrind help eliminate tons of nasty C bugs .
And you should build your software with the maximum warning level ( I prefer warn - as - error ) and eliminate them all .
Only once you 've done all that should you start to suspect someone else 's code .
And even when you do , you need to follow the same steps to reproduce the bug and get to the root cause .
Most of the time , unfortunately , bugs are your fault .
Labels : rants and raves
Hey Sony , kudos for getting it right with your upcoming PS3 - exclusive MAG and avoiding the usual , generally dubious review exclusives .
After all , you 're about to release a massively - multiplayer shooter tomorrow that supports -- and by your own estimates , practically demands -- up to 256 players simultaneously .
That 's 256 players divvied into squads of eight players , with four squads to a platoon and four platoons comprising a company .
Yeah , massive .
As in ' action game ' .
Ergo MAG .
According to Sony Computer Entertainment 's Jeff Rubenstein ( noticed by Examiner ) on the official PlayStation blog :
Reviews ca n’t be written until the game is actually out .
I mean , you can't pass pre-release judgment on a game whose major , industry - leading feature ( 256 players in a single battle ) ca n’t be tested until release day .
So 256 .
That 's certainly a big number in game lingo .
It 's also apparently an area code in Alabama , the number of different values in a data byte , 4 raised to the fourth power , the number of columns in a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet , the largest three - digit number that 's also an 8th power , the hertz frequency of Middle C , the number of regular season games in the NFL , and -- wait for it -- the legendary ' split - screen ' level in Pac - Man .
And we thought 16 - player 28,000 baud Quake matches back in 1997 were mind - boggling .
Connect with me on Twitter @game_on
January 16 , 2010 794
The first thing which put me off after logging in to the kubuntu ( 9.10 ) desktop for the first time was the fonts .
They are two problems I have with the default Kubuntu fonts ( Well the first one is not much of a problem but personal taste . )
1 : The default fonts
The default font setup on Kubuntu Karmic is ok .
But I wanted some better than ok , so I install the liberation fonts which has always served me well in the past ( especially when I was a gnomie )
It comes as part of the Kubuntu - restricted - extra package .
sudo apt - get install ttf - liberation
Once installed you can change the system fonts by going to System - Settings / Appearance / Fonts and click Adjust all fonts then select Liberation Sans from the list .
( I got the best appearance by using size eight )
2 : The fonts for gtk application are just way too fugly that it hurts the eyes .
Plus they look very out of place from the rest of the KDE UI .
Thankfully I was able to fix this issue by replacing the .
fonts.
conf in my home directory with this one file rename the .raw. txt file to .
fonts.conf and place it you your home directory ( remember that a file with a .
( dot ) in front is hidden in Linux .
You can always view all hidden file in KDE with Alt and .( dot ) keyboard combination )
Once you have done this you can log out and login back for the changes to take effect .
After applying this fix around you would notice a clear difference in the way gtk app fonts are displayed .
The Fix makes fonts for gkt application to be very smooth and consistent with the rest of the KDE UI
Before the fix
After the Fix
I will let you be the judge of that .
You can also browse through other related articles on aoizora.org .
Hope someone finds this useful .
From the BLS :
The unemployment rate fell from 10.0 to 9.7 percent in January , and nonfarm payroll employment was essentially unchanged ( - 20,000 ) , the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reported today .
Employment fell in construction and in transportation and warehousing , while temporary help services and retail trade added jobs .
Click on graph for larger image .
This graph shows the unemployment rate and the year over year change in employment vs. recessions .
Nonfarm payrolls decreased by 20,000 in January .
The economy has lost almost 4.0 million jobs over the last year , and 8.42 million jobs since the beginning of the current employment recession .
( note : job losses were 7.2 million before benchmark revision ) .
The unemployment rate declined to 9.7 percent .
( I 'll have more on that soon )
The second graph shows the job losses from the start of the employment recession , in percentage terms ( as opposed to the number of jobs lost ) .
For the current recession , employment peaked in December 2007 , and this recession is by far the worst recession since WWII in percentage terms , and 2nd worst in terms of the unemployment rate ( only early ' 80s recession with a peak of 10.8 percent was worse ) .
I 'll have much more soon ...
By Hugh Schofield
BBC News , Paris
French officials were angry that a relief flight was originally turned back Nicolas Sarkozy has moved to defuse a potentially embarrassing row with the US over claims that France is being sidelined in the aid effort in Haiti .
The French president 's office praised the US's " exceptional mobilisation " and its " essential role ... on the ground " .
He was responding to signs of tension that appeared over the weekend .
France 's International Co-operation Minister Alain Joyandet complained that a French plane carrying a field hospital was turned back by US troops .
American forces have been running Port - au - Prince airport , and have not been able to accommodate all relief flights .
Mr Joyandet - who was in Haiti - said he had issued a formal protest to the US authorities via the French embassy , and that his actions were backed by Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner .
He was quoted as saying : " This is about helping Haiti , not about occupying Haiti . "
Hurt pride
But now the Elysee Palace has issued a statement explicitly praising the US for its lead role in the emergency , and denying any breakdown in relations .
France has issued a stamp in solidarity with victims in Haiti
The statement says that Mr Sarkozy has had a telephone conversation with US President Barack Obama , in which they pledged to " unite their efforts to confront the urgent humanitarian situation , and , later , to respond to the vast task of reconstruction " .
Underlying the episode is a tangible sense of hurt pride that France is being relegated to a secondary role in a country long regarded as part of its own sphere of influence .
France was colonial master in Haiti up until the famous slave revolt 200 years ago , and French is still an official language there .
The crisis has unleashed a vast outpouring of support and sympathy in France , which is home to some 80,000 Haitian nationals .
Charities have received more than 15 m euros ( £ 13 m ) from private donors - in addition to the 20 m euros provided by the government .
France has also sent 240 emergency workers and police to help with the rescue effort , while two navy ships and five aircraft shuttle in supplies .
However , the fact that the United States is so clearly in charge of the operation does rankle with some in France - particularly those with a predisposition to mistrust anything American .
As one blogger put it on the website of Le Figaro newspaper : " The US aid to Haiti constitutes a new case of ' shock doctrine ' - ie taking advantage of a natural calamity to subjugate a disorientated populace to the desires and orders of a financial and industrial oligarchy . "
However most French people are far less hostile - recognising that Haiti is in America 's backyard , and that America alone has the resources to react on the scale required .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Guidance is a prayer times application for Mac OS X that plays the Adhan when it is time for prayer .
Designed to be simple and elegant , Guidance sits in the menu bar and shows a countdown until the next prayer .
When it 's time for prayer , Guidance displays a notification and plays the adhan .
Guidance stays out of the way while providing you with current prayer time information .
Guidance offers the most simple and convenient way to know when to pray on your mac .
Guidance requires OS X 10.8 and above .
For other versions of macOS you can download older versions of Guidance .
Islam considers Jesus ( ‘ a ) as one of the greatest Prophets and Personalities .
There are several stories of Jesus ( ‘ a ) that can be found in Islamic Literature ( See : Words of the Word of God ) that serve as a common ground between Muslims and Christians .
Did you like this comic ?
Copy this Code to add the above Comic to your Blog / Website :
{code type=html}
{/ code}
About this page
Below you can find a list of intentional changes between the the FPC 2.2.4 release and the 2.4.0 release which can change the behaviour of previously working code , along with why these changes were performed and how you can adapt your code if you are affected by them .
All systems
Usage Changes
ppc386.cfg configuration file is no longer read
Old behaviour :
In addition to fpc.cfg and .fpc.cfg , the compiler also looked for configuration files with the names ppc386.cfg and .ppc386.cfg
: In addition to and , the compiler also looked for configuration files with the names and New behaviour :
The compiler only looks for configuration files with the names fpc.cfg and .
fpc.cfg
: The compiler only looks for configuration files with the names and Reason :
The ppc386.cfg name stems from the time that the compiler only supported the i386 platform , which is no longer the case .
Naming configuration files like that has also been deprecated since quite a while , and the compiler warned about this in previous versions .
: The name stems from the time that the compiler only supported the i386 platform , which is no longer the case .
Naming configuration files like that has also been deprecated since quite a while , and the compiler warned about this in previous versions .
Remedy : Rename any (.) ppc386.cfg files you have and are using to (.) fpc.cfg
Language changes
Passing ordinal constants to formal const parameters
Old behaviour : Ordinal constants could be passed directly to formal parameters .
: Ordinal constants could be passed directly to formal parameters .
New behaviour : Passing ordinal constants to formal parameters is no longer allowed .
: Passing ordinal constants to formal parameters is no longer allowed .
Example :
procedure test ( const a ) ; begin end ; begin test ( 5 ) ; end .
The above program used to compile , but now it does not anymore .
Reason :
It is not clear from the code above what the size of the ordinal constant ( 1 , 2 , 4 or 8 bytes ) will be when it is passed to the procedure .
See for example http://bugs.freepascal.org/view.php?id=9015 for how this can cause problems .
The change in behaviour is also Delphi - compatible .
: It is not clear from the code above what the size of the ordinal constant ( 1 , 2 , 4 or 8 bytes ) will be when it is passed to the procedure .
See for example http://bugs.freepascal.org/view.php?id=9015 for how this can cause problems .
The change in behaviour is also Delphi - compatible .
Effect :
Code using this construct will no longer compile .
: Code using this construct will no longer compile .
Remedy : Declare a variable of the appropriate size , assign the value to it and then pass this variable as parameter instead .
Treating direct - mapped properties as regular fields
Old behaviour :
The compiler allowed treating properties that directly read and write a field ( as opposed to redirecting via a getter / setter ) as direct references to this field .
This means that you could pass such properties to var and out parameters , that you could take their address , that you could assign values to subscripted properties with non-pointer result types ( see example //2 below ) , and that you could assign values to typecasted properties .
: The compiler allowed treating properties that directly read and write a field ( as opposed to redirecting via a getter / setter ) as direct references to this field .
This means that you could pass such properties to and parameters , that you could take their address , that you could assign values to subscripted properties with non-pointer result types ( see example below ) , and that you could assign values to typecasted properties .
New behaviour :
All properties are now treated equal , regardless of whether they directly map to a field or use a getter / setter .
: All properties are now treated equal , regardless of whether they directly map to a field or use a getter / setter .
Example :
{ $mode objfpc} type trec = record a , b : integer ; end ; tc = class private fmyfield : integer ; frec : trec ; public property myfield : integer read fmyfield write fmyfield ; property rec : trec read frec write frec ; end ; var c : tc ; begin c := tc . create ; inc ( c . myfield ) ; //1 c . rec .
a := 5 ; //2 cardinal ( c . myfield ) := $ ffffffff ; //3 end .
The above code used to compile .
Now the line marked with //1 will be flagged as Can't take the address of constant expressions , and the lines marked with // 2 and //3 as Argument can't be assigned to .
Reason : Properties abstract the underlying memory layout and class implementation .
By ignoring this abstraction in case a property directly mapped to a field , it became impossible to afterwards transparently change the property into an indirection via a getter and / or setter .
The new behaviour is also Delphi - compatible .
: Properties abstract the underlying memory layout and class implementation .
By ignoring this abstraction in case a property directly mapped to a field , it became impossible to afterwards transparently change the property into an indirection via a getter and / or setter .
The new behaviour is also Delphi - compatible .
Remedy : Change your code so that the address of properties is no longer taken , that they are no longer used as var or out parameters , that subscripts of properties with a non-pointer result types are no longer assigned to , and that properties to which you write are not typecasted .
Note that a class instance qualifies as a pointer type in this context .
Overloading the assignment operator with a shortstring result
Old behaviour :
It was possible to overload the assignment operator " := " for every possible shortstring length as result ( i.e. , for string [ 1 ] , string [ 2 ] , ... , string [ 255 ] )
: It was possible to overload the assignment operator " := " for every possible shortstring length as result ( i.e. , for string [ 1 ] , string [ 2 ] , ... , string [ 255 ] )
New behaviour :
It is now only possible to overload the assignment operator for string [ 255 ] as result .
: It is now only possible to overload the assignment operator for string [ 255 ] as result .
Example :
type ts1 = string [ 4 ] ; ts2 = string [ 255 ] ; operator := ( l : longint ) res : ts1 ; begin str ( l : 4 , res ) ; end ; operator := ( l : longint ) res : ts2 ; begin str ( l : 20 , res ) ; end ; begin end .
The above code used to compile in previous versions .
Now , the operator with ts1 as result is refused .
Reason :
Since shortstrings of all lengths are assignment - compatible with all other shortstrings , an overloaded assignment operator defined for a single shortstring length has to work for assigning to shortstrings of all lengths ( see bug # 12109 ) .
As a result , having assignment operators for multiple shortstring lengths would introduce ambiguity in case there is no exact match .
: Since shortstrings of all lengths are assignment - compatible with all other shortstrings , an overloaded assignment operator defined for a single shortstring length has to work for assigning to shortstrings of all lengths ( see bug # 12109 ) .
As a result , having assignment operators for multiple shortstring lengths would introduce ambiguity in case there is no exact match .
Remedy :
If you require differentiating between multiple shortstring lengths , you now have to wrap these shortstrings in a record :
type ts1 = record s : string [ 4 ] ; end ; ts2 = record s : string [ 255 ] ; end ; operator := ( l : longint ) res : ts1 ; begin str ( l : 4 , res . s ) ; end ; operator := ( l : longint ) res : ts2 ; begin str ( l : 20 , res . s ) ; end ; begin end .
Absolute variable declarations
Old behaviour :
It was possible to use absolute variable declarations to refer to expressions containing implicit pointer dereferences ( class fields , dynamic array elements , pchar elements , ansistring / widestring elements , ... ) .
Expressions containing explicit dereferencing were forbidden .
: It was possible to use variable declarations to refer to expressions containing implicit pointer dereferences ( class fields , dynamic array elements , pchar elements , ansistring / widestring elements , ... ) .
Expressions containing explicit dereferencing were forbidden .
New behaviour : absolute variable declarations can no longer be used to refer to any kind of dereferenced expressions , be it implicit or explicit .
: variable declarations can no longer be used to refer to any kind of dereferenced expressions , be it implicit or explicit .
Example :
type ta = class p : pointer ; procedure test ; end ; procedure ta .
test ; var pa : ta absolute p ; b : pchar ; c : char absolute b [ 4 ] ; begin end ; begin end .
The above code used to compile , but now it is rejected .
Reason : Consistency ( implicit vs. explicit dereferencing should make no difference ) , Delphi compatibility .
: Consistency ( implicit vs. explicit dereferencing should make no difference ) , Delphi compatibility .
Remedy :
You can replace such constructs often either using initialized variables , or using with - statements .
Indexed properties and default parameters
Old behaviour :
If a getter for an index property has default parameters , it was possible to leave away those parameters also when accessing the property .
: If a getter for an index property has default parameters , it was possible to leave away those parameters also when accessing the property .
New behaviour :
When indexing a property , you always have to specify all parameters .
: When indexing a property , you always have to specify all parameters .
Example :
{ $mode objfpc} {$ H+} type { TForm1 } TForm1 = class private function GetFoo ( Index : Integer ; Ask : Boolean = True ) : Integer ; public property Foo [ Index : Integer ; Ask : Boolean ] : Integer read GetFoo ; end ; function TForm1 .
GetFoo ( Index : Integer ; Ask : Boolean ) : Integer ; begin Result := Foo [ Index ] ; //1 end ; end .
The above code used to compile , because Foo[index ] was interpreted as GetFoo( index ) , which caused the compiler to automatically add the default True parameter at the end .
Now this code will fail .
Reason : Delphi compatibility , and the fact that you cannot use default parameters with setters ( since there the set value appears as the last parameter ) made this ( unintential ) feature behave asymmetrically .
: Delphi compatibility , and the fact that you cannot use default parameters with setters ( since there the set value appears as the last parameter ) made this ( unintential ) feature behave asymmetrically .
Remedy : Always specify all parameters when using indexed properties .
Order of field and method / property declarations
Old behaviour : Field declarations could appear anywhere inside an object or class definition .
: Field declarations could appear anywhere inside an object or class definition .
New behaviour :
Per individual visibility block declaration ( public , private , ... ) , all fields must be declared before the property and method declarations .
: Per individual visibility block declaration ( , , ... ) , all fields must be declared before the property and method declarations .
Example :
{ $mode objfpc} type tc = class constructor create ; a : longint ; end ; constructor tc .
create ; begin end ; begin end .
The above code used to compile , but now it will cause an error due to the a field appearing after the constructor .
Reason :
{ $mode objfpc} type tc = class function getx ( i : longint ) : longint ; property prop [ i : longint ] : longint read getx ; default : longint ; end ; function tc .
getx ( i : longint ) : longint ; begin end ; begin end .
The above code was ambiguous to the compiler , because when it finished parsing the property , it could not decide based on seeing the default token whether this meant that the property was a default property , or whether a field coming after the property was called " default " .
It did find this out after it had parsed the default token ( because the next token was a " : " rather than a " ; " ) , but by then it was too late .
In general , the problem is that several valid field names can also appear as modifiers for methods or properties .
So in order to prevent any ambiguities , fields are no longer allowed to appear right after method / property declarations .
This is Turbo Pascal and Delphi-compatible .
Remedy :
There are two possible remedies :
Move the field declarations before the method / property declarations Start a new visibility block before the field declaration :
: There are two possible remedies :
{ $mode objfpc} type tc = class function getx ( i : longint ) : longint ; property prop [ i : longint ] : longint read getx ; public // added default : longint ; end ;
Local type definitions in parameter lists
Old behaviour : Parameter lists and function result types could contain local type definitions .
: Parameter lists and function result types could contain local type definitions .
New behaviour : Local type definitions are no longer allowed inside parameter lists and function results .
: Local type definitions are no longer allowed inside parameter lists and function results .
Example :
procedure write ( var f : file of extended ; e : extended ) ; begin system .
write ( f , e ) ; end ; procedure writestring ( const s : string [ 80 ] ) ; begin writeln ( s ) ; end ; function mystr : string [ 50 ] ; begin mystr := ' abc ' ; end ;
All of the above subroutine definitions will now be rejected , because they all define new types inside their parameter lists or result type .
Reason :
In Pascal , two parameters are only of the same type if their type refers to the same type definition .
Allowing local type definitions inside a subroutine declaration therefore by definition causes errors in case the subroutine is declared globally in a unit .
The reason is that the type definition in the interface and in the implementation definitions will differ ( both times a new type is created ) , and hence the compiler will not be able to find the implementation of the interface definition .
This change is also Delphi compatible .
: In Pascal , two parameters are only of the same type if their type refers to the same type definition .
Allowing local type definitions inside a subroutine declaration therefore by definition causes errors in case the subroutine is declared globally in a unit .
The reason is that the type definition in the interface and in the implementation definitions will differ ( both times a new type is created ) , and hence the compiler will not be able to find the implementation of the interface definition .
This change is also Delphi compatible .
Remedy :
Move the type definitions into separate type blocks :
type textendedfile = file of extended ; tstring50 = string [ 50 ] ; tstring80 = string [ 80 ] ; procedure write ( var f : textendedfile ; e : extended ) ; begin system .
write ( f , e ) ; end ; procedure writestring ( const s : tstring80 ) ; begin writeln ( s ) ; end ; function mystr : tstring50 ; begin mystr := ' abc ' ; end ;
Implementation changes
Alignment of record variables
Old behaviour : Variables of record types ( not just their fields , but the records as a whole when declared as independent variables ) would be aligned at most to the maximum alignment of their fields , limited by the maximum field alignment set for the target .
This same limit was used to determine padding of the record size .
: Variables of record types ( not just their fields , but the records as a whole when declared as independent variables ) would be aligned at most to the maximum alignment of their fields , limited by the maximum field alignment set for the target .
This same limit was used to determine padding of the record size .
New behaviour : Variables of record types are now always aligned inside stack frames or as global variables in a way which provides optimal alignment for their embedded fields , regardless of the used packrecords setting .
Moreover , unpacked records are also padded up to a size which is a multiple of this alignment ( to also provide optimal alignment inside arrays of such records ) .
The alignment of record fields inside other records obviously only depends on the packing settings of the " parent " record .
: Variables of record types are now always aligned inside stack frames or as global variables in a way which provides optimal alignment for their embedded fields , regardless of the used packrecords setting .
Moreover , unpacked records are also padded up to a size which is a multiple of this alignment ( to also provide optimal alignment inside arrays of such records ) .
The alignment of record fields inside other records obviously only depends on the packing settings of the " parent " record .
Example :
type tr = packed record d : double ; b : byte ; end ;
tr used to be aligned to 1 byte in stack frames and as global variable .
Now it will be aligned to the native alignment of double ( 4 or 8 bytes depending on the target platform , limited by the maximum global / local alignment settings ) .
Its size will remain 9 bytes as before ( because of the packed specifier ) .
Reason : Performance .
: Performance .
Effect :
The size of some non-packed records may change compared to previous versions .
Other than that , the different alignment rules cannot impact your code unless you are making unsupported assumptions ( like taking the address of a local variable , adding some value to it , and expecting that you are now pointing at the next local variable ) .
: The size of some non-packed records may change compared to previous versions .
Other than that , the different alignment rules cannot impact your code unless you are making unsupported assumptions ( like taking the address of a local variable , adding some value to it , and expecting that you are now pointing at the next local variable ) .
Remedy :
If you depend on the layout and / or size of a record staying the same , always declare it as packed .
Non-packed records are free to be changed by the compiler in any way that it sees fit ( except for changing the types or order of the fields ) .
Byte / Word / Long / Qwordbool types
Old behaviour : Assigning " true " to variables of these types resulted in these variables getting the value " 1 " .
Typecasting ordinal values to Byte / Word / Long / Qwordbool also mapped these values onto [ 0,1 ] if the source and destination type were of different sizes .
: Assigning " true " to variables of these types resulted in these variables getting the value " 1 " .
Typecasting ordinal values to Byte / Word / Long / Qwordbool also mapped these values onto [ 0,1 ] if the source and destination type were of different sizes .
New behaviour :
Assigning true to such variables now sets them to " - 1 " ( i.e. , all 1 bits ) .
Typecasting an ordinal value to such a type now leaves that ordinal value untouched .
: Assigning true to such variables now sets them to " - 1 " ( i.e. , all 1 bits ) .
Typecasting an ordinal value to such a type now leaves that ordinal value untouched .
Example :
var b : byte ; bb : bytebool ; begin bb := true ; writeln ( ord ( bb ) ) ; b := 3 ; writeln ( byte ( wordbool ( b ) ) ) ; end .
This program used to print 1 in both cases , now it prints - 1 for the first statement and 3 for the second .
Reason : Delphi- compatibility , compatibility with WinAPI functions .
See http://bugs.freepascal.org/view.php?id=10233 for more information .
: Delphi-compatibility , compatibility with WinAPI functions .
See http://bugs.freepascal.org/view.php?id=10233 for more information .
Effect :
Code assuming that assigning true to a Byte / Word / Long / Qwordbool variable or parameter results in assigning the ordinal value " 1 " no longer works .
This may affect e.g. translations of C headers where certain int parameters which function basically as boolean parameters were replaced with longbool .
: Code assuming that assigning true to a Byte / Word / Long / Qwordbool variable or parameter results in assigning the ordinal value " 1 " no longer works .
This may affect e.g. translations of C headers where certain int parameters which function basically as boolean parameters were replaced with longbool .
Remedy :
If you depend on the the ordinal value of a particular variable being 1 , either use an expression such as longbool ( 1 ) ( which can also be used in the declaration of a constant ) , or use a regular ordinal type rather than one of the * bool types .
Encoding of single - character constants assigned to widestring
Old behaviour :
If a source file 's encoding was not utf - 8 and a single character constant was assigned directly to a widestring , then this character would not be converted from the source code 's code page .
It would therefore result in a string with ord ( str [ 1 ] ) equal to the ordinal value of that character as it appeared in the source file ( i.e. , in the source file 's code page ) .
: If a source file 's encoding was not utf - 8 and a single character constant was assigned directly to a widestring , then this character would not be converted from the source code 's code page .
It would therefore result in a string with equal to the ordinal value of that character as it appeared in the source file ( i.e. , in the source file 's code page ) .
New behaviour :
Such character constants are now converted at compile time from the source file 's code page into an utf - 16 character before being stored into the widestring .
In case of ansistrings / shortstrings , nothing changes ( i.e. , a character with the original ordinal value as it appears in the source file is directly stored into the ansistring / shortstring , without any compile - time conversion )
: Such character constants are now converted at compile time from the source file 's code page into an utf - 16 character before being stored into the widestring .
In case of ansistrings / shortstrings , nothing changes ( i.e. , a character with the original ordinal value as it appears in the source file is directly stored into the ansistring / shortstring , without any compile - time conversion ) Example :
{ $codepage cp866} { $ifdef unix} uses cwstring ; {$endif} var w : widestring ; a : ansistring ; begin w := ' Б ' ; s := ' Б ' ; end .
( it is assumed that the above source file is saved using code page 866 )
The " Б " character has ordinal value 129 in code page 866 .
Previously , at run time ord ( w [ 1 ] ) and ord ( s [ 1 ] ) would equal 129 .
Now , at run time w [ 1 ] will equal widechar ( ' Б ' ) , and s [ 1 ] will ( still ) equal # 129 .
Reason :
The previous behaviour was buggy , as multi-character constants were correctly converted from the source file 's code page .
: The previous behaviour was buggy , as multi-character constants were correctly converted from the source file 's code page .
Remedy :
If you want to store a particular ordinal value directly into a widestring without the compiler converting anything regardless of the source file 's code page , use #xyza notation ( i.e. , use 4 digits to define the number , e.g. # 0129 in the above example ) .
Sets in RTTI ( run - time type information )
Old behaviour : The TParamFlags and TIntfFlagsBase sets from the typinfo unit used to be four bytes large .
They were also always stored in the little endian set format .
: The and sets from the unit used to be four bytes large .
They were also always stored in the little endian set format .
New behaviour :
These sets are now one byte large and always stored according to the endianess of the target system .
: These sets are now one byte large and always stored according to the endianess of the target system .
Effect :
Code parsing RTTI information may no longer compile if it typecasts these values into integers .
: Code parsing RTTI information may no longer compile if it typecasts these values into integers .
Reason : Delphi -compatibility .
: Delphi-compatibility .
Remedy : Change longint / integer typecasts into byte typecast when treating these fields as ordinals , and do not fiddle with the bits before using the set values on big endian systems .
Unit changes
OpenGL loading
Old behaviour :
After calling any of the Load_GL_version_X_X routines of the glext unit , only the extensions / functions introduced by that particular revision of the OpenGL standard became available .
: After calling any of the routines of the unit , only the extensions / functions introduced by that particular revision of the OpenGL standard became available .
New behaviour :
All of the Load_GL_version_X_X functions now also load the functions related to any extensions by earlier versions .
: All of the functions now also load the functions related to any extensions by earlier versions .
Example :
uses gl , glext ; begin if not Load_GL_version_2_0 then begin writeln ( ' OpenGL 2.0 is not supported ' ) ;
Halt ; end ; end .
The above program used to only initialize the functions from the glext unit added in OpenGL 2.0 .
Now , it will also initialize the functions from OpenGL 1.2-1.5 ( the gl unit already contains everything up to and including OpenGL 1.1 ) .
Reason :
This is more logical , since all of those OpenGL versions are backwards compatible ..
: This is more logical , since all of those OpenGL versions are backwards compatible ..
Remedy : Remove any extra OpenGL extension initialization calls from your code .
Leaving them there will not cause errors , but they are no longer necessary .
dom unit : memory management for nodes
Old behaviour : Destroying a TDOMDocument or TXMLDocument would free only those DOM nodes which were part of the document tree .
Nodes not yet inserted into the tree would leak unless explicitly destroyed .
Once inserted into the tree , a node could not be removed without destroying it .
Node replacement / removal methods ( namely , TDOMNode .
RemoveChild , TDOMNode.ReplaceChild , TDOMElement.SetAttributeNode and TDOMElement.SetAttributeNodeNS ) destroyed their return values and returned nil .
: Destroying a or would free only those DOM nodes which were part of the document tree .
Nodes not yet inserted into the tree would leak unless explicitly destroyed .
Once inserted into the tree , a node could not be removed without destroying it .
Node replacement / removal methods ( namely , , , and TDOMElement. SetAttributeNodeNS ) destroyed their return values and returned .
New behaviour :
Every node created by one of TDOMDocument .
CreateXX methods is " owned " by the document and is guaranteed to be destroyed together with the document .
The behaviour of nodes created by other means is unchanged .
The node replacement / removal functions listed above no longer destroy their return value and therefore return a valid node .
: Every node created by one of methods is " owned " by the document and is guaranteed to be destroyed together with the document .
The behaviour of nodes created by other means is unchanged .
The node replacement / removal functions listed above no longer destroy their return value and therefore return a valid node .
Effect :
The peak memory usage will grow if you replace / remove many nodes during document lifetime .
: The peak memory usage will grow if you replace / remove many nodes during document lifetime .
Reason : Compliance to the DOM specification and compatibility with other DOM implementations , including Delphi .
: Compliance to the DOM specification and compatibility with other DOM implementations , including Delphi .
Remedy :
If you wish to keep memory usage at minimum , manually free the nodes that are returned by the methods listed above .
This is not a requirement , however .
: If you wish to keep memory usage at minimum , manually free the nodes that are returned by the methods listed above .
This is not a requirement , however .
Example :
// code like this MyNode .
ReplaceChild ( NewNode , OldNode ) ; // will now have to become MyNode .
ReplaceChild ( NewNode , OldNode ) .
Free ;
The described change is backwards - compatible , because calling Free for nil objects which were returned by older versions is actually a no -op .
dom unit : memory management for node lists
Old behaviour : Functions that return a TDOMNodeList object ( namely , TDOMNode .
ChildNodes , TDOMDocument.GetElementsByTagName , TDOMDocument.GetElementsByTagNameNS
, TDOMElement.GetElementsByTagName and TDOMElement.GetElementsByTagNameNS
) create a new TDOMNodeList object on each call .
These objects must be eventually disposed of by calling their dedicated Release method .
: Functions that return a TDOMNodeList object ( namely , , , , and ) create a new TDOMNodeList object on each call .
These objects must be eventually disposed of by calling their dedicated method .
New behaviour :
The node lists are now cached .
The functions listed above return the same object when called multiple times .
The returned TDOMNodeList can be destroyed by calling regular Free method , but doing so is optional .
The TDOMNodeList .
Release method has been removed .
: The node lists are now cached .
The functions listed above return the same object when called multiple times .
The returned TDOMNodeList can be destroyed by calling regular method , but doing so is optional .
The method has been removed .
Effect : Code using TDOMNodeList .
Release method will no longer compile .
: Code using method will no longer compile .
Reason : Delphi compatibility , Mantis # 13605 .
The reference counting of TDOMNodeList 's was never actually implemented , the Release method was just equal to Free .
: Delphi compatibility , Mantis # 13605 .
The reference counting of TDOMNodeList 's was never actually implemented , the method was just equal to .
Remedy :
To keep your code backwards - compatible , replace the Release call with Free .
If backwards compatibility is not an issue , Release may be simply removed .
Almost all old 1.0.x socket unit functions have been removed
Old behaviour : Basic socket functions were available in both fp< name > and < name > flavours ( e.g. , both fpbind ( ) and bind ( ) )
: Basic socket functions were available in both fp< name > and < name > flavours ( e.g. , both and ) New behaviour :
All < name >- functions whose functionality was identical to that of the fp< name > variant have been removed .
Some of the bind ( ) variants did offer different functionality and therefore have been kept .
This may result in " ca n't determine which overloaded " errors under certain circumstances .
: All < name >- functions whose functionality was identical to that of the fp< name > variant have been removed .
Some of the variants did offer different functionality and therefore have been kept .
This may result in " " errors under certain circumstances .
Reason : These 1.0.x - era functions have been deprecated since 1.9.x times .
Some errors in documenting this deprecation have lead to removing them only now .
The reason for the deprecation was their behaviour did not exactly match the POSIX socket functions , even though they had the same name .
E.g. , some of these functions ' abilities to signal errors were incomplete and some of the names deviated from the standard names ( e.g. , getsocketoption ( ) vs. getsockopt ( ) ) .
The fp< name > functions match the POSIX standard both in name and behaviour , except for the additional fp - prefix .
: These 1.0.x - era functions have been deprecated since 1.9.x times .
Some errors in documenting this deprecation have lead to removing them only now .
The reason for the deprecation was their behaviour did not exactly match the POSIX socket functions , even though they had the same name .
E.g. , some of these functions ' abilities to signal errors were incomplete and some of the names deviated from the standard names ( e.g. , vs. ) .
The fp< name > functions match the POSIX standard both in name and behaviour , except for the additional - prefix .
Remedy : Use the fp* functions .
Be aware of some differences in the argument types ( pointer types vs. var - parameters ) , which may require an extra @ - operator for certain parameters .
Infozip - based unzip renamed unzip51g
Old behaviour :
The distribution contained two unzip units : paszlib/ src/unzip.pp and unzip / src/unzip.pp .
: The distribution contained two unzip units : and .
New behaviour :
The unzip / src/unzip.pp unit has been renamed to unzip51g.pp .
: The unit has been renamed to .
Reason :
One of the two units had to be renamed to solve the name collision .
The paszlib / version seemed more complete , so was given the base name " unzip.pp " .
The unzip / unit has been renamed to unzip51g because the source file says it is based on the 51g version of InfoZIP .
: One of the two units had to be renamed to solve the name collision .
The version seemed more complete , so was given the base name " unzip.pp " .
The unit has been renamed to because the source file says it is based on the 51g version of InfoZIP .
Remedy :
In case you application depends on InfoZIP - specific functionality , use the unzip51g instead of the unzip unit .
All Unix - based systems
FindFirst / FindNext
Old behaviour :
If the search pattern did not contain any wildcards ( such as ' ? ' or '*' ) , then the search attributes ( faDirectory , faHidden , ... ) were ignored .
: If the search pattern did not contain any wildcards ( such as ' ? ' or '*' ) , then the search attributes ( faDirectory , faHidden , ... ) were ignored .
New behaviour : Regardless of the format of the search pattern , the search attributes are properly taken into account .
: Regardless of the format of the search pattern , the search attributes are properly taken into account .
Effect :
If you called FindFirst with a search pattern not containing any wildcards and no special attributes , such invocation would also return directories , hidden files , etc .
Now only regular files will be returned , unless you specify the appropriate attributes .
: If you called with a search pattern not containing any wildcards and no special attributes , such invocation would also return directories , hidden files , etc .
Now only regular files will be returned , unless you specify the appropriate attributes .
Reason : Conforming with the documented behaviour , and the behaviour on other platforms .
: Conforming with the documented behaviour , and the behaviour on other platforms .
Remedy : Specify the proper attributes if you also want to search for things other than regular files .
Signals / exceptions in libraries
Old behaviour : FPC always hooked the SIGFPE , SIGSEGV , SIGBUS and SIGILL Unix signals in the initialization code of the system unit .
: FPC always hooked the , , and Unix signals in the initialization code of the system unit .
New behaviour :
The aforementioned signals are no longer automatically hooked in the initialization code of libraries ( or rather : unhooked once the system unit 's initialization code has finished ) .
In case of programs , these signals remain hooked as before .
: The aforementioned signals are no longer automatically hooked in the initialization code of libraries ( or rather : unhooked once the system unit 's initialization code has finished ) .
In case of programs , these signals remain hooked as before .
Effect : Catching exceptions resulting from the aforementioned signals will no longer work by default in FPC libraries .
Note that this never worked anyway for libraries that were dynamically linked against a program at compile time , because in that case the program 's initialization code ran after the library 's initialization code , thereby overriding its signal handlers .
Note that the behaviour of Pascal language exceptions is not affected by this change .
: Catching exceptions resulting from the aforementioned signals will no longer work by default in FPC libraries .
Note that this never worked anyway for libraries that were dynamically linked against a program at compile time , because in that case the program 's initialization code ran after the library 's initialization code , thereby overriding its signal handlers .
Note that the behaviour of Pascal language exceptions is not affected by this change .
Example :
See the test programs in the testsuite : the library and the host program
: See the test programs in the testsuite : the library and the host program Reason :
Only one signal handler can be installed per signal .
So if you dynamically loaded an FPC library at run time , then it would immediately install its signal handlers , thereby overriding any handlers the host program might already have installed .
See http://bugs.freepascal.org/view.php?id=12704 for more information .
: Only one signal handler can be installed per signal .
So if you dynamically loaded an FPC library at run time , then it would immediately install its signal handlers , thereby overriding any handlers the host program might already have installed .
See http://bugs.freepascal.org/view.php?id=12704 for more information .
Remedy : You can use SysUtils ' InquireSignal ( ) , HookSignal ( ) , UnhookSignal ( ) and AbandonSignalHandler ( ) routines to selectively hook / unhook particular signals in your library , and to restore previously installed handlers .
See http://bugs.freepascal.org/view.php?id=12704 for more information on these routines .
Mac OS X
Case sensitivity for unit names
Old behaviour :
The compiler treated all file systems on Mac OS X as case - preserving , but case - insensitive .
: The compiler treated all file systems on Mac OS X as case - preserving , but case - insensitive .
New behaviour :
All file systems are now treated as case - sensitive by default .
The result is that the compiler will no longer always find units whose filename does not exactly match the unit name as it appears in the uses clause , even if the unit is located on a case - insensitive file system .
: All file systems are now treated as case - sensitive by default .
The result is that the compiler will no longer always find units whose filename does not exactly match the unit name as it appears in the uses clause , even if the unit is located on a case - insensitive file system .
Reason : Mac OS
X can also be used in conjunction with case - sensitive file systems , and the old behaviour caused problems under certain circumstances .
: Mac OS
X can also be used in conjunction with case - sensitive file systems , and the old behaviour caused problems under certain circumstances .
Remedy :
The distinction between case - preserving / case - sensitive only matters when the compiler 's internal file name cache is used .
This cache is enabled by default , but as of FPC 2.4.0 it can be disabled using the - Fd command line option .
At the Partnership for a Healthier America Summit in Washington , D.C. , First Lady Michelle Obama introduced the brand - new design of the highly anticipated Nutrition Facts label , which will become mandatory on food labels by 2018 .
Here , we 're breaking down what you need to know and why — and what you can do until the new label makes it 's way to your grocery store in 2018 .
1 . You wo n't be able to " miss " the calories .
The new label will showcase calories so that they catch your eye quicker .
They 'll be printed in a larger size , bolded , and pronounced .
2 . Say buh - bye to calories from fat .
The FDA label will remove " calories from fat , " since this has become a near - meaningless term in the field of nutrition .
If you 're interested : Nine calories is equal to one gram of fat — so you can always take the fat grams and multiple them by nine if you 're curious !
3 . Serving sizes will be more realistic .
The FDA has updated the serving sizes to more accurately reflect what people are actually eating .
The term for this is Reference Amount Customarily Consumed , or RACC .
Having a more realistic RACC on food labels means seeing a higher number next to calories per serving — which can stimulate the better educated consumer to eat less , or to choose something different that they may know to be more satisfying .
In the long - term , there may be a benefit to your wallet as well .
Once the calories per serving ( and servings per container ) are more prominent on a food label , many consumers may be swayed to eat less of a processed food if you 're only getting two servings for a higher price .
4 . It will differentiate sugar vs. added sugar .
There 's been tons of hype over the new label addition , " Includes Added Sugar " with an amount in grams and set daily value .
Since many food products will include naturally occurring sugar and added sugar , this one could become increasingly beneficial to consumer .
Expect to see this label on products containing any fruit or dairy , like yogurt or granola bars .
Also noteworthy :
When the new label was first proposed in 2013 , industry insiders were peeved at the idea of including " added sugars " underneath total sugar , since many proucts ( for example , dried cranberries ) include some added sugar in order to remain fresh and retain flavor .
That 's why you 'll notice that the new label going into affect has the word " includes " before added sugar , so that consumers can differentiate what 's naturally occurring vs. what was added for flavor .
5 . There are " new " nutrients to know .
Potassium and vitamin D are the new kids on the nutrition facts label ( along with the minerals calcium and iron , which are n't changing from the original label ) .
For some time now , vitamin D has been in the spotlight due to deficiencies seen in staggering numbers in the U.S. population .
While you may start noticing it in packaged food labels , you wo n't find much of the nutrient in processed foods , largely because it 's found naturally in fortified dairy products , fish , and fish oils , and animal liver .
( Er , yum ! )
Potassium is one to be super - aware of on packaged food labels , largely because potassium acts as the " counterbalance " to the mineral sodium , ubiquitous in processed and packaged goods .
Jaclyn London , MS , RD , CDN , Good Housekeeping Institute Director , Nutrition Lab A registered dietitian with a Bachelor of Arts degree from Northwestern University and a Master of Science degree in Clinical Nutrition from New York University , Jaclyn “ Jackie ” London handles all of Good Housekeeping ’s nutrition - related content , testing , and evaluation .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
A federal appeals court on Wednesday upheld the government 's refusal to admit or deny it has documents related to warrantless eavesdropping on Guantanamo Bay detainees and their lawyers .
In doing so , the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals accepted a little - known defense called the Glomar doctrine .
The doctrine , the court ruled , allows the National Security Agency to refuse to acknowledge to the lawyers suing under the Freedom of Information
Act that there are any documents responsive to allegations their clients had been or are being targeted under the Terrorist Surveillance Program adopted following the 2001 terror attacks .
" Confirming or denying the mere existence of specific records in a general surveillance program would logically be both confirming or denying that the NSA was targeting a specific individual and confirming or denying that the NSA is conducting a general surveillance program , " ( .pdf ) the New York - based appellate court wrote Wednesday .
Typically , under Freedom of Information
Act requests unrelated to national security , the government announces that it has documentation related to a request , and releases or withholds some or all of it for a variety of reasons .
In the national - security Glomar context , the government usually prevails when invoking the doctrine – but not always .
In a case the American Civil Liberties Union brought against the Department of Defense , a federal judge in 2005 ordered the release of documents and photos of abuse at Abu Ghraib prison despite the Glomar doctrine .
The Guantanamo Bay lawyers said the purpose of their Freedom of Information
Act request was to gain information to determine whether they are being monitored in their interactions with their clients .
If so , they would seek to alter the way in which they represent and interact with them .
The Glomar doctrine draws its name from a 1970s case , when The Los Angeles Times sought information on whether the Central Intelligence Agency was attempting to salvage a sunken Soviet nuclear submarine about 360 miles northwest of Honolulu .
It was eventually revealed that the project was code - named " Jennifer " and was undertaken on the Glomar Explorer , a salvage vessel formerly owned by Howard Hughes ' Summa Corp .
The circuit court 's decision Wednesday did not address the legality of the Terror Surveillance Program that President Bush secretly adopted following the 2001 terror attacks .
The New York Times revealed the program 's existence in 2005 , but the government has never acknowledged the complete nature of the warrantless , electronic eavesdropping program .
An unsuccessful lawsuit challenging that program is on appeal to the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco .
Among other things , the case accuses the nation 's telecoms of secretly funneling electronic communications to the NSA without warrants .
See Also :
The Mega - Lie Called the " War on Terror " : A Masterpiece of Propaganda
By Richard W. Behan , AlterNet
Posted on September 27 , 2007 , Printed on September 28 , 2007
http://www.alternet.org/story/63632/
" If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it , people will eventually come to believe it .
The lie can be maintained only for such time as the state can shield the people from the political , economic and / or military consequences of the lie ...
The truth is the mortal enemy of the lie , and thus by extension , the truth is the greatest enemy of the state . "
-- Joseph Goebbels , minister of propaganda in Nazi Germany , 1933 - 1945
Since Sept. 11 , 2001 , the administration of George W. Bush has told and repeated a lie that is " big enough " to confirm Joseph Goebbels ' testimony .
It is a mega - lie , and the American people have come to believe it .
It is the " War on Terror . "
The Bush administration endlessly recites its mantra of deceit :
The War on Terror was launched in response to the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
It is intended to enhance our national security at home and to spread democracy in the Middle East .
This is the struggle of our lifetime ; we are defending our way of life from an enemy intent on destroying our freedoms .
We must fight the enemy in the Middle East , or we will fight him in our cities .
This is classic propaganda .
In Goebbels ' terms , it is the " state " speaking its lie , but the political , economic , and military consequences of the Bush administration lie are coming into view , and they are all catastrophic .
If truth is the enemy of both the lie and George Bush 's " state , " then the American people need to know the truth .
The military incursions into Afghanistan and Iraq were not done in retaliation for 9/11 .
The Bush administration had them clearly in mind upon taking office , and they were set in motion as early as Feb.
3 , 2001 .
That was seven months prior to the attacks on the Trade Towers and the Pentagon , and the objectives of the wars had nothing to do with terrorism .
This is beyond dispute .
The mainstream press has ignored the story , but the administration 's congenital belligerence is fully documented in book - length treatments and in the limitless information pool of the internet .
( See my earlier work , for example . )
Invading a sovereign nation unprovoked , however , directly violates the charter of the United Nations .
It is an international crime .
Before the Bush administration could attack either Afghanistan or Iraq , it would need a politically and diplomatically credible reason for doing so .
The terrorist violence of Sept. 11 , 2001 , provided a spectacular opportunity .
In the cacophony of outrage and confusion , the administration could conceal its intentions , disguise the true nature of its premeditated wars , and launch them .
The opportunity was exploited in a heartbeat .
Within hours of the attacks , President Bush declared the United States " … would take the fight directly to the terrorists , " and " … he announced to the world the United States would make no distinction between the terrorists and the states that harbor them . "
Thus the " War on Terror " was born .
The fraudulence of the " War on Terror , " however , is clearly revealed in the pattern of subsequent facts :
In Afghanistan the state was overthrown instead of apprehending the terrorist .
Offers by the Taliban to surrender Osama bin Laden were ignored , and he remains at large to this day .
In Iraq , when the United States invaded , there were no al Qaeda terrorists at all .
Both states have been supplied with puppet governments , and both are dotted with permanent U.S. military bases in strategic proximity to their hydrocarbon assets .
The U.S. embassy nearing completion in Baghdad is comprised of 21 multistory buildings on 104 acres of land .
It will house 5,500 diplomats , staff and families .
It is ten times larger than any other U.S. embassy in the world , but we have yet to be told why .
A 2006 National Intelligence Estimate shows the war in Iraq has exacerbated , not diminished , the threat of terrorism since 9/11 .
If the " War on Terror " is not a deception , it is a disastrously counterproductive failure .
Today two American and two British oil companies are poised to claim immense profits from 81 percent of Iraq 's undeveloped crude oil reserves .
They cannot proceed , however , until the Iraqi Parliament enacts a statute known as the " hydrocarbon framework law . "
The features of postwar oil policy so heavily favoring the oil companies were crafted by the Bush administration State Department in 2002 , a year before the invasion .
Drafting of the law itself was begun during Paul Bremer 's Coalition Provisional Authority , with the invited participation of a number of major oil companies .
The law was written in English and translated into Arabic only when it was due for Iraqi approval .
President Bush made passage of the hydrocarbon law a mandatory " benchmark " when he announced the troop surge in January of 2007 .
When it took office , the Bush administration brushed aside warnings about al Qaeda and Osama bin Laden .
Their anxiety to attack both Afghanistan and Iraq was based on other factors .
Iraq
The Iraqi war was conceived in 1992 , during the first Bush administration , in a 46 - page document entitled Draft Defense Planning Guidance .
The document advocated the concept of preemptive war to assure the military and diplomatic dominance of the world by the United States .
It asserted the need for " … access to vital raw materials , primarily Persian Gulf oil . "
It warned of " … proliferation of weapons of mass destruction . "
And it spoke of " … threats to U.S. citizens from terrorism . "
It was the template for today 's war in Iraq .
The Draft Defense Planning Guidance was signed by the secretary of defense , Richard Cheney .
It was prepared by three top staffers : Paul Wolfowitz , Lewis " Scooter " Libby and Zalmay Khalilzad - all of whom would fill high - level positions in the administration of George W. Bush , nine years in the future .
In proposing global dominance and preemptive war , it was a radical departure from the traditional U.S. policy of multilateral realism , and it was an early statement of the emerging ideology of " neoconservatism . "
The document was too extreme .
President George H.W. Bush publicly denounced it and immediately retracted it .
Many in his administration referred to its authors as " the crazies . "
But the ideology survived .
Five years later William Kristol and Robert Kagan created a neoconservative organization to advocate preemptive war and U.S. global dominion to achieve , in their words , a " benevolent global hegemony . "
It was called the Project for the New American Century , quickly abbreviated as PNAC .
Among the founding members were Richard Cheney , Paul Wolfowitz , Lewis " Scooter " Libby , Zalmay Khalilzad , Donald Rumsfeld and Jeb Bush .
In a letter to President Clinton on Jan. 26 , 1998 , the Project for the New American Century once more urged the military overthrow of the Saddam Hussein regime .
President Clinton ignored the letter , apparently viewing this iteration of the proposal as no less crazy than the original .
As the presidential campaign of 2000 drew to a close , the PNAC produced yet another proposal for U.S. world dominion , preemptive war and the invasion of Iraq .
It was a document called " Rebuilding America 's Defenses : Strategy , Forces , and Resources For a New Century " ( PDF ) .
Weeks later , in January of 2001 , 29 members of the Project for the New American Century joined the administration of George W. Bush .
Their ideology of world dominion and preemptive war would dominate the Bush administration 's foreign and defense policies .
Within 10 days of his inauguration , President Bush convened his National Security Council .
The PNAC people triumphed when the invasion of Iraq was placed at the top of the agenda for Mideast foreign policy .
Reconciling the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , long the top priority , was dropped from consideration .
The neoconservative dream of invading Iraq was a tragic anachronism , an ideological fantasy of retrograde imperialism .
A related and far more pragmatic reason for the invasion , however , would surface soon .
No administration in memory had been more closely aligned with the oil industry .
President Bush and Vice President Cheney were intimately tied to it , and so was National Security Advisor Condoleeza Rice .
So were eight cabinet secretaries and 32 other high - level appointees .
By early February , Vice President Cheney 's " Energy Task Force " was at work .
Federal agency people were joined by executives and lobbyists from the Enron , Exxon - Mobil , Conoco - Phillips , Shell and BP America corporations .
Soon the task force was poring over detailed maps of the Iraqi oil fields , pipelines , tanker terminals , refineries and the undeveloped oil exploration blocks .
It studied two pages of " foreign suitors for Iraqi oil field contracts " -- foreign companies negotiating with Saddam Hussein 's regime , none of which was a major American or British oil company .
The intent to invade Iraq and the keen interest in Iraqi oil would soon converge in a top secret memo of Feb.
3 , 2001 , from a " high level National Security Council official . "
The memo : " … directed the NSC staff to cooperate fully with the Energy Task Force as it considered the ' melding ' of two seemingly unrelated areas of policy : ' the review of operational policies toward rogue states ' such as Iraq and 'actions regarding the capture of new and existing oil and gas fields . ' "
As early as Feb. 3 , 2001 , the Bush administration was committed to invading Iraq , with the oil fields clearly in mind .
The terrorist attacks on Washington and New York were still seven months in the future .
Afghanistan
The issue in Afghanistan was the strategically valuable location for a pipeline to connect the immense oil and gas resources of the Caspian Basin to the richest markets .
Whoever built the pipeline would control the Basin , and in the 1990s the contest to build it was spirited .
American interests in the region were promoted by an organization called the Foreign Oil Companies Group .
Among its most active members were Henry Kissinger , a former secretary of state but now an advisor to the Unocal Corp. ; Alexander Haig , another former secretary of state but now a lobbyist for Turkmenistan ; and Richard Cheney , a former secretary of defense , but now the CEO of the Halliburton Corp .
Late in 1996 , however , the Bridas Corp. of Argentina finally signed contracts with the Taliban and with Gen. Dostum of the Northern Alliance to build the pipeline .
One American company in particular , Unocal , found that intolerable and fought back vigorously , hiring a number of consultants in addition to Kissinger : Hamid Karzai , Richard Armitage , and Zalmay Khalilzad .
( Armitage and Khalilzad would join the George W. Bush administration in 2001 . )
Unocal wooed Taliban officials at its headquarters in Texas and in Washington , D.C. , seeking to have the Bridas contract voided , but the Taliban refused .
Finally , in February of 1998 , John J. Maresca , a Unocal vice president , asked in a congressional hearing to have the Taliban replaced by a more stable regime .
The Clinton administration , having recently refused the PNAC request to invade Iraq , was not any more interested in a military overthrow of the Taliban .
President Clinton did , however , shoot a few cruise missiles into Afghanistan , after the al Qaeda attacks on the U.S. embassies in Africa .
And he issued an executive order forbidding further trade transactions with the Taliban .
Maresca was thus twice disappointed :
The Taliban would not be replaced very soon , and Unocal would have to cease its pleadings with the regime .
Unocal 's prospects rocketed when George W. Bush entered the White House , and the Project for the New American Century ideology of global dominance took hold .
The Bush administration itself took up active negotiations with the Taliban in January of 2001 , seeking secure access to the Caspian Basin for American companies .
The Enron Corp. also was eyeing a pipeline to feed its proposed power plant in India . )
The administration offered a package of foreign aid as an inducement , and the parties met in Washington , Berlin and Islamabad .
The Bridas contract might still be voided .
But the Taliban would not yield .
Anticipating this in the spring of 2001 , the State Department had sought and gained the concurrence of India and Pakistan to take military action if necessary .
The PNAC people were not timid about using force .
At the final meeting with the Taliban , on Aug. 2 , 2001 , State Department negotiator Christine Rocca , clarified the options : " Either you accept our offer of a carpet of gold , or we bury you under a carpet of bombs . "
With the futility of negotiations apparent , " President Bush promptly informed Pakistan and India the U.S. would launch a military mission into Afghanistan before the end of October . "
This was five weeks before the events of 9/11 .
Sept. 11 , 2001
A tectonic groundswell of skepticism , doubt and suspicion has emerged about the Bush administration 's official explanation of 9/11 .
Some claim the administration orchestrated the attacks .
Others see complicity .
Still others find criminal negligence .
The cases they make are neither extreme nor trivial .
Whatever the truth about 9/11 , the Bush administration now had a fortuitous , spectacular opportunity to proceed with its premeditated attacks .
The administration would have to play its hand skillfully , however .
Other nations have suffered criminal acts of terrorism , but there is no precedent for conflating the terrorists with the states that harbor them , declaring a " war " and seeking with military force to overthrow a sovereign government .
Victimized nations have always relied successfully on international law enforcement and police action to bring terrorists to justice .
But the Bush administration needed more than this .
War plans were in the files .
They needed to justify invasions .
Only by targeting the " harboring states , " as well as the terrorists , did they stand a chance of doing so .
The administration played its hand brilliantly .
It compared the terrorist attacks immediately to Pearl Harbor , and in the smoke and rage of 9/11 the comparison was superficially attractive .
But Pearl Harbor was the violent expression of hostile intent by a formidably armed nation , and it introduced four years of full - scale land , sea and airborne combat .
9/11 was al Qaeda 's violent expression of hostility : 19 fanatics armed with box cutters .
Yes , extraordinary destruction and loss of life , but the physical security of our entire nation was simply not at stake .
Though the comparison was specious , the " War on Terror " was born , and it has proven to be an exquisite smokescreen .
But labeling the preplanned invasions as a " War on Terror " was the mega - lie , dwarfing all the untruths that followed .
The mega - lie would be the centerpiece of a masterful propaganda blitz that continues to this day .
The wars
On Oct. 7 , 2001 , the carpet of bombs is unleashed over Afghanistan .
Soon , with the Taliban overthrown , the Bush administration installed Hamid Karzai as head of an interim government .
Karzai had been a Unocal consultant .
The first ambassador to Karzai 's government was John J. Maresca , a vice president of Unocal .
The next ambassador to Afghanistan was Zalmay Khalilzad , another Unocal consultant .
Four months after the carpet of bombs , President Karzai and President Musharraf of Pakistan signed an agreement for a new pipeline .
The Bridas contract was moot .
The way was open for Unocal .
In February of 2003 an oil industry trade journal reported the Bush administration was ready to finance the pipeline across Afghanistan and to protect it with a permanent military presence .
Osama bin Laden remained at large .
The mega -lie , the fabricated " War on Terror " was an easy sell in the Afghanistan adventure .
The shock of 9/11 was immense , Osama bin Laden was operating from Afghanistan and the " state , " the Taliban , was at least sympathetic to his organization .
And the signature secrecy of the Bush Administration had kept from public view its eight months of negotiating with the Taliban .
The first premeditated war was largely unopposed .
Selling the Iraq invasion to the American people and to the Congress would be far more difficult .
With the Trade Towers and the Pentagon still smoldering , President Bush and Defense Secretary Rumsfeld ordered their staffs to find Saddam Hussein 's complicity in the attacks .
Of course they could not , so there would need to be a sustained and persuasive selling job -- a professionally orchestrated campaign of propaganda .
Soon after 9/11 , fear - mongering propagandizing became the modus operandi of the Bush Administration .
It began in earnest with the president 's " axis of evil " State of the Union address in 2002 , full of terrorism and fear .
" The United States of America , " the president said , " will not permit the world 's most dangerous regimes to threaten us with the world 's most destructive weapons . "
No regime anywhere was in fact threatening anyone with anything , but Bush appointed a 10 - person " White House Iraq Group " in August of 2002 .
Chaired by Karl Rove , its members were trusted partisans and communications experts skilled in perception management .
Their role was explicitly to market the need to invade Iraq .
The group operated in strict secrecy , sifting intelligence , writing position papers and speeches , creating " talking points , " planning strategy and timing , and feeding information to the media .
This was the nerve center , where the campaign of propaganda was orchestrated and promulgated .
The group chose to trumpet nearly exclusively the most frightening threat - nuclear weapons .
Rice soon introduced the litany of the smoking gun and the mushroom cloud , Cheney said hundreds of thousands of Americans might die , and Bush claimed Saddam was " six months away from developing a weapon . "
In the 2003 State of the Union address , President Bush uttered the infamous " sixteen words " : " The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa . "
This was typical of White House Iraq Group work :
The CIA knew and had said the information was bogus .
The propaganda campaign was ultimately successful , not least because of the axiomatic trust American people extend to their presidents :
Nobody could have anticipated the range , intensity and magnitude of the expertly crafted deception .
And the campaign was aided by a compliant mainstream press that swallowed and regurgitated the talking points .
The Congress was persuaded sufficiently to authorize the use of military force .
The American people were persuaded sufficiently to accept the war and to send Mr. Bush to the White House for a second term .
But no other war in the country 's history had to be so consciously and comprehensively sold .
Much of the deception , distortion and lies was eventually exposed .
The link between Saddam Hussein and al Qaeda , the weapons of mass destruction , the aluminum tubes , the mobile laboratories , the yellowcake from Niger : none of it true .
Only the mega - lie , the " War on Terror , " survives .
On Feb. 5 , 2003 , Secretary of State Colin Powell addressed the Security Council , waving the vial of simulated anthrax and claiming " there is no doubt in my mind " Saddam Hussein was working to produce nuclear weapons .
But the Security Council , not so easily propagandized , refused to authorize American force .
On March 14 , 2003 , President Bush met in the Azores with Prime Ministers Blair of the United Kingdom and Aznar of Spain .
They abandoned the effort for U.N. authorization , claimed the right to proceed without it and a week later launched the war .
Four years of violence .
Nearly 4,000 young Americans dead .
Seven times that many maimed .
Hundreds of thousands of Iraqis dead .
Millions fleeing as refugees , their economy and infrastructure in ruins .
A raging civil war .
Half a trillion dollars and counting .
Stopping the madness
And for what ?
Neither face of the war has come remotely close to success .
The " War on Terrorism " has not suppressed terrorism but has encouraged it instead .
The premeditated war -- for ideological dreams of world dominion and the pragmatic capture of hydrocarbon assets -- is a colossus of failure .
The Afghan pipeline is a dead issue .
As the warlords and the poppy growers in Afghanistan thrive , and as the Taliban regroups and regains dominance , the country tilts ominously into chaos once more .
The Iraqi hydrocarbon law -- the clever disguise for capturing the oil fields -- is fatally wounded , its true purpose becoming more widely known .
Organized resistance is growing quickly , both in Iraq and in the United States .
And the factions who need to agree on the law are otherwise engaged in killing each other .
The Iraqi war has not resulted , either , in the global dominance sought by the Project for the New American Century people , but in global repugnance for what their pathetic ideology has wrought .
Clearly the involvement of the U.S. military in the Mideast must cease .
Pouring more lives and dollars into the quagmire may keep alive the warped dreams of the Bush administration , but those dreams are illegitimate , indeed criminal .
President Bush and Vice President Cheney reject any alteration in their course .
They ask instead for more time , more money and even -- in threatening Iran -- for more targets .
There is no apparent way to the stop madness , to end the hemorrhaging of blood and treasure , but to impeach these men and , if found guilty , to remove them from office .
The integrity of the Constitution and the rule of law are at stake as well , but the Congress continues its indifference to impeachment , effectively condoning the administration 's behavior .
Should this continue , thinking Americans will discard the last crumbs of respect for the incumbent legislature -- polling shows there 's not much left -- and punish its members , Republican and Democrat alike , in next year 's election .
Impeachment will expose the fraudulence of the " War on Terror " and liberate us from the pall of fear the Bush administration has deliberately cast upon the country .
Both political parties will be free to speak the truth : Terrorism is real and a cause for concern , but it is not a reason for abject fear .
We need only compare the hazard of al Qaeda to the threat posed by the Soviet Union at the height of the Cold War .
On the one hand is a wretched group of sad fanatics -- perhaps 50,000 in all -- clever enough to commandeer airliners with box cutters .
On the other was a nation of 140 million people , a powerful economy , a standing army of hundreds of divisions , a formidable navy and air force and thousands of nuclear tipped intercontinental missiles pre-aimed at American targets .
We were a vigilant but poised and confident people then , not a nation commanded to cower in fear .
We can and must regain that strength and self - assurance .
Ending the nightmare will take far less courage than the Bush people exhibited in beginning it .
Taking a nation to war on distortion , deception and lies is enormously risky in many respects : in lives and in treasure , certainly , but also in a nation 's prestige abroad and in the trust and support of its people .
The Bush administration risked all this and more , and it has lost .
We risk far less by embracing the truth and acting on it .
Our nation cherishes honesty : the fraudulence must end .
But Bush and Cheney have shown themselves incapable of honesty , and we also cherish justice .
They must be impeached .
Richard W. Behan 's last book was Plundered Promise : Capitalism , Politics , and the Fate of the Federal Lands ( Island Press , 2001 ) .
He is currently working on a more broadly rendered critique , To Provide Against Invasions : Corporate Dominion and America 's Derelict Democracy .
He can be reached by email at rwbehan@rockisland.com .
© 2007 Independent Media Institute .
All rights reserved .
View this story online at : http://www.alternet.org/story/63632/
We 've watched with interest as enterprising coders have found ways to make Google Voice even smarter by including location with the service .
Basically , it knows where you are and knows not to ring , say , your home phone ( yeah , some people still have those ) if you 're not actually near your house .
But one of the more recent examples has involved a bit of work ( plus personal server space ) , and that 's a hassle .
But Google Voice Locations promises to do all that in one easy - to - use app .
Load it up , tell it where you are , and tell it which phones to ring when you 're in a given location -- and which phones not to ring when you 're not there .
Once you connect it to your Google Voice account , it runs in the background as a service , using the cell towers to determine your location .
( GPS is promised in a future update ) .
Go ahead and give it a shot , and let us know what you think .
More screen shots after the break .
If you live anywhere on the East Coast , watch for the last ever nighttime shuttle launch .
[ Update : Launch has been delayed till tomorrow ]
Advertisement
Or you could wake up early , that works too .
Either way , at 4:39 A.M. early tomorrow morning NASA will launch the Endeavor space shuttle , and it will be the last time it does so at night .
On its way up to the International Space Station , the shuttle will fly parallel to America 's eastern seaboard and the shuttle 's rockets will thus be visible to a surprisingly huge area , weather permitting .
Here 's a map of where the rocket will be in the first ten minutes after launch and what areas of the country will be able to see it :
Advertisement
I told you it was a surprisingly huge area !
To find out more about what you 're looking for and where exactly you should be looking for it , check out Space.com 's comprehensive rundown of the late night launch .
[ Space.com ]
Most of Gizmodo is comprised of whippersnappers who can only just remember the Bigtrak from the ' 80s , so we asked an actual , genuine , grey - haired old man* to tell us his thoughts upon hearing it's to make a comeback this year .
Back in 1980 , Bigtrak 's chunky all - terrain monster truck looked like the most exciting toy on six wheels , especially with its futuristic programmable navigation system , but it was a fad that passed faster than a Sinclair C5 .
Forget remote control , you had to laboriously punch in the direction and distance you wanted it to go before it would do anything .
Few kids really got their heads around how to program it and fewer still could actually afford one on 1980s - level pocket money .
Our school bought a Bigtrak and Trailer — its only accessory — as a teaching aid and the novelty soon wore off .
As my dad was headmaster of the school , it 's now sitting in my parent 's attic , gathering dust and eBay value .
30 years on , it seems I 've got the last laugh against my schoolyard enemies .
With the seriously scaled - down reissue about to go on sale , interest in the hulking originals will be sky high , but I 'd love to get one of the new smaller models when they go on sale .
Researchers from the Helmholtz - Zentrum Berlin für Materialien und Energie ( HZB ) , in cooperation with colleagues from Oxford and Bristol Universities , as well as the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory , UK , have for the first time observed a nanoscale symmetry hidden in solid state matter .
They have measured the signatures of a symmetry showing the same attributes as the golden ratio famous from art and architecture .
The research team is publishing these findings in the Jan. 8 , 2010 issue of the journal Science .
On the atomic scale particles do not behave as we know it in the macro-atomic world .
New properties emerge which are the result of an effect known as the Heisenberg 's Uncertainty Principle .
In order to study these nanoscale quantum effects the researchers have focused on the magnetic material cobalt niobate .
It consists of linked magnetic atoms , which form chains just like a very thin bar magnet , but only one atom wide and are a useful model for describing ferromagnetism on the nanoscale in solid state matter .
When applying a magnetic field at right angles to an aligned spin the magnetic chain will transform into a new state called quantum critical , which can be thought of as a quantum version of a fractal pattern .
Prof. Alan Tennant , the leader of the Berlin group , explains " The system reaches a quantum uncertain -- or a Schrödinger cat state .
This is what we did in our experiments with cobalt niobate .
We have tuned the system exactly in order to turn it quantum critical . "
By tuning the system and artificially introducing more quantum uncertainty the researchers observed that the chain of atoms acts like a nanoscale guitar string .
Dr. Radu Coldea from Oxford University , who is the principal author of the paper and drove the international project from its inception a decade ago until the present , explains : " Here the tension comes from the interaction between spins causing them to magnetically resonate .
For these interactions we found a series ( scale ) of resonant notes :
The first two notes show a perfect relationship with each other .
Their frequencies ( pitch ) are in the ratio of 1.618 … , which is the golden ratio famous from art and architecture . "
Radu Coldea is convinced that this is no coincidence .
" It reflects a beautiful property of the quantum system -- a hidden symmetry .
Actually quite a special one called E8 by mathematicians , and this is its first observation in a material , " he explains .
The observed resonant states in cobalt niobate are a dramatic laboratory illustration of the way in which mathematical theories developed for particle physics may find application in nanoscale science and ultimately in future technology .
Prof .
Tennant remarks on the perfect harmony found in quantum uncertainty instead of disorder .
" Such discoveries are leading physicists to speculate that the quantum , atomic scale world may have its own underlying order .
Similar surprises may await researchers in other materials in the quantum critical state . "
The researchers achieved these results by using a special probe -- neutron scattering .
It allows physicists to see the actual atomic scale vibrations of a system .
Dr. Elisa Wheeler , who has worked at both Oxford University and Berlin on the project , explains " using neutron scattering gives us unrivalled insight into how different the quantum world can be from the every day . "
However , " the conflicting difficulties of a highly complex neutron experiment integrated with low temperature equipment and precision high field apparatus make this a very challenging undertaking indeed . "
In order to achieve success " in such challenging experiments under extreme conditions " the HZB in Berlin has brought together world leaders in this field .
By combining the special expertise in Berlin whilst taking advantage of the pulsed neutrons at ISIS , near Oxford , permitted a perfect combination of measurements to be made .
Vial Arches
<< prev | next >>
1993 WTC Bombing Cell Members : Acrylic , and Used Motor Oil in Glass Vials , on Panels ( year : 2009 , size 40x20x3 inches )
The Milky Way Galaxy , to take a census view , is a populous place with a very low birthrate — it is home to hundreds of billions of stars , but only a handful of new ones appear each year .
Neighboring galaxies show similar traits ; accordingly , they must have once formed stars at a much more rapid clip .
Across the universe , astronomers can see galaxies earlier in cosmic history , and unsurprisingly the birthrate then was much higher .
A new study shows that galaxies present just a few billion years after the big bang had much more star - forming material , in the form of molecular gas , to draw on .
The finding , published in the February 11 issue of Nature , confirms the commonly held supposition that the vigorous star formation in the young universe largely stems from an early bounty of raw materials , rather than a more efficient process of star production .
( Scientific American is part of Nature Publishing Group . )
Linda Tacconi , an astrophysicist at the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics in Garching , Germany , and her colleagues used an array of telescopes on a remote plateau in the French Alps to look for the spectroscopic evidence of carbon monoxide , a key tracer gas , in galaxies that existed roughly three billion to 5.5 billion years after the big bang .
( The universe is thought to be about 13.7 billion years of age . )
In those distant galaxies , the fraction of the total galactic mass ( excluding contributions from dark matter ) contributed by molecular gas was several times higher than it is in the local , present - day universe .
What is more , the most ancient galaxies appeared to have the highest concentrations of molecular gas .
Tacconi says that the new work confirms what many cosmologists and astronomers believed but had not proved .
" I think there will be a lot of people that will be very happy with this result , " she says .
" The inference [ from robust star formation ] is that there must be a lot of material , but there 's been sort of step there that 's missing — the evidence of that material is what we 've now been able to show . "
Astronomers had been able to spot the signature of specific molecules in the early universe before , but those observations were mostly confined to extremely bright objects such as quasars .
" We 've been able to go back even further in time with the most luminous objects before , " Tacconi says .
" Now we 're able to go down into what you might call more normal star - forming galaxies . "
She attributes the advancement in part to the development of new , high - tech radio receivers at the Plateau de Bure Observatory , operated by the Institute of Millimeter Radioastronomy in Grenoble , France .
Neal Evans , an astronomy professor at the University of Texas at Austin , credits the researchers for broadening the observational window from the somewhat anomalous luminous events to include run-of - the - mill galaxies in the fairly young universe .
" They 're not the extreme things , but we still see the same pattern of having a lot of molecular gas , " Evans says , calling the research by Tacconi and her colleagues " an observational tour de force . "
" We knew that overall a lot of star formation went on at these redshifts , " Evans says , referring to a measure of cosmological distance and time .
" But we did n't know if it was all happening in a few extreme events — colliding galaxies and so on . "
The Atacama Large Millimeter / Submillimeter Array ( ALMA ) , a massive observatory now under construction five kilometers above sea level in Chile , should further illuminate the workings of distant galaxies when it opens for scientific use in 2011 .
" This is kind of a taste of what we 're going to get with the ALMA array , " Evans says .
Tacconi concurs , noting that ALMA will give astronomers more precise readings of the galaxies ' contents at epochs spanning the last 10 billion years or so , and may even allow the structures of those galaxies to be teased out .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
The campaign to get Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner in front of a congressional panel to discuss his relationship with American International Group Inc. in 2008 may have an unlikely supporter : Geithner .
By the looks of it last week , Rep. Darrell Issa ( R - Calif . ) struck what could have been the most damaging blow to the Treasury Secretary 's career since he took office last year .
See Bloomberg report on Geithner and AIG .
Issa , who has been critical of Geithner , released emails showing that officials at the regional Fed bank told AIG not to disclose key details of their agreements to make big payouts to banks in late 2008 .
AIG AIG , +0.87 % later had to amend its regulatory filings to provide the disclosure .
See report on New York Fed and AIG .
Rep. Darrell Issa
Issa fueled the fire by suggesting Geithner -- or his team -- tried to cover up the payments .
" Geithner 's team was concerned about the controversy that full disclosure of the payments would create , " Issa wrote in the Huffington Post .
" So the New York Fed instructed AIG to delete references to the counterparty payment rate from its SEC filing , thus obscuring the full measure of the bailout bonanza made possible by U.S. taxpayers . "
See Issa commentary on Huffington Post .
The accusation against Geithner not only set off alarms in Congress but in the media .
Read commentary on Geithner 's role .
News Hub : 4Q Earnings Kicks Off
That led to Treasury officials and Thomas Baxter Jr. , the general counsel of the New York Fed , to come to the Treasury Secretary 's defense .
Geithner " played no role in , and had no knowledge of , the disclosure deliberations and communications referenced in those emails , " Baxter wrote , throwing the AIG grenade back to Rep .
Issa who only was able to say Baxter " raises more questions . "
Here 's one :
Does the congressman have the goods or not ?
-- David Weidner
Weezer type Music genre Rock
Weezer webmaster Karl Koch has posted photographs on the band ’s website of the aftermath of yesterday ’s bus crash , which left frontman Rivers Cuomo with three cracked ribs and what Koch describes as “ minor but very painful internal damage . ”
Meanwhile , he offers more details about what actually occurred early on Sunday morning in a detailed and — when you consider how matters could easily have been so much worse — fairly chilling blog entry .
“ The bus contained Rivers , his wife and daughter , their nanny , and Rivers ’ assistant Sarah , ” writes Koch .
“ Both Sarah and Rivers ’ wife were pitched out of their upper level bunks onto the floor 5 feet below .
Somehow Rivers ’ wife was uninjured , but Sarah sustained 2 fractured ribs and a fractured lower vertebrae .
The baby daughter was in her crib unit and was fine , as was the nanny who was sleeping near the floor in her bunk at the time .
However in the back lounge , Rivers was tossed around violently , waking up as he landed back on his mattress . ”
Koch goes on to relate how EMTs rescued Cuomo from the bus by using the jaws of life to remove a rear window bar .
Koch , who arrived on the scene 20 minutes after the bus carrying Rivers and his family lost control as the result of black ice , describes “ catching a glimpse of Rivers lying inside on his back surrounded by EMTs .
I could n’t believe what was happening in front of me . ”
Koch also confirms that Weezer ’s remaining December dates have been canceled and thanks fans for “ their kind thoughts and good wishes , we need them ! ”
( Follow the Music Mix on Twitter : @EWMusicMix . )
Did Eminem call Adam Lambert a homophobic slur ?
Photo credit : Weezer.com
The Green screen effect – in Photography , a photographer ’s impression the same as human perceptions leave feelings of kinds of experiences on the mind or convey .
The art of image making has made advancements that you customize and can manipulate the picture in accordance with desire or the convenience .
Green screen photography is a method of substituting the subject ’s desktop picture by any image .
This result is done in this way that two images are combined together so that one picture is made transparent and shows the image .
You can present your topic climbing the hills or flying high in the skies .
The subject can be even shown by A photographer for a dwarf .
Someone can present a picture of a giant and one of six inches ’ people .
When they must broadcast weather news television studios can make a movie or an image .
By using this sort of picture making the weatherman forecasts weather of the day of regions .
It ’s for comprehension of a target market in addition to a demonstration .
There are computer applications or tools .
These tools work with no online connection .
The tools that offline provide a range of different types of features to an individual .
Someone create all kinds of effects but also ca n’t just replace the background image .
Some computer programs permit you to apply sound effects and transitions so as to make videos appealing in addition to attractive .
Computer programs give with which you can customize pictures or films , background picture packs .
This manner , you can create your screening effective in addition to easy .
Art of photography has been practiced both at professional and amateur levels .
With screen technology ’s development , the scene was changed .
http://freedomwatchonfox.com
LOS ANGELES / NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The Terminator will be back , but under new ownership .
A U.S. bankruptcy judge said on Wednesday the movie franchise could be sold to California - based , hedge fund Pacificor LLC , ending months of speculation about the future of the iconic film series after its current owner collapsed into bankruptcy in August .
U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Ernest Robles approved the sale during a hearing in his Los Angeles courtroom , saying it would offer the best deal for the company ’s unsecured creditors .
He overruled an objection from movie studios Columbia Pictures and Lions Gate Entertainment Corp who had claimed the auction process was unfair after their joint bid for the franchise was not selected .
Under the deal , Pacificor would have the rights to the revenue from future films , games , DVDs and certain television programing from the franchise .
Pacificor has been in talks with several movie studios about future distribution and production of the Terminator films , and those talks are expected to intensify once the deal closes , according to a person familiar with the matter who declined to be named because the information was not public .
Pacificor did not return an e-mail seeking comment .
Halcyon Holding , had acquired the Terminator franchise in 2007 for about $ 25 million and produced “ Terminator Salvation , ” which took in about $ 371 million in worldwide box office returns last year .
Halcyon , which had been working on the concept for a fifth Terminator film , fell into bankruptcy amid a dispute with its backers at Pacificor , who had originally financed Halcyon ’s purchase of the Terminator rights .
Pacificor , Halcyon ’s largest creditor in the bankruptcy , made a winning “ credit bid ” of $ 29.5 million on Monday to acquire the franchise .
It also promised to pay an additional $ 5 million to Halcyon ’s bankruptcy estate for each future Terminator sequel created .
Pacificor ’s bid beat out a $ 35.6 million joint offer from Lions Gate and Columbia Pictures , a unit of Sony Corp , which had promised to pay the estate a further $ 2 million for each of the sixth and seventh Terminator sequels , but no money for the fifth sequel .
In a bankruptcy auction , lenders are allowed to “ credit bid , ” forgiving much of the debt they are owed in exchange for taking control of franchise .
The movie studios had contested last minute changes that allowed Pacificor to credit bid up to $ 38 million .
Judge Robles said he believed the Pacificor deal would lead to a better return for Halcyon ’s unsecured creditors .
“ They have the most at stake here , ” Robles said .
The deal with Pacificor also settled several legal disputes between Halcyon and the hedge fund stemming from its collapse .
The sale is the second high profile movie franchise to be sold in the last few months .
Nickelodeon paid $ 60 million for the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles franchise in October .
FTI Capital Advisors acted as the banker for the auction , Peitzman , Weg & Kempinsky LLP represents Halcyon and Pacificor is represented by Latham & Watkins .
The case is In re : T Asset Acquisition Company LLC , U.S. Bankruptcy Court , Central District of California , No. 09-31853 .
RIP : Kage Baker 1952 - 2010
Kage Baker has passed away this morning after a fierce struggle with cancer .
She was best known for her Company novels , including In the Garden of Iden .
For months , she had fought the uterine cancer privately , but the tumor spread to her brain .
The Green Man review posted this letter from her sister , Kathleen .
She died at 1:15 this morning .
She had begun to have difficulty breathing early this evening ; I gave her atropine and morphine for the breathing problems and the pain , but by about 8 PM she slipped into unconsciousness .
The last thing she requested was to have her pillows adjusted – she said she was more comfortable , and after that she said nothing else .
She became unresponsive very shortly thereafter , and by her own request , no heroic efforts were made .
Her sister Anne and nieces Kate and Emma were up this weekend , and watched with me for most of the evening .
At about 1 AM her breathing got louder and lighter and more urgent , though her pupils were not responsive to light ; there was a rush of bile from her mouth , and then she passed away very quietly in our arms .
Kage ’s body will go to MedCure , a body donation program working on training surgery students .
They will cremate it and return the ashes to me in about 3 weeks .
Her ashes will then be scattered half from Catalina Island and half from Plaskett Creek beach near Big Sur .
For a beautiful appreciation of her , please visit Marty Halpern ’s site to read “ In the Company of Kage Baker ”
Kage ’s family and friends have our deepest sympathy .
Science fiction has lost a brilliant light .
A new report shines a flattering light on California 's immigrants .
Foreign - born residents are more likely to have jobs than native - born citizens , according to the report from the California Immigrant Policy Center .
Also , immigrants put more into the economy than they take out of it , the Daily Breeze reported .
Los Angeles County Supervisor Mike Antonovich 's office criticized the report for making no distinction between legal and illegal immigrants in the report .
Highlights from " Looking Forward : Immigrant Contributions to the Golden State 2010 "
27 percent ( 9.9 million ) of California residents are immigrants , a rate higher than any other state in the nation .
Immigrants and their children make up 41 percent of California 's population .
Of all children in California , 48 percent have at least one immigrant parent .
Immigrants participate in the labor force at slightly higher rates than non-immigrants , with 62 percent of immigrants and 60 percent of non-immigrants over the age of 16 employed in California .
For Latino and Asian men , this difference is even greater .
About 84 percent of all Latino and Asian immigrant men age 25 - 64 are employed , compared with 78 percent of U.S. - born Latino and Asian men .
Immigrants contribute 32 percent of California 's GDP and make up 27 percent of the total household income in California .
These numbers represent the researchers ' claim that immigrants put more into the economy than they take out of it .
42 percent of Californians speak a language other than English at home .
However , demand for English language instruction is on the rise .
Two out of three foreign - born California residents ( 6.8 million ) are either U.S. citizens or are eligible to naturalize and become voters .
Highlights from " Immigrants in the Orange County Region "
30 percent of residents in Orange County are immigrants , and 44 percent of immigrants in Orange County are citizens .
Immigrants in Orange County contribute about 33 percent of the region 's GDP and make up 28 percent of the total household income .
Immigrants make up : 89 percent of maids and housekeeping cleaners 85 percent of bakers 85 percent of roofers 80 percent of painters , construction and maintenance workers
Highlights from " Immigrants in the Inland Empire Region "
22 percent of residents in the Inland Empire are immigrants , and 38 percent of immigrants in the Inland Empire are citizens .
Immigrants comprise 29 percent of the labor force in the Inland Empire .
Immigrants make up : 81 percent of agricultural workers and animal breeders .
66 percent of grounds maintenance workers 62 percent of maids and housekeeping cleaners 64 percent of roofers
More information is available at www.caimmigrant.org/contributions.html.
by Brett Stevens on April 24 , 2009
People think a great deal about “ where we went wrong , ” these days , which signals undoubtedly that human civilization is heading into a confrontation with its ongoing collapse .
We wonder how it could sneak up on us , and just when we thought we were doing so well .
Some analogize this to an external force that has taken over and destroyed us .
While we face many enemies , few are all - powerful enough for this common metaphor to function :
If a frog is placed in boiling water , it will jump out , but if it is placed in cold water that is slowly heated , it will never jump out … and die being boiled alive .
Empirically , this is not true : frogs have enough temperature sense to escape warming water , even though they ’re cold - blooded .
Rhetorically , it may be true in that conscious creatures often fail to notice slow , incremental changes that lead to their doom .
We talk about the “ Slippery Slope ” as a possibility because in our life - experiences , like in certain 1980s teen movies , one mistake naturally causes others in order to try to compensate for the first .
This is like when you make a typing error and then three others in correcting the first ( an infuriatingly common event around here ) .
In those 1980s teen movies , a common plot involved a lie or deception by which a character intended to project more power , prestige , or wealth than he or she actually had .
In order to keep the deception from being uncovered , another lie was told , and then another to cover that , until the person was in over their head and struggling to remember what was real and true .
Some claim that the slippery slope is a fallacy .
Let us look at that .
If A happens , then by a gradual series of small steps of B through Z will happen , too .
Z should not happen .
Therefore , A should not happen , either .
We see slippery slope classified as a fallacy by those who need rigid definitions .
However , technically speaking , saying that something is a slippery slope is not a fallacy , although it is misused frequently and the unwashed masses can’t tell the difference :
This type of argument is by no means invariably fallacious , but the strength of the argument is inversely proportional to the number of steps between A and Z , and directly proportional to the causal strength of the connections between adjacent steps .
Fallacy Files
I think such arguments appeal to us because we are referring to a form of the Broken Windows Theory : if we tolerate small acts of stupidity / evil , we will soon become accustomed to them as a form of background noise , and then not notice when we enter a phase of true horror .
In other words , instead of an external force doing us in , we are the ones who give way because of the “ causal strength of the connections between adjacent steps . ”
Once we assume an idea like equality , for example , and implement equality for a religious minority , it makes sense to extend that to racial , sexual , ethnic , and religious minorities as well because we are following the precedent set by the previous step .
We have in other words accepted the precept , but have not realized that it consists of widening circles of influence since any theory that we accept as universally true — or true in all contexts , or independent of context — will then be a useful tool in other areas .
Consider this operating in a positive light .
Once we discover germ theory , it makes sense to wash our hands before surgery .
Then , we think : why not wash before eating ?
After using the loo ?
Or simply throughout the day , so we do not spread our microbes everywhere ?
We learned the same thing when we adopted checklists .
Originally found on submarines , these made their way to military airplanes , then to surface ships , and finally to factory equipment .
Now many of us use them to operate simple devices like coffee makers in the grey - sepia light of five in the morning .
With each successful use , we internalize the concept .
When this is a conjectural concept , or one without immediate positive feedback from nature like washing our hands or checklists , we spread it simply to avoid contradicting our earlier assumption .
Think of an isolated island .
One day , they declare the existence of a god , Lemmy .
This god demands that people chant a certain mantra four specific times during the day .
At first , this applies to the priests , but then it seems odd that the military leaders and kings do not do it .
They begin .
At that point , it makes little sense that the police do not do it , or the business leaders , or the women washing clothes in the stream .
Soon everyone stops every day to chant the mantra of Lemmy .
When these habits are good things , they lead us to improve every area of society , like washing hands or checklists , or even saying “ please ” and “ thank you . ”
When these ideas are conjectural and unrealistic , they create a stream of justifications for the original in a slippery slope style cascade .
That leads to a condition where unrealistic and harmful ideas are normal :
Kant places particular emphasis upon human responsibility for both radical evil and moral conversion .
Unlike original sin , which Christian belief has understood as inherited , radical evil is self - incurred by each human being .
It consists in a fundamental misdirection of our willing that corrupts our choice of action .
In Kant ’s terminology , it consists in an “ inversion ” of our “ maxims , ” which are the principles for action we pose to ourselves in making our choices .
Instead of making the rightness of actions — i.e. , the categorical imperative — the fundamental principle for choice , we make the satisfaction of one of our own ends take priority in the willing of our actions .
We thus inculcate in ourselves a propensity to make exceptions to the demand of the categorical imperative in circumstances when such an exception seems to be in our own favor .
Overcoming radical evil requires a “ change of heart ” — i.e. , a reordering of our fundamental principle of choice — that we are each responsible for effecting in ourselves .
SEP
Another vital view :
The failure of human moral agents to observe the moral law is symptomatic of a character or disposition ( Gesinnung ) that has been corrupted by an innate propensity to evil , which is to subordinate the moral law to self - conceit .
Because this propensity corrupts an agent ’s character as a whole , and is the innate “ source ” of every other evil deed , it may be considered “ radical . ”
IEP
The real question of radical evil is : when an individual goes down a path to error , or a group does , how do they reverse themselves when they have come to tolerate the evil as “ normal ” ?
In other words , if we slowly boil that frog / slip that slope by making competitive only the everyday actions that are radical evil , soon we radical evil is seen as normal , and defined as normal — and because that which opposes it also opposes the normal , any real “ good ” would be seen as evil .
This reminds me of Plato ’s parable of the ring of the Lydian Gyges ( covered in more detail here ) :
Gyges was a shepherd in the service of the king of Lydia ; there was a great storm , and an earthquake made an opening in the earth at the place where he was feeding his flock .
Amazed at the sight , he descended into the opening , where , among other marvels , he beheld a hollow brazen horse , having doors , at which he stooping and looking in saw a dead body of stature , as appeared to him , more than human , and having nothing on but a gold ring ; this he took from the finger of the dead and reascended .
Now the shepherds met together , according to custom , that they might send their monthly report about the flocks to the king ; into their assembly he came having the ring on his finger , and as he was sitting among them he chanced to turn the collet of the ring inside his hand , when instantly he became invisible to the rest of the company and they began to speak of him as if he were no longer present .
He was astonished at this , and again touching the ring he turned the collet outwards and reappeared ; he made several trials of the ring , and always with the same result - when he turned the collet inwards he became invisible , when outwards he reappeared .
Whereupon he contrived to be chosen one of the messengers who were sent to the court ; where as soon as he arrived he seduced the queen , and with her help conspired against the king and slew him , and took the kingdom .
Suppose now that there were two such magic rings , and the just put on one of them and the unjust the other ; , no man can be imagined to be of such an iron nature that he would stand fast in justice .
No man would keep his hands off what was not his own when he could safely take what he liked out of the market , or go into houses and lie with any one at his pleasure , or kill or release from prison whom he would , and in all respects be like a God among men .
Then the actions of the just would be as the actions of the unjust ; they would both come at last to the same point .
And this we may truly affirm to be a great proof that a man is just , not willingly or because he thinks that justice is any good to him individually , but of necessity , for wherever any one thinks that he can safely be unjust , there he is unjust .
For all men believe in their hearts that injustice is far more profitable to the individual than justice , and he who argues as I have been supposing , will say that they are right .
If you could imagine any one obtaining this power of becoming invisible , and never doing any wrong or touching what was another ’s , he would be thought by the lookers - on to be a most wretched idiot , although they would praise him to one another ’s faces , and keep up appearances with one another from a fear that they too might suffer injustice .
In other words , like power or wealth , the ability to be invisible reveals us .
We are unseen , but we are in exchange further seen at least by ourselves as what we are .
The invisibility conveyed by civilization allows us all to be like Gyges , in that against a backdrop of complex social interactions , individuals each going their own way , and relative anonymity , our actions remain concealed , even if in this case they ( mostly ) involve only ourselves .
More importantly , it reveals that our tendency is toward evil and , unless checked , we progress to a state of radical evil by taking one wrong step , rationalizing it , compensating with another wrong step , justifying it , and finally ending up fully committed to an unrealistic and harmful path .
The theory of Crowdism states that human civilization changes through ideas , and that these are passed socially , and that when in decay , civilization creates a social dark organization within it that acts for the selfish and narcissistic demands of its members , instead of working toward civilization .
In fact , it acts against it .
Civilization presents to us the same challenge that was presented to Gyges .
If we can get away with it , do we do it ?
The answer is that it varies .
Some , upon being given the ring , would not use it for evil , but would use it for good , and be seen as evil anyway .
Some say this is a metaphor for how brilliant leaders tend to avoid crises before they become visible , and so to The People , ™ it seems like those leaders do nothing .
On the other hand , a person who rules for the sake of his own power ( control or tyranny ) will do many things in public that seem like positive activity , while hiding the evil that he does in private .
We may be caught in an evolutionary cycle where we hover between what was in the past and what must be in the future .
For humanity to survive , we need people who do not rely on control , but do what is right ( approximately ) even when anonymous or invisible .
Some believe that this evolution will take place in the stars .
Readying ourselves to send explorers from Earth to new worlds , we will choose our best people .
If we are intelligent , they will be those who could resist the ring of the Lydian Gyges .
As it turns out , and the theory of Crowdism explains , the frog boils itself .
Without guidance from the best people in a society , the frog turns toward its inner failings and stereotypical pathologies , and in justifying those , creates a cult which obliterates it .
Tags : boiling frog , gyges , immanuel kant , radical evil , slippery slope , the ring of the lydian gyges
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Besides , FDR was no Dick Cheney , and selling his war against Germany was far from a sure thing , since it was n't Nazi planes that attacked Pearl Harbor .
Opposition still enjoyed the support of prominent American Nazis bigwigs such as Henry Ford , and the U.S. Army was so weak at the time that they had to train with wooden guns .
Truth be told , had Hitler not declared war on the U.S. four days later , FDR would have had one hell of an uphill fight getting Americans to fight , even with Pearl Harbor .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
So to recap , America , the hero ( actually Pippen , or possibly Rodman to Russia 's Jordan ) of the war , might not have joined the beloved ( reviled drunk ) Churchill , had it not been for the maverick decision ( one of countless tactical errors ) by the diabolical ( borderline retarded ) Hitler .
Bang up job , History Channel !
Do you have something funny to say about a random topic ?
You could be on the front page of Cracked .com tomorrow .
Go here and find out how to create a Topic Page .
For more from our myth - debunking department , check out 7 Retarded Food Myths the Internet Thinks Are True and Your Mom Lied : 5 Common Body Myths Debunked .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
And stop by our Top Picks ( Updated 2.10.2010 ) to find out more about bombs ( read : boobies ) .
And do n't forget to follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get dick jokes sent straight to your news feed .
We have some bad news : Ancient Greece was covered in pastels , American history is n't an underdog story and your favorite book sellers are now taking pre-orders for a text book written and illustrated entirely by the Cracked team !
Hitting shelves in October , Cracked 's De-Textbook is a fully - illustrated , systematic deconstruction of all of the bullshit you learned in school .
It 's loaded with facts about history , your body , and the world around you that your teachers did n't want you to know .
And as a bonus ?
We 've also included the kinkiest sex acts ever described in the Bible .
NUIG Kayak Club are hosting this year ’s Irish Kayak Intervarsities , I tagged along to grab a few shots of the flatwater and freestyle rodeo .
Tuam was n’t working because of a lack of rain , so the rodeo was held out at Clifden .
Enjoy !
PARIS  Broadening the relief effort , the Paris Club of international creditors issued an appeal Tuesday for nations owed money by Haiti to cancel the debts to help reconstruction after the devastating earthquake a week ago .
A statement from the informal grouping , which meets each month in Paris and is composed of major industrialized countries , came as international agencies pressed for the provision of greater security to protect the distribution of aid in Haiti and the supply route leading from the neighboring Dominican Republic .
The Paris Club said that last July its members canceled all their claims on Haiti , at that time totaling $ 214 million .
“ Considering the financing needs that Haiti will face in reconstructing the country , Paris Club creditors call upon other bilateral creditors also to urgently provide full debt cancellation to Haiti , ” the statement said .
Chris Anderson has an important message from the future : Did you know you can outsource manufacturing ?
Advertisement
In the cover story of the latest issue of WIRED , Editor - in - Chief Chris Anderson makes a claim that at first , soaked as we are in the " maker " DIY culture of the internet and science fiction , does n't seem completely preposterous : " micro- factories " are the " future of American manufacturing " — as the title proclaims , " Atoms Are the New Bits . "
The problem is that they so are n't .
Atoms are real , finite things .
Until 3D printers can do more than squirt out mono - material resin sculptures — inevitable , perhaps , but not within the next decade — even the at - home revolution that Anderson puts up as an example of a new way of manufacturing consumer goods is n't actually new at all .
Until that glorious day , Anderson suggests American enthusiast makers outsource the dirty work to China .
Advertisement
" Today , micro- factories make everything from cars to bike components to bespoke furniture in any design you can imagine , " claims Anderson .
We used to call " micro- factories " " small businesses " , but that was before we knew they were a revolution .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
It 's painful for me to point this out , because many of the people involved in this so - called " revolution " are my friends .
They 're smart people doing admirable , clever things .
But at best they 're changing the way hobbyist and boutique manufacturing works .
The future of mainstream industry remains about the same as it's been for the last thirty years .
Reinventing Wheels
Let us fisk .
Anderson 's opening example is Local Motors , a shop which is building a $ 50 k " crowdsourced " car with a Creative Commons - licensed design :
The Rally Fighter 's body was designed by Local Motors ' community of volunteers and puts the lie to the notion that you can't create anything good by committee ( so long as the community is well managed , well led , and well equipped with tools like 3 - D design software and photorealistic rendering technology ) .
The result is a car that puts Detroit to shame .
Advertisement
I think the Rally Fighter is nifty , but get real :
It 's not all that different that designs from major manufacturers .
Moreover , you 'll find in the very next paragraph that the design sprung first from the mind of a single person , a design student named Sangho Kim .
So great .
There 's a car company building a kit car that uses a BMW crate engine .
You can download their plans — but not their parts — for free .
They plan on selling a couple thousand .
Advertisement
So what ?
There are dozens of kit car manufacturers in the United States .
Add in the custom car companies like Devon or coach builders like Sportsmobile and you 're up into the hundreds .
Advertisement
It 's very neat that they designed their car with input from others online .
But until I can go down to the local Local Motors dealer and test drive one for myself , you can hardly call it a revolution .
Open source is a nice way for information to disseminate , to make a project better ; its addition does not guarantee a revolutionary — or even successful — business model .
Why Pay Licensing Fees ?
Everyone knows about Brickarms , right ?
They make weapons for the Lego men that Lego themselves wo n't make .
They 're a fun little thing for hardcore Lego fans who want their minifigs to wield Uzis or grenades .
Advertisement
Anderson offers Brickarms up as an example of ... something .
Perhaps of inexpensive prototyping ?
Brickarms ' owner , Will Chapman , models his weapons at home on his computer , makes his own simple molds using a cheap CNC router , and then hand - presses the Lego weapons to sell online .
Advertisement
If you go to Brickarms website right now , you 'll see that they 've stopped taking orders so they can " catch up " on manufacturing .
The future of business , apparently , is not having enough supply to meet your demand .
Please also note that in Anderson 's companion video for his piece , he singles out Brickarms ' unofficial Halo gear as an example of something that the market has asked for but Lego and Microsoft have not provided .
But when introducing Local Motors earlier in the piece , Anderson notes , " One problem with the kit - car business ... is that the vehicles are typically modeled after famous racing and sports cars , making lawsuits and license fees a constant burden . "
Advertisement
Guess when worrying about licensing fees is unnecessary ?
When your business is too small to make big money .
China Is Not A Robot
There are several other vaguely supportive examples in Anderson 's piece , but the one I find most grating is DIY Drones , Anderson 's own company which sells inexpensive kits from which you can build your own UAVs .
It 's a fine little company with a fine little project , but to hear Anderson talk about it he 's stumbled on an entirely novel way to run a business , when in fact he 's simply experiencing what it is like to run a business in the modern era .
Advertisement
Here 's how DIY Drones makes their kits :
1. Anderson hires a " 21 - year - old high school graduate from Mexico " to help him create a design .
2 . They send their design to a Colorado company , Sparkfun .
3. Sparkfun sends the design to China , where elfin robots make " millions of them using automated etching , drilling , and cutting machines . "
4 . " That 's it . "
Advertisement
Except it 's not .
Those PCBs are made by human beings in factories .
Factories that are at the best of times less than cushy , populated by workers without a union .
To marvel that you can convince a Chinese company to make a small batch of electronics for you ?
In many cases , that 's when conditions are worst .
Try to get something that is more than a greenboard made and you 're back to standard manufacturing issues like making dies for stamping parts .
Why ?
Because real 3D printers do n't exist yet .
Advertisement
Using the web to communicate with Chinese factories is an improvement ... over the fax machine .
But the real revolution is that it only costs a few bucks to ship a part from Shenzen to Sunnyvale .
You want to talk revolution ?
Thank FedEx .
There Is No " Virtual Manufacturing "
Here 's Anderson 's penultimate paragraph , right before his Wired - by - numbers " Welcome to the next Industrial Revolution " kicker :
How big can these small enterprises get ?
Most of the companies I 've described sell thousands of units - 10,000 is considered a breakout success .
But one that has graduated to the big leagues is Aliph , which makes the Jawbone noise - canceling wireless headsets .
Aliph was founded in 1999 by two Stanford graduates , Alex Asseily and Hosain Rahman , and it now sells millions of headsets each year .
But it has no factories .
It outsources all of its production .
And though more than a thousand people help to create Jawbone headsets , Aliph has just over 80 employees .
Everyone else works for its production partners .
It 's the ultimate virtual manufacturing company : Aliph makes bits and its partners make atoms , and together they can take on Sony .
Advertisement
Here is the key deception : a line drawn between hobbyists making a few items for sale , and western design outfits that work essentially as branding consultants for Chinese conglomerates .
Just because an entrepreneur can turn the former into the latter with more convenience than ever before does n't make it novel .
It certainly does n't make it moral .
And it damn well does n't make it good for business .
Advertisement
It 's great that hobbyists can make ever more complex items , sell them on the internet , and have a small business .
But the same process used by Aliph to manufacturer Bluetooth headsets ( and bear in mind it takes 80 people just to coordinate this ! ) is exactly the same outsourcing process used by Apple to make iPhones .
But the difference between an Apple or a Sony versus a Brickarms or a Local Motors is vast , both in ancillary services offered like warrantees or technical support , to the only metric by which any industrial revolution can be measured : profit .
Advertisement
Atoms are not bits .
Bits are unlimited resources .
Atoms , as the fundamental , literal elements on which a market of scarcity is based , are not .
[ Image : Archival view of the old mines at Grinkle , Yorkshire , UK ] .
[ Image : The earth is like a sandwich ; photo by Phill Davison , from his monumental post exploring Yorkshire 's Grinkle mine ] .
Worth checking out is a massive post detailing photographer Phill Davison 's recent exploration of the half - collapsing tunnels and overgrown hillside entrances of an old Yorkshire iron mine Right when you think it 's over , they hike out through snow drifts and cross into another walled - up creek entrance — and the post just keeps on going .
Davison remarks at one point that the structures he finds himself surrounded by down there remind him of smugglers ' caves and shipwrecks — and pictures like this one , below , detailing the awesomely compressed strata of wood boards and rock , and the rusting ironwork that holds it all back from collapse , make that comparison viscerally obvious .
How amazing , though , to descend into the earth only to find it kitted - out like the hull of an oceangoing ship .
Where the hills you 're walking on are actually engineered archways of an earlier civilization , with the occasional entryway peeking out from beneath the weeds .
And so you descend into the vaults and debris - support cages of an artificial interior , hidden behind fences and beneath the winter snow .
Check out Davison 's post in its entirety — and then stop by the Flickr pool " Exploring the Megastructure , " where I originally saw these photos .
Sorry , the page ' Enter Sandman ' no longer exists
Apple is n't the only tech company stuffed to the gills with cash , with $ 39.8 billion in cash and short and long term securities .
Google has $ 24.6 billion in cash and investments .
Microsoft has billions more than Google , with $ 40.4 billion .
Intel has $ 18.9 billion on hand , which , by these standards , is paltry .
As Microsoft , Apple , and Google go to war in mobile , search , and on the desktop , expect to see more of this cash deployed through acquisitions .
( And one of these days , one of these companies may actually buy something big . )
Follow the Chart Of The Day on Twitter : www.twitter.com/chartoftheday
Get This Delivered To Your Inbox
You can get this dropped in your inbox every afternoon as The Chart Of The Day .
It 's a simple .
It 's convenient .
It 's free .
All we need is your email address , country and postal code .
Sign up below !
Not so long ago most footers were not more than a single line with a simple copyright notice and a link to the site designer .
That time has passed and the footer has evolved .
The current trend is creating a big , fat footer for your website .
This article explores the pros and cons of an extensive footer .
Not so long ago most footers were not more than a single line with a simple copyright notice and a link to the site designer .
That time has passed and the footer has evolved .
The current trend is creating a big , fat footer for your website .
These large footers are generally stocked full with content : about , connect , subscribe , links to other articles , sitemap , back to the top link , categories list , recent comments , etc .
While some designers just went along with this trend , others did not .
Why should you extend your footer ?
Or
Why would you keep the footer short ?
This article explores the pros and cons of an extensive footer .
Of course it matters what kind of site you own and which style you pursue .
Is it a blog or portfolio site ?
Do you have a minimalistic style or do you go all out ?
Keep that in mind when reading this debate .
Pros of A Fat Footer
User -Friendliness
Suggesting other content at the end of a page makes your site a bit more user - friendly .
See it through the eyes of a visitor :
When I reach the end of a page , there is always the question where I ’m going next .
Usually I click the site away .
But by providing links to other articles you can keep visitors on your site .
You can also provide contact information or your social media links ( Facebook , Linked In , etc . )
Design Was
Here offers recent posts , comments and tweets offering plenty of choices for what to do next .
Boost for SEO
Extra content means more keywords .
Google likes the extra keywords , so a plus for SEO .
It is n’t much because the Google ranking for the footer tag is quite low , but all things help .
Please do n’t take advantage of it .
Some sites have been punished for using this technique for SEO - spam .
Viget Inspire utilizes a category listing in their footer .
Categories and Tags are useful for slight SEO boosts .
Express Your Creativity
The footer is a good place to show how creative you can be .
If you ’re an illustrator this is a good place to show a character .
If you ’re a product designer – show us a product .
The possibilities are only limited to your imagination .
Yo Div begins their useful footer with a creative and fun illustration that matches the feel of the site .
Cons of a Fat Footer
Slows Your Page Down
More content means that it takes longer to load the page .
If it takes a visitor too long to load your site , they will click your site away .
Use a program like Yslow to A - B test your footer .
If the footer adds too much to your loading time , take some content out , or kill the footer as a whole .
Colorburned includes a lot of images and external links ( flickr , advertisement ) that may increase load time .
A beautiful footer nonetheless .
Commented Out
Is it useful on a site where an article generates many comments ?
I usually do n’t read the comments .
If a visitor ca n’t see the footer , what ’s the point in designing one ?
To overcome this problem you can put the suggestions for other articles first and after that the comments .
Or perhaps a drop down box which opens the comments .
Smashing Magazine ’s wonderful footer is usually buried below hundreds of comments .
Disconnected
Some footers are designed apart from the design of the site instead of matching the tone of the site as a whole .
While the entire design of this site is undesirable , a mismatching footer only makes it worse .
Soh Tanaka does a much better job of blending the footer with the rest of the site .
Conclusion ( The Footer of this Article )
Personally I like those big , fat footers .
Especially if they are well designed ( like YoDiv ) .
But that ’s just my opinion , I ’m curious about your thoughts .
How much attention do you pay to the design of your footer and do think it ’s really necessary ?
Share it With Your Friends :
Want More ?
Subscribe and We'll Deliver it to You .
Yesterday , career Web guy James Chartrand admitted that “ he ” is a woman , actually .
Chartrand said that after she adopted the male pseudonym several years ago — - one that sounded like it “ might command respect ” — - she did command respect , and began to ascend from struggling single - mom writer to respected male Web entrepreneur .
In light of the news that Chartrand is a lady , I am struck by some of the more masculine touches Chartrand inserted into her crowning achievement as James Chartland : The Web development team “ Men With Pens . ”
But first , a bit of feminist review .
Upon reading Chartrand ’s coming - out piece , The Frisky ’s Jessica Wakeman took issue with Chartrand ’s decision to obscure her gender to get ahead : “ Honestly , there is something rather Uncle Tom -y about Chartrand hiding behind the opposite gender , ” she wrote .
“ By assuming the identity of a male writer , she skirted the discrimination against women entirely while doing nothing to change womens ’ lot .
She just left the glass ceiling standing there , rather than shattering it . ”
Meanwhile , Broadsheet ’s Kate Harding saw Chartrand ’s pseudonym as a reminder that some old - school feminist battles have not been laid to rest : “ I get furious when people insist that western women have achieved full equality , ” Harding wrote .
“ But even I ’ve bought into the myth of meritocracy enough that my first thought upon learning a female writer massively increased her success by adopting a male pseudonym was , ‘ Wow , how retro !
How Brontë , how Eliot , how Sand . ’
Certainly not ‘ how Rowling . ' ”
Whether you think Chartrand ’s choice to adopt a male name was anti-feminist or illuminating , you should know that adopting a male name is not all Chartrand did .
* She also adopted a male persona— - her biography refers to her repeatedly as “ he . ”
* She also named her company “ Men With Pens . ”
* She also crafted a company logo ( above ) that looks like it was directed by Michael Bay .
* She also slipped this line into the bio of one of her employees , copywriter Taylor Lindstrom : “ She ’s the team ’s rogue woman who wowed us until our desire for her talents exceeded our desire for a good ol ’ boys club . ”
* She also introduced Lindstrom to the blog as “ perky , ” “ adorable , ” and capable of cooking and cleaning .
( In introducing a male employee to the blog , Chartrand described their relationship as “ bromantic , ” one in which the Men With Pens “ could be laid back together , chink beers and not argue over the remote control ” ) .
* She also regularly used photos of naked women to illustrate her posts .
* She also occasionally essentialized women — -“ all the women ” loved Jerry McGuire , Chartland wrote — - while conveniently placing herself outside of the gender categories she set for them .
* She also used a photograph of a man silencing a woman with his hand as the logo for a “ Men With Pens ” role - playing game .
When a few commenters noted that the photographed failed to create an “ inviting community for women , ” Chartrand replied : “ Photography is very subjective .
You see a woman being terrorized .
I see a man helping a woman stay quiet so he can save her life . ”
* She also penned this post — - amazing , in hindsight !—- which instructed “ mommy bloggers ” to stop “ whin[ing ] about being stereotyped ” and begin welcoming male commenters in their spaces :
On the few occasions that I ’ve risked my balls to post a comment on a mommy blog , I noticed my comments were skipped over as if they ( I ? ) did n’t even exist .
Sometimes my comments get a sharp , snappy , “ piss off ” kind of remark in reply .
Sometimes I ’m absolutely bashed , and I have a hard time figuring out why .
. . .
I do n’t understand making male readers and participants feel unwelcome .
I know plenty of mothers who blog and who come off as . . . . well , bloggers who are mothers .
They do n’t perpetuate the stereotype of a frazzle Mom trying to work in a household of chaos .
They do n’t try to shave the balls of all males who dare to visit the blog .
They do n’t discount opinions from men .
Everyone is equal .
They blog , they work , and they raise their children .
So . . .
Chartrand claims to have testicles in order to avoid being lumped in with all those whining , stereotypical mommy blogs , and then she has the nerve to insist all the lowly female bloggers let her into their club ?
Chartrand , of all people , knows that everyone is not equal on the Web .
Chartrand herself pretended to have a pair of balls because she found her work perpetually discounted , insulted , and ignored by men .
Men ( and people who assume masculine identities ) get to have the rest of the Internet .
Women get their own tiny little part of it , where women ’s voices are actually valued .
In those spaces , comments about how these women “ wield their feminism like a spiked mace ” from the one man valiant enough to “ risk his balls ” to wade into the comments are not welcome .
Obviously .
* She also made some shit up !
Unlike Brontë , Eliot , Sand , or Rowling , Chartrand did n’t use a male pseudonym to get her works of fiction published — - she parlayed her name into a successful blog which regularly touched on her life . . . except as a man .
Every post that tried to recast Chartrand ’s personality into a male persona — - like this one about how “ he ” learned to knit back when “ little kids do n’t know that boys should n’t do girl things ” — - is pretty much untruth .
If the sexist blogging world made Chartrand change her name , did it also make her throw in some defensive gender posturing to explain why she — - a man , of all people ! —- would ever take up the feminine pastime of knitting ?
This is where Chartrand ’s gender play goes beyond necessity and enters the realm of professional responsibility .
Is n’t a habit of spinning absurd white lies a bit of a liability for any professional writer ?
Of course , “ Men With Pens ” is n’t all gender stereotypes and objectification — - mostly , it ’s just straight - up professional advice for ‘ net writers .
But in light of Chartrand ’s admission , the more sexist aspects of the Web site are hard to ignore .
Are Chartrand ’s hyper - masculine touches in “ Men With Pens ” tongue - in - cheek inside jokes ?
Are they defense mechanisms meant to ward off suspicion that she was n’t really a man ?
Are they yet another way for Chartrand to use sexism for her own career advantage ?
Or is this just how Chartrand truly sees herself — - as a “ man with a pen ” who enjoys jokingly categorizing her employees based off rigid gender norms , feels the need to bash mommies , and thinks that naked ladies best illustrate her points ?
Chartrand thinks that adopting a male pen name was necessary to make her career .
“ Truth be told , if just a name and perception of gender creates such different levels of respect and income for a person , it says a lot more about the world and the people in it than it does about me , ” she wrote .
But Chartrand ’s ruse went well beyond the public ’s mere “ perception ” of her gender .
She named her company “ Men With Pens , ” for Christ ’s sake .
Are we really expected to believe that financial necessity forced Chartrand not only to take a man ’s name , but to actively define her career around the fact that she ’s a male with precious balls she ’s got to protect from vicious ladybloggers ?
Or that by doing so , Chartrand was in any way elevating her voice as a woman ?
More likely , Chartrand owes her career to a willingness to play into the “ boy ’s club ” mentality , not only in the name but in the content of her work .
Chartrand responded to Web sexism by becoming a bit of a male chauvinist herself .
She created a male space that — - while welcoming to female commenters and clients — - is , let ’s be honest , more welcoming to men .
That act may have been necessary when she was a single mom scraping by on welfare checks .
But now that she ’s a Web presence of her own , complete with clients , employees , and substantial readership , does she really have to keep perpetuating the guy thing ?
After all , Chartrand has now managed to shore up more recognition as a woman than she ever could as a man .
HOW STRANGE are the ways of politics and how fast the reversals of what once seemed ...
This site is offline for maintainance .
In a few seconds you will be redirected to TrineDay.com
Mr Ahmadinejad 's order was the culmination of a series of confusing statements by the regime in the last week .
If it is carried out , it will scupper what was hoped to be a looming deal to transfer most of Iran 's uranium abroad for further processing .
Many in the West want uranium processing to take place outside the country so that fears over a weapons programme are allayed and the country 's nuclear plans are better monitored .
Over the weekend , everybody was emailing me this Washington Post Outlook article , which critiques my first book in the context of arguing that liberals are sneeringly dismissive of the conservative intellect , and guilty of " intellectual condescension " :
This liberal vision emphasizes the dissemination of ideologically driven views from sympathetic media such as the Fox News Channel .
For example , Chris Mooney 's book " The Republican War on Science " argues that policy debates in the scientific arena are distorted by conservatives who disregard evidence and reflect the biases of industry - backed Republican politicians or of evangelicals aimlessly shielding the world from modernity .
In this interpretation , conservative arguments are invariably false and deployed only cynically .
Evidence of the costs of cap - and - trade carbon rationing is waved away as corporate propaganda ; arguments against health - care reform are written off as hype orchestrated by insurance companies .
Let me go on the record as saying that I am no fan whatsoever of intellectual condescension .
I think there is way too much of it on my side of the aisle .
So I should be at least somewhat sympathetic with this author , one Gerard Alexander of the University of Virginia .
But here 's the problem .
He gets my book 's arguments almost entirely wrong .
First , I do n't argue that conservatives " disregard evidence . "
The problem is that they make up their own evidence , using their own " scientists " to do so .
They then use this pseudo - expertise to disregard expertise and consensus - - a very different thing .
Second , I never argued conservatives were arguing " cynically . "
It was obvious they believed what they said on matters of science .
After all , they had their pseudoexperts to bank on .
Finally , I clearly distinguished between distorting the facts of science on the one hand , and making economic , moral , and policy arguments on the other .
So a sentence like Alexander 's last one completely misses the boat : " Evidence of the costs of cap - and - trade carbon rationing is waved away as corporate propaganda ; arguments against health - care reform are written off as hype orchestrated by insurance companies . "
This stuff has nothing to do with the arguments of The Republican War on Science .
If there is ever a case for being intellectually condescending -- and I 'm not sure that there is -- perhaps it's to someone who critiques you while getting your arguments wrong .
Sometimes it seems like your friends list on Steam is completely taken over by a game , and right now PC gamers are enamored with a new , $ 20 take on the Diablo formula called Torchlight .
This is a game with bright , attractive graphics , enough looting to satisfy fans of new equipment and weaponry , and ... no multiplayer ?
Ars Technica caught up with Wonder Russell , the " Minister of Culture " for Runic Games , to explore what makes this game so special .
From the ashes ...
The first question was a simple one : why ship a top - down loot fest such as Torchlight without multiplayer ?
The answer goes back to how Runic Games formed , and where the game is headed , along with an interesting culture at the developer that rewards playability .
It starts with the closure of Flagship Studios , and the subsequent loss of all the IP that developer was working on .
In the case of the team that would become Runic Games , they lost Mythos , a free - to - play MMO , right before it went into open beta .
" To lose a game you 've worked on for years like that is heartbreaking , so first priority for us as a new team was simple : ship a game , " Russell explained .
The founders of the company had worked on both Diablo and Fate , so they knew this genre inside and out — it was a natural fit .
Sticking to single - player meant that they could focus on one thing and deliver it with a high degree of polish .
So they wanted something fast , in the vein of Diablo , but it had to be good .
Those requirements rarely add up to anything worthwhile , but the strategy for creating the game left a lot of room for iteration .
" The MO at Runic is to 'always have a playable build . '
The game has been essentially playable weeks after its inception , and so everyone can play and comment and tweak — we have constant , daily iterations of the game , so playtesting really began a year ago and has only ramped up since then with our hardworking QA team , " Russell told Ars .
They also invited the friends and family of the developers to come in and play to make sure the game was fun for the more casual fans .
The goal was simple : to make the game fun to play , even if that meant focusing on single - player .
Torchlight should have quite the future ahead of it .
" We are making an MMO version , due out in about two years .
Torchlight with a co-op would be fun , but it just was n't feasible in our initial dev cycle , and even if we could add it at this point , we 'd essentially be competing with our own game . "
Digital distribution makes life easier for indies
When it came to distribution , Runic cast the net wide .
" We basically approached all the usual suspects — Steam , Direct2 Drive , etc , and began setting up those partnerships and agreements , " Russell said .
" There is definitely an ease - of - use and approachability with digital downloads that is a huge help to the indie developer , but getting the word out there that you have a game for sale that ’s a lot of fun to play is always going to be the trickiest part of the business , especially for a small company like ours , with zero marketing budget . "
Luckily , the community around the game has done quite the job of evangelizing for them ; a thread in our own forum has resulted in many buying the $ 20 game .
That price point — and the low requirements — were n't an accident .
" The price point was really set with the idea of making Torchlight as widely available as possible , which we extend to our settings too ; we do n't use shaders , and have optimized the game to even run on a netbook , " Russell explained .
" We want your granny to be able to play if she wants to ! "
The game features three character classes , with around 20 hours of gameplay for each play - through .
That 20 - hour mark is somewhat misleading , however .
After you beat the game the first time , you unlock a never - ending dungeon as well as more quests to help you get to the level 100 cap .
You 'll also be able to enchant an item and pass it on to your " descendant , " the next character you play with .
Shared stashes allow you to pass items from one character to another ; while you play with one character , you can be looting for everyone .
" That way , if you are playing a melee character and find a great gun , you can keep it in the shared stash for your ranged character , rather than selling it , " Russell told Ars .
" We 've made Torchlight to have extremely high replayability , the randomized dungeons , help too . "
He also notes that they 're releasing the complete set of developer tools used to create the game itself .
" We know the modding community is going to go crazy , and folks will be able to play with tons of new content , levels , monsters , and more . "
But is the game good ?
In a word : yes .
The addiction grabs you very quickly , and the ability to share loot as well as level your in - game pet go a long way to making this a very inviting game with a fair amount of challenge in the higher levels .
The replayability is also very high , and the $ 20 price tag puts it into the realm of an impulse buy .
If you 're a fan of the genre , there really is no excuse not to pick this one up , and my mouse - finger is already itching to play more .
It can be a lonely experience at times , but by sticking to what it knew and leveraging the best of PC gaming , Runic Games has created a high - quality title that 's worth the buzz .
This is a keeper .
Dec. 1 marked a milestone I never expected , but which I inwardly worried might come .
One year ago , I joined the ranks of the laid - off , and began a journey of uneasy new directions .
Two days after the election of Barack Obama , the E.W. Scripps Company mandated staff cuts for all its newspapers .
My employer , the Ventura County Star , complied by axing 44 jobs .
As the sole remaining editorial artist ( and cartoonist ) , I felt safe , having received a glowing performance evaluation .
But with pages and sections shrinking , they decided an artist was no longer necessary .
I was given until the end of the month .
The year 2008 , until then , had gone pretty well .
I 'd been doing my best cartooning , was runner - up in a national competition and bought a house .
Suddenly , it was as if I 'd been on a long bus journey , and then that bus abruptly pulled over to the side of the road , forced me out and drove away .
leaving me in the middle of nowhere .
I officially became a freelancer ; I already had a weekly freelance gig with L.A. 's Jewish Journal .
With more editorial cartoonists similarly axed nationwide , the ranks of " freelancers " grew .
I let the local alt - weekly , the Ventura County Reporter , know I was out , and inquired about freelance illustration work .
They invited me to come in for a visit , loved my stuff , but expressed regret that they lacked the funds to really use me .
Then in Des Moines , Iowa , cartoonist Brian Duffy got laid off , and the local alt - weekly offered him a regular space .
I mentioned this to the VCReporter ( hint , hint ) and we ultimately devised a way for them to use me , drawing local and national cartoons on alternate weeks .
Job hunting went nowhere .
My skills had become honed for producing newspaper graphics , but with that industry collapsing , those skills were mismatched for anything else .
Nearly every art job available was for apparel design , packaging or video games , none of which I was qualified for .
I 'd considered freelancing back to the Star , but decided it did n't feel right to give them back my cartooning at a cut -rate price .
The VCReporter offered a fresh start .
Also , by not being in the Star , I was free to approach the rival Los Angeles Times .
They ran no local cartoons , and I made that my mission , submitting cartoons relentlessly ; finally in late March , they bought a state cartoon .
I 'd arrived !
I was in the L.A. Times !
But as it turned out , for only that one time .
With piles of unused local cartoons , I offered them to a prominent news blog , LAObserved.com , which was delighted to have them .
Overnight I became the most visible person doing L.A. cartooning .
Great visibility .
no money .
The Video Journalism Movement in Amsterdam , focused on international cartooning and documentary videos , saw my work online and liked it .
They pay in Euros , but hell , it 's still money .
Not everything has been good .
Nobody would hire me , interview me or even acknowledge my applications .
My main source of income was state unemployment benefits ; combined with my freelancing I was -- at best -- earning half my former income .
Then in September , WHAM , a retinal detachment temporarily blinded me in one eye .
The vision is sluggishly improving but is distorted .
I still draw , but slowly and requiring Photoshop fixes .
Unemployment checks have been replaced by disability checks .
So here I am , a year out of work .
On the one hand , I 'm a full - time editorial cartoonist again , something I had n't been since the mid-1980s .
I 've become an online cartoonist , a niche cartoonist and an alt - weekly cartoonist .
My visibility has perhaps never been greater .
On the other hand , at 55 , I 've never worked so hard for so little .
I 'm home alone most of the time .
There are days of battling boredom and depression .
The job market is wretched .
And when you 're a freelancer , you 're essentially always on deadline .
I 'm blessed to have an understanding wife with a good job , plus family , friends and colleagues offering support .
I really do n't know how I would 've gotten through this past year alone .
I really do n't know how so many fellow citizens have gotten by .
Overall , my spirits are OK .
The cartooning is still strong , the eyesight slowly improving and I have all these new , unexpected ventures .
And absolutely no idea how next year will look .
Marc Garlasco has been on the northern border of Gaza for the past five days watching what he says are white phosphorus munitions exploding over a crowded refugee camp .
Mr. Garlasco , a senior military analyst for New York - based Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) , says that the way Israel is using the incendiary device is illegal .
White phosphorus shells contain more than 100 felt filaments that ignite upon contact with the atmosphere , drift to earth , and burn intensely for at least 10 to 12 minutes .
The usage of white phosphorus is not illegal under international law if it's used in military operations as a smoke screen to cover troop movements or against bunkers , armored vehicles , and ammunition dumps .
But its use is forbidden against people – civilians and soldiers alike – under nearly all military codes and laws .
" The use of white phosphorus is banned as a weapon that causes ' unnecessary suffering , ' " says Mark Ellis , director of the International Bar Association in London .
" It is n't to be used in civilian areas , or indeed against people since it creates horrible damage to the human body , and unnecessarily so . "
Israel , which has been charged with using white phosphorus in Lebanon , says it is not using white phosphorus in its war against Hamas in Gaza , now in its 18th day .
" The IDF [ Israeli Defense Forces ] acts only in accordance with what is permitted by international law and does not use white phosphorus , " IDF Chief of Staff Gabi Ashkenazi told Israel 's Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee on Tuesday in response to a query .
But Garlasco says that phosphorus is clearly being used in the Jabaliya refugee camp , one of the most crowded areas in Gaza .
" I can see them ; we are very certain , whatever the Israeli Defense Forces may say , that white phosphorus is being used .
It was used by Israel in Lebanon in 2006 , but not until the population fled .
In Gaza , the population can't flee . "
As the offensive continues , which has killed more than 900 people , a variety of European doctors in Gaza , human rights groups , news organizations like Al Jazeera , and observers on the border are reporting instances and sightings of weapons use that is causing deaths , and wounds they say they have not encountered before .
Most are calling for access to Gaza to determine what is true amid a rage of reports and rumors .
While the phosphorus explosives are widely condemned for raining down indiscriminate harm , questions have also arisen about the possible use of another weapon called Dense Inert Metal Explosives , or DIME , that was created by the US Air Force .
DIME is designed to be used in crowded urban areas since the weapons are highly lethal but have an extremely limited range of explosive force that can reduce collateral damage .
Norwegian doctor Mads Gilbert , who worked in Gaza 's main Shifa hospital during the first weeks of the conflict , and who spoke to media in Egypt and Norway in recent days , is the main source for allegations of DIME use .
" This is a new generation of very powerful small explosive that detonates with extreme power and dissipates its power within a range of five to 10 meters , " he told reporters .
" There is a very strong suspicion I think that Gaza is now being used as a test laboratory for new weapons . "
Al Jazeera , which has reporters in Gaza , has described hospital cases that appear to conform to the clean tearing of limbs that DIME can cause .
Italian scientists from the New Weapons Research Committee , which examines emerging military technology , said in a statement that " evidence is mounting " of DIME usage , saying the wounds may be " untreatable " due to metals like tungsten that enter the body .
DIME is packed with tungsten dust that forms micro-shrapnel upon detonation .
Paola Manduca , a geneticist at the University of Genoa , says she has seen " four photos from Gaza hospitals since December that look like the effects of DIME .
We want to stress as professionals that we need to be able to verify what is happening , and we can't do that if Gaza is blocked . "
But Israeli experts deny any such usage of DIME by the IDF in Gaza .
Shlomo Brom , former brigadier general who consulted international legal experts on weapons use as head of the IDF 's Strategic Planning division , derided human rights groups ' allegations on white phosphorus and DIME as political propaganda .
" The weapons itself are not illegal .
Whether they are used in keeping with international law is a matter of interpretation .
To judge you need all of the operational considerations and intelligence available .
Of course , they do n't have it , so they are playing a very irresponsible role , " he says .
During the Lebanon war in 2006 , Israel was suspected of employing depleted uranium munitions as well as DIME .
The Israeli military has also used cluster bombs and phosphorous munitions in its previous battles in Lebanon .
It was heavily criticized by human rights groups for firing both kinds of munitions into the densely populated streets of west Beirut during the siege of the city in the summer of 1982 .
In the 1990s , when Israeli troops occupied a border strip of South Lebanon , the distinctive cotton ball puffs of brilliant white smoke from exploding phosphorous rounds were a common sight in frontline areas .
The Israelis used phosphorous to burn crops in frontline villages and to destroy ground cover used by Hezbollah fighters to infiltrate the occupation zone .
In August 1997 , five Israeli soldiers burned to death during a battle with Lebanese guerrillas when they were trapped in a frontline valley by a brush fire ignited by phosphorous rounds fired by their own artillery .
HRW reported in 1996 that phosphorous shells fired by Israel had struck populated areas , causing civilian casualties , during a week - long Israeli air and artillery blitz in South Lebanon in July 1993 .
At the time of the 1993 attack , Maj. Gen. Herzl Bodinger , commander of the Israeli Air Force , was quoted by Israel 's Yedioth Ahranot as saying : " We do not use such bombs . "
But in 1994 , the US State Department reported that there were " credible accounts of IDF [ Israeli Defense Forces ] use of phosphorous shells against military and civilians targets " in South Lebanon .
Other controversial armaments used by Israel in Lebanon included antipersonnel " flechette " rounds fired by tanks .
The round is designed to explode in the air , showering the target with 5,000 three - centimeter - long steel darts in a cone - shaped trajectory some 900 feet long .
The United Nations recorded many instances of " flechette " rounds being used in South Lebanon in the 1990s in which civilians were killed or wounded .
Last year , Fadel Shanaa , a Reuters cameraman , was killed in Gaza by a " flechette " round fired by an Israeli tank that Mr. Shanaa was filming at the time .
Whether Israel is using white phosphorus illegally or not in its latest war against Islamist militants in Gaza , the issue may be gaining too much focus , says Garlasco from HRW , and could be " a red herring . "
Sara Roy , a senior research scholar at the Center for Middle Eastern Studies at Harvard University , agrees .
" While it is important to pay attention to these weapons , the majority of Gazans are being killed by typical military operations .
I am a scholar and I use words carefully , and this seems like a massacre . "
• Joshua Mitnick contributed reporting from Tel Aviv .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
For those of you wondering if we can have a more civil discourse over food and agriculture in this country , American Farm Bureau President Bob Stallman has an answer for you :
Fat chance !
According to Stallman [ MS Word ] , the top challenge facing farmers is n’t the rising cost of seed , fertilizer , and pesticides .
Or the alarming growth of superweeds ( a new report says that over 50 percent of fields in Missouri harbor weeds resistant to the herbicide RoundUp , upon which the entire GMO production style is based ) .
Or the threat posed by climate change , which could reduce U.S. grain yields substantially soon and by 80 percent within decades .
No , the top challenge facing farmers is , and I quote , “ the nonstop criticism of contemporary agriculture . ”
Hoo boy .
And Stallman ’s just warming up :
[ A ] line must be drawn between our polite and respectful engagement with consumers and the way we must aggressively respond to extremists who want to drag agriculture back to the day of 40 acres and a mule .
Our adversaries are skillful at taking advantage of our politeness .
Publicly , they call for friendly dialogue while privately their tactics are far from that .
Who could blame us for thinking that the avalanche of misguided , activist - driven regulation on labor and environment being proposed in Washington is anything but unfriendly .
The time has come to face our opponents with a new attitude .
The days of their elitist power grabs are over .
General George Patton was very quotable .
He said that in times of war , “ Make your plans to fit the circumstances . ”
To those who expect to just roll over America ’s farm and ranch families , my only message is this :
The circumstances have changed .
I would humbly submit that one does not invoke General Patton ( a guy who liked to smack his underlings around when the mood struck ) if one is seeking to establish a more civilized discourse .
And in case you were wondering which extremists Stallman was referring to , it ’s the ones that use “ emotionally charged labels such as : monoculture , factory farmer , industrial food , and big ag . ”
You know , people like Barack Obama .
A good portion of Stallman ’s speech was a call for unity among farmers — whether they are organic , grass - fed types or GMOers — and against , well , us .
But that was n’t all .
There was also an attack on climate change legislation — and this is an angle I think proponents of the bill need to be prepared for — because it will “ cut the number of acres devoted to food production ” — possibly up to 59 million acres , he said — in favor of trees .
This number is highly suspect , of course , having come from a USDA analysis that Ag Chief Tom Vilsack himself has declared flawed .
There was also a hit on developing nations disguised as clear - eyed “ realism ” when Stallman suggested that they would never be able to take responsibility for feeding themselves :
Unfortunately , the hard facts are , that for parts of the world , we cannot improve the depth of topsoil , create rainfall , make the climate more temperate , or ensure economic and social justice for farmers .
Best just to send the GMOs and Roundup , I guess .
Oh , and Stallman , representative of the part of the industry that benefits most from direct , cash payouts from the federal government — on the order of $ 12 billion a year — called for budget austerity for everyone else .
Yes , the AFB is starting its own Deficit Reduction Task Force no doubt to do for the rest of government spending what they ’ve done for agriculture .
And remember , said Stallman , the only “ sustainability ” that matters is “ economic sustainability . ”
Is that before or after you cash your subsidy check , Bob ?
But most of the speech involved an extended , if veiled , suggestion that an attack on conventional agriculture is an attack on abundant , reasonably priced food .
This is , of course , demonstrably false .
The data shows that non-chemically intensive practices yield almost exactly the same .
Yet another inconvenient truth that industry tries to ignore and anyway is sort of beside the point .
What Stallman is really doing is setting the stage for the coming battle over agricultural subsidies , set for renewal in 2012 .
The way things are must not change , suggests Stallman .
And lucky for Stallman , they probably wo n’t .
We received a taste of what ’s to come just the other week when the USDA announced minimal changes to an eligibility rule for subsidies .
It involved the current loose definition of what it means to be “ actively engaged ” in farming and was something that Obama had promised to fix during his campaign , even to the point of making it part of his Rural Agenda .
What happened ?
Well , my sources suggest that none other than Senate Ag Chair Blanche Lincoln , she of the sub - 40 percent polling numbers , could n’t stomach the financial loss to her large - scale rice and cotton - growing constituents that tightening eligibility would entail .
And so , reform got a sucker punch from bare - knuckled politics , which is pretty typical where ag policy is concerned .
Sadly , there remains no political upside to opposing the agricultural status quo .
What ’s truly discouraging in Stallman ’s speech is that he and his compatriots do n’t see the opportunity here .
Forget throwing off the chains of industrial agriculture , what about calling for more farmers ?
Or trying to tap into the growing excitement over food and how it ’s grown ?
Or touting agriculture as a promising and under - appreciated engine of future job growth ?
Or even reveling in the coming financial and technological windfall from climate change mitigation ?
Instead we get paranoid fantasies , accusations of climate hoaxes and even calls to privatize Social Security .
Ah , well .
Better luck next year , eh , Bob ?
MALMO , Sweden , Feb. 17 ( UPI ) -- Young Swedes -- particularly women -- have more fluid definitions than others of sex and sexuality , researchers at Malmo University said .
Sven -Axel Mansson , a Malmo University sociology professor , and colleague Kristian Daneback , said young women are more likely to pursue sexual activities with others of the same gender , the Local reported .
Advertisement
" We are seeing a greater openness among young people , particularly among young women , " Mansson told the newspaper Dagens Nyheter .
" There is an increasing interest in experimenting and pushing boundaries , and a growing resistance to defining oneself as heterosexual , homosexual or bisexual . "
The researchers surveyed 855 young people ages 18 - 24 in an online questionnaire .
Thirty - one percent of young women and 7 percent of young men said they were most often sexually attracted to people of the opposite sex , but sometimes they were attracted to people of their own gender , while 39 percent of the women and 8 percent of the men reported having sexual fantasies about both genders .
Thirteen percent of female respondents and 3 percent of male respondents reported they have had sex with both men and women .
Three - quarters of Japanese social network users access the sites only from their mobile phones .
This observation comes from a survey conducted last year with almost 4,000 social network users in Japan by Mobile Marketing Data Labo .
They found that 75.4 % of respondents only accessed social networking sites from their mobile phone ( and not from their PC ) .
The number only accessing it from their PC ( and not their mobile phone ) was very low at just 2 % .
This is a reflection on the mobile nature of the internet in Japan where 3G penetration stands at 95 % of the market and 85 % of customers have a data plan added to their contract .
This is a much more developed mobile market than we see in Europe or North America and their use of mobile online services is world - leading .
These an other insights into the Japanese mobile social networking market is found in the great presentation below from Alexei Poliakov .
There is much that we can all learn from looking at the use of mobile internet , and the way it has influenced social networks in Japan .
Whilst in other markets the growth in social networks sees a growth the likes of Twitter and Facebook , in Japan , homegrown social networks dominate .
This is , in part , a result of the English - centric focus of these sites , at least initially .
But also mobile social networking leads to a different type of site and different uses by consumers .
In Japan , mixi and Mobage - town and Gree are incredibly successful social networks .
Mixi has a reported 17 million users in Japan , compared with 1.4 million Facebook users and about half a million Japanese people on Twitter .
These social networks are very different in two main ways :
They put gaming either central to or highly within the user experience .
Facebook and Twitter tend to be about content exchange or organisation whereas the Japanese social networks have a strong gaming element that attracts and connects users .
Premium content is often paid - for .
Mixi , in particular , provides premium content and features at a fee to users and this is easily done by adding it to their mobile bill .
( This trend explained the rumours that Twitter would charge for access in Japan )
Whilst it is unlikely that other markets will necessarily develop in the same way , it is interesting to see how these sites work and operate in Japan .
An increasing penetration of 3G access and data - plan adoption in Europe , and the US , will see more and more people using their mobile as a major access point to the internet in 2010 .
And with social networking sites from Facebook to Twitter becoming more mobile friendly ( such as the launch of push notifications on the iPhone from the Facebook app this week in the UK ) it is likely that use of social networks from mobile devices will increase this year .
So we should learn more about what is happening in the more developed mobile markets like Japan .
Whether it is simple things – such as brands allowing customers to complete a whole journey ( from social networking site to purchased item ) on convenient mobile platforms .
Or more complex things – such as the adoption of paid - for add - ons to the mobile social networking experience .
There is a lot for us to observe and a lot we should experiment with .
A summary of App Engine
At Wolfire , we have been using Google App Engine for quite some time .
To recap : App Engine is a platform where you can write a web application using a humble set of APIs via Python or Java , and you can deploy this code on Google 's infrastructure .
I have written about it in more depth here .
This represents the commoditization of App Engine This represents the commoditization of App Engine
This is very different from virtual private servers , where you manage the entire operating system , complete with a virtualized hard drive and other virtual hardware .
An App Engine app is simply a set of Python or Java files , with a few YAML files for housekeeping .
With most hosting services , you can use MySQL , MongoDB , Berkeley DB , a flat text file , or an infinite number of other ways to store data .
On App Engine , there is a single API to use called the Datastore .
It looks sort of like this :
class Order( db. Model ) :
product = db. StringProperty ( )
name = db. StringProperty ( )
o = Order ( product= ' Overgrowth ' , name= ' Jeff ' )
o.put ( )
You just write pure Python or Java code according to an open source SDK , and then Google takes this code and puts it on an unknown and variable number of servers in an unknown and variable part of the world .
But App Engine is proprietary ...
Many people have criticized App Engine for being proprietary and closed , which causes vendor lock - in .
This is fair criticism .
It is true that Google 's implementation of the App Engine API on their end , using BigTable and other technologies , is totally proprietary .
However , App Engine at its core is simply an API .
Google even provides an open source implementation of the spec , which is useful for running it locally on your computer -- granted , it is not remotely designed for production use .
In other words , I have all of the code for this very blog on my computer .
I have all of my blog posts and other datastore entities backed up in an open format .
In fact , I can run a clone of the blog on my local computer using an open source implementation of the App Engine SDK provided by Google .
However , the only production ready infrastructure is provided by Google , so I am largely locked in .
I would need to write a non-trivial amount of code if I wanted to migrate the Wolfire website and blog to a different platform .
Enter AppScale
However , this is about to change in a big way .
I 'd like to draw your attention to a rapidly developed open - source project called AppScale , developed by the RACELab at UC Santa Barbara .
AppScale is an extremely promising open source implementation of the App Engine API .
It is designed to run on a number of infrastructures such as Xen , KVM , Eucalyptus , and Amazon EC2 .
If that does n't mean much to you , it basically means that you can deploy your App Engine site to a wide variety of platforms , or more interestingly , to competing cloud providers such as Amazon EC2 -- or a private cloud provider .
The commoditization of the cloud
This has huge ramifications for Google App Engine , and the future of web application hosting in general .
When AppScale becomes mature enough , this means that Akamai , Rackspace , Linode , and hundreds of other companies with the right infrastructure will be able to host any App Engine app .
This has already been sort of true for general purpose hosting -- e.g. you can write a webapp on Slicehost , and move it to Linode or EC2 .
However , this is a non-trivial process .
What 's so interesting about App Engine and AppScale is that since all of the App Engine applications are created using a very narrowly defined , standard SDK , and the platform is 100 % open in terms of data migration , you could theoretically migrate from Google to say , SliceHost , in a single click , completely automatically with zero downtime .
Given this ease of migration , if anyone creates the slightest reason to switch to their infrastructure , you might see thousands of apps moving immediately .
Google 's massively prized infrastructure has just become commoditized .
The Wolfire Blog could be running on Google in the morning , casually migrate to an Amazon EC2 instance in the afternoon , and then perhaps stroll over to Rackspace in the evening .
If one service leapfrogs another , you could press the button again , and seamlessly move to that one .
You could even have your app running on many " clouds " simultaneously .
At first glance , this commoditization sounds pretty unfortunate for Google .
However , do n't feel too sorry -- Google is actually funding the AppScale project ( along with research grants from the National Science Foundation ) .
Why would Google want this to happen ?
Google is not really in the business of nickel and diming developers for web hosting .
It is really hard to get this sort of information from Google and the App Engine team , but I doubt Google was expecting to ever turn a profit from App Engine , or even come close .
I believe App Engine 's mission was to ensure that there is a platform available for easily creating web applications and to drive the cost as low as possible .
Like Google 's massive investments on Chrome , it all comes back to keeping the web as open as possible , so that Google can monetize it using AdSense .
Commoditization is not necessarily cheap
I predict that the emergence of AppScale will not actually drive prices down any further .
For all but the largest web apps , Google App Engine 's free quota is so generous that many people ( including us ) do n't pay a dime .
Actually that is not true : Google charged us 11 cents a few weeks ago when we did nearly half a million visits due to appearing on Digg , Slashdot , Reddit , etc. at the same time !
Quite the contrary : I believe this will create a market for more expensive backends which outperform Google on a given metric , such as running instances of your app worldwide for localized performance , offering beefier , more dedicated hardware to reduce latencies , or perhaps features like not blocking the countries of Cuba , Iran , Iraq , North Korea , Syria , and Sudan from accessing your web app [ 1 ] .
The fact that App Engine is virtually free is awesome to attract hobbyists , free hosting is actually not a huge selling point to most companies .
If you are running a promotion , or selling a product , often the last thing you care about is a small monthly fee for web hosting .
I appreciate the free ride , but I actually am willing to pay for better service , such as having a local instance running in Europe .
Google App Engine is fast , but it is nothing compared to say , Akamai 's EdgePlatform .
If Akamai runs AppScale on their global network and offers a one click migration path onto it , they will instantly get tens of thousands of apps migrating over , even if it costs several times as much as Google .
Likewise , if someone one ups Akamai , all of those apps will instantly move to the new service .
There are going to be a lot of really interesting choices for App Engine developers very soon .
The Committee concluded : “ Mr Binley breached the rules of the House relating to claims against the Additional Costs Allowance and that this was a serious matter — particularly so for the period from April 2007 , when the deadline for bringing his second home arrangements within the revised rules had expired .
The breach was sustained and it was deliberate .
We regard this … as a serious failure of his duty under the Code of Conduct to ensure at all times that his use of allowances provided from the public purse is strictly in accordance with the rules . ”
When last we left the Federal Communications Commission 's investigation of the early termination fees ( ETFs ) that wireless companies charge consumers to drop their mobile phone contracts early , Commissioner Mignon Clyburn was concerned .
In fact , she was unsatisfied , troubled , and even " alarmed " at Verizon 's explanations for why the company now sets its ETF price tag for smart phones at a hefty $ 350 .
" I look forward to exploring this issue in greater depth with my colleagues in the New Year , " her statement concluded .
Guess she was n't kidding .
On Monday , the agency sent fresh letters of inquiry to just about everyone : AT&T , Google , Sprint - Nextel , T - Mobile , and Verizon ( again ! ) .
And the FCC had some particularly pointed questions about the Google T - Mobile Nexus One .
Your rationale
The FCC is " investigating options for improving consumer information and transparency about communications services and fees , including ETFs , " these five missives note .
And , they add , there does n't seem to be any standard industry - wide practice around early fees .
Thus , " the absence of a standard framework makes it especially important that consumers have a clear understanding of terms and practices of individual companies , which will allow them to compare services offered by different providers on a clear and consistent basis . "
Hence these queries — such as : Which of your service plans include ETFs ?
How much of a hardware discount do consumers get in exchange for a long term contract ?
Can consumers buy smart phones at full price and thus avoid an ETF ?
Last comes the Big Question ( number 12 ) : " Press reports and public statements from wireless companies have attributed ETFs to several different factors , " the Commission asks .
" What is the rationale for your ETF ( s ) , and how specifically do the structure and level of those ETF ( s ) relate to that rationale ? "
Double surprise
The answers from Google and T - Mobile ought to be particularly interesting .
The FCC 's letter to T - Mobile notes that , unique among the big carriers , the telco offers lower monthly rates to consumers who purchase a handset outright .
On the other hand , buying a two year contract for , then gradually discovering that you no longer want , your Google - made / T- Mobile - networked Nexus One carries a hefty financial risk .
As we 've reported , should you decide to pull out of the deal within 120 days of starting contract , Google 's got a $ 350 Equipment Recovery
Fee waiting for you .
Plus , T - Mobile tacks on its own $ 200 for cancellations within the first four months of the agreement .
Grand total : $ 550 bucks on your credit card — although you wo n't get charged ( as much ) if you cancel within the first two weeks of your purchase and send back the phone .
" The combination of ETFs from Google and T - Mobile for the Nexus One is also unique among the four major national carriers , " the FCC observes .
" Consumers have been surprised by this policy and by its financial impact .
Please let us know your rationale (s ) for these combined fees , and whether you have coordinated or will coordinate on these fees and on the disclosure of their combined effect . "
The FCC 's letter to Google adds that it regards Google 's " Equipment Recovery Fee " as an ETF .
The companies have until Tuesday , February 23 to fork over their replies to this latest probe , though they can request confidential treatment if they want .
Google has done this before , sending a redacted response to the FCC following the Commission 's request for more information about Apple 's decision to block Google Voice from the AT&T networked iPhone .
Avoiding the burden
Meanwhile , the ETF lawsuits continue .
Most major carriers have settled class actions related to them over the last year or two , often over the issue of flat - rate ETFs that do n't decline as the contract nears its end .
AT&T and a pair of law firms from Los Angeles and New Jersey are now in settlement negotiations following another such suit claiming that the flat rate ETFs AT&T charged consumers between January 1 , 1998 through November 4 , 2009 were unlawful .
Those were the non-prorated , full price ETFs that consumers found on their credit cards even if they quit their contract just days before it expired .
" AT&T Mobility strongly denies any wrongdoing , but has agreed to settle to avoid the burden and cost of further litigation , " the class action suit 's website says .
AT&T Mobility will pay $ 16 million in cash and $ 2 million in non-cash benefits into a settlement fund , according to the notice .
The case is being overseen in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey .
It follows recent settlements in which T - Mobile agreed to pay $ 11 million and Sprint settled for $ 14 million over flat rate ETFs .
Many smart phone contracts are now pro-rated — Verizon 's go down $ 10 a month through the life of the deal .
In this case the burning sensation is " delicious , " not " first degree and could result in your death . "
And apparently it really works too , although the advertised " time to awaken " period seems a bit too long for my taste .
Advertisement
Effective over an area of 50 feet , the Wasabi alarm can typically wake people up within two - and - a - half minutes .
Update :
This is a non-traditional fire alarm , for the deaf community .
With that in mind , this could certainly save lives .
Two years ago this alarm was but a concept .
Now it 's a $ 560 ( ?!?!) reality .
[ CNET via Technabob ]
In 2008 , Esquire published 75 Skills Every Man Should Master and Popular Mechanics published a list of 100 Skills Every Man Should Know .
My list was inspired by those , but it was Jason who mentioned that someone should do a list of gender neutral skills ; I ’ve been working on this on and off since then .
A few of the items could read as attributes , but I think they ’re all acquirable skill sets .
Some have links to tips and articles attached — eventually all the items will link out , but I ’d like all the links to be valuable .
I figured you guys would be a better resource than a search engine .
If you ’ve read anything recently that you think could be helpful in acquiring one of these skills , please leave the link in comments .
I ’ll update with links as we go , and suggestions for skills are also welcome .
Without further ado , here are my 100 Skills Everyone Should Master :
1 . Set goals
2. Keep a plant alive
3 . Care for a baby :
How to Hold a Newborn Baby
The Five Ss from The Happiest Baby on the Block will soothe most fussy babies
4. CPR
5 . Feel confident naked
6. Interview for a job
7 . Bake a birthday cake
8 . Use a fire extinguisher
9 . Use a compass
10 . Express condolences
11 . Tell a joke
12 . Remember names
13 . Sharpen a knife
14 . Dump a poisonous friend
15 . Check your oil and tires
16 . Relax / Meditate
17 . Apologize
18 . Be polite
19 .
Get a good night ’s sleep
20 .
Dress appropriately for the situation
21 . Type
22 . Fight fair
23 . Read
24 .
Ask for exactly what you want
25 . Trap a rat or mouse
26 . Basic stretches and / or yoga poses
Yoga Sequence for the Novice ( Thanks , Kelli )
27 . Heimlich
28 . Please a partner sexually
29 .
Tell your partner what you want in bed
30 .
Shine your shoes
31 . Make your case in writing
32 . Tie a scarf or tie ( bowtie too ) :
Scarf Tying Guide ( Thanks , Louise )
33 . Jump a car
34 . Mix a signature drink
35 . Delegate
36 .
Make a simple meal for company
37 . Give a neckrub
38 . Drive a stick
39 .
Ride a bike
40 . Swim
41 . Use chopsticks
Chopstick Etiquette ( Thanks , Mindy )
42 . Make a new friend
43 . Build something simple ( ie : shelf , desk , treehouse )
44 . Change a tire and put on snow chains ( thanks , Toni )
45 . Give a toast
46 . Make a perfect egg
The Great Fried Egg Tutorial ( Thanks , Tara )
47 . Speak in public :
Public Speaking Made Easy
48 . Improve your mood
49 . Simple mending ( Thanks , Maureen )
50 .
Travel light :
Rick Steve ’s Packing Light Tips ( Thanks , Sandy )
51 . Steam vegetables
52 . Negotiate
53 .
Be a good listener
54 .
Be alone comfortably
55 . Select good produce :
List of seasonal produce generated by state and month
Locavore App for iPhone ( Thanks , Samantha )
56 . Maintain your weight :
The Steve Ward Diet
57 .
Build savings :
The Wealthy Barber isan accessible book that teaches the basics of personal finance
58 . Say no / disappoint someone
59 .
Use a drill
60 .
Flexibility / equanimity in the face of the unexpected
61 . Make small talk
The Rich Resonance of Small Talk by Roxanne Roberts ( Thanks , Pamela )
62 . Skip a rock
63 .
Set personal boundaries :
The Relationship Two - Step by Martha Beck
64 . Organize your home
65 . Deliver a eulogy :
How to Give a Eulogy
by Tom Chiarella
66 . Shuffle a deck of cards
67 . Dance socially
68 . Know a second language
69 .
Win the affection of a dog or cat
70 .
Write a quality love letter
71 . Play one card game well
72 . Eat healthfully
73 . Create a budget
74 .
Take a decent photo
75 .
Order the wine
76 . Know what makes you happy
77 . Flirt
78 . Make a good first impression
79 .
Write a thank you note :
How to Write a Thank You Note by Leslie Harpold
80 .
Find a perfect gift
81 . Assertiveness
82 . Arriving on time
83 .
Make a little kid laugh
84 . Kiss well
85 . Make a good mix tape
86 . Tie basic knots :
IWillKnot.com
87 . Dress to flatter your shape
88 . Build a campfire
89 .
Change the subject
90 .
Acquire or shed a habit
91 . Treat a hangover :
Hangover Cures by The Morning News
92 .
Be a good judge of character
93 . Season a cast - iron skillet
94 .
Give a compliment
95 .
Accept a compliment
96 . Contribute in group situations
97 . Judge yourself by your own yardstick
98 . Calculate the tip :
Michelle said this in comments , and it ’s what I do too : Simple trick to calculating a tip .
Move the decimal over one place and double that total .
So , if your bill is $ 100.00 , it would be $ 10.00 x2 = $ 20 .
Or if your bill is $ 5.23 , your tip should be .52 x2 = $ 1.04
99 .
Ask for a raise ( Thanks , Amber . )
100 .
Build a shelter
Good reader suggestions :
- Do a load of laundry
- Keep your living space clean ( Thanks , Megan )
- Write legibly ( Thanks , Robin )
- Choose a good mate ( Thanks , Pamela )
- Ask for help ( Thanks , Mavis )
“ We are trying to make that driving experience one that is very engaging , ” said Jim Buczkowski , the director of global electrical and electronics systems engineering at Ford .
“ We also want to make sure it is safer and safer .
It is part of what our DNA will be going forward . ”
Ford ’s new MyFord system lets the driver adjust temperature settings or call a friend while the car is in motion , while its built - in Web browser works only when the car is parked .
Audi says it will similarly restrict access to complex and potentially distracting functions .
But in general , drivers will bear much of the responsibility for limiting their use of these devices .
Computer chips and other components improve every year while dropping in cost , allowing carmakers to introduce more sophisticated devices .
Harman , based in Stamford , Conn. , and a maker of such systems for cars , has created a pair of high - end multimedia systems due out this year that use full - fledged PC chips from Intel and Nvidia .
Such chips once consumed too much electricity to be used in cars .
“ We have always looked at the PC market with envy , ” said Sachin Lawande , the chief technology officer at Harman , which works with Audi , BMW , Mercedes , Toyota and others .
“ They ’ve always had these great chips we could not use , but now that ’s changing . ”
A complex new dashboard console from Ford , which it plans to unveil Thursday , brings the car firmly into the land of electronic gadgets .
The 4.2 - inch color screen to the left of the speedometer displays information about the car , like the fuel level , while a companion screen on the right shows things like the name of a cellphone caller or the title of the digital song file being played .
An eight - inch touch screen tops the central console , displaying things like control panels and , when the car is not moving , Web pages .
The system has Wi-Fi capability , two U.S.B. ports and a place to plug in a keyboard  in short , many of the features of a standard PC .
Image
The MyFord system lets a driver make a call while the car is in motion , but its
Web browser works only when the car is parked .
Credit ...
Ford
The automakers ’ efforts are backed by companies that make chips for PCs and that want to see their processors slotted into the 70 million cars sold worldwide each year .
We understand that no two clients are the same , so you can be confident that our bespoke vending service is entirely flexible to suit you .
Designed to be a fuss - free experience , we can regularly clean , stock and maintain your vending machines .
This means you ’ll have complete peace of mind that they will always be compliant with all industry specifications , brimming with high quality products and in tip top , hygienic condition .
If you are looking for further information , our vending machine specialists will be more than happy to discuss your requirements with you .
Thanks to us , the American Public and our tax dollars .
Oh and those JP Morgan bonus checks are going up 18 % , YIPPPEEEEEE !!!!!
But , when will the American Public be " made whole " .
When is that bailout ferry coming down Main Street ?
Because it continues to pass us by ....
The anger out in Main Street is real ....
U.S. financial giant JPMorgan Chase said Friday it broke its revenue record in 2009 , earned $ 11.7 billion in profits and would bump bonus checks 18 percent .
The bank is the first financial behemoth to release official records covering a controversial year in which taxpayers and politicians fumed over paychecks incomprehensible to some so soon after an industry bailout , The New York Times reported .
For 2009 , JPMorgan set aside $ 26 billion for salaries and bonus checks for its employees -- an average of $ 272,000 per worker , although some checks would be far greater than that .
And the new tax that President Obama wants to put in place ?
Let us see how far that will go because so far , anything dealing with Wall Street has gone Wall Street 's way from this administration .
Is this tax a good political move for the Obama White House ?
Yes .
Especially since many Americans feel this White House has not done enough to regulate these banks , push legislation against these banks , and have a compromised Treasury Secretary in Tim Geithner .
For this , the public is not asleep at what is going on .
AN Afghan man strangled his wife with her veil after complaining she was " becoming Australian " , a jury has heard .
Mother of five Marzieh Rahimi , who was said to be trying to escape a violent arranged marriage , was killed in front of her baby and toddler .
Soltan Ahmad Azizi , 45 , has pleaded not guilty to her murder at their Hampton Park home in November 2007 .
The Supreme Court heard yesterday that Ms Rahimi , 33 , had told social workers her husband had branded her a slave with no rights .
Prosecutor Peter Rose , SC , told the jury Ms Rahimi had complained her husband punched her and said her only purpose was to have babies and raise children .
Ms Rahimi , who spoke little English and communicated through an interpreter , had told a family violence officer and a health worker that she wanted to leave the marriage , but that she felt powerless , unsupported and fearful .
In his opening address , Mr Rose told jurors that when Mr Azizi learned she 'd talked to outsiders he told her she was shaming him and must stop .
" I 'll kill you because I can't carry the shame , " he allegedly said when she spoke of separation or divorce .
The jury heard that about a week before his wife 's death , Mr Azizi complained to his sister - in - law that she was " becoming Australian and had changed her religion " .
The cousins wed in an arranged marriage and came to Australia as refugees in 2005 .
Their eldest children were aged 11 , nine and six .
Mr Azizi told police he did n't plan to kill Ms Rahimi .
He said he punched her , then " choked her with her veil " ; he then rang 000 , telling the operator , " I killed my wife ... come see .
You come .
My kids are only little . "
Police found Ms Rahimi on the floor with her baby , three months , and toddler , 22 months , nearby .
" I 'm ready for the handcuffs , " he allegedly told them .
Defence lawyer Stratton Langslow urged the jury to consider whether Ms Rahimi 's claims of domestic violence were prompted by post-natal depression .
He said they should examine the source of the abuse complaints and whether there was any independent evidence of ill - treatment .
Mr Langslow said Mr Azizi admitted killing his wife , but the issue was whether he'd meant to .
The jury heard that after one incident , in which she said Mr Azizi repeatedly punched her , she locked herself in a room for several days with her youngest children .
He then began to treat her better , she 'd said .
The trial , before Justice Betty King , is continuing .
Originally published as Children saw mum killed
War -orphan Faustin Mugisa , 8 , who has machete scars on his head and body , stands at the Kizito orphanage in Bunia in northeastern Congo February 24 , 2009 .
Mugisa was left for dead in a pile of corpses when ethnic Lendu militiamen hacked to death his mother and seven siblings in 2003 .
Mugisa 's father discovered him alive and took him to the bush to recover , but his father was later hacked to death by the same militia group .
Ethnic violence has simmered for years in northeastern Congo , part of broader civil and regional conflict currently uprooting hundreds of thousands of Congolese fleeing massacres and reprisal killings by various armed groups roaming the country 's vast and lawless wilds .
( REUTERS / Finbarr O'Reilly ) #
By the fashion world 's decree , the miniskirt will be a hot item this spring .
Sadly , tastemakers failed to check with the rape apologist population , who assume that a woman in a short skirt is signaling for sex .
Advertisement
As Anna North discussed earlier , the results of an online poll conducted in Britain and called " Wake Up To Rape " were grim , but not shocking to many female writers , self - described feminists or otherwise .
Advertisement
In the Daily Mail , writer Jenni Murray discusses her own rape which occurred more than 30 years ago - but provides some circular reasoning as to why it was both her fault and not her fault she " got " raped .
Murray describes going out with her friends , getting drunk , going with her friends to an older man 's apartment and continuing the drinking party .
Eventually , her friends left and the man decided to assault her - despite her saying she did not want to have sex and trying to leave , the man eventually punched her in the face and raped her .
Still , Murray argues that despite her unwillingness to have sex , and her vocalizing that unwillingness , she should have taken the proper precautions .
She would advise women in her position :
[ A]t least by taking responsibility for the amount she drinks , and thinking before going to a man 's house , a woman would be giving herself the best chance of being safe and , should the worst happen , convincing a jury she had done everything to protect herself .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
On the Sexist blog , Amanda Hess attacks the reasoning behind Murray 's statements , wondering how we could have possibility reached this state of affairs :
" When a woman says no , she means no .
And that 's true , even if her clothes are saying the opposite , " Murray writes , as if a piece of clothing could provide consent for any sex act with any person . [...]
Under Murray 's theory , wearing a short skirt signals that a woman is sexually available to anyone who happens to see her wearing the short skirt .
The social cue provided by this inanimate object is to be trusted beyond a woman 's actual words ( " no " ) or actions ( desperate attempts at escape ) .
Furthermore , this sartorial secret code ( short skirt = down to fuck anyone ) is accepted not only by rapists , but by society at large - including rape victims , police officers , and jurors .
And what if a woman who does not want to have sex with any and all bystanders decides to put on a short skirt ?
Her punishment for breaking the code is getting punched in the face and raped .
Advertisement
Tracy Clark
Flory reminds us that the responses to the survey are really just a well - worn defense mechanism :
Rules give the illusion of control ; if you abide by them , you 'll be safe .
Thinking of rape as it is — a random , unwarranted violation — can be terrifying and paralyzing .
It 's much easier to think about any kind of assault as being predictably triggered , and therefore preventable .
It 's a sort of armor women can put on to feel safe and invulnerable .
Advertisement
As I read through all the discussions of why women feel like victim blaming makes them safer , another question kept rising to the front of my mind : why do some men believe they are entitled to sex , even if that entitlement ends in rape or sexual assault ?
I suppose I think of these things differently now .
When I wrote about being sexually assaulted , I focused more on the events that occurred .
What I did n't discuss was the strange brew of feelings that occurs when you find out someone you know is a rapist .
After attending the trial , and listening to the testimony of the last person being convicted of the brutal gang rape that occurred in my neighborhood , I often wondered why someone I knew would do that to another human being .
The kid I knew played guitar , smoked a lot of weed , and cracked jokes like he was going to become a comedian one day .
How could he be part of that ?
Advertisement
More to the point - how could any of the boys convicted ( at the time , four of the six were minors ) participate in something such as that ?
Even if the testimony at the trial was completely true , that there was one ringleader who forced the girl to have sex , who did most of the beating that left her face black and blue , the one who the other boys may have been afraid of , it still does n't explain things .
It does n't explain why there were five people in the room when the rape occurred , who could have stopped it , but chose not to .
Advertisement
It does n't explain why one boy felt so uncomfortable with the situation that he left - but he did n't tell anyone else , he just preferred not to be involved .
It does n't explain why , during the despicable act , the boys who said they did n't agree with what was happening still lined up to take their turn with the girl anyway .
Advertisement
Sometimes I think society focuses more on the women who " get " raped than the men who are rapists because we 're afraid to find out , or face , the truth .
I was drunk , wearing a short skirt and agreed to go back to his house .
Does that REALLY mean I deserved to be raped ?
[ Daily Mail ]
On Short Skirts [ Washington City Paper ]
Why women blame rape victims [ Broadsheet ]
Original Essay : The Not Rape Epidemic [ Racialicious ]
Advertisement
Earlier : Study : Women , Young People Blame Victims For Sexual Assault
Fuller recently announced plans to launch a new entertainment company Music mogul Simon Fuller has teamed up with celebrity blogger Perez Hilton to create a new TV boyband .
The former Spice Girls manager wants the new show , titled Boy Band , to find a group " for the next generation " .
In a post on his website , Hilton said : " We are looking for the best , brightest and boldest ! "
Fuller and Hilton will be joined by pop music tour director Jamie King , who was behind Britney Spear 's 2009 Circus Tour and Madonna 's Sticky and Sweet tour .
Potential boyband stars aged between 13 and 21 are asked to upload their audition tapes to the show 's website .
Hilton , who has his own record label , Perezcious , added : " This is a boyband unlike any other before .
All of the members will sing .
All of the members will dance .
" Finding our talented group wo n't be easy , but the end result is going to be so worth it .
I can hear the screaming girls already ! "
Global hits
Fuller is one of Britain 's most successful music managers , masterminding acts such as the Spice Girls , S Club 7 , Will Young and Kelly Clarkson .
His TV shows , including Pop Idol , American Idol and So You Think You Can Dance , have gone on to become global hits .
He also guides the careers of David and Victoria Beckham .
Fuller said : " Boybands have always been at the heart of pop culture , with huge potential to excite a massive audience ...
Together we will do everything to ensure that whoever is discovered becomes one of the most successful groups in recent years . "
Earlier this week Fuller announced plans to launch a new entertainment company .
He had been expected to step up to run US firm CKX , to whom he sold his company 19 , but has chosen to set up a new venture , while continuing to work with CKX on a number of projects , including American Idol .
Robert Sillerman , chairman and CEO of CKX said he was " thrilled " about the new arrangement with Fuller .
Fuller said : " This is the beginning of another important chapter in my life .
As an entrepreneur I feel I am about to enter my prime years , and starting a new entertainment company at this moment fills me with great excitement . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I 've had almost 12 hours to digest Google 's first - ever Search commercial , " Parisian Love , " which debuted Super Bowl Sunday and I watched again on , naturally , YouTube .
The second time I watched it , it hit me pretty much the way my second viewing of the film Bridges of Madison County did : I was emotionally moved .
Years ago , my wife rented the Clint Eastwood , Meryl Streep weepfest , and I could barely stay in the room .
I hated its sentimentality , slow pace , and mawkish tone .
Then , a year or so later , I was home alone and it was on again .
I do n't know why I watched it , but I was transported , and every idea I dismissed as ridiculous the first time , I suddenly totally got .
That 's what happened with the Google ad .
Slipped in among the in - your - face Super Bowl ads from Doritos , Bud Light , and Go Daddy , Google 's all - text search tale about life , love , and more in Paris could n't even hold my attention .
I saw the queries buzzing by and how they seemed to tie together into some story , that , to be honest , I did not even get .
Google tied up the whole thing with a nice pink bow of a tag - line , " Search On . "
Oh , brother .
I tweeted my displeasure and noticed how some people had the opposite reaction .
A few called it the best Super Bowl ad of the night .
The more I heard about how much people loved the ad , the more I wondered if I had missed something .
So , I watched it again online .
It 's a simple story the best ones usually are : A guy decides to study abroad .
He quickly meets a French girl who thinks he 's cute and whom he tries to impress with his knowledge of all things French .
The guy heads back home and a long - distance relationship is attempted .
Soon , though , he 's seeking a full - time job in France .
Eventually , they 're married in Paris and starting a family .
All of this is played out through Google search queries and results .
Multiple Google services are used , such as Translate and Google Maps .
In the background are the faintest of sound effects , including a baby crying at the end when the search is for " how to assemble a crib . "
I admit , I felt a little twinge the tiniest chill when I watched the commercial again .
More importantly , I got Google 's message .
Despite all the brand extensions into phone sales , operating systems , information and idea management , communication , space exploration , and more , Google is still , at its core , about search .
Other commentators noted that we know this already , so why waste all that money telling us again ?
Fair point , but this commercial was not about telling us what we already know .
It was Google 's clearest positioning statement in years , and one I think it thought was necessary in the face of the growing number of Microsoft Bing search engine " attack ads . "
Microsoft 's Bing ads never mention Google by name , but we all know the target .
They show people asking others simple questions and getting crazy , seemingly random answers that also happen to fit the query string .
What Microsoft 's trying to say is that Google 's search engine does give you results , but the ones you want could be buried or obscured by errata .
By the way , Google 's ad does n't just deliver an emotional wallop .
It 's also a demonstration of prowess .
The search results come fast and , obviously , are delivered as spot on .
I 've for sometimes losing sight of why we use the site .
As Microsoft argues , and I often agree , good results can be obscured by too much clutter sponsored links shove my relevant results down .
On the other hand , I 'd be the first one to admit that when I 've really needed it , Google gets the job done .
At the recent , I stood outside the Yerba Buena Conference Center , peering through the two slightly ajar double doors where I spotted someone I recognized .
He 's an actor , a British one .
He 's funny , relatively well known , and a Twitter star .
Everyone around me seemed to know him as well , but no one could remember his name .
Not knowing was driving me crazy , so I brought up Google search on my Blackberry Bold and typed in this exact string : " twitter star british funny tech . "
Inside the fifth result from the top , I spotted the actor 's name : Stephen Fry.
Nicely done , Google .
Google 's Super Bowl message is clear :
We give you the search results you want to help propel you forward .
The " On " in the " Search On " slogan is not about doing more of it , but about moving forward in life through search .
This does n't make me like the slogan any more it smacks of 1960 's flower - child - dude-ism , but I can now see it as a powerful marketing statement .
Bing may be about a search that 's ostensibly better than its competitors , but Google is about searching for and finding things that matter in life .
So , yeah , Google got me after all * sniff . *
Representatives Paul Ryan ( R - Wis ) and Devin Nunes ( R - CA ) introduce " A Roadmap to America 's Future " which advocates the privatization of Social Security .
Funny thing about Republicans .
They seem determined to NEVER learn lessons from the past .
Which can be the only reason why Rep. Paul Ryan has reintroduced legislation to eliminate Medicare and privatize Social Security --a GOP pet project that spent all the political capital that Bush felt he earned with his re-election .
His " Social Security - palooza " tour , designed to drum up populist support , actually had the opposite affect and set the administration back on its heels and backing off - - a rare defeat for the destructive neo-con plans of the Bushies .
Say it with me now : THIRD RAIL .
Seriously , you nimrods , you do n't go after the well - being of Grandma and Grandpa without some serious negative political ramifications , no matter what the lunatic fringe teabagging set says .
Not content to let Ryan & Co. merely self - immolate on this , Representatives John Larson ( D - CT ) and Linda Sanchez ( D - CA ) have introduced a resolution clearly stating their opposition to this " roadmap " guaranteed to get Americans lost :
Bank CEOs to answer for financial crisis
WASHINGTON ( CNNMoney.com ) --
As lawmakers start trickling back to Washington , a panel tasked with investigating the financial crisis is set to make its first big splash .
The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission , a 10 - member panel appointed last summer by Congress , will hold public hearings on Wednesday and Thursday .
Digg
Buzz Up !
Email
Print
Quick Vote
Should the federal government impose special fees on banks in order to recoup some of the bailout funds ?
Yes
No
Not sure or View results
First up are four chiefs of some of the best - known and largest banks : Goldman Sachs ( GS , Fortune 500 ) , Morgan Stanley ( MS , Fortune 500 ) , J.P. Morgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) and Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) .
The panel 's chairman , Philip Angelides , said he 's interested in hearing about the banks ' role in creating the crisis as well as finding out how they became " too big to fail . "
The federal government stepped in to prop up the banks in fall 2008 , creating the Troubled Asset Relief Program to help provide them with liquidity .
" We think it made sense to start by bringing up the four biggest investment banks that were involved in so many aspects of the crisis , " said Angelides , former California State Treasurer , who warned about financial sector abuses back in 2002 .
" Many of them had arms that were involved in originating mortgages , some were packaging mortgage securities and some of them were betting against these mortgage securities . "
Lawmakers say the commission was modeled after the Pecora Commission , a panel that was convened after the 1929 Wall Street crash and other events leading to the Great Depression .
The Pecora panel 's findings led to an overhaul of federal banking laws , including the creation of the Glass - Steagall Act of 1933 .
Glass - Steagall divided investment banking from government - insured commercial banking ; ending that separation in the 1990s was seen by some critics as contributing to the current crisis .
Slow start
The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission has taken a while to get up on its feet .
The panel was appointed last July and held its first meeting in September .
It has only started getting staffed up over the past few months .
It has new offices in downtown Washington , a few blocks northeast of the White House .
Funded to the tune of $ 8 million , it aims to employ between 40 and 50 investigators and other staffers .
The crisis panel 's one big goal is to complete a final report , sort of like the final 9/11 Commission report that found federal agencies missed signs of the impending terrorist attacks in 2001 .
The financial crisis report is due Dec. 15 .
Critics have noted the panel 's impact may be blunted by timing , as the House has already passed a bill to overhaul regulations and the Senate is deep in negotiations on similar proposals .
But panel members have consistently pledged their work will serve as more than window dressing for politicians worried about the appearance that they allowed the financial crisis to happen .
The panel , which has subpoena power , plans to issue interim reports as it collects data , Angelides has said .
The panel 's second - in - command is Bill Thomas , a retired California Republican congressman described as strong - willed during his tenure running the powerful Ways and Means Committee .
Other key panel members include : Keith Hennessey , an economic adviser under President George W. Bush ; former Sen. Bob Graham , a Florida Democrat ; and Brooksley Born , a past chairwoman of the Commodities Futures Trading Commission , who called for stronger regulation of complex financial products such as derivatives in the 1990s .
On Wednesday , the panel will swear in bank chiefs Lloyd Blankfein of Goldman Sachs , Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase , John Mack of Morgan Stanley and Brian Moynihan of Bank of America .
The panel did n't invite Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) CEO Vikram Pandit this go round , said panel spokesman Tucker Warren .
" That does n't mean we wo n't be talking with Citigroup , either publicly or privately , in the course of our investigation , " he added .
The chief executives are no strangers to Washington hearings .
Blankfein , Dimon and Mack were seated together last February when a House Financial Services pelted them with questions about the TARP program .
This time around , Angelides said he expects the tone to be " professional " but also " tough , thorough and fair . "
" There 's a real hunger among the people of this country to know what happened , " Angelides said .
" We 're not out to get anyone .
We 're out to get to the bottom of what happened as best we can . "
A preliminary U.S. Geological Survey assessment has found that the sequence of aftershocks following the magnitude 7 earthquake that struck near Port - au - Prince , Haiti on Jan. 12 is likely to continue for months , possibly years .
Though the frequency of aftershocks will decrease over time , there is still potential for quakes large enough to cause more damage in the coming months , and a small possibility of an event larger than the main shock , according to a team of USGS scientists .
Their initial probability estimates for the next 30 days are that there is a 3 percent chance of a magnitude 7 or greater quake , a 25 percent chance of a magnitude 6 or greater quake and a 90 percent chance of a magnitude 5 or greater quake .
" Any aftershock above magnitude 5.0 will be widely felt and has the potential to cause additional damage , particularly to vulnerable , already damaged structures , " according to the USGS statement released Thursday evening .
The forecast is based on the aftershocks Haiti has already experienced and general statistics on aftershocks .
Haiti experienced a magnitude 5.9 aftershock on Wednesday .
The USGS expects two or three more of at least magnitude 5 in the nest 30 days .
The scientists are also concerned because it 's unclear how much of the Enriquillo - Plantain Garden fault , which bounds the North American and Caribbean plates , ruptured in the earthquake .
Analysis of ground deformation at the surface using satellite and aerial photos and preliminary radar data suggests that the segment of the fault directly east of the rupture and directly under Port - au - Prince did not slip .
This means it could rupture in the future .
At least four times in the past , earthquakes as big or bigger than the recent quake have struck Haiti .
Two major quakes struck the capital city in 1751 and 1770 .
For this reason , the USGS cautions that as Port - au - Prince is rebuilt , future seismic risk must be taken into account .
USGS webpage for the January 12 Haiti earthquake and aftershocks
Images : 1 ) NASA / USGS .
2 ) NASA
See Also :
Description :
A printable progress checklist for Mass Effect - keep track of which assignments you 've completed , which planets you 've visited and mined for resources , and which upgrades and licenses you 've purchased .
Great for preparing your Shepard for ME2 , or getting the Completionist Achievement !
Now updated to include the DLC , and to fix a few errors !
The latest version , updates and the Mass Effect 2 Galactic Checklist will always be available at http://masseffect.shockfront.net
--- UPDATE ( September 25th , 2010 ) : This list will now be hosted exclusively at http://masseffect.shockfront.net, where you can always get the latest update and see updates and other news pertaining to the list .
Version 2.6 of this list is coming soon , and it will add a few new features !
Thanks !
Men are more likely to think of women as objects if they have looked at sexy pictures of females beforehand , psychologists said yesterday .
Researchers used brain scans to show that when straight men looked at pictures of women in bikinis , areas of the brain that normally light up in anticipation of using tools , like spanners and screwdrivers , were activated .
Scans of some of the men found that a part of the brain associated with empathy for other people 's emotions and wishes shut down after looking at the pictures .
Susan Fiske , a psychologist at Princeton University in New Jersey , said the changes in brain activity suggest sexy images can shift the way men perceive women , turning them from people to interact with , to objects to act upon .
The finding confirms a long - suspected effect of sexy images on the way women are perceived , and one which persists in workplaces and the wider world today , Fiske said .
" When there are sexualised images in the workplace , it 's hard for people not to think about their female colleagues in those terms .
It spills over from the images to the workplace , " she said .
Speaking at the American Association for the Advancement of Science meeting in Chicago yesterday , Fiske said the findings called into question the impact of sexualised images of women that might be pinned on workplace walls or sent around offices where there was a strong locker - room culture .
" I 'm not saying there should be censorship , but people need to be aware of the associations people will have in their minds , " Fiske said .
In the study , Fiske 's team put straight men into an MRI brain scanner and showed them images of either clothed men and women , or more scantily clad men and women .
When they took a memory test afterwards , the men best remembered images of bikini - clad women whose heads had been digitally removed .
The brain scans showed that when men saw the images of the women 's bodies , activity increased in part of the brain called the premotor cortex , which is involved in urges to take action .
The same area lights up before using power tools to do DIY .
" It 's as if they immediately thought to act on theses bodies , " Fiske said .
In the final part of the study , Fiske asked the men to fill in a questionnaire that was used to assess how sexist they were .
The brain scans showed that men who scored highest had very little activity in the prefrontal cortex and other brain regions that are involved with understanding another person 's feelings and intentions .
" They 're reacting to these women as if they 're not fully human , " Fiske said .
Iran said on Sunday its Internet connections will remain slow this week due to technical problems , ahead of anticipated protests by opposition supporters .
Connections have been slow since last week and some email accounts have been unavailable for several hours each day .
“ The cause of the reduced Internet speed in recent days is that part of the fibre - optic network is damaged , ” Communications Minister Reza Taghipour told Iran ’s state broadcaster .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The breakage will be repaired by next week and the Internet speed will be back to normal , ” he added .
The Iranian week runs from Saturday to Friday .
Taghipour said the undersea optic fibre across the Gulf between the Iranian port of Jask and Fujairah in the United Arab Emirates had been damaged due to shipping traffic and anchoring .
He also acknowledged that text messaging in Iran had been disrupted , blaming it on “ changing software . ”
Iran ’s anti-government protesters have effectively used the Internet and SMS services to organise rallies and spread news and pictures of the demonstrations .
ADVERTISEMENT
Opposition supporters have used every opportunity to take to the streets for protests against President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad whose re-election in June they reject as fraudulent .
They have held demonstrations alongside state - sponsored events over the past months and plan to take to the streets again on the February 11 anniversary of the Islamic revolution when annual state - backed marches are held .
Internet connections have slowed to a crawl on past protest days and mobile phone networks been disrupted .
1 of 1 2 of 1
The 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow were boycotted in protest of the Soviet Union ’s invasion and occupation of Afghanistan .
Then –U.S. president Jimmy Carter announced the boycott in February 1980 , and Canada and dozens of other countries soon followed suit .
In his state of the union address that year , Carter made the case against the Soviet war :
“ The vast majority of nations on Earth have condemned this latest Soviet attempt to extend its colonial domination of others and have demanded the immediate withdrawal of Soviet troops .
The Muslim world is especially and justifiably outraged by this aggression against an Islamic people .
No action of a world power has ever been so quickly and so overwhelmingly condemned .
But verbal condemnation is not enough .
The Soviet Union must pay a concrete price for their aggression . ”
Part of the price the U.S. and its allies imposed was the Olympic boycott , which was explained as a protest in support of Afghanistan ’s right to self - determination and independence , which the Soviets had egregiously violated when their tanks rolled across the border in December 1979 .
A decade of Soviet occupation resulted in the deaths of hundreds of thousands of Afghans and the displacement of millions .
Of course , the U.S. was not a neutral observer in that conflict .
According to a 1998 interview with French newsmagazine the Nouvel Observateur , Zbigniew Brzezinski , who was then Carter ’s national security adviser , boasted that they helped lure the Soviets into invading .
For years , they armed and helped finance the anti-Soviet armed resistance , tending to favour the most ruthless and extremist elements of the insurgency — the fundamentalists who still plague Afghan political life .
Many of Canada ’s athletes were bitterly disappointed in 1980 , but our country ’s authorities assured them that the rights of the people of Afghanistan were worth the sacrifice of their athletic ambitions .
Thirty years later , it is the United States , Canada , and the other NATO countries that are occupying Afghanistan .
Instead of a boycott , the Vancouver 2010 Olympics are being used to promote militarism in general and Canada ’s role in the occupation of Afghanistan in particular .
Who will make these invading countries “ pay a concrete price for their aggression ” ?
For instance , a disproportionate number of Canadian Forces members , 200 , and their families were to participate in the torch relay , whose route involved 14 military bases .
It is widely expected that the opening ceremonies will tout Canada ’s role with NATO in Afghanistan .
Long before the disastrous Soviet occupation in the 1980s , the old British Empire tried and failed three times to subdue the Afghans before finally withdrawing its armies .
As Afghan dissident member of parliament Malalai Joya has pointed out on her visits to Canada , “ The Afghan people want peace , and history teaches that we always reject occupation and foreign domination . ”
Alas , today ’s war is evidence that the lessons of this history go unlearned or unheeded .
Once again countless Afghan lives , as well as the lives of NATO soldiers , have been sacrificed in vain .
The Canadian government claims to support the call for an “ Olympic truce ” , yet in Afghanistan aerial bombings , night raids , and other forms of collective punishment will continue each day of the Games .
The Olympics Charter states that the Games seek to “ promote peace ” , with the goal of “ encouraging the establishment of a peaceful society concerned with the preservation of human dignity ” .
And yet the Canadian government is using the Games to promote its warmaking .
Stephen Harper claims to promote democracy abroad , yet he has prorogued Parliament — suspending the basic functioning of Canada ’s democratic institutions — in order to avoid scrutiny over Canada ’s complicity in the torture of Afghan detainees .
Indeed , just like in Moscow in 1980 , the host governments of the 2010 Olympics have curtailed free speech and restricted civil liberties , and the Canadian government is participating in an illegal and destructive invasion of Afghanistan — and it will do its best not to draw attention to this bit of Olympic history .
Let ’s hope that the media gives some airtime to this historical parallel , lest the Games become just another prime - time venue to uncritically tout Canada ’s military engagements abroad .
Derrick O’Keefe is the cochair of the Canadian Peace Alliance .
How you use your mobile phone has long reflected where you live .
But the spirit of the machines may be wiping away cultural differences
Illustration by James Fryer
TECHNOLOGIES tend to be global , both by nature and by name .
Say “ television ” , “ computer ” or “ internet ” anywhere and chances are you will be understood .
But hand - held phones ?
For this ubiquitous technology , mankind suffers from a Tower of Babel syndrome .
Under millions of Christmas trees North and South Americans have been unwrapping cell phones or celulares .
Yet to Britons and Spaniards they are mobiles or móviles .
Germans and Finns refer to them as Handys and kännykät , respectively , because they fit in your hand .
The Chinese , too , make calls on a sho ji , or “ hand machine ” .
And in Japan the term of art is keitai , which roughly means “ something you can carry with you ” .
This disjunction is revealing for an object that , in the space of a decade , has become as essential to human functioning as a pair of shoes .
Mobile phones do not share a single global moniker because the origins of their names are deeply cultural .
“ Cellular ” refers to how modern wireless networks are built , pointing to a technological worldview in America .
“ Mobile ” emphasises that the device is untethered , which fits the roaming , once - imperial British style .
Handy highlights the importance of functionality , much appreciated in Germany .
But are such differences more than cosmetic ?
And will they persist or give way to a global mobile culture ?
Such questions bear asking .
It is easy to forget how rapidly mobile phones have taken over .
A decade ago , there were fewer than 500 m mobile subscriptions , according to the International Telecommunication Union ( ITU ) .
Now there are about 4.6 billion ( see chart ) .
Penetration rates have risen steeply everywhere .
In rich countries subscriptions outnumber the population .
Even in poor countries more than half the inhabitants have gone mobile .
Dial a number and the odds are three to one that it will cause a mobile phone , rather than a fixed - line one , to ring somewhere on the planet .
As airtime gets cheaper , the untethered masses tend to use their mobiles more .
In early 2000 an average user spoke for 174 minutes a month , according to the GSM Association ( GSMA ) , an industry group .
By early 2009 that had risen to 261 minutes , which suggests that humanity spends over 1 trillion minutes a month on mobiles , or nearly 2 m years .
Nobody can keep track of the flood of text messages .
One estimate suggests that American subscribers alone sent over 1 trillion texts in 2008 , almost treble the number sent the previous year .
Now a further mobile - phone revolution is under way , driven by the iPhone and other “ smart ” handsets which let users gain access to the internet and download mobile applications , including games , social - networking programs , productivity tools and much else besides .
Smart - phones accounted for over 13 % of the 309 m handsets shipped in the third quarter of 2009 .
Some analysts estimate that by 2015 almost all shipped handsets will be smart .
Mobile operators have started building networks which will allow for faster connection speeds for an even wider variety of applications and services .
All alike , all different
Yet these global trends hide starkly different national and regional stories .
Vittorio Colao , the boss of Vodafone , which operates or partially owns networks in 31 countries , argues that the farther south you go , the more people use their phones , even past the equator : where life is less organised people need a tool , for example to rejig appointments .
“ Culture influences the lifestyle , and the lifestyle influences the way we communicate , ” he says .
“ If you do n't leave your phone on in a meeting in Italy , you are likely to miss the next one . ”
Other mundane factors also affect how phones are used .
For instance , in countries where many people have holiday homes they are more likely to give out a mobile number , which then becomes the default where they can be reached , thus undermining the use of fixed - line phones .
Technologies are always “ both constructive and constructed by historical , social , and cultural contexts , ” writes Mizuko Ito , an anthropologist at the University of California in Irvine , who has co-edited a book on Japan 's mobile - phone subculture .
Indeed , Japan is good example of how such subcultures come about .
In the 1990s Americans and Scandinavians were early adopters of mobile phones .
But in the next decade Japan was widely seen as the model for the mobile future , given its early embrace of the mobile internet .
For some time Wired , a magazine for technology lovers , ran a column called “ Japanese schoolgirl watch ” , serving readers with a stream of keitai oddities .
The implication was that what Japanese schoolgirls did one day , everyone else would do the next .
The country 's mobile boom was arguably encouraged by underlying social conditions .
Most teenagers had long used pagers to keep in touch .
In 1999 NTT , Japan 's dominant operator , launched i-mode , a platform for mobile - internet services .
It allowed cheap e-mails between networks and the Japanese promptly signed up in droves for mobile internet .
Ms Ito also points out that Japan is a crowded place with lots of rules .
Harried teenagers , in particular , have few chances for private conversations and talking on the phone in public is frowned upon , if not outlawed .
Hence the appeal of mobile data services .
The best way to grasp Japan 's mobile culture is to take a crowded commuter train .
There are plenty of signs advising you not to use your phone .
Every few minutes announcements are made to the same effect .
If you do take a call , you risk more than disapproving gazes .
Passengers may appeal to a guard who will quietly but firmly explain : “ dame desu ” — it 's not allowed .
Some studies suggest that talking on a mobile phone on a train is seen as worse than in a theatre .
Instead , hushed passengers type away on their handsets or read mobile - phone novels ( written Japanese allows more information to be displayed on a small screen than languages that use the Roman alphabet ) .
Might the Japanese stop talking entirely on their mobiles ?
They seem less and less keen on the phone 's original purpose .
In 2002 the average Japanese mobile user spoke on it for 181 minutes each month , about the global norm .
By early 2009 that had fallen to 133 minutes , then only half the world average .
Nobody knows how many e-mails are sent , but the Japanese are probably even more prolific than text - crazy Indonesians , who average more than 1,000 messages per month on some operators .
No wonder that Tokyo's teenagers have been called the “ thumb generation ” .
Handy if you 're thrifty
Illustration by James Fryer
Others are quiet , too .
On average Germans — who are fond of saying that “ talk is silver , silence is golden ” — spend only 89 minutes each month calling others for Handy - based conversation .
This may be a result of national telephone companies on both sides of the Berlin Wall having exhorted subscribers for years to “ keep it short ” because of underinvestment in the East and rapid economic growth that overtaxed the network in the West .
Germans are also thrifty , suggests Anastassia Lauterbach of Deutsche Telekom .
For longer calls , she says , consumers resort to much cheaper landlines .
In contrast , Americans wo n't shut up .
Their average monthly talk - time is a whopping 788 minutes , though some of this is a statistical illusion because subscribers also pay for incoming calls .
Yet talk is cheap : there is no roaming charge within the United States .
Americans are often in their cars , an ideal spot for phone calls , especially in the many states where driving and talking without headsets is still legal .
The chattiest of all are Puerto Ricans , who have by far the highest monthly average in the world of 1,875 minutes , probably because operators on the American island offer all - you - can - talk plans for only $ 40 , which include calls to the mainland .
This allows Puerto Ricans to chat endlessly with their friends in New York , but may also have arbitrageurs routing cheap international phone calls through the island .
Just how people behave when talking on a mobile phone is a question of culture , at least at first , according to Amapro Lasén , a sociologist at Universidad Complutense in Madrid .
In the early 2000s she studied phone users in the Spanish capital , in Paris and in London .
Mobiles were a common sight , but Parisians and Madrileniens felt freer to talk in the street , even in the middle of the pavement .
Londoners , by contrast , tended to gather in certain zones , for instance at the entrances of tube stations — the sort of place Ms Lasén calls an “ improvised open - air wireless phone booth ” .
In Paris people openly complained when bothered by others talking loudly about intimate matters , but complaints were rare in London .
In both places , people tended to separate phone and face - to - face conversations , for instance by retreating to a quiet corner .
But subscribers in Madrid often mixed them and even allowed others to take part in their phone conversations .
The Spanish almost always take a call and most turn off voicemail .
For Ms Lasén , who has lived in all three cities , such variations reflect how people traditionally use urban space .
In London , she says , the streets are mainly for walking , “ like the bed where the river flows ” .
Paris , however , is a place to stroll , the home of the flâneur .
In Madrid people inhabit the streets to talk together .
As for their aversion to voicemail , the Spanish consider it rude to leave a call unanswered , even if it is inconvenient .
This may be the result of a strong sense of social obligation towards friends and family .
Elsewhere , too , culture and history may help determine whether people talk in public or take a call .
The Chinese often let themselves be interrupted , fearing that otherwise they could miss a business opportunity .
Uzbeks use their mobiles only rarely in public , because the police might be listening .
And Germans can get quite aggressive if people disobey the rules , even unwritten ones .
In 1999 a German man died in a fight triggered by his ill - mannered Handy use .
Economics and other hard factors also shape habits .
Olaf Swantee , the head of Orange 's mobile business , notes that pricey handsets are less popular in Belgium than in Britain because Belgian operators have long been barred from subsidising phones , a strategy widely used on the other side of the Channel .
Italy , however , exhibits both low subsidies and many high - end handsets .
Subscribers there do not want to spend much on airtime , but are keen to buy a flashy phone .
China is distinct because of economics and relatively lax regulation .
Many consumers use shanzhai ( “ bandit ” ) phones , produced by hundreds of small handset - makers based on chips and software from Mediatek , a Taiwanese firm .
Knock - offs are common , with labels such as “ Nckia ” and “ Sumsung ” .
Other innovative manufacturers have developed specialised phones , for instance handsets that can respond to two phone numbers , or models with giant speakers for farmers on noisy tractors .
Elsewhere the physical environment determines which kinds of handsets prevail , says Younghee Jung , a design expert at Nokia , the world 's largest maker of handsets .
In hot India , for instance , men rarely wear jackets , but their shirts have pockets to hold phones — which therefore can not be large .
Indian women keep phones in colourful pouches , less as a fashion statement than as a way to protect the devices and preserve their resale value .
It also makes for a noteworthy contrast with Japan , says Ms Jung .
If women there keep phones in a pouch and decorate them with stickers and straps , that has nothing to do with economics , but reflects the urge to personalise the handset .
Phones are highly subsidised in Japan and the resale value is essentially nil , so it is not unusual to see lost units lying in the gutter .
In some countries it is a common habit to carry around more than one phone .
Japanese workers often have two : a private one and a work one ( which they often turn off so bosses cannot get them at any hour ) .
“ I have one phone for work , one for family , one for pleasure and one for the car , ” says a Middle Eastern salesman quoted in a study for Motorola , a handset - maker .
Having several phones is often meant to signal importance .
Latin American managers , for instance , like to show how well connected they are : some even have a dedicated one for the boss .
As this example suggests , softer factors may influence the choice and design of hardware , even for networks .
If coverage in America tends to be patchy , it is not least because consumers seem willing to endure a lot and changing operators is a hassle .
Elsewhere the reverse is true .
Italians demand good reception on the ski slopes , the Greeks on their many islands and Finns in road tunnels , however remote .
If coverage is poor , subscribers will switch .
Paradoxically , however , it is in Italy and Greece that people are especially worried about the supposed health risks of electromagnetic fields .
A 2007 survey commissioned by the European Commission found that 86 % of Greeks and 69 % of Italians were “ very ” or “ fairly ” concerned about them , compared with 51 % in Britain , 35 % in Germany and only 27 % in Sweden .
It may be that people fret when they lack reliable information — or that in some countries local politicians stir up fears .
Whatever the reasons , the public reaction explains why phone masts in Italy are often disguised , for instance as the arches of a hamburger restaurant , as a palm tree or even as the cross on a famous cathedral .
In Moldova , by contrast , such masts are monuments to prosperity .
“ Every time we put up a mast , they had a party .
It connected them , ” says Orange 's Mr Swantee .
Yet digital technologies change quickly , and so do attitudes towards them .
Will such differences between cultures persist and grow larger , or will they diminish over time ?
Companies would like to know , because it costs more to provide different handsets and services in different parts of the world than it would do to offer the same things everywhere .
Enter the Apparatgeist
Illustration by James Fryer
A few years ago such questions provoked academic controversy .
Not everybody agrees with Ms Ito's argument that technology is always socially constructed .
James Katz , a professor of communication at Rutgers University in New Jersey , argues that there is an Apparatgeist ( German for “ spirit of the machine ” ) .
For personal communication technologies , he argues , people react in pretty much the same way , a few national variations notwithstanding .
“ Regardless of culture , ” he suggests , “ when people interact with personal communication technologies , they tend to standardise infrastructure and gravitate towards consistent tastes and universal features . ”
Recent developments seem to support him .
When Ms Lasén went back to London , Paris and Madrid a few years later , phone behaviour had , by and large , become the same in the different cities ( although Spaniards still rejected voicemail ) .
Yet it is not just the Apparatgeist that explains this , argues Ms Lasén .
In all three cities , she says , people lead increasingly complex lives and need their mobiles to manage them .
Ms Ito agrees .
American teenagers now also text madly , in part because their lives are becoming almost as regulated as those of the Japanese .
This convergence is likely to continue , not least because it is in the interest of the industry 's heavyweights .
Handsets increasingly come with all kinds of sensors .
Nokia 's Ms Jung , for instance , is working on a project to develop an “ Esperanto of gestures ” to control such environmentally aware devices .
Her team is trying to find an internationally acceptable gesture to quieten a ringing phone .
This is tricky : giving the device the evil eye or shushing it , for instance , will not work .
Treating objects as living things might work in East Asia , where almost everything has a soul , but not in the Middle East , where religious tenets make this unacceptable .
In the long run most national differences will disappear , predicts Scott Campbell of the University of Michigan , author of several papers on mobile - phone usage .
But he expects some persistence of variations that go back to economics .
In poorer countries subscribers will handle their mobile phones differently simply because they lack money .
Nearly all airtime in Africa is pre-paid .
Practices such as “ beeping ” are likely to continue for quite a while : when callers lack credit , they hang up after just one ring , a signal that they want to be called back .
A few differences may remain within borders , suggests Kathryn Archibald , who works at Nokia and tries to understand consumers in different parts of the world .
Only a few countries , mainly in Africa and Asia , still need special cultural attention when designing a phone ( which is why some models in India double as torches ) .
“ We see more differences within countries than between them , ” she says .
Nokia breaks down phone users into various categories , rather than by geography .
“ Simplicity seekers ” barely know how to turn on their phones and use them only in case of trouble .
At the other end of the spectrum , “ technology leaders ” always want the latest devices and feel crippled without their phones .
“ Life jugglers ” need their handsets to co-ordinate the many parts of their lives .
Ms Archibald says Nokia 's aim is to offer the right handset to each such group .
But when it comes to content — the services offered via the phones and the applications installed on them — Nokia pays considerable attention to local culture .
In India and other developing countries the firm has launched a set of services called “ Life Tools ” , which ranges from agricultural information for farmers to educational services such as language tuition .
In many rich countries , by contrast , handsets come bundled with a subscription to download music .
“ We need to operate globally , but be relevant locally , ” concludes Ms Archibald .
All this raises a question : as differences fade , are people becoming slaves to the Apparatgeist ?
“ Because of our evolutionary heritage , we want to be in perpetual contact with others , ” argues Mr Katz .
Just as technology allows people to overeat , it now lets them overcommunicate .
If this is a problem now , imagine what would happen if telepathy become possible .
The thought is not entirely far - fetched : researchers at Intel , a chipmaker , are devising ways to use brain waves to control computers .
A phone that can be implanted in your head may be just a few years away — at which point the Germans will no longer be able to call it a Handy .
In which I write a letter to elected officials .
So by now you may be familiar with South Carolina Code Title 23 Chapter 29 , the state law that requires all organizations who directly or indirectly advocate , advise , teach or practice the duty or necessity of controlling , seizing , or overthrowing the government of the United States , the state of South Carolina , or any political division thereof , to register their activities with the South Carolina Secretary of State .
Now that I ’ve been informed of the law , here are the contents of the letter that I wrote and dropped in the U.S. postal service today , addressed to Mark Hammond , arbitrary Secretary of State over South Carolina .
Secretary of State Mark Hammond
P.O. Box 11350
Columbia , SC 29211
Dear Sir :
I am writing to you today as a member of the Alliance of the Libertarian Left , a subversive organization advocating the duty , the necessity , and the propriety of overthrowing the governments of the United States and of the state of South Carolina by unlawful means – as we advocate the duty , the necessity , and the propriety of overthrowing all forms of government at every level throughout the world .
As advocates of the doctrine of Anarchism and the strategy of counter - economics , we specifically reject legalized methods of changing government policy , such as government elections and legislative lobbying , and we advocate the deliberate use of illegal tactics such as civil disobedience , and nonviolent direct action in defiance of unjust laws , as our preferred means of bringing about the dissolution of all government into the economic organism .
Members of the A.L.L. , both anonymous and open , operate in many states , including in South Carolina .
We are actively engaged in attempts to influence political action in the state of South Carolina – specifically , by aiming to stop any political action at all from being inflicted upon the people of South Carolina .
We reside and transact business within the territorial boundaries claimed by the state of South Carolina ; we are in your neighborhoods and we are in your business districts .
We may even be in your homes ; have you checked under the beds and in the closets ?
I believe that our doctrines and activities qualify us as an officially recognized subversive organization , as described in South Carolina Code Title 23 Chapter 29 .
Please consider this our notice of subversive activities ; I would be honored if you would add our organization to your registry of organizations working for the overthrow of government in South Carolina .
All government is , after all , nothing more than an absurdity , a usurpation , and a crime , inflicted on the vast majority of peaceful people , without their consent , by the dictation of a select few men who have neither the wisdom , nor the virtue , nor the right to presume to rule over anyone other than themselves .
It has always been the most deadly tool of oppressors and exploiters , as the past victims of South Carolina ’s government , from the Stono rebels to Denmark Vesey to the 35 victims of the Orangeburg Massacre have known all to well .
When belligerence and inhumanity prevail , the peaceful and the humane must find honor in being categorized as the enemies of the prevailing order .
Please keep me updated as to the status of our registration .
I look forward to hearing back from you as to our official recognition as enemies of your state and its government .
Sincerely ,
Charles Johnson
PS .
I am told that there is a processing fee in the amount of $ 5.00 for the registration of a subversive organization .
Our organization is in fact so dastardly that we have refused to remit the fee .
Huntsville - based aerospace contractor Dynetics inked a deal this morning to buy Orion Propulsion for an undisclosed sum .
Orion was founded by rocket propulsion engineer Tim Pickens , who worked on the first private spacecraft SpaceShip One .
The purchase is aimed to expand Dynetics ability to develop aerospace work like NASA research , small spacecraft and propulsion , said Steve Cook , Dynetics director space technology development .
" We really look to this as a way to expand our space business .
We have been primarily military and commercial until now .
This is not going to be a subsidiary purchase , " Cook said .
" We plan to fully integrate Tim and his team into the Dynetics family to really compliment our capabilities . "
Pickens is well known throughout Huntsville 's aerospace community for developing innovative rocket and propulsion designs .
He will serve as Dynetics ' chief propulsion engineer .
" This is really a good move for us , " Pickens told The Times .
" I want to concentrate on designs and looking over the horizon to the next thing in propulsion development .
This will allow me to do this . "
President Barack Obama will release his fiscal year 2011 budget proposal on Monday , February 1 , and the fiscal future it projects is sure to be troubling .
It is very likely that the budget will show substantial deficits throughout the next decade , even with any newly proposed deficit reduction measures .
It is also very likely that the release of these projections will set off another chorus of concerned pundits and lawmakers who will loudly insist that they are true deficit hawks and want to reduce the deficit .
Deficit hawks come in a variety of breeds .
There are those who believe that the long - term deficits pose serious risks , but that short - term deficits are necessary and wise during a recession .
There are those who believe that deficits are always risky and should be avoided at all costs .
Both kinds of hawks are genuine in their concern over our nation ’s finances and are sincerely committed to working toward a more sustainable federal budget .
And then there is another species of deficit bird all together : the deficit peacock .
Deficit peacocks like to preen and call attention to themselves , but are not sincerely interested in taking the difficult but necessary steps toward a balanced budget .
Peacocks prefer scoring political points to solving problems .
How can you tell the difference between deficit hawks , those who are serious about the dangers posed by persistent , large deficits and deficit peacocks , those who only use those dangers to preen and score political points ?
It ’s actually fairly simple .
Here are four easy ways to tell when someone is n’t taking our budget problems seriously .
1 . They never mention revenues .
There are two sides to every balance sheet , and the federal budget is no exception .
Deficits occur when spending is too high , but they also happen when revenue levels are too low .
The budget deficit in FY 2009 was a whopping 9.9 percent of GDP , the highest it has been since World War II .
And that enormous deficit was caused as much by a dramatic decline in tax revenues as it was by an increase in spending .
In fact , the size of the revenue decline was four times larger than all of the new spending initiatives started since President Obama took office .
Tax revenues in 2009 were at their lowest levels since 1950 .
When revenues decline by 17 percent , as they did last year , deficits skyrocket .
Increasing revenues is going to have to be part of the solution for meeting the fiscal challenge .
Any suggestion that we can solve this problem solely by cutting spending reveals an utter misunderstanding or ignorance of the budget numbers .
Balancing the budget without raising any additional revenue 10 years from now would require cutting every program in the entire budget by more than 25 percent , including all defense spending , Social Security and Medicare benefits , air - traffic - control funding , veterans ’ benefits , aid to schools , job training programs , agriculture subsidies , highway maintenance , and everything else .
Of course , those who argue that we can balance the budget simply by reducing spending often oppose any attempt to reduce funding in certain parts of the budget .
If we tried to balance the budget without raising additional revenue , and without reducing spending on Medicare , for example , then the rest of the budget would have to be slashed by a third .
So the next time you hear someone railing against the size of the deficit and saying that all we need to do is cut government spending , that means he is either in favor of massive cuts to Social Security , Medicare , and everything else , or else he is just posturing .
Being sincerely in favor of balancing the budget necessitates being in favor of raising more revenue .
2 . They offer easy answers .
Beware anyone offering easy answers .
We face a very large budget gap over the coming decade , and the scale of the problem is such that no one solution is going to solve it all .
It is going to take a mix of increased revenues , spending reductions , and improved government efficiency to get our fiscal house in order .
Those who claim that we could get the budget back to sustainability if we only cut out earmarks , or say that the solution is to simply freeze discretionary spending , are just peddling fiscal snake oil .
The budget deficit is likely to average about $ 900 billion per year over the next five years .
Even by the most expansive definition of “ pork - barrel spending , ” earmarks amount to less than $ 20 billion a year .
Eliminating them all would reduce the deficit by less than 3 percent .
The federal government is certainly going to have to do a better job of spending each dollar wisely and diligently seek ways to improve efficiency across the board .
But earmarks are actually a vanishingly small drain on our nation ’s overall finances , and eliminating them will not even get us one - twentieth of the way to balance .
Freezing discretionary spending , the spending that Congress reappropriates every year , at current levels will similarly yield only very small budgetary savings .
The federal government spent a bit more than $ 625 billion on non-defense discretionary programs in 2009 .
The Congressional Budget Office projects that , in five years , the federal government will spend about $ 660 billion on the same programs .
Freezing non-defense discretionary spending at current levels would therefore only produce a total savings of $ 35 billion in 2015 .
That year , the budget deficit is expected to be around $ 760 billion .
Saving $ 35 billion would solve less than 5 percent of the problem .
There may be some savings to be found in non-defense discretionary programs , but a spending freeze would accomplish extremely little in the way of measurable deficit reduction .
There are no easy answers to our budgetary challenges .
We have an aging population , rising health care costs , and a tax code full of loopholes , exceptions , and targeted subsidies .
It is going to take more than simple solutions to meet these challenges .
If you hear the words , “ all we have to do to balance the budget is … ” then you know whoever spoke them has n’t fully grasped the scope of the problem .
3 . They support policies that make the long - term deficit problem worse .
This one seems like it should be obvious , but you might be surprised by the number of people who now claim to be concerned about our fiscal future even though they recently supported massive budget - busting legislation .
Congress voted repeatedly over the past eight years to make huge tax cuts and create new spending programs without offsetting any of those costs .
Many of the very same members of Congress who voted for those policies are now loudly urging the president to clean up the mess that they themselves made .
To make matters worse , there are those who are still supporting new deficit - exploding policies while simultaneously professing grave unease over our fiscal path .
For example , there are 34 senators who have co-sponsored recent legislation offered by Senators Conrad and Gregg to “ create a bipartisan fiscal task force to address the nation ’s long - term budget crisis . ”
Strange , then , that 25 of them recently voted to slash the estate tax so that the 3,000 richest families in the country can get another tax cut , a policy which would increase the deficit by $ 100 billion over 10 years .
When someone supports a deficit commission one day and votes to use another $ 100 billion of red ink on tax cuts for the rich the next , it is perhaps an indication that his or her commitment to real deficit reduction leaves something to be desired .
4 . They think our budget woes appeared suddenly in January 2009 .
President Bush inherited a record budget surplus when he took office .
Yet he managed to turn that surplus into a massive deficit after repeatedly cutting taxes while prosecuting two wars and enacting billions of dollars worth of new spending programs without paying for any of them .
By the time President Obama took office in January 2009 , the Congressional Budget Office was projecting a budget deficit of $ 1.2 trillion for the year .
The dramatic decline from record surplus to record deficit under President Bush resulted in a nearly $ 3 trillion increase in publicly held debt , the largest debt expansion in American history .
Not only did President Obama inherit the least balanced balance sheet in 60 years , he also took office in the midst of the deepest , most dangerous recession since the Great Depression .
Running a large budget deficit is both necessary and wise during a recession .
The extra spending and reduced taxes that produce big budget deficits help counter the downward recessionary spiral and blunt its negative effects .
Yet eight years of fiscal damage left the country in a much weaker position from which to respond to the economic conditions , and left President Obama with far less fiscal room to maneuver .
In fact , the incredible budgetary decline that took place under President Bush is responsible for far more of our current deficit troubles than any new initiative taken under President Obama .
More than 50 percent of 2009 ’s huge deficit can be directly attributed to policies enacted by the previous administration , and that is not counting the 20 percent that was due to the economic disaster that began and gathered its momentum on President Bush ’s watch .
President Obama ’s efforts to rescue the economy , on the other hand , are responsible for only 16 percent .
Much more importantly , the long - term fiscal damage done by the Bush administration absolutely dwarfs any lasting effects of the temporary economic recovery measures taken under President Obama .
The Bush - era tax cuts alone will add more than $ 5 trillion to the budget deficit over the next 10 years .
There is no question that our current budget deficit is much too large to be sustained over the long run , but to ascribe all of its considerable bulk to President Obama is to deliberately ignore the miserable fiscal legacy of his predecessor .
It may be inconvenient for conservative critics of the president ’s economic policies to admit that it was their approach that got us into this mess , but it remains true that we are all still suffering the effects of their fiscal legacy .
There are people from all parts of the political spectrum who strongly and sincerely believe that our current budget path is unsustainable and are committed to taking concrete steps to put the country on a better path .
But there are also many who are only interested in scoring political points or in getting in the way of progress on this issue .
Sometimes it can be difficult to distinguish between the two .
Now , all you need to do to tell the former from the latter is apply any of these four handy tests .
Do they only focus only on spending cuts , with nary a word about revenues ?
Do they offer easy answers and simple solutions ?
Are they in favor of actions that would actually exacerbate the problem ?
Do they blame all our woes on President Obama and neglect to even mention the previous eight years ?
If any of the answers are “ yes , ” then you ’ve identified a deficit peacock .
For more information , see :
There was no immediate word on the cause of Monday 's crash at the station of Buizingen , a town nine miles south - west of the Belgian capital .
BoingBoing.net is reporting today on a tabletop " hydrogen power station " that produces hydrogen from water using a standard power outlet and costs around $ 200 .
While this may sound wonderful on the surface , it merely illustrates how the notion of a " hydrogen economy " is really a myth .
Let 's get one thing perfectly clear : hydrogen is not a energy resource .
Hydrogen does not exist naturally in any sufficient quantities to make it a viable energy source , at least on this planet .
To get hydrogen in any useful quantities , it must be extracted from natural gas , water or biomass , and all of these result in a net loss of energy .
It is more efficient to use these fuels in their original forms .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
Hydrogen is more like a battery , an energy storage medium .
Unfortunately , ( for practical purposes ) it is a very impractical battery , with an extremely low energy - to - volume ratio .
According to Wikipedia , " The energy density per unit volume of both liquid hydrogen and compressed hydrogen gas at any practicable pressure is significantly less than that of traditional fuel sources , although the energy density per unit fuel mass is higher . "
To be fair , fossil fuels are only energy storage mediums as well , but their energy was accumulated over millions of years , and is readily extracted now in a compact form .
Neither hydrogen nor fossil fuels are energy sources , because the energy does not come from them , it came from the sun , the only real energy source we have .
Article continues : http://www.triplepundit.com/2010/02/hydrogen-is-not-the-fuel-of-the-future/
" From rapaport Fri Apr 14 11:37:20 1995
To : aima-bug@cs.berkeley.edu
Subject : Buffalo sentence
OK guys ; it was bad enough that Steve Pinker , in his The Language Ins tinct , claimed that one of his grad students discovered / invented :
Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo
but now * you * claim , without citation , that Barton , Berwick , and Ristad came up with it ( p. 690 ) .
Can you document that ?
It 's possible that Pinker 's student came up with it independently , but I can document that I devised it in 1972 .
Here 's the story :
In 1972 , I took a grad course in philosophy of language from John Tienson at Indiana University .
In that course , he presented the sentence :
Dogs dogs dog dog dogs .
which is grammatical and meaningful , if not acceptable , with no punctuation changes , having , of course , the same syntactic structure as :
Mice cats chase eat cheese .
Finding the " - s " morpheme unaesthetic , several of us grad students sought something better .
Fish fish fish fish fish
does n't quite hack it , since " fish " requires an indirect object : one fishes * for* something .
At that point , I came up with the Buffalo sentence .
I began using it in courses at SUNY Fredonia in 1976 .
One of the students in my first course there is now an ESL teacher in ...
Buffalo , of course , and uses it in his classes .
I publicized it first to the SUNY Buffalo linguistics department that year , and then gave it more celebrity at ACL - 88 , when I put a parse tree for it in the registration packet ( I was the local arrangements coordinator ) and used an overhead transparency of it during my welcoming remarks .
And a version of your problem 22.8 appeared as a question on our department 's Graduate Qualifying Exam in 1988 .
Since then , I 've heard others claim it , but with the less interesting reading of the form Adj N V Adj N ( like your " Dallas cattle ... " sentence ) .
My favorite version requires the introduction not only of the modifier " Buffalo " for the animal ( Buffalo buffalo are the ones in the Buffalo zoo ) , but also for the verb " to buffalo " :
You see , the Buffalo buffalo 's style of buffaloing other buffalo is * so * unique that , like Tennessee waltzing , it 's called Buffalo buffaloing , so :
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo .
Bottom line :
When / where did Barton et al. devise it ? "
It would connect turbines off the wind - lashed north coast of Scotland with Germany 's vast arrays of solar panels , and join the power of waves crashing on to the Belgian and Danish coasts with the hydro-electric dams nestled in Norway 's fjords : Europe 's first electricity grid dedicated to renewable power will become a political reality this month , as nine countries formally draw up plans to link their clean energy projects around the North Sea .
The network , made up of thousands of kilometres of highly efficient undersea cables that could cost up to € 30bn ( £ 26.5 bn ) , would solve one of the biggest criticisms faced by renewable power – that unpredictable weather means it is unreliable .
With a renewables supergrid , electricity can be supplied across the continent from wherever the wind is blowing , the sun is shining or the waves are crashing .
Connected to Norway 's many hydro-electric power stations , it could act as a giant 30 GW battery for Europe 's clean energy , storing electricity when demand is low and be a major step towards a continent - wide supergrid that could link into the vast potential of solar power farms in North Africa .
By autumn , the nine governments involved – Germany , France , Belgium , the Netherlands , Luxembourg , Denmark , Sweden and Ireland and the UK – hope to have a plan to begin building a high - voltage direct current network within the next decade .
It will be an important step in achieving the European Union 's pledge that , by 2020 , 20 % of its energy will come from renewable sources .
" We recognise that the North Sea has huge resources , we are exploiting those in the UK quite intensively at the moment , " said the UK 's energy and climate change minister , Lord Hunt .
" But there are projects where it might make sense to join up with other countries , so this comes at a very good time for us . "
More than 100GW of offshore wind projects are under development in Europe , around 10 % of the EU 's electricity demand , and equivalent to about 100 large coal - fired plants .
The surge in wind power means the continent 's grid needs to be adapted , according to Justin Wilkes of the European Wind Energy Association ( EWEA ) .
An EWEA study last year outlined where these cables might be built and this is likely to be a starting point for the discussions by the nine countries .
Renewable energy is much more decentralised and is often built in inhospitable places , far from cities .
A supergrid in the North Sea would enable a secure and reliable energy supply from renewables by balancing power across the continent .
Norway 's hydro plants – equivalent to about 30 large coal - fired power stations – could use excess power to pump water uphill , ready to let it rush down again , generating electricity , when demand is high .
" The benefits of an offshore supergrid are not simply to allow offshore wind farms to connect ; if you have additional capacity , which you will do within these lines , it will allow power trading between countries and that improves EU competitiveness , " said Wilkes .
The European Commission has also been studying proposals for a renewable - electricity grid in the North Sea .
A working group in the EC 's energy department , led by Georg Wilhelm Adamowitsch , will produce a plan by the end of 2010 .
He has warned that without additional transmission infrastructure , the EU will not be able to meet its ambitious targets .
Hunt said the EC working group 's findings would be fed into the nine - country grid plan .
The cost of a North Sea grid has not yet been calculated , but a study by Greenpeace in 2008 put the price of building a similar grid by 2025 at € 15 bn - €20bn .
This would provide more than 6,000 km of cable around the region .
The EWEA 's 2009 study suggested the costs of connecting the proposed 100GW wind farms and building interconnectors , into which further wind and wave power farms could be plugged in future , would probably push the bill closer to € 30bn .
The technical , planning , legal and environmental issues will be discussed at the meeting of the nine this month .
" The first thing we 're aiming for is a common vision , " said Hunt .
" We will hopefully sign a memorandum of understanding in the autumn with ministers setting out what we 're trying to do and how we plan to do it . "
All those involved also have an eye on the future , said Wilkes .
" The North Sea grid would be the backbone of the future European electricity supergrid , " he said .
This supergrid , which has support from scientists at the commission 's Institute for Energy ( IE ) , and political backing from both the French president , Nicolas Sarkozy , and Gordon Brown , would link huge solar farms in southern Europe – producing electricity either through photovoltaic cells , or by concentrating the sun 's heat to boil water and drive turbines – with marine , geothermal and wind projects elsewhere on the continent .
Scientists at the IE have estimated it would require the capture of just 0.3 % of the light falling on the Sahara and the deserts of the Middle East to meet all Europe 's energy needs .
In this grid , electricity would be transmitted along high voltage direct current cables .
These are more expensive than traditional alternating - current cables , but they lose less energy over long distances .
Hunt agreed that the European supergrid was a long - term dream , but one worth making a reality .
The UK , like other countries , faced " huge challenges with our renewables targets , " he said .
" The 2020 target is just the beginning and then we 've got to aim for 2050 with a decarbonised electricity supply – so we need all the renewables we can get . "
I just made a fairly long and technical post , which I ’m sure half of my readers will skip .
Let me say it in plainer English :
Loosely speaking , the market interest rate allocates the available financial capital among various possible investment projects .
The equilibrium interest rate is j - u - u - s -t right so that people save exactly the amount of money that other people want to borrow .
Although we think of it in terms of money , there is a corresponding physical reality to all this , too .
If entrepreneurs see hot new investment projects and want to start hiring workers and buying raw materials to get started , those workers and resources have to be redirected away from other things .
Ideally , if everyone in the community wanted to cut back on eating out once a month , in order to save up for a summer cruise in 3 years , what would happen is that their spending and saving decisions would ( a ) cause layoffs in the restaurant industry , and ( b ) lower interest rates enough to make it profitable for the people in the cruise industry to borrow money to start building more ships and training more crew members .
Obviously in the real world things would be messier , but the point is that market prices–especially interest rates of various maturities –would help with this transition .
Now what happens if the government comes in , prints up a bunch of $ 100 bills , and starts lending them out to borrowers at lower rates than what the original market interest rate was ?
Obviously that will totally screw things up .
Even if people are fully aware that there ’s a guy throwing funny money into the works , they ca n’t not borrow at the lower rates .
That would only work if they could trust every single person in the whole economy to not take the crisp new $ 100 bills from the Fed official , even though he was offering to lend them at lower terms than the other people offering equally - legal $ 100 bills .
The point is that it ca n’t be the case that this handing out of new money is benign .
People end up borrowing more money than they otherwise would have been able to get .
Even a particular entrepreneur who knows there is a bubble , and knows interest rates will eventually shoot up , and who gets out in time , has still screwed things up .
In other words the damage caused by the Fed guy handing out $ 100 bills is not simply the borrowers who get caught with their pants down when rates shoot up earlier than they thought .
No , from DAY ONE , when people borrow more money at the artificially low interest rate than they should have been able to borrow , the structure of the market starts diverging from what it should have been .
If you think “ rational expectations ” should allow people to offset everything , then you are really saying the market interest rate serves no function .
If you admit the market interest rate means something –that a businessperson needs to know , for example , whether the one - year rate is 3 percent versus 2 percent–then you have to admit that it screws things up if the government pushes down the original 3 percent rate to 2 percent .
J - Elijah , the evangelical hip - hop artist who raps about leaving homosexuality , is giving Megan Phelps a run for her sanity .
And while Megan will probably always operate in a deeper end of the lunacy pool , J - Elijah scores by mixing the ex-gay movement with religious fundamentalism that needs to be read to be believed .
Or dismissed .
You ’ll remember J - Elijah from this post , where he eviscerates The Downlow and talks about how , through Christ , he overcame his homosexuality .
Which is great news for him .
But for all of earth ’s other Christians , he ’s got bad news :
Until we conquer this gay thing , Jesus is never going to resurrect himself .
Again .
“ I believe homosexuality is one of the last strongholds the Lord wants to break before the return of Jesus Christ , ” says J - Elijah in an interview with Gay Christian Movement Watch , a website as awesome as its sounds .
“ It is a sensitive issue because we know people who deal with the issue , whether it ’s us , or someone in our family , our church , our community .
There is so much pain with homosexuality .
Either we minister from a place of condemnation or compromise .
Condemnation nor compromise is not the answer but compassion .
Love , compassion , and truth emphasizing the mercy and grace of God through Jesus Christ will deliver brothers and sisters from homosexuality and all of it ’s shame .
Everyone is not anointed to minister in this area . ”
But J - Elijah is !
And thank god , because we did n’t know where else to turn to find out how to leave this terrible lifestyle .
What do we need to do ?!
The best way to leave the lifestyle behind is to finally become dissatisfied and fed up , like , “ I ca n’t live like this anymore .
I ’ve got to get out of this .
I ’ve got to stop this . ”
You ’ve got to be like , “ Nah , I ca n’t do this anymore . ”
Leave your partners .
Do n’t answer their late night phone calls , emails , etc .
Refuse them and refuse yourself .
Want more out of life .
Know that the Lord has more for you .
He ’s got a purpose that is beyond your fleshly desires .
The internet is a powerful resource .
Look up websites and books about repenting from homosexuality .
Join a support group , which I highly recommend , become part of a network that will pray for you and love you through .
Craigslist.org , we are told , does not qualify .
( And in case you ’re wondering how J - Elijah got his name , he explains : “ J - Elijah is my pseudonym for rap and poetry .
When I chose my name as a lyricist , emcee , poet , I wanted to make sure it was spiritually significant .
J - Elijah is based on the scriptures of Jeremiah 1:4-10 and Luke 1:13 - 17 .
God chose Jeremiah to be His mouthpiece .
Before John the Baptist was born , the angel told Zachariah , his father , that John would go forward in the spirit and power of Elijah .
J is short for Jeremiah and John the Baptist .
Jeremiah , John the Baptist , and Elijah were chosen by The Lord of Hosts to minister repentance to their generation . ” )
CAMBRIDGE , Mass . —
New insights about a tiny snail that lives on the ocean floor could help scientists design better armor for soldiers and vehicles , according to MIT researchers .
A team of materials scientists , led by MIT Associate Professor Christine Ortiz , report that the shell of the so - called “ scaly - foot ” snail is unlike any other naturally occurring or manmade armor .
The study suggests that its unique three - layer structure dissipates energy that would cause weaker shells to fracture .
Copying various aspects of the structure could help scientists design better armor for military use , says Ortiz , who is a member of MIT ’s Institute for Soldier Nanotechnologies .
The new study was partly funded by the Army and the Department of Defense and will appear in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences the week of Jan. 18 .
Ortiz ’ attention was drawn to this interesting gastropod in 2003 , when its discovery was first reported .
The snail lives in a relatively harsh environment on the floor of the Indian Ocean , near hydrothermal vents that spew hot water .
Therefore it is exposed to fluctuations in temperature as well as high acidity , and also faces attack from predators such as crabs and other snail species .
When a crab attacks a snail , it grasps the snail ’s shell with its claws and squeezes it until it breaks — for days if necessary .
The claws generate mechanical energy that eventually fractures the shell , unless it is strong enough to resist .
In the new paper , Ortiz and her colleagues , including MIT Dean of Engineering Subra Suresh , report that the shell of the hot vent gasotropod has several features that help dissipate mechanical energy from a potential penetrating predatory attack .
Of particular importance is its tri-layered shell structure , which consists of an outer layer embedded with iron sulfide granules , a thick organic middle layer , and a calcified inner layer .
Most other snail shells have a calcified layer with a thin organic coating on the outside ..
In the scaly foot gastropod , simulations suggest that the relatively thick organic middle layer can absorb much energy during a penetrating attack .
It may also help to dissipate heat and thermal fluctuations exhibited near hydrothermal vents .
How they did it : Ortiz and her colleagues measured the mechanical properties of the snail shell using a machine called an indenter , which has a diamond tip .
By measuring the force applied to the shell , and the shell ’s resulting displacement , they can calculate its mechanical properties .
Next steps :
Ortiz is looking at host of natural exoskeletons in order to extract protective design principles , including chitons , urchins , beetles , and armored fish .
Source : “ Protection mechanisms of the iron - plated armor of a deep - sea hydrothermal vent gastropod , ” Haimin Yao et al .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , week of Jan. 18 , 2010 .
Funding : National Science Foundation , Singapore - MIT
Alliance , U.S. Army through the MIT Institute for Soldier Nanotechnologies , Raytheon , and the National Security Science and Engineering Faculty Fellowship Program .
This person worked as an airport security screener years before 9/11 , before the TSA , so hopefully things are different now .
It ’s a pretty fascinating read , though .
Two things pop out at me .
One , as I wrote , it ’s a mind - numbingly boring task .
And two , the screeners were trained not to find weapons , but to find the particular example weapons that the FAA would test them on .
“ How do you know it ’s a gun ? ” he asked me .
“ it looks like one , ” I said , and was immediately pounded on the back .
“ Goddamn right it does .
You get over here , ” yelled Mike to Will .
“ How do you know it ’s a gun ? ”
“ I look for the outline of the cartridge and the … ” Will started .
“ What ? ”
“ The barrel you can see right here , ” Will continued , oblivious to his pending doom .
“ What the hell are you talking about ?
That ’s not how you find this gun . ”
“ No sir .
It ’s how you find any gun , sir , ” said Will .
I knew right then that this was a disaster .
“ Any gun ?
Any gun ?
I do n’t give a fuck about any gun , dipshit .
I care about this gun .
The FAA will not test you with another gun .
The FAA will never put any gun but this one in the machine .
I do n’t care if you are a fucking gun nut who can tell the caliber by sniffing the barrel , you look for this gun .
THIS ONE . ”
Mike strode to the test bag and dumped it out at the feet of the metal detector , sending the machine into a frenzy .
“ THIS bomb .
This knife .
I do n’t care if you miss a goddamn bazooka and some son of a bitch cuts your throat with a knife you let through as long as you find THIS GUN . ”
“ But we ’re supposed to find , ” Will insisted .
“ You find what I trained you to find .
The other shit does n’t get taken out of my paycheck when you miss it , ” said Mike .
Editor ’s note :
This is a guest post from Phil Van Treuren , a city councilman in Amherst City , Ohio .
The concept of a man ’s civic responsibility , while not conceived in ancient Rome , was certainly popularized there .
Contributing to society by becoming a responsible and productive citizen was a hallmark of manliness , and running for elected office was considered the pinnacle of civic responsibility ( as long as you were of the proper class to do so ) .
When the United States Constitution was ratified in 1787 , it became the most important assertion of civic responsibility that democracy had ever seen .
Our Founding Fathers knew that democratic government both benefited from manliness and refined it , crafting better men and a better country through public service .
Today , running for elected office is still one of the best ways that a man can contribute to society .
There are a lot of men these days that complain about government and lament that the only people holding office , from the local level to the national , are a bunch of lousy , corrupted bums .
But it will stay that way if good men confine their political activity to ranting on the couch .
Start making some changes , even small ones , by running for local office .
While being a candidate in a local political campaign can be physically and mentally challenging , it is also a personally rewarding opportunity to become more involved in your community .
But if you ’ve never been involved in a political campaign before , launching your own bid for city council or the local school board can initially be a bit intimidating .
As a recently elected city councilman , however , I can tell you that if you are a practitioner of traditional manliness , you already possess most of the qualities that a successful political candidate needs .
While political acumen is important to a local campaign , it is n’t nearly as important as hard work , good planning and a genuine desire to make your community a better place to live .
Here are a few tips for kicking off your campaign the right way and making victory more likely on election day .
1. Your Family Is The Most Important Part Of Your Campaign
The first and most important step in launching a successful campaign for local office is discussing it with your family .
Even small local political campaigns can be demanding and stressful , and you need to honestly educate your family about the sacrifices that might have to be made during the election season .
Your wife and children will be most affected by any decision you make to run for office , and you need to get their input and consent before making the plunge into a campaign .
A political candidate ’s family is his greatest source of support , inspiration and constructive criticism on the campaign trail .
Making them feel like contributing members of your campaign team–and not just observers on the sidelines –will make your effort more inspired and successful .
Just remember : a man ’s family is far more important than his political career .
Make sure you keep your priorities straight .
2. Consider Getting Involved In Local Party Politics
While winning as an Independent candidate is possible , you ’ll find that running a successful campaign is immeasurably easier when you have the help of an established local political party .
Building likely voter lists , finding volunteers and soliciting donors can be a tall order if you ’re mounting a campaign by yourself , but local political parties already have the resources to immediately provide you with much of what you ’ll need to launch a successful effort .
And do n’t think that choosing one political party or another necessarily means that you ’ll have to run a negative or partisan campaign .
While partisanship might have a greater influence on statewide and federal races , the outcome of local campaigns are n’t usually as affected by party affiliation .
The amount of work you put into campaigning is far more important than the letter that appears after your name on the ballot .
3. Put Together an Aggressive Fundraising Plan
The candidate with the largest donor base usually wins the race–not only because it allows him to spend more on the campaign trail , but because it ’s a good indicator of how much local support he has .
Raising money might be a distasteful part of campaigning for new candidates , but it ’s a necessity if you ca n’t afford to finance your campaign from your own wallet .
Even if you ’re a first - time candidate , though , you can still raise a good deal of campaign cash if you put together a good plan and practice aggressive fundraising .
One of the first things you should do before launching your campaign is make an extensive list of potential supporters and donors ( yet another task that is made easier with the help of a local political party ) .
Plan on sending out an initial donor request letter to provide “ seed money ” for your campaign , as well as scheduling one or more local fundraisers during the election season .
Remember : people who donate money to your campaign–even if it ’s only a few dollars–are certain to vote for you at the polls .
4 . The More Difficult It Is , The Better It Works
You probably already know the value of hard work when it comes to other areas of your life , and political campaigning is no different .
Campaign tactics that are the most physically and mentally demanding are also the most effective .
People like to vote for candidates who work hard , and showing them how much you want the job is a great way to gain their trust and support .
Buying an ad in the newspaper is easy ; sending hand - written postcards to every likely voter in your district is difficult .
Wearing a campaign t- shirt at the county fair is easy ; knocking on every door in your city to meet the voters is difficult .
Reminding your friends to vote is easy ; calling hundreds of voters to ask for their support is difficult .
You may be a novice at political campaigning , but you are n’t a novice when it comes to the manly attributes of working hard and taking pride in all of your efforts .
Let that guide your campaign strategy , and the voters will see that you ’re the best man for the job .
5 . Sometimes You Have To Lose In Order To Win
While hard work will make it more likely that you ’ll win your race , you need to accept the possibility that you might not be victorious in your first campaign .
In fact , some of the most successful politicians in history have one thing in common : in spite of losing several elections , they never gave up .
Tenacity is the most valuable trait to have as a political candidate .
If you ’re running against a popular incumbent or in a district that is n’t perfectly tailored to your political message , then it might take more than one try for you to win a seat .
Losing an election can be a demoralizing experience , especially if you gave it your all on the campaign trail .
But by making an effort to learn from your initial campaign mistakes and getting back on the horse after it bucks you off , you ’ll be much more likely to win the next time around .
City Councilman Phil Van Treuren writes about non-partisan political campaign tips on Political Campaigning Tips .
Mumbai , India ( CNN ) -- Mahesh Poddar can barely hold back tears when he talks about his daughter , Mini , who committed suicide when she was 15 years old .
" I have so many wonderful memories of her , " he said , before taking a long pause .
Mini , the only child of Mahesh and Sarita Poddar , took her own life in 2001 .
Her parents said Mini was distraught about college admissions and had just missed out on getting into the college of her choice .
" I do n't know why she took this extreme step , " said Sarita Poddar .
The Poddars have recently been joined in their grief by other parents :
Since the beginning of the year , some 25 students have taken their lives in Mumbai and surrounding areas , and parents , teachers and officials are struggling to understand what is behind the deaths as they try to prevent more .
India has one of the highest suicide rates in the world -- and recent studies suggest about 40 percent are adolescents .
Authorities are organizing counseling sessions , said Sanjay Kumar , education secretary of Maharashtra state , in which Mumbai is located .
In many cases , the trigger appears to be academic pressure .
A 13 - year - old - boy killed himself after being suspended from school .
In several cases , students committed suicide after failing exams , according to local newspaper reports .
India 's education system is based on rote learning , or memorization , with a strong emphasis on scoring high marks .
Classrooms are typically places filled with boiler cooker pressure .
A Bollywood film that uses this school culture as the backdrop , " 3 Idiots , " is playing to packed audiences in cinemas across the country .
The film , released in late December , has struck a chord with the Indian public , quickly becoming the highest grossing film in the history of Bollywood .
" If I have to pinpoint a period in my life which has been most stressful , it was my 12th standard exams ( school leaving exams for 16 , 17 or 18 year olds ) , " said Rajkumar Hirani , the film 's director .
" So I wanted to say something about it .
The pressure is killing students . "
Dr. Harish Shetty , a psychiatrist , said the message of the film was real .
He attributes the recent spate of suicides to rapid changes in India 's social and economic landscape , which has led to a breakdown of the traditional family structure .
" In the past , kids had more free time with their parents and teachers .
In the past , kids did not have to struggle to get admission into colleges .
In the past , kids had better resilience .
All these factors have been affected by the changes India has gone through since the 1980s , " he said , referring to the onset of the country 's economic liberalization .
The suicides were a wake - up call for educators , said Sangeeta Srivastava , principal of Sardar Vallabhai Patel Vidyala , a government school in North Mumbai .
Though none of the recent suicide cases in the city involved students from her school , she is worried .
Recently , a student from her school ran away from home before exams .
" As teachers , we have a lot of effect on the students , even more than parents do , " she said .
Srivastava was one of the first school principals in the city to host a counseling session by a suicide prevention program , called " Life Is Beautiful , " for her teachers .
The program is backed by Mumbai 's municipal authority and the Bombay Psychiatry Society .
It aims to help teachers identify suicidal tendencies in a child .
Aamir Khan , the star of " 3 Idiots , " is part of this campaign -- as is Mahesh Poddar .
He goes from school to school , telling teachers and students about his experience .
Sometimes , he takes his along his seven - year - old son , whom the couple adopted a year after Mini died .
" We were finished .
He 's rekindled our lives , " Mahesh Poddar said of his son .
On his work with schools , he added : " It 's hard to talk about our experience again and again .
But I do it .
I do it for my daughter . "
Harmeet Shah Singh reported on this story from New Delhi , India
The United Nations needs to specify the role of the United States whose military forces are controlling the main airport in Port - au - Prince , capital of quake - hit Haiti , a French official said Monday .
" The UN is working on it .
I hope we can get a decision .
I hope things can be specified about the role of the United States , " French State Secretary of Cooperation Alain Joyandet told Europe 1 radio after returning from Haiti .
" It is about helping Haiti ; it is not about occupying Haiti , " complained Joyandet .
He said he had to intervene personally last Saturday to get authorization from the Americans for the landing in Port - au - Prince of a French plane carrying relief materials .
Earlier reports said the Geneva - based aid group Doctors Without Borders had complained that the U.S. - controlled airport impeded relief distribution .
The world community has been intensifying relief efforts in Haiti in the past few days after a 7.3 - magnitude earthquake hit the Caribbean nation on Tuesday .
At least 50,000 people are believed to have died in the quake , and the death toll could be much higher .
The UN Security Council will hold a meeting on Monday in New York to discuss coordination of the massive international relief efforts in Haiti .
Source : Xinhua
By Pallab Ghosh
Science correspondent , BBC News
The possibility of alien life has provoked excitement for centuries
The chance of discovering life on other worlds is greater than ever , according to Britain 's leading astronomer .
Lord Rees , the president of the Royal Society and Astronomer Royal , said such a discovery would be a moment which would change humanity .
It would change our view of ourselves and our place in the cosmos , he said .
His comments come as scientists gather in London for an international conference to discuss the prospect of discovering extra-terrestrial life .
Scientists have been scanning the skies for radio broadcasts from intelligent life for 50 years , and so far they have only heard static .
But the chances of discovering life now were better than ever , Lord Rees said .
I suspect there could be life and intelligence out there in forms that we can't conceive
Lord Rees , Royal Society president
Send us your comments
He said : " Technology has advanced so that for the very first time we can actually have the realistic hope of detecting planets no bigger than the earth orbiting other stars .
" ( We 'll be able to learn ) whether they have continents and oceans , learning what type of atmosphere they have .
" Although it is a long shot to be able to learn more about any life of them , then it 's tremendous progress to be able to get some sort of image of another planet , rather like the earth orbiting another star . "
The recent deployment of space telescopes capable of detecting earth - like planets around distant stars now make it possible to focus the search .
" Were we to find life , even the simplest life , elsewhere that would clearly be one of the great discoveries of the 21st Century .
" I suspect there could be life and intelligence out there in forms that we can't conceive .
" And there could , of course , be forms of intelligence beyond human capacity , beyond as much as we are beyond a chimpanzee , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The latest unemployment data released today paint a somewhat disheartening picture — the jobless rate remains at 10 percent , and the economy shed 85,000 jobs last month — especially for this reason :
Although jobs were lost , the unemployment rate held steady from the month before , meaning a large number of people had simply given up looking for a new job .
Which brings me to this graph from Calculated Risk .
The blue line represents the number of people out of work for more than 26 weeks , and the red line represents the percentage of the workforce those long - term unemployed people represent .
As you ’ll see , those 6.13 million people unemployed for more than 26 weeks constitute 4 percent of the civilian workforce — a record since the the Bureau of Labor Statistics started collecting this data in 1948 .
Now , there are a few bright signs in today ’s jobs report .
A crucial manufacturing index showed an encouraging uptick , raising the possibility of some growth in manufacturing industries , while the Labor Department revised jobs estimates from November to reflect gains of 4,000 jobs ( the government had originally projected 11,000 lost jobs ) , the first gain in jobs in almost two years .
Krugman says the report supports his and others ’ belief that the stimulus was too small , and Brad DeLong uses the report as evidence that our economic recovery , if that ’s what this actually is , is likely going to be a jobless one .
All in all , a decidedly mixed report , especially when it comes to the record numbers of the chronically unemployed , a total that ’s only likely to grow in the coming months .
( H/T Calculated Risk )
Our coverage of Lockheed Martin here on Engadget normally focus on things like laser weapons or futuristic airships , but it looks like the mega - defense company is now trying its hand as something a little closer to home for us : an ultra -secure USB flash drive .
As you can see above , that 's done with a little help from the folks at IronKey , but Lockheed Martin does seem to have made its new IronClad its own , and included some custom software that promises to let you carry your entire computer with you and securely use it on any public computer .
Of course , exact details are a bit hard to come by , but the drive is available with " at least " 8 GB of storage , and includes 256 - bit encryption , built - in virus protection , and a variety of networking features that will let organizations keep watch on individual drives and control what can or cannot be installed on them .
No word on pricing , but Lockheed Martin is apparently ready to talk with any companies that are interested in using the drives .
This may seem like an odd question to make but sometimes I question myself why do I and so many other people like to play space strategy games so much , to the point of preferring them to any other game genres .
Liking to play games is a universal truth and a Human natural activity .
But with respect to video games and specially to strategy games why the space sci - fi theme ?
Lately I ’ve been quite interested in understanding how games work and so I ’m reading the book : “ The Art of Game Design : A book of Lenses ” ( excellent book by the way for anyone interested in designing games of any kind ) .
And it seems that we like to play games , in general , because they provide a problem solving activity that is ultimately fun to play .
Sure , now this seems obvious right ?
( after being read and said ) but what is “ Fun ” anyway ?
Now this is something really not so easy to grasp .
I mean we know when we are having fun but we cannot really explain why .
But I will not disclose in this post what is “ Fun ” and why it is such an important factor for making good games , for that you will need to read the book , otherwise I will uncover a key aspect of the Author ’s work :)
But getting back to the point , why do we like to play space strategy games in specific ( being those 4x , RTS or TBS , or a mix of these ) ?
Well after thinking about it for a while I came to the conclusion that we like to play them due to 4 main reasons .
It ’s not that there are not more , sure there are and possibly even equally important and more important reasons , but in my conclusion we like to play these type of games because :
We like to be in control , to feel a sense of being powerful
We have a natural disposition to be curious Because we like surprises Because we love sci-fi
We like to be in control , to be powerful
This is probably the main reason why we like to play this kind of games .
Strategy games normally gives us the building blocks , the power and the motivation to work in behalf of an Empire , a Tribe , a Race , or whatever society form the game provides .
It is then up to us to manage all the empire resources to protect , nurture and evolve our Tribe .
In space strategy games normally we manage a Race or a Species and are given the full responsibility to be in charge of developing a space faring civilization .
Now what more stimulating job could there be than that right ?
Now this seems to be kind of non-sensical because normally people are not really keen on taking great amounts of responsibility in real life , and would probably find overwhelming and way too complex of task to be in command of millions of people in hundreds of solar systems with thousands of spaceships right ?
Well the trick is that in games you can have these experiences in a decent controlled environment .
The game only gives you the good and entertaining side of the coin .
As it is only a simulation so the boring and painful parts this type of “ job ” would require are not present .
So you have it .
Being in control , to feel powerful without having the burden to worry too much about it and only take pleasure for that .
Now this is a dream come true to all strategists right ?
When the game is really good at providing enough complexity and elegant design the player can have wonderful experiences will being in control of huge fleets , of technology research , full scale invasions and epic space battles .
It feels really good to have the feeling of power and to feel that all the empire hopes and dreams depend on your well judged decisions .
Being in control and being powerful ( in a controlled way ) managing a space faring civilization is our first reason why we like to play space strategy games .
Now , one next reason .
We have a natural predisposition to be curious
Now , this one does not seem so obvious .
What does curiosity has to do with playing space strategy games ?
In a sense this reason is more broad than the first one since it applies to many game styles but particularly it is very powerful in space strategy .
Curiosity is what leads us forward , is what makes us look behind a wall , makes us want to peak at something …
And this is in my opinion closely related to the sense of Exploration .
Explorers may be driven by many things but one thing probably they all share is an acute sense of curiosity .
And in general all of us Humans feel this curiosity intensely , to the point of finding completely unbearable not to know , or understand the unknown and the mystery out there .
And so we are almost obsessed with the need to reach the stars and to touch and see them with our own hands and eyes , like in the past our ancestors did when making the navigation discoveries five centuries ago .
So exploration , discovery and curiosity are very much related in a sense .
It ’s not surprising that the most significant sub category of space strategy games are 4 x games ( for which you can find a definition here ) , eXploration is right the first “ X ” .
And curiosity is a major factor that drives you to explore .
That said , when playing space strategy games we have the opportunity to experience curiosity and more important to satisfy this curiosity in wondering what ’s out there in the stars .
What wonderful planetary systems may be there , what riches and knowledge may be there waiting , what new beings can I find , will they be friendly ?
or will they be hostile ?
What is that species planning ?
What spaceship armadas may be out there waiting in that particular sector ?
Another key aspect of space strategy games is that almost all of them provide the player with the ability to conduct research and uncover new technologies .
And with respect to technology curiosity also plays a major role in intriguing the player with questions like “ what new powers will I have at my disposal after this research ? ” , “ what benefits can I gain to help my race grow ” , “ what new toys ( spaceships , weapons , shields , etc ) will I get if I run in this research path ? ” .
Normally technology research trees ( the path of technologies ) are know from the start but it ’s always fun and curious when playing the games the first times .
And that is why I defend “ Innovative Tech Trees in Space Strategy Games ” , a post I wrote some time ago that addresses this issue .
Curiosity is our second reason why we play these games .
Now the third reason .
Because we like to be surprised
Now this one is probably more general that the previous two in the sense that it probably more a human quality than a space strategy specific experience but anyway this is another strong reason why we like to play space strategy games .
It is common sense to accept that we like to be surprised positively , but what about negatively ?
Many people often even say , “ I do n’t like surprises of any kind ” .
But guess what , surprises is what breaks the monotony , is what makes you interested and focused in doing something .
And when playing a space strategy game we would not want to keep pressing that “ end- turn ” button or wandering around from place to place , or building stuff continuously without being surprised once in a while right ?
Is it not wonderful when we are surprised with a new discovery ?
What about an unexpected event ?
Maybe a system has found an ancient artifact buried somewhere that will unlock some ultimate power , Wow !
What about if a planet reports that a plague has stroked the population , would not this be a “ bad surprise ” ? , would n’t this be bad and make you feel down ?
Not really , what happens is that the level of stress of the player may rise a bit “ NOOoo my best colony has a huge plague , I ’ll loose thousands of people and incredible amounts of tax income ” and the player may became a bit nervous but guess what this “ bad surprise ” at least did n’t got him bored .
What I ’m trying to say here is that surprises in games , and space strategy games is no exception , makes us feel more engaged , more focused and less bored , which ultimately is what we are looking forward in games right ?
Now , the final reason .
Because we love Science Fiction
Ok , now this one is easy and pretty obvious you may say .
Well I did n’t said all of them would be hidden secrets did I ? :)
Yes , SCI - Fi love is perhaps the most objective reason why we like to play space strategy games .
I do n’t say this is a requirement , I ’ll just state that it is one reason .
Now the odds are that if you ’re a sci- fi fan and you like to play strategy games you probably can’t help it but enjoy space strategy games .
Now , Sci -Fi again is a thing you know you like but it is not so obvious why you like it .
I will not debate in this post though why some people like Sci - Fi , that would be another subject to address :)
I hope you enjoyed my little essay about why we like to play space strategy games .
Now I ’d love to ear your comments and your experiences about this topic .
Subscribe RSS
Related Articles :
Post category : Game Design
NASPA Zyzzyva Home Page
If you are n't automatically redirected to the NASPA Zyzzyva Home Page in a second or two , please click on the link .
Ozone from Asia is wafting across the Pacific on springtime winds and boosting the amount of the smog - producing chemical found in the skies above the Western United States , researchers said in a study released Wednesday .
The study , published in the journal Nature , probes a phenomenon that has puzzled scientists in the last decade : Ground - level ozone has dropped in cities thanks to tighter pollution controls , but it has risen in rural areas in the Western U.S. , where there is little industry or automobile traffic .
The study , led by Owen R. Cooper , an atmospheric scientist at the University of Colorado , examined nearly 100,000 observations in the free troposphere — the region two to five miles above ground — gathered from aircraft , balloons and ground - based lasers .
It found that baseline ozone — the amount of gas not produced by local vehicles and industries — has increased in springtime months by 29 % since 1984 .
The study has important implications both for the curbing of conventional pollution that damages human health and for controls on greenhouse gases that are changing the planet ’s climate , experts said .
It shows the need , said Mary Nichols , chairwoman of the California Air Resources Board , for a transformation of global energy and transportation systems .
“ Atmospheric scientists keep finding more evidence that pollutants travel around the globe and move up and down as they travel , ” she said .
“ There is not a bright line separating greenhouse gases from regular air pollution . ”
The study , co-authored by researchers from nine institutes in the U.S. and abroad , is only a first step in understanding the complexities of cross - border pollution , Cooper said .
More research will be needed to probe the sources of ozone at ground level and at other times of the year .
The researchers began with the free troposphere because it is easier to eliminate local sources from baseline ozone calculations .
They chose the months of April and May because that is when winds from Asia are strongest .
This 2 - ton object crashed to the ground in Mongolia .
Nobody is sure what it is , so a report was sent in to MUFON , a UFO - tracking organization .
Could it be something from a tangent universe ?
Advertisement
According to the Examiner :
The report states that two objects fell near the Mongolian capital on February 19 .
The first object , according to the report , weighed 10 kg , while the second larger object weighed " approximately 2 tons . "
Advertisement
Has anybody opened this thing up to see whether there are any aliens trapped inside ?
via The Examiner
A UN building hit by Israeli shells during Operation Cast Lead
Israel will pay US $ 10 m in compensation for damage caused to United Nations buildings in Gaza during the assault a year ago , officials have said .
This will be the first compensation paid by Israel for damage caused during the Gaza offensive .
UN storehouses , school buildings , offices and vehicles were damaged or destroyed during the conflict .
Israel insists UN sites were not targeted during the offensive and says the payout is for collateral damage .
Israel also says that Hamas fighters operated in or near UN - protected buildings during the offensive .
The payout is a result of several months negotiation .
A UN inquiry in May last year found that Israeli forces had , on seven occasions , " breached the inviolability of United Nations premises " and were responsible for deaths and injuries .
At the time UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon said he would seek more than $ 11 m compensation from Israel for damage to UN property .
Israeli officials say that the settlement should be viewed as a good - will gesture and says it has a good working relationship with the UN .
Israel 's Defence Minister Ehud Barak personally notified Ban Ki-Moon of the decision , reports say .
In a statement released last month Mr Ban said he was , " deeply concerned that neither the issues that led to this conflict nor its worrying aftermath are being addressed " .
Operation Cast Lead lasted three weeks .
Palestinians and Israeli human rights groups say about 1,400 Palestinians were killed in the offensive , although Israel puts the figure at 1,166 .
Thirteen Israelis , including three civilians , died .
According to the United Nations , the offensive left more than 50,000 homes , 800 industrial properties and 200 schools damaged or destroyed , as well as 39 mosques and two churches .
I was intrigued by a post by Zero Hedge asking Is The Government Misrepresenting Unemployment By 32 % ?
" ... government spent a record $ 14.7 billion on Unemployment Insurance Benefits as of December 30 , a 24 % jump sequentially from the $ 11.8 billion in November .
Yet the DOL has disclosed a mere 1.7 % increase in those to whom insurance benefits are paid : from 9.4 million to just under 9.6 million .
To put the $ 14.7 billion number in perspective , in December the Federal Government paid a total of $ 14 billion ( $ 700 million less ) in Federal Salaries !
And some more perspective : in calendar 2009 the government has paid $ 140 billion in Unemployment Insurance Benefits .
This is yet another economic stimulus that nobody in the administration discusses , yet which undoubtedly has the biggest impact on the economy , as all those millions unemployed can moderate their pain courtesy of a passable weekly check from the government which should just about cover the rent and beer .
Which is why more than anything , Obama is dead set on extending insurance benefit payments in perpetuity : because if the 10 million official and 14 million unofficial people who are on benefits ( not to mention the tens of millions of unemployed unlucky enough to even get their weekly allowance from Uncle Sam ) start thinking about their true predicament and their real " employability " , then a landslide loss by this administration at the mid-term elections will actually be an upside surprise to what it can objectively expect .
Click on any chart below for a crisper image .
Record Unemployment Deterioration
Combined Weekly Claims
Combined Weekly Claims Detain Since 2000
Combined Weekly Claims As % Of Population
Continuing Claims From Bloomberg
Extended Claims From Bloomberg
Emergency Claims From Bloomberg
4 Week Moving Average Of Weekly Claims
In the week ending Jan. 2 , the advance figure for seasonally adjusted initial claims was 434,000 , an increase of 1,000 from the previous week 's revised figure of 433,000 .
The 4 - week moving average was 450,250 , a decrease of 10,250 from the previous week 's revised average of 460,500 .
BLS Chart of Weekly Claims
If I were playing fantasy matchmaker and lining up the best fights the UFC could offer in 2010 , my short list would probably include Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira vs. Junior dos Santos Anderson Silva vs. Lyoto Machida , and the Silva - Machida winner against Nogueira 's brother , Antonio Rogerio Nogueira
But in the real world we live in , those fights are n't going to happen .
And in his chat with MMAFighting.com on Tuesday , Rodrigo Nogueira explained why .
Asked if he would fight dos Santos if the UFC wanted him to , Nogueira answered , simply , " No . " I then asked him to elaborate , and he said , " I do n't want to fight my friends .
[ Dos Santos ] came to me when he was a kid to train and now he 's a member of my team .
He 's become one of the best fighters in the world and I can't see myself fighting against my friend .
He 's actually staying at my house right now , and he 's training with my brother , and I can't see fighting him .
There are other heavyweights I can face and he can face .
I know some day Junior will be able to fight for the championship without us needing to fight each other .
Nogueira said it 's the same with his brother , Machida and Silva , all of whom are friends and training partners .
" Guys who are my friends , guys who I visit their homes , I do n't feel like fighting those guys , " Nogueira said .
" It 's the same with my brother -- I can't see him fighting Anderson , they 're too close .
Anderson is one of my best friends , and of course my brother is very close -- I can't see them fighting each other .
Nogueira praised Silva as the best fighter in the world and a great sparring partner , and he said dos Santos has been a tremendous sparring partner for him as well .
But he said that if we want to see any of those Brazilian buddies in the cage with each other , we 're going to have to get invited to their gym to watch them train .
It wo n't happen inside the Octagon .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Update 10/04/13 2:09 p.m PDT : Herman Wallace died in his sleep Thursday , October 3 , 2013 , due to complications from liver cancer .
His conviction was overturned and he was released from prison three days earlier , on October 1 , 2013 .
Before his release , he had been in solitary confinement for nearly 42 years .
For the better part of four decades , Victory Wallace , 70 , has made a monthly trip from New Orleans to the Louisiana State Penitentiary at Angola to visit her brother Herman , who just turned 68 .
The 140 - mile journey has shades of Heart of Darkness , following the course of the Mississippi River to a remote prison colony from which most inmates never return .
At the dark heart of this former slave plantation , Herman Wallace has lived most of the past 37 years in solitary confinement , imprisoned alone for 23 hours a day in a 6 - by - 9 - foot cell .
When Herman was moved in the spring of 2009 from Angola to Hunt Correctional Center near Baton Rouge , Vickie ’s trip got a bit shorter .
But what she found when she arrived on her most recent visit was even worse than usual .
Because of a disciplinary infraction , Herman had been placed in “ extended administrative lockdown . ”
That meant Vickie was denied a contact visit , and was permitted to see her brother only through a glass partition as they spoke over a telephone .
His hands were shackled to the table .
( Other recent visitors reported that the shackles made it hard for him to hold the phone to his ear , while his hearing loss made communication over the telephone difficult . )
Herman complained to Vickie that he was cold , and she thought that he had lost weight .
His spirits , she said , were not the best .
For years , Herman Wallace ’s hopes have ridden on two cases that are inching their way through the courts — one challenging his conviction , the other challenging his long - term solitary confinement .
Now , after a decade of starts and stops , obstacles and delays , both cases are advancing toward conclusions that will determine how he spends what ’s left of his life .
With the exception of a few brief intervals , Wallace has been living in lockdown since 1972 , when he was accused of murdering a young Angola prison guard .
Along with another inmate named Albert Woodfox , he was tried , convicted , and sentenced to life without parole .
Wallace , Woodfox , and a third longtime prisoner called Robert King — who are known as the Angola 3 — are also plaintiffs in a federal lawsuit alleging that their unparalleled time in solitary violates the constitutional ban on cruel and unusual punishment .
The case — which could potentially affect the estimated 25,000 American prisoners living in long - term lockdown — is expected to come to trial in the US District Court in Baton Rouge in early 2010 .
Since 1990 , Wallace has also been appealing his criminal conviction in the Louisiana state courts .
He believes that he was targeted for the guard ’s murder because of his involvement in Angola ’s chapter of the Black Panther Party , which had been organizing against conditions in what was then known as “ the bloodiest prison in the South . ”
Wallace contends that the prosecution ’s witnesses — all of them fellow Angola prisoners — were coached , bribed , coerced , or threatened into giving false testimony against him by prison employees bent on revenge .
“ If they could have hung and burned the guys involved they would have , ” one inmate witness later told Wallace ’s lawyers .
“ But there was too much light on the situation . ”
Documents and testimony that have surfaced since the trial show that prosecutors knew a good part of their case was unreliable or manufactured .
The state ’s own judicial commissioner , assigned to study the case in 2006 , recommended that Wallace ’s conviction be overturned .
Even the prison guard ’s widow has publicly stated that she now doubts the guilt of the two men convicted of her husband ’s murder , and still wants to see his killers brought to justice .
But the Louisiana courts , one after another , have rejected his appeal , providing no reasons for their decisions .
Now , Wallace has turned to the federal courts .
On December 4 , he filed a petition for a writ of habeas corpus — basically , a plea for a reversal of his wrongful conviction .
It is his last chance to win a new trial , and possibly his freedom .
On his side are a team of skilled pro-bono attorneys who have assembled a brief full of evidence that was hidden or suppressed 35 years ago during his original trial .
Against him is an increasingly conservative federal court system , along with two of the most powerful figures in Louisiana criminal justice : Angola ’s famous warden , Burl Cain , and the state ’s ambitious attorney general , James “ Buddy ” Caldwell , both of whom appear determined to fight to the bitter end to ensure that Herman Wallace never again sees the light of day .
The incident that condemned Herman Wallace to a life in lockdown took place at a particularly explosive time in Angola ’s notoriously violent history .
In the early 1970s , Louisiana ’s 5,000 - man penitentiary was the nation ’s largest prison ; it was also notorious for its high rates of murder , rape , and assault .
The former slave plantation ’s 18,000 acres were farmed by prisoners working up to 96 hours a week , overseen by armed inmate guards , known as “ trusties . ”
The trusties also oversaw gambling , drug - dealing , and a monstrous system of sexual slavery — sanctioned by some of the all - white corrections officers , who were referred to by staff and inmates alike as “ freemen . ”
“ Angola in those days was life and death , buying and selling people , and the officers knew it was happening , ” Howard Baker , a prisoner who testified at Wallace ’s trial , stated in a subsequent affidavit .
“ There was a goon squad of guards .
If they came after you , you could get anything from a beating to being killed , and they ’d call it being killed by trying to escape . ”
In addition , Baker said , “ Physical conditions were about as bad as you can get : hot , dirty , overcrowded .
Weapons were everywhere .
You could shake down for weapons one night and have just as many the next .
I saw as many as four stabbings a week , week after week . ”
It was also a time of simmering tensions between longtime employees — many of whom had grown up in the staff community on the prison ’s grounds — and Angola ’s new “ reformist ” leadership .
A few years earlier , Warden C. Murray Henderson and Deputy Warden Lloyd Hoyle had been brought in from out of state to “ clean up Angola . ”
As Wallace ’s habeas petition states :
Their arrival at Angola disrupted [ the Louisiana State Penitentiary ’s ] existing leadership , most of whom had worked their way up the ranks at Angola .
Associate Warden Hayden Dees and the old - guard leadership notably resisted their reform efforts , particularly those aimed at ending racial segregation and those directed at according inmates in extended lockdown , known as CCR ( closed cell restriction ) , with due process .
Associate Warden
Dees in particular believed that “ a certain type of militant or revolutionary inmate , maybe even a communist type , ” should remain under lockdown conditions at all times ; he wanted nothing to do with documenting decisions about who went into lockdown and for how long in compliance with federal court requirements .
Among the “ militant ” inmates were Herman Wallace and Albert Woodfox , both serving time for armed robbery .
After they arrived at Angola they became active members of the prison ’s chapter of the Black Panther Party .
This cadre of inmates organized petitions and hunger strikes to protest the horrendous conditions at the prison , and helped new inmates , known as “ fresh fish , ” protect themselves from sexual assault and enslavement .
For their efforts , some of the Panthers were placed in solitary confinement to suppress what was viewed as a threat to prison authority .
On April 17 , 1972 , 23 - year - old guard Brent Miller was found in front of an inmate dormitory , stabbed 32 times .
Investigators initially had no suspects , but they soon zeroed in on the activists .
In a written description [ PDF ] of his case , Wallace stated that Hayden Dees , the associate warden , “ went well out of his way to tie us in with the death for his own political gain .
He claimed that Henderson and Hoyle were responsible for Miller ’s death by releasing the ‘ militants ’ ( he linked me and Woodfox to those released ) . ”
Statements from Henderson and Hoyle confirm that some of the guards considered them complicit in the killing .
Three days later , Lloyd Hoyle , the deputy warden , was called from home to a meeting of staff members , who accused him of turning loose Miller ’s murderers .
Hoyle was assaulted and pushed through a plate glass door , and nearly bled to death before one of the guards decided to drive him to the hospital .
Wallace was thrown into lockdown the day of Brent Miller ’s murder .
Within a few days , officials had obtained the evidence they needed to charge Wallace and three other so - called “ militants ” — Woodfox , Chester Jackson , and Gilbert Montegut — with the crime .
They were indicted by an all - white , all - male grand jury in nearby St. Francisville , Louisiana , which was home to many prison staff , their families , and friends .
A river town near the Mississippi border , St. Francisville proudly advertises itself as plantation country .
It was also Klan country , and until the civil rights movement and the FBI arrived in the early 1960s , no African American had registered to vote in the parish in more than 60 years .
The defendants in the Miller case contested the indictment on the grounds that women and blacks had been systematically excluded from the jury pool .
They were subsequently re-indicted by another grand jury , chosen through “ the same or substantially the same grand jury selection procedures , ” according to Wallace ’s current brief .
Albert Woodfox was convicted of Miller ’s murder in a separate trial in 1973 .
After being granted a change of venue , the three remaining defendants — Wallace , Jackson , and Montegut — stood trial in East Baton Rouge in January 1974 — before yet another all - white , all - male jury .
The prosecutors in the case presented no physical evidence to tie the three men to the crime .
Although bloody fingerprints had been found near the guard ’s body , they matched none of the defendants ’ .
According to evidence presented in Wallace ’s petition , no effort was made to match them to any of the 5,000 other inmate prints on file .
A bloody knife , likewise , could not be connected to any of the men on trial .
The evidence against them consisted entirely of testimony by other Angola prisoners obtained under highly dubious circumstances .
The prosecution ’s star witness was Hezekiah Brown , whose eyewitness testimony was indispensible to its case .
An aging prisoner serving a life sentence for aggravated rape , Brown said that he had been in the dormitory on the morning of Brent Miller ’s death , and had seen the defendants stab the guard repeatedly .
Former Angola prisoners have said in interviews that Brown was a notorious snitch .
But it would be nearly 25 years before proof emerged showing just what happened behind the scenes to secure his testimony .
In 1998 , lawyers for Wallace ’s co-defendant , Albert Woodfox , succeeded in obtaining previously suppressed witness statements , taped interviews , and other documents from the murder investigation carried out by prison officials , the county sheriff ’s office , and local prosecutors .
These materials , supplemented by testimony by Warden Henderson and others , show that Hezekiah Brown was encouraged , if not coerced , to identify the prisoners already chosen as suspects .
Henderson admitted he promised to seek a pardon for the lifer if Brown helped them “ crack the case . ”
A series of letters to judges , pardon board members , and the secretary of corrections shows that Warden Henderson kept his word , though it would be more than 10 years before Brown ’s pardon came through .
In the meantime , Brown benefitted from an array of special favors , including reassignment to a private room at the low - security “ dog pen ” where the prison ’s bloodhounds were trained and a carton of cigarettes , the crucial prison currency , every week .
Another inmate witness , Joseph Richey , placed Wallace and the others at the scene of the crime ; he was later found to be a schizophrenic who was heavily medicated with Thorazine .
After the trial , Richey was transferred to a plum job at the governor ’s mansion and given weekend furloughs ( during which he robbed several banks ) .
Previously suppressed documents , obtained through the discovery process by Albert Woodfox ’s lawyers in 1998 , show that Angola officials did n’t believe Richey had seen anything .
The state possessed these documents at the time of Wallace ’s trial , and presented his possibly perjured testimony nonetheless .
Howard Baker , yet another prisoner who testified at Wallace ’s trial , has since sworn an affidavit completely recanting his testimony .
Baker had initially been a suspect in Miller ’s murder , and may have been seeking to protect himself .
In the affidavit , Baker states :
So I looked at the situation like this , I got 60 something years , and I got a chance to help myself – so I was going to do something to help me get out of this cesspool … .
So , I gave a statement on 10/16/72 , to Warden Dees , which was a lie .
And my testimony based on that statement was a lie .
I really thought this would help me because Dees told me my statement would get my sentence commuted … .
It was all over the penitentiary that they [ Wallace and Woodfox ] were the ones that administration thought was involved .
So I gave a statement .
The state played its ace - in - the - hole in the middle of the trial , when one of the four co-defendants walked in after a recess and sat down at the prosecution ’s table .
Chester Jackson had turned state ’s witness , and would now testify against the others .
The defense attorney , Charles Garretson , later testified that he “ was in a complete state of shock … it took everything I could glean together to maintain professionalism and sanity and intelligence to go forward after this lunch break . ”
The court gave him less than 30 minutes to prepare to cross -examine his own former client .
Although he denied it on the stand , Jackson had clearly cut a deal ; shortly after the trial , he would plead guilty to manslaughter .
Garretson later said that he felt he was “ the only one in the courthouse that did n’t know this .
I felt that — I know all the deputies knew it .
I felt the judge knew it . ”
These allegations of widespread and deliberate suppression of evidence form the core of Herman Wallace ’s current appeal .
His habeas petition states , “ Mr. Wallace ’s defense strategy was to show that the State ’s inmate witnesses must be either mistaken or lying .
Although the State possessed precisely the information Mr. Wallace ’s defense counsel sought — material which would show that the State ’s witnesses lacked credibility and the State ’s prosecution lacked integrity — the State disclosed none of it . ”
This withholding of evidence , Wallace says , violated his constitutional right to due process .
Wallace ’s remaining co-defendant , Gilbert Montegut , had a prison guard to confirm his alibi , and was acquitted .
Herman Wallace was convicted of the murder .
His conviction happened to fall during a brief period when the Supreme Court had effectively struck down capital punishment — had it come at any other time , Wallace would likely have received a death sentence .
Instead , he got life without parole and was placed in lockdown , along with Woodfox .
The reason given for their confinement in solitary was the nature of the crime — the murder of a guard , which rendered them a threat to others in the prison community .
Both Wallace and Woodfox remain there , ostensibly on the same grounds , 35 years later .
If the story of Herman Wallace ’s trial reads like a study in Southern justice , its sequel shows what has changed in Louisiana in the intervening decades — and what has remained the same .
Wallace and Woodfox now have a small legion of active supporters and an impressive team of lawyers renowned for their death penalty appeals , including Nick Trenticosta , director of the Center for Equal Justice , in New Orleans , and George Kendall at the pro bono unit of Squire Sanders & Dempsey in New York .
But even good lawyers can’t vitiate the Louisiana justice system ’s apparent determination to keep Wallace and Woodfox locked up and locked down , for reasons that appear to go far beyond the facts of the 1972 murder of Brent Miller .
The two men believe that they were originally targeted for the murder because their political beliefs and activism represented a threat to the absolute power of prison authorities .
Statements from Angola ’s current warden , Burl Cain , suggest they are being kept permanently in solitary for much the same reason .
Cain has been widely celebrated for “ transforming ” Angola , largely through the institution of Christian “ moral rehabilitation , ” which he sees as the only path to redemption for the sinners in his charge .
There is no room , either in Cain ’s worldview or on his prison plantation , for people who question authority like Herman Wallace and Albert Woodfox have .
In a 2008 deposition , Cain declared , “ The prison operates with one authentic authoritarian figure , the warden and the rule book . ”
He also said that Woodfox ’s lack of deference made him a dangerous man :
“ The thing about him is that he wants to demonstrate .
He wants to organize .
He wants to be defiant .
He wants to show to others that he is powerful and strong . ”
Woodfox ’s lawyers have pointed out that he had no record of violence and few disciplinary infractions in the past 20 years .
They documented a similar record for Wallace in a 2006 deposition [ PDF ] : “ Mr. Wallace ’s most recent disciplinary report for institutional violence occurred some 22 years ago , ” it said , and in recent years , Wallace ’s handful of infractions included “ possessing handmade earrings and a poem , ‘ A Defying Voice ' ” ; “ wearing a handmade necklace with a black fist ” ; and “ possessing the publication , It ’s About Time , a Black Panther publication 16 containing articles / photos on the Angola three , characterized as , quote , ‘ racist literature ’ by security personnel . ”
His most recent disciplinary report “ was December 2005 , when he was found in the possession of excess number of postage stamps , for which he received thirty days cell confinement . ”
But Cain believes
“ It ’s not a matter of write - ups .
It ’s a matter of attitude and what you are . ”
And to Cain , what Woodfox and Wallace are and will always be is Black Panthers .
Associate Warden Hayden
Dees previously said that “ a certain type of militant or revolutionary inmate , maybe even a communist type ” was dangerous enough to be kept in permanent lockdown .
In 2008 , Cain said that Woodfox belongs in solitary because “ I still know that he is still trying to practice Black Pantherism , and I still would not want him walking around my prison because he would organize the young new inmates .
I would have me all kind of problems , more than I could stand , and I would have the blacks chasing after them . ”
Wallace says that Cain at least once offered to release the two men into the general population if they renounced their political views and accepted Jesus Christ as their savior .
He refused .
Cain declared that “ Albert Woodfox and Herman Wallace is locked in time with that Black Panther revolutionary actions they were doing way back when …
And that ’s still their motive and that ’s still their goal .
And from that , there ’s been no rehabilitation . ”
Louisiana ’s attorney general , Buddy Caldwell , also appears determined to keep the two men in prison at all costs — a vow that he will likely try to uphold even if Wallace ’s case succeeds in federal court .
Caldwell ’s resolve has already been tested in the case of Woodfox :
When a federal judge overturned Woodfox ’s conviction in 2008 and ordered him released on bail , the attorney general sprang into action — filing an emergency motion to keep him behind bars , sending fearmongering emails to the community where Woodfox was planning to stay with his niece , and telling the press that he was “ the most dangerous person on the planet . ”
Persuaded by Caldwell ’s plea and Cain ’s testimony about his dangerous nature , the federal appeals court granted the motion and denied Woodfox bail ; he remains in lockdown , awaiting his appeal .
In a recent letter , Wallace wrote of Caldwell , “ Like most prosecutors , he will never admit he made a mistake , he ’s fighting to keep us imprisoned .
The reputation of the Louisiana justice system is at stake here .
If we gain our freedom it would expose the corruption that is rampant throughout the system . ”
The fate of both Wallace and Woodfox ultimately lies in the hands of the federal Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans — and here , they are worse off than they might have been 40 years ago .
In the 1950s and 1960s , a small group of Fifth Circuit judges — mostly Southern - bred moderate Republicans — won a reputation for advancing civil rights and especially school desegregation .
But today the Fifth Circuit , which covers Louisiana , Texas , and Mississippi , is among the most ideologically conservative of the federal appeals courts .
It is notable for its overburdened docket and for its hostility to appeals from defendants in capital cases , including claims based on faulty prosecution and suppressed evidence .
In particular , the Fifth Circuit has kept the gurneys rolling in Texas ’ busy execution chamber .
The court has even been reprimanded by the US Supreme Court , itself no friend to death row inmates :
In June 2004 , Justice Sandra Day O’Connor wrote that in handing down death penalty rulings , the Fifth Circuit was doing no more than “ paying lip service to principles ” of appellate law .
It will almost certainly be years before Herman Wallace ’s criminal appeal is finally resolved .
While their case is exceptional , Wallace , now 68 , and Woodfox , 62 , are in certain respects emblematic of an entire generation of prisoners who came of age in a time of lengthening sentences and tightening parole restrictions — spared execution to live out their lives in prison , sometimes in complete isolation .
“ I ’m in this cell or in the hall 24/7 , 23 hours in the cell , one hour on the hall , ” he wrote in a letter earlier this year .
“ Either way you look at it I am locked up with no contact with any others .
I use stacks of books for exercise and thereafter I am either writing or reading . ”
Wallace keeps himself together by concentrating on his case .
“ I have no time for foolishness , ” his letter continues .
“ I am in a struggle against the state of Louisiana on two strategic fronts , and hear me when I tell you they are not fighting fair . ”
Perhaps the ultimate irony of Woodfox and Wallace ’s predicament is that while their political beliefs may have doomed them to a life in lockdown , these same beliefs have also given them the strength to endure it .
In his New Yorker piece on solitary confinement as torture , Atul Gawande describes how frequently prisoners have mentally and physically disintegrated in such conditions .
What is remarkable about Wallace and Woodfox is how lucid and resolute they remain .
They stay in close touch with their supporters .
They know every detail of their cases , and when they find the opportunity , they provide counsel to other prisoners .
They take pride in refusing to submit to the dictates of the state or of the warden , to accept anyone else ’s rules or anyone else ’s god .
It ’s what keeps them sane , and perhaps what keeps them alive .
Herman Wallace writes dozens of letters each week .
He composes poems and makes drawings and elaborate paper flowers .
For the past five years , he has also been collaborating on a project with Jackie Sumell , a young artist who first contacted him in 2002 with the question “ What kind of a house does a man who has lived in a six - foot - by - nine - foot cell for over 30 years dream of ? ”
Together they designed a home , which Sumell has translated into architectural plans , models , a traveling exhibit , and a book of drawings and letters called The House That Herman Built .
Wallace describes a house with “ a swimming pool with a light green bottom and a large Panther in the center .
I want flower gardens surrounding the house enclosed .
A garage for two cars .
A large tree in the backyard under which will be my patio . ”
“ To build this house is to build my soul , ” Wallace wrote in a 2006 letter to Sumell .
He continued , “ I ’m often asked what did I come to prison for ; and now that I think about it Jackie , it does n’t matter .
It does n’t matter what I came here for , what matters now is what I leave with .
And I can assure you , however I leave , I wo n’t leave nothing behind . ”
Among the activists who took up the cause of the Angola 3 were the late Anita Roddick , founder of the Body Shop ( and a former Mother Jones board member ) , and her husband , Gordon .
The Roddick ’s family charity , the Roddick Foundation , contributed funding for this story .
NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter has captured more than 13,000 images of the red planet 's surface .
And now , the space agency wants your input on what images to acquire next .
The High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera is currently the most powerful camera on any NASA spacecraft .
The images it has collected are truly amazing .
They highlight how similar the Martian landscape is to Earth in some ways , as well as how otherworldly other parts of Mars can seem .
We 've collected just a few of the oddest and most beautiful shots .
If they inspire you to want to pick the next strange location for HiRISE to focus on , NASA has created a website where you can scan the planet 's surface and make suggestions .
The image above shows a dune field on the floor of a crater made by an asteroid impact .
Click on any image in this gallery for a higher - resolution version .
Image : NASA / JPL / University of Arizona
This image of layered deposits on a plateau in the Valles Marineris region of Mars was taken in 2007 by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter .
The image shows about three - fourths of a mile across .
Scientists think the layers contain opaline silica and iron sulfates formed through alteration by acidic water .
Image : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona
This image is of the carbon dioxide ice cap at the south pole of Mars .
The pattern is formed by the ice vaporizing .
Scientists think that as the ice cap melts from the bottom up , the carbon dioxide turns directly into gas .
It flows beneath the ice to openings , eroding the ground below into a spiderlike network of troughs .
The flowing gas also carries dust that escapes with it and settles into fan - shaped deposits on top of the ice .
This image was taken in February 2009 by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter .
It covers an area around .6 miles across .
Image : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona
This image shows an area within Proctor Crater that has both dunes and ripples .
The smaller , brighter ridges are ripples made of very fine sand .
The larger , darker forms are dunes made of dust from dark volcanic rocks .
This image was taken by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter in February 2009 .
Image : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona
The angle of this image of Victoria Crater reveals layering at the top of the crater walls .
The pattern on the floor of the crater is made of sand dunes .
Tracks from NASA 's Opportunity rover can be seen on the left side of the crater .
This image was taken in July 2009 by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter .
Image : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona
This false - color image looks like it could be of the desert southwest in North America .
These gully channels running from a cliff area near the crater rim show typical shapes made by water - carved streams on Earth .
The image was taken by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter .
Image : NASA / JPL / University of Arizona
Above , Scientists have found evidence of iron - bearing sulfates and clay minerals in the exposed areas of this region of the Noctis Labyrinthus formation .
A dune field covers some of the ground .
Below is an image of the floor of a 600 - mile long canyon called Ius Chasma , which is part of the Valles Marineris , the largest known canyon system in the solar system .
The dark rock is an old lava flow , and the lighter areas are megaripples .
Both images were taken by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter .
Images : NASA / JPL / University of Arizona
These strangely shaped dunes are known as barchan dunes and are common on both Earth and Mars .
The form where winds blow mostly in one direction .
In the area shown above , the winds were blowing from the top right to the bottom left of the image .
Sand is blown up the gentle slopes and falls down the steep lee side of the dunes .
This image was taken by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter in August 2009 .
Image : NASA / JPL / University of Arizona
This image is of the floor of Antoniadi Crater .
The dark branchlike areas may be the remains of channels that carried spring water and were filled with material that hardened .
Subsequently they dried up and wind eroded the ground around the channels over millions , maybe even billions , of years , leaving the more resistant channel rocks as ridges .
Thie image covers around .6 miles across and was taken in March 2009 by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter .
Image : NASA / JPL / University of Arizona
These dunes on a crater floor have a frost of carbon dioxide ice .
In the spring , the ice melts directly into vapor .
The dark streaks in this image may mark places where the gas has escaped .
This image was taken by by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter on Jan. 1 , 2010 .
Image : NASA / JPL / University of Arizona
This image is from the floor of the Hellas Basin , a 1,400 - mile wide impact crater .
The landforms look almost as if they flowed like a viscous material .
This image was taken by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter on Dec. 26 , 2009 .
Image : NASA / JPL / University of Arizona
This image looks remarkably like groves of trees growing among Martian dunes .
But , the trees are an optical illusion .
They are actually dark streaks of sediment on the downwind side of the dunes .
They were created by escaping gas from the evaporating carbon dioxide ice below .
The bottom of the ice melts into vapor and moves toward holes in the ice , carrying dark sediment along with it that is then deposited when the gas escapes .
This image was taken by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter in Aprl 2008 .
Image : NASA / JPL / University of Arizona
The stripes in this image are linear dunes on the floor of a crater in the Noachis Terra region of Mars .
The dark areas are the dunes , and the lighter boulder - strewn lines are between the dunes .
This image was taken by the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter on Dec. 28 , 2009 .
Image : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona
See Also :
January 1 will usher in the last year of the first decade of a new millennium and ten consecutive years of the United States conducting war in the Greater Middle East .
Beginning with the October 7 , 2001 missile and bomb attacks on Afghanistan , American combat operations abroad have not ceased for a year , a month , a week or a day in the 21st century .
The Afghan war , the U.S. ’s first air and ground conflict in Asia since the disastrous wars in Vietnam and Cambodia in the 1960s and early 1970s and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ’s first land war and Asian campaign , began during the end of the 2001 war in Macedonia launched from NATO - occupied Kosovo , one in which the role of U.S. military personnel is still to be properly exposed [ 1 ] and addressed and which led to the displacement of almost 10 percent of the nation ’s population .
In the first case Washington invaded a nation in the name of combating terrorism ; in the second it abetted cross - border terrorism .
Similarly , in 1991 the U.S. and its Western allies attacked Iraqi forces in Kuwait and launched devastating and deadly cruise missile attacks and bombing sorties inside Iraq in the name of preserving the national sovereignty and territorial integrity of Kuwait , and in 1999 waged a 78 - day bombing assault against Yugoslavia to override and fatally undermine the principles of territorial integrity and national sovereignty in the name of the casus belli of the day , so - called humanitarian intervention .
Two years later humanitarian war , as abhorrent an oxymoron as the world has ever witnessed , gave way to the global war on terror ( ism ) , with the U.S. and its NATO allies again reversing course but continuing to wage wars of aggression and “ wars of opportunity ” as they saw fit , contradictions and logic , precedents and international law notwithstanding .
Several never fully acknowledged counterinsurgency campaigns , some ongoing – Colombia – and some new – Yemen – later , the U.S. invaded Iraq in March of 2003 with a “ coalition of the willing ” comprised mainly of Eastern European NATO candidate nations ( now almost all full members of the world ’s only military bloc as a result of their service ) .
The Pentagon has also deployed special forces and other troops to the Philippines and launched naval , helicopter and missile attacks inside Somalia as well as assisting the Ethiopian invasion of that nation in 2006 .
Washington also arms , trains and supports the armed forces of Djibouti in their border war with Eritrea .
In fact Djibouti hosts the U.S. ’s only permanent military installation in Africa to date [ 2 ] , Camp Lemonier , a United States Naval Expeditionary Base and home to the Combined Joint Task Force – Horn of Africa ( CJTF - HOA ) , placed under the new U.S. Africa Command ( AFRICOM ) when it was launched on October 1 , 2008 .
The area of responsibility of the Combined Joint Task Force – Horn of Africa takes in the nations of Djibouti , Ethiopia , Eritrea , Kenya , Seychelles , Somalia , Sudan , Tanzania , Uganda and Yemen and as “ areas of interest ” the Comoros , Mauritius and Madagascar .
That is , much of the western shores of the Arabian Sea and the Indian Ocean , among the most geostrategically important parts of the world . [ 3 ]
U.S. troops , aerial drones , warships , planes and helicopters are active throughout that vast tract of land and water .
With senator and once almost vice president Joseph Lieberman ’s threat on December 27 that “ Yemen will be tomorrow ’s war ” [ 4 ] and former Southern Command chief and NATO Supreme Allied Commander Europe Wesley Clark ’s two days later that “ Maybe we need to put some boots on the ground there , ” [ 5 ] it is evident that America ’s new war for the new year has already been identified .
In fact in mid-December U.S. warplanes participated in the bombing of a village in northern Yemen that cost the lives of 120 civilians as well as wounding 44 more [ 6 ] and a week later “ A US fighter jet …carried out multiple airstrikes on the home of a senior official in Yemen ’s northern rugged province of Sa’ada … . ” [ 7 ]
The pretext for undertaking a war in Yemen in earnest is currently the serio-comic “ attempted terrorist attack ” by a young Nigerian national on a passenger airliner outside of Detroit on Christmas Day .
The deadly U.S. bombing of the Yemeni village mentioned above occurred ten days earlier and moreover was in the north of the nation , although Washington claims al - Qaeda cells are operating in the other end of the country . [ 8 ]
Asia , Africa and the Middle East are not the only battlegrounds where the Pentagon is active .
On October 30 of 2009 the U.S. signed an agreement with the government of Colombia to acquire the essentially unlimited and unrestricted use of seven new military bases in the South American nation , including sites within immediate striking distance of both Venezuela and Ecuador . [ 9 ]
American intelligence , special forces and other personnel will be complicit in ongoing counterinsurgency operations against the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( FARC ) in the nation ’s south as well as in rendering assistance to Washington ’s Colombian proxy for attacks inside Ecuador and Venezuela that will be portrayed as aimed at FARC forces in the two states .
Targeting two linchpins of and ultimately the entire Bolivarian Alliance for the Peoples of Our America ( ALBA ) , Washington is laying the groundwork for a potential military conflagration in South and Central America and the Caribbean .
After the U.S. - supported coup in Honduras on June 28 , that nation has announced it will be the first ALBA member state to ever withdraw from the Alliance and the Pentagon will retain , perhaps expand , its military presence at the Soto Cano Air Base there .
A few days ago “ The Colombian government … announced it is building a new military base on its border with Venezuela and has activated six new airborne battalions ” [ 10 ] and shortly afterward Dutch member of parliament Harry van Bommel “ claimed that US spy planes are using an airbase on the Netherlands Antilles island of Curaçao ” [ 11 ] off the Venezuelan coast .
In October a U.S. armed forces publication revealed that the Pentagon will spend $ 110 million to modernize and expand seven new military bases in Bulgaria and Romania , across the Black Sea from Russia , where it will station initial contingents of over 4,000 troops . [ 12 ]
In early December the U.S. signed a Status of Forces Agreement ( SOFA ) with Poland , which borders the Russian Kaliningrad territory , that “ allows for the United States military to station American troops and military equipment on Polish territory . ” [ 13 ]
The U.S. military forces will operate Patriot Advanced Capability - 3 ( PAC - 3 ) and Standard Missile 3 ( SM - 3 ) batteries as part of the Pentagon ’s global interceptor missile system .
At approximately the same time President Obama pressured Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan to base missile shield components in his country .
“ We discussed the continuing role that we can play as NATO allies in strengthening Turkey ’s profile within NATO and coordinating more effectively on critical issues like missile defense , ” [ 14 ] in the American leader ’s words .
“ Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu has hinted his government does not view Tehran [ Iran ] as a potential missile threat for Turkey at this point .
But analysts say if a joint NATO missile shield is developed , such a move could force Ankara to join the mechanism . ” [ 15 ]
2010 will see the first foreign troops deployed to Poland since the breakup of the Warsaw Pact in 1991 and the installation of the U.S’s “ stronger , swifter and smarter ” ( also Obama ’s words ) interceptor missiles and radar facilities in Eastern Europe , the Middle East and the South Caucasus . [ 16 ]
U.S. troop strength in Afghanistan , site of the longest and most wide - scale war in the world , will top 100,000 early in 2010 and with another 50,000 plus troops from other NATO nations and assorted “ vassals and tributaries ” ( Zbigniew Brzezinski ) will represent the largest military deployment in any war zone in the world .
American and NATO drone missile and helicopter gunship attacks in Pakistan will also increase , as will U.S. counterinsurgency operations in the Philippines and Somalia along with those in Yemen where CIA and Army special forces are already involved .
U.S. military websites recently announced that there have been 3.3 million deployments to Afghanistan and Iraq since 2001 with 2 million U.S. service members sent to the two war zones . [ 17 ]
In this still young millennium American soldiers have also deployed in the hundreds of thousands to new bases and conflict and post - conflict zones in Albania , Bosnia , Bulgaria , Colombia , Djibouti , Georgia , Israel , Jordan , Kosovo , Kuwait , Kyrgyzstan , Macedonia , Mali , the Philippines , Romania , Uganda and Uzbekistan .
In 2010 they will be sent abroad in even larger numbers to man airbases and missile sites , supervise and participate in counterinsurgency operations throughout the world against disparate rebel groups , many of them secular , and wage combat operations in South Asia and elsewhere .
They will be stationed on warships and submarines equipped with cruise and long - range nuclear missiles and with aircraft carrier strike groups prowling the world ’s seas and oceans .
They will construct and expand bases from Europe to Central and South Asia , Africa to South America , the Middle East to Oceania .
With the exception of Guam and Vicenza in Italy , where the Pentagon is massively expanding existing installations , all the facilities in question are in nations and even regions of the world where the U.S. military has never before ensconced itself .
Practically all the new encampments will be forward bases used for operations “ down range , ” generally to the east and south of NATO - dominated Europe .
U.S. military personnel will be assigned to the new Global Strike Command and for expanded patrols and war games in the Arctic Circle .
They will serve under the Missile Defense Agency to consolidate a worldwide interceptor missile network that will facilitate a nuclear first strike capability and will extend that system into space , the final frontier in the drive to achieve military full spectrum dominance .
American troops will continue to fan out to most all parts of the world .
Everywhere , that is , except to their own nation ’s borders .
Notes
1 ) Scott Taylor , Macedonia ’s Civil War : ‘ Made in the USA ’
Antiwar.com , August 20 , 2001
http://www.antiwar.com/orig/taylor1.html
2 ) AFRICOM Year Two : Seizing The Helm Of The Entire World
Stop NATO , October 22 , 2009
http://rickrozoff.wordpress.com/2009/10/22/africom-year-two-taking-the-helm-of-the-entire-world
3 ) Cold War Origins Of The Somalia Crisis And Control Of The Indian Ocean
Stop NATO , May 3 , 2009
http://rickrozoff.wordpress.com/2009/08/28/cold-war-origins-of-the-somalia-crisis-and-control-of-the-indian-ocean
4 ) Fox News , December 27 , 2009
5 ) Fox News , December 29 , 2009
6 ) Press TV , December 16 , 2009
7 ) Press TV , December 27 , 2009
8 ) Yemen : Pentagon ’s War On The Arabian Peninsula
Stop NATO , December 15 , 2009
http://rickrozoff.wordpress.com/2009/12/15/yemen-pentagons-war-on-the-arabian-peninsula
9 ) Rumors Of Coups And War : U.S. , NATO Target Latin America
Stop NATO , November 18 , 2009
http://rickrozoff.wordpress.com/2009/11/18/rumors-of-coups-and-war-u-s-nato-target-latin-america
10 ) BBC News , December 20 , 2009
11 ) Radio Netherlands , December 22 , 2009
12 ) Bulgaria , Romania : U.S. , NATO Bases For War In The East
Stop NATO , October 24 , 2009
http://rickrozoff.wordpress.com/2009/10/25/bulgaria-romania-u-s-nato-bases-for-war-in-the-east
13 ) Polish Radio , December 11 , 2009
14 ) Hurriyet Daily News , December 30 , 2009
15 ) Ibid
16 ) Black Sea , Caucasus : U.S. Moves Missile Shield South And East
Stop NATO , September 19 , 2009
http://rickrozoff.wordpress.com/2009/09/19/283
U.S. Expands Global Missile Shield Into Middle East , Balkans
Stop NATO , September 11 , 2009
http://rickrozoff.wordpress.com/2009/09/11/u-s-expands-global-missile-shield-into-middle-east-balkans
17 ) World ’s Sole Military Superpower ’s 2 Million - Troop , $ 1 Trillion Wars
Stop NATO , December 21 , 2009
http://rickrozoff.wordpress.com/2009/12/21/worlds-sole-military-superpowers-2-million-troop-1-trillion-wa
Stop NATO
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/stopnato
Blog site :
http://rickrozoff.wordpress.com/
To subscribe , send an e-mail to :
[ email protected ]
or
[ email protected ]
Daily digest option available .
While commenting on a recent post at Proud Atheists , I found myself again reflecting on how I have more respect for fundamentalist Christians than many of the so - called liberal Christians .
Of course , I realize that " respect " is n't the best word here because little of what religious fundamentalists believe is worthy of respect .
I recognize that the fundamentalist forms of any religion are far more dangerous than the liberal to moderate forms .
Still , there is something a bit more admirable about someone who tells us what he or she believes and then acts in accordance with it versus someone who does not .
How can I possibly have more respect for the fundamentalist Christian than the liberal Christian , especially when my worldview is so much more similar to that of the liberal Christian ?
Like the liberal Christian , I reject a literal reading of Genesis in favor of evolution .
Like the liberal Christian , I think that religion is most tolerable when it is directed toward helping others as opposed to converting , enslaving , or destroying them .
Like the liberal Christian , I find some of the teachings attributed to Jesus to be morally acceptable and much of the Old Testament to be horrific in its immorality .
While watching The Atheism Tapes recently , I was overjoyed to see this very question come up in one of the interviews .
Nobel Prize - winning American physicisttackled this one , and I finally heard an explanation for what I have felt but not adequately understood .
Even if the rest of the interviews were n't as excellent as they were , this part would have made the whole collection worthwhile .
What Weinberg said , and I am paraphrasing greatly here , is that religious fundamentalists have a coherent worldview while religious liberals do not .
What makes the fundamentalists more appealing to some of us is that they possess a theory of the world that we can examine , comprehend , and even test .
Weinberg said that this appeals to him as a scientist , and I think he 's absolutely right .
Religious liberals , as compared with fundamentalists , have no coherent theory or worldview .
They are all over the place in picking various bits they like while ignoring the parts they do n't care for .
This results in an incoherent mosaic of ideas slapped together without any sort of unifying principles .
Much like the " New Age " perspectives many Christians love to criticize , liberal religion offers no theory to understand or evaluate .
There is plenty I despise about fundamentalist Christianity .
I 'd much rather associate with liberal Christians in my day - to - day life , and I 'd much rather have them in positions of political power .
However , I now have a better sense of what I do find more appealing about the fundamentalists and why .
Andrew : Alright , two things before we get started .
First , I recently got an email from James Lindstorm , Lindstrom .
I can never pronounce anyone ’s names right .
James wanted to know if I had a few minutes for a phone call with him and that gave me an idea for something I can do with my new grasshopper.com phone number .
So , Grasshopper gave me a phone number with extensions and all kinds of different cool features like no matter where I am in the world I can get calls .
So here ’s what I ’m gonna do with it .
I ’m gonna open it up to you .
If you wanna have a conversation with me about your business , about just about , actually not just about anything .
I ’m gonna limit it to business .
If you wanna have a conversation about something that ’s going on in your business .
How to find a mentors .
How to , if you ’re struggling with something .
If there ’s anything I can help with , leave a comment and I will email you back and we ’ll set up a time for us to talk on my Grasshopper number which will reach me no matter where I am .
Second note I wanna make is I ’ve got a new sponsor which is Shopify .
Shopify.com makes it insanely easy to create an online store and you ’re gonna hear in this interview how an entrepreneur created an online t- shirt store and how big a business it turned out to him , to be for him .
If you want to create your own store , a t- shirt store , a sweater store , any kind of store at all .
Try out shopify.com .
In a few seconds you ’ll have your store .
Alright , so , there are my notes , there are my sponsors .
Guys , Shopify , Grasshopper , thank you and I hope everybody tries ’em out .
Here ’s the interview .
Hey everyone , it ’s Andrew Warner , mixergy.com , home of the ambitious upstart and as you guys know the mission here is to bring experienced entrepreneurs to talk about what it ’s really like to build a business .
So that the rest of us can learn from their experiences .
And today I ’ve got a guest with me , Josh Abram , Josh Abramson .
Excuse me Josh , I ’ve already screwed up the first , the first screw up already .
Josh and a buddy of his , as freshmen in college , created collegehumor.com and a first , according to The New York Times , posted stupid college stuff online .
Basically , picutres of themselves goofing around and then others added more pictures to the website as they subbmitted them .
And before long they built that they sold 51 % of to InterActiveCorp .
The company owned by Barry Diller .
How did I do with that intro ?
Interviewee :
That ’s , yeah it ’s pretty close .
It ’s pretty good .
Andrew :
What did I miss ?
I know that I missed that you guys launched BustedTees .
That you guys acquired Sports Pickle .
What , what else should have I included ?
Interviewee : Yeah , well , that ’s , yeah , that ’s , you know , the past ten years .
So , basically , you know , real quick .
The idea for CollegeHumor came , my , my best friend growing up , Ricky Van Veen and I were , you know , looking to start a web business .
My brother at the time was one of the first guys at ad.com .
And was telling me about these content driven websites that were , you know , getting these big checks from them every month .
And that it was , you know , I remember the one in particular was joecartoon.com .
You know , the frog in the blender guy , and he telling me they were making $ 20,000 a month .
Which as an 18 year old , that ’s like the craziest amount of money you could even imagine .
So , so Ricky and I were going back and forth with different ideas .
After , you know , being in the dorms for a couple months we saw that there was all this funny stuff kinda floating around the dorms .
Pictures , videos , etc .
So CollegeHumor was , as you said , you know , just a place to put all of that in one , you know , in one spot .
So as we continued to build on this throughout college it became a little bit more about our , our voice , and then as , you know as we provided content and started to focus on College Humor full time .
It eventually , you know , became more and more about the original concept , which kinda brings us to where we are today .
Where the site is , you know , it ’s really focused on its , on the original content .
[ static ]
And then , you mentioned BustedTees .
BustedTees was created , you know as I said , CollegeHumor was started as an ad business .
And as , I think , everybody knows who ’s in that business , it can be very hard , especially in the early days .
So , when we realized that it was , that we were n’t making the kind of money we wanted to on the ad side .
We thought , well , how else can we monetize this audience .
And we were , at the time , doing a lot of , like , affiliate program kind of thing with Tshirt Pal was one of our biggest sponsors at the time .
So , so we thoug
ht , why do n’t we make our own t- shirts and we ’ll be able to make more money .
We ’ll be able to , you know , promote them on the site .
So that was how BustedTees was started .
That was , I guess , 2004 .
And for a while we thought , you know , we ’re in the t- shirt business , you know , forget about this CollegeHumor business , ’ cause the t- shirt business just grew so quickly .
Then during that time , you know , CollegeHumor , you know , also continued to grow .
At which point we moved to New York in 2005 .
Our former partner , Jakob Lodwick , came up with the idea for vimeo.com .
The transcript for minute 5 till minute 10 is BELOW this line .
Interviewee : … which was – it first went online , I guess , December of 2004 ( is that right ? ) and started to work on that as well and we had a bunch of other smaller projects that did n’t amount to much and then in August of 2006 we did our deal with Barry .
And that ’s where we are now .
Andrew : Alright , well …
That ’s a– that ’s a great summary .
I wish I– I would ’ve been able to give that kind of introduction .
I think it gives us a quick summary of what ’s happened over the last few years .
I wanna dig a lot deeper into it and really understand it .
So you ’re saying is that the original idea for the site was to bring in revenue from advertising and you used humor as a way to get the traffic over to your site that you were then gonna monetize through advertising .
Interviewee : Sure .
Andrew : Okay–
Interviewee : Yeah–
Go ahead ?
Andrew : No , no .
What were you going to say ?
Interviewee : I was gonna say , you know , that the reason that we kind of stuck with humor was we were taking kind of funny pictures and videos of our friends freshman year of high– of college , rather , and realized that it was pretty easy to get people to look at something funny .
If I send you a link to 10 funny videos , you might watch a couple of them .
If I send you a link to 10 news articles , you ’re maybe a little less likely to read them .
If I send you a link to 10 songs or …
Ya know , there ’s– there ’s certain things that are really easy to get people to pay attention to and others that take a little more commitment ; so humor , I think , is something that ’s really easy to get– ya know , to turn viral .
So , that was something we realized , maybe a little bit by luck in the beginning ; and then as we continued to to focus on it , we realized that if you can find funny things , it ’s pretty easy to build an audience on that .
Andrew : Alright , but that brings up a question that I ’m getting here from startups.com , one of the viewers is asking :
How did you get from zero to millions of people ?
And I ’d actually like to start off a little bit smaller - how did you get - anybody - to notice that you were putting up those funny pictures back when it was just you and your partner ?
Interviewee : Right .
Well , again , when we were first – I made a Geocities page for my second month of college and before going to college , I really did n’t use the computer that much .
I , ya know , had an email address and knew how to use , like , AOL .
I mean I really was not a tech guy at all .
So , starting a Geocities page , for me , was like a pretty big deal and I managed to get a thousand page views on this Geocities page , which was just pictures of my roommates and I doing stupid stuff , ya know , first month at school and I thought …
Ya know , that was right when I heard from my brother who was working at ad.com .
I forget the exact numbers , but he said something about if you get [ x ] thousands of people to come to your site every month , I can pay you , ya know , $ 20,000 .
$ 20,000 , I remember , was the number that stayed in my head as , you know , you can conceivably make this much money every month and that was just so incredible to me at the time .
So , once I saw that I can get a thousand people to go to this really poorly done Geocities page , I thought well if we actually put some effort into this and tried really hard to promote it , we could get , ya know , maybe thousands , or hundreds of thousands .
So , when we first put collegehumor online , we– I would print up all these flyers that jokes and funny pictures and things like that and I would drive to local universities .
At first , I did my own school obviously and realized that it was working so I would put over urinals , ya know , like one of the first things I put up was the story of the guy who went to the hospital after trying to mimic the pie scene in American Pie .
So , I had that news article and I put it everywhere and then I went to JMU and I went to Virginia Tech and I went to UVA and next I knew , I had all these Virginia schools ; tons of people were coming to this site so then I went to Maryland .
We keep doing that and then I realized that if I– ya know , because we had such a loyal following in the early
days , I was able to get people to agree to put our flyers at their school .
So , I would send them a tee - shirt and , ya know , 200 flyers printed out and then they would put them up and that was really the earliest thing that we did , was just putting up flyers , and that ’s how we got the first couple hundred thousand page views going .
Andrew : I see .
So on collegehumor.com , you were telling your audience ‘ If you like what we ’re doing , print up flyers , put it up on your schools , and we ’ll give you some swag in return . ’
Interviewee : Yeah , I would actually …
Andrew : Now …
Interviewee : Well , I would actually print out the flyers for them and I would put them in an envelope and send it with a tee - shirt .
Actually , I think I sent the flyers first and then I would send the tee - shirt , as if that was gonna , ya know , maybe motivate them .
( laugh )
It ’s funny to think about people doing that for us today but back then it seemed to work .
Andrew : Did you do anything to make it viral from the beginning ; like encouraging people to tell their friends about the site , like including a tell - a- friend form within each article .
Anything like that ?
The transcript for minute 10 till minute 15 is BELOW this line .
Interviewee : Yeah , I mean not in the early days and we did n’t know what you know , I do n’t even know — I ’m sure it did exist in some capacity but you know , but there was no — I do n’t think we introduced any kind of you know , tell a friend situation and so , you know , probably two or three years in and keeping in mind you know , we had extremely limited tech knowledge or you know , we built the site in front page and — and thought that was like pretty advanced at the time you know , not that Ricky and myself knew how to program so it was really — we really did n’t know what we were doing , we just you know , we were — so when we were thinking of marketing , it was really you know , telling our friends you know , through IM we would you know , tell all our friends to IM everybody on their buddy list or you know , whatever you know , the — the most obvious things were at the time .
And then — and then we would also you know , try and get a lot of press in like campus newspapers so we got written out there and a couple of things and it was sort of it ’s funny looking back on it because we really did n’t have much of anything and beside , we actually just had our tenth anniversary last week so we put up a version of the site that looks exactly like it did when we first launched and you can see — if you go I think it might still be up .
You know , it was pretty terrible and the fact that we were able to get all these people to write about us still shocks me because we did n’t you know , we did n’t have that much of an audience so we were n’t really making money or anything but somehow , I think we — we faked it until we made it a little bit .
Andrew :
Who was writing about you guys ?
Interviewee : Who — just you know , we were able to go after you know , reporters and student newspapers and we even find today when we you know , put out you know , books and our College Humour TV show on MTV and all these things .
It ’s — it ’s you know , been a big resource for us to go after you know , the student newspapers and — and I think you know , for you know , so that benefit any of their — their kind of — but they are willing to listen a little bit more than perhaps you know , than the other times you know , like the Wall Street journal so if you — if you put a little more effort then you can you know , have more results you know , on like —
Andrew : Yeah .
Interviewee : — the granular level .
Andrew :
And again , one of the viewers on startups.com is asking us how much did you invest in the business and it sounds like it ’s pretty much nothing .
It ’s a few bucks just for the software and —
Interviewee : Yeah , I think —
Andrew : — the domain .
Interviewee : — yeah , Ricky and I , I think we had each put like $ 150.00 and — and we never really had to spend it because we were you know , again , it did n’t cost anything to — to really you know , get the site up and running , the flyers were you know , $ 100.00 to start and then because we were you know , we started sort of at the perfect time before the bubble burst , we were working with this ad network called blahblah.com at the time and you know , in our — I think our third or second , our third month , we got a cheque for $ 8,000.00 for really you know , minimal traffic and — and I remember that was sort of like the moment where I realized this is you know , this is actually like a real thing and I think you know , you could have start — you could start the same or we can just try and start the same thing today and it could take us you know , even with you know , our infrastructure here , it could take us you know , six months or you know , a long time before actually making any real revenue on a — on a website so you know , and then it was just sort of you know , at that hours no real progress and it was sort of a lucky time for us .
Andrew : Wow !
Within a couple of months to — within three months to bring in $ 8,000.00 like you said it would take a long time to build up the traffic and to get the — the ad revenue for that and it was all CPM advertising , right ?
Interviewee : Sure .
Yeah , it was exactly , I mean it was basically you know , you put an ad code on — on the top of your page for 468 banner and you know , it ’s pretty much like a $ 4.00 or you know , even more flat CPM for every impression you could serve so then once your — you know , when your business is as simple as you know , every time you get an you know , an ad impression you know , another person to come , you are guaranteed the revenue of someone you know , who ’s — who ’s guaranteed to you know , it ’s — all you have to do is think about how I do get more people , how I do get more people and then it you know , took us a while to realize that that was n’t sustainable and that you know , now , you know , obviously you have to spend a lot of time thinking about how you are going to bring in the next ad deal versus just you know , getting the traffic .
Andrew :
What happened after the bubble burst and all that advertising money dried up ?
Interviewee : Well , basically we were still in college and at the time we — we had done a deal about six months after we launched College Humour .
We had a couple of people who were interested in buying the site from us you know , for — some were offering us you know , millions of dollars even though we never would have seen that money because these companies you know , went under before we would have you know , been paid our earn - out or whatever it was .
We did a couple of deals that you know , guaranteed us ad revenue and then once those deals dried up , we you know , we are back with the site , our traffic had grown throughout that time but we really did n’t know how to make money on the site .
We you know , we had been lucky and done a couple of deals but it did n’t really you know , I think it was — it was more luck of being in the right place at the right time than anything else .
The transcript for minute 15 till minute 20 is BELOW this line .
Interviewee : … about six months after we launched College Humor , we had a couple of people who were interested in buying this site from us .
Some were offering us millions of dollars even though we never would have seen that money because these companies went under before we would have been paid our [ xx ] or whatever it was .
We did a couple of deals that guaranteed us ad revenue , and then once those deals dried up , we ’re back with the site , our traffic had grown throughout that time .
But we really did n’t know how to make money on this site .
It ’d been lucky and done a couple of deals , but I think it was more luck or being in the right place at the right time than anything else .
So then we had to figure out how do we actually monetize this traffic that we have ?
Also , during that time , we did n’t have to pay our server bills because these ad networks were willing to cover your server cost , so with zero expenses and just the check coming in every month .
So now , we had to figure out how to pay for Web serving , how to deal with all of that which we did n’t never had to worry about , and then again , monetize our traffic .
So , it started using co-registration on tell - a- friend forums , figuring out what affiliate programs might work out .
I really took the approach trying to do a lot of little things .
So , figuring if I can make $ 20 or $ 30 a day on this and $ 50 a day on this and added it all up and eventually , it got to $ 3,000 or $ 4,000 a month and it got to $ 5,000 or $ 6,000 .
Then , after a couple of months , we were marginally profitable .
And then , I think it was actually a really good thing that that happened because , as I said , before then , all we were thinking about was how do we built out the content on this site .
We did n’t have to worry much about monetization or worrying about expenses .
In doing that , I think , it was my job to figure out how do we actually make money on this .
I think it was really sort of motivating to now have this task like , “ All right , either I figure out how to make money on this thing or it ’s going to die . ”
I think that it was sort of put skin in the game .
I was being forced to figure that out .
That happened , I remember , I was a junior , so I guess , that was at the beginning of 2002 .
( Does that make sense ? )
Around there .
( laughs )
Then , by the time we were on our senior year , we have decided we ’re going to do College Humor after college .
So then , school sort of took a backseat and then it was easier to make the decision to just spend as much time as possible trying to build the business .
Andre : OK .
By the way , I see the questions that you , guys , there are putting out there .
I ’m going to do my best to get to all of them .
Michael [ xx ] question , we ’re going to get to BustedTees in a little bit .
StartUps.com is running us also on their website so that people can ask questions on their website , too .
But before I get to the audience questions , I want to find out about of all the different things that you tried to bring in revenue after the bubble burst , what was the best source of revenue ?
I feel like that brought out the creativity in all of us .
Interviewee : I think the thing that was actually the most profitable was selling posters on AllPosters affiliate program .
We would take pictures of like … there ’s one poster in particular , I remember , it was called “ The Kiss , ” and it was two girls kissing .
And that was like , you know , we would just sell tons and tons of these posters .
Because we were n’t really big enough to sell any brand advertising or anything that was outside of the kind of the Affiliate CPA realm , we focused on trying to optimize affiliate programs .
T - shirts were also a big thing , and then we came to the decision of , “ Well , is it easier to start a poster business or a t - shirt business ? ”
As it turns out , it ’s much easier to start a t - shirt business , so that ’s why we did it .
Andrew :
What about the dumbest thing that you , guys , tried that you , now , are just laughing at when you think back that you thought that it would bring in revenue ?
Interviewee : It ’s a good question .
I mean , it ’s hard to remember because I think it ’s so easy to tell when things are working or when they ’re not working .
When it comes to monetization , I think , especially when you ’re talking about affiliate programs or things that you can put up on the site and you know within three hours if people are clicking on it or if you ’re making money .
I think we would find out so quickly that it just sort of I can’t even remember .
But I do n’t think we did anything that was so crazy that were , you know , “ What were you thinking ? ! ”
Andrew :
How much co-registration in the tell - a- friend forum ?
That ’s where when somebody tells their friend about your site , you offer them an opportunity to sign up .
Interviewee :
You offer them an opportunity to get a great additional newsletter .
I do n’t think that was something that we did for very long .
Again , it was in the frantic , like , how we possibly going to pay our server bill because we do n’t know how to make money on this thing ?
That was sort of during that moment , but I think it was making us a thousand dollars a month .
It was nominal as we finally figure out how to make money , but in the very early stages of that , it was somewhat significant .
Andrew :
That was a big portion of my business back then .
We did a lot of tell - a- friend forums and a lot of co-registration within those forums .
Why did n’t you quit college ?
You ’re bringing in good money .
You had a good opportunity here .
If you committed yourself even more , if you both did , you could have done God knows how much ?
Or at least , that was what it seemed like .
Interviewee : I think , it was never really even an option for us to consider quitting school .
First off , I remember , I was getting frustrated with my friend , Ricky , because he was a better student than I was and he actually seemed to care and I would say , “ Why do you care if you get an A in a class and not a C ? ”
Once I realized that I was doing College Humor after school , I sort of took the approach of , you know , as long as I graduate , that ’s all I really care about .
But also , I enjoyed being in school .
I feel like I did learn a few things .
But again , I think you have so much free time in college , unless you ’re trying to get a straight A’s or you ’re a pre-med or something .
The transcript for minute 20 till minute 25 is BELOW this line .
Interviewee : … you know as we finally think we have to make money but you know in the very early stages of that it was — it was you know somewhat significant .
Andrew :
As a big portion of my business back then —
Interviewee : Yeah .
Andrew :
We did a lot of telephone forms and a lot of coal registration with him , within those forms , why did n’t you quit college , you are bringing in good money , you had a good opportunity here , if you committed yourself even more , if you ‘re able , then you could have done , that knows how much or at least what it would seem like ?
Interviewee : I think it was never even really an option for us to consider quitting school , I mean I do n’t think that first of all I remember I was getting frustrated with my partner Reggie because he was you know a better student and I was n’t , he was actually — he actually seem to care , and I would always say you know will you , you know , why you care if you get ‘ A ’ in the class and that is — see I was always — yeah once I realize that I was doing college after school I so it was sort of a departure as long as I graduate , that ’s you know , all I really care about , but — no , I also –- I enjoyed being in school , I like you know , I feel I did learn a few things , but again you know , I think you have so much free time in college and that ’s where you are trying to get straight
As or your premed or something that if you are , you know , just like a business major like I was , it was n’t the most demanding course in the , you know , and again I think , but it ’s how we realize this is certainly something we are going to do after college , we have already you know in our senior years , so I think it ’s a dropout and your senior does n’t really make a whole lot of sense .
Andrew :
It ’s not right you are bringing a $ 8,000 , you think that at that point you are making so much money that you want to leave ?
Interviewee : Well , it ’s fun because people used to ask when I was in college , you know , you are going to — you think you will do this after college and I remember thanking , you know that ’s sounds crazy , what I am going to like the some 28 year old running website for college humor , I think it does n’t make any sense , you know which is a kind of funny thing if you think about it in hindsight .
Andrew : OK .
So , now onto Michael approves question , that ’s actually my brother Michael , he is saying , was the t- shirt company pissed when you copy their business .
They are advertiser for big source of revenue ?
Interviewee : T - shirt help you know I think I did n’t realize at the time but I actually talked to , I believe his name is Aaron , I said alright the guy who started t- shirt help and I think he would say we copy them a little bit , I think the difference was you know , I mean it ’s not a novel idea to start with t- shirt company as there has been thousands of people that have started t- shirt companies and I think the ideas of what ’s on the t- shirts are really worth extinguished , you know one t- shirt company from the other and I think you know we had a very different sensibility in part of the idea that I have was t- shirt however which again was our you know one of our biggest affiliate program at the time at the time , you know their shirts are , it ’s very few shirts that I would even put on my body and go out in public you know and I think most people would probably agree with that .
Our idea was you know let ’s not put you know make vulgar shirts , let ’s make shirts that you could put on your six - year old or you could wear is you know [ xx ] the joke is n’t necessarily dirty , it ’s just funny .
So we try to be a little more awesome in hopes that you know more people would actually wear the shirts as opposed to just looking at them and laughing .
Andrew : I see , right .
And you said at one point you were almost a t - shirt company because more the revenue was coming in from the t- shirt business than from the collegehumor.com .
Interviewee : Yeah .
See , when we started t- shirt business do really quickly and then we started — you know I think I could a step back and one of the other things that push us into the t- shirt business was my partner Reggie had an idea for a thumb hand in the shape of the shocker and — so you know we fear that how to get a patent on this you know design patent on the shocker to how a make some hands and we started making these things for a dollar each and selling them for 10 and then you know we are selling you know a hundreds a day and it was you know just crazy in a couple of months where everybody you know the college and all over the place wanted these shocker hands .
So then we realized sort of the power of e-commerce and the power we had , you know , with your audience in college humor , so that was sort of you know when we came to a conclusion that alright we have to do this t- shirt thing that we could have been talking about .
And then as I said this was I guess about 2000 , you know that was in 2000 , end of 2003 , we started [ xx ] at the beginning of 2004 and at that time that it was really hard for us to make any real money on ads and we are making , you know , enough money there , so not to have to go and get other jobs but it was , you know , a big business .
And then the t- shirts , you know , within a couple of months were bringing in as much revenue more than the advertising , so then it was you know to see the growth happen , you know , over a few months , you know , in a new business that is you know is compare to the business you have been running for five years , four years , it was exciting to see , so that was one we — because I think it ’s worth learning when we graduated and we decided we are going to do college humor , the idea was not … .
The transcript for minute 25 till minute 30 is BELOW this line .
Interviewee : So , that was one way — you know , because I think , you know , it ’s worth noting when we graduated and when we decide we ’re going to CollegeHumor the idea was not , all right , we ’re going to turn CollegeHumor into this huge media company and we ’re going to sell it to Berry Diller , that was never the goal .
The goal was you know , it was — at the time it was my , you know , founding partner Ricky and we brought on two other partners during the course of college and we had all just at that moment started working together and everybody kind of had different skills and we were just really excited to be partners and working together and it was n’t clear whether CollegeHumor was going to be our business or whether we were going to try and start something else and we had so many ideas for you know — you know , I think we probably you know , tried starting we had — we started a site called CampusHook.com which is a dating site for college kids pre Facebook , MySpace , you know , all that stuff which did n’t work but you know for a while we thought maybe that ’s the thing , you know , thinking that you know , the subscription model kind of like [ xx ] or you know , so we had all these different things we were trying to do and it was n’t clear which one was going to hit .
So when we started BustedTees it was n’t like oh , we ’re abandoning this CollegeHumor thing it was — this is the thing that we are meant to do .
And then CollegeHumor you know , continue to grow during that period , almost despite us because we were focused on you know this other business and then we took a step back and realized that you know , this is maybe a company that we could you know , sell to a media company or you know turn into something they are so , you know so — again it was n’t really , you know , the focus from the beginning to do that .
Andrew :
All right .
I understand how putting up a website for BustedTee is fairly easy because you ’ve some experience with it .
But what about printed out t- shirts , sending out t- shirts , collecting revenue , dealing with customer service , how did you get to do with all of that ?
Do you do it all yourselves ?
Interviewee :
We did , I mean , you know , we did n’t print the t- shirts ourselves .
We found a company that did the printing for us and they also had a fulfillment company in - house , you know , obviously there ’s you know tons of things you learn you know very quickly when you know your customer start sending back the shirts or you know , your printing is off centre or you know the quality control is n’t what you , you know , imagine and you know , I think it ’s impossible to you know think of all these things before you just jump in because you know , we just jumped in , I think it was easy enough for us to you know , deal with the problems you know , as they came up .
Andrew : OK .
So , you build the website , you take payment , you had your own payment process ?
Interviewee : Yeah , we — actually I ’m trying to think how we did it initially .
I think actually , you know , when we first did the Shocker , we used — I think we did a Yahoo store and then — and then we figured out you know , we could save money if we use , you know , payment [ xx ] you know , whoever we ’re using at the time and —
Andrew : For merchant account .
Interviewee :
You know , so that — pardon ?
Andrew : For merchant account .
Interviewee : Yeah , exactly .
And , you know , but it was — you know again it ’s — one of those thing were I think , when we first thought you know let ’s do this and then we started to realized like , there are all these things that we had figure out how to do you know .
There was no problem that we did n’t figure out you know , just after you know , sitting down for a couple of hours or day at most and just saying all right , today I ’m going to figure out how do I you know , accept Credit Cards on the web or how do I , you know — you know , it ’s not like rocket science or anything .
Andrew : OK .
And you ’re saying that while you ’re focused on this and a couple of other ideas , College Humor just continued to grow on its own .
How did you have it so that it was almost automatically working ?
Interviewee :
We know , I mean , it was , you know , a lot of it was — especially back then , it was usually generated contents so , essentially you know my — my partner Ricky would just go through and look at all the submissions for the day and then say this is funny , this is n’t , this is funny and then just put up the funny stuff and write you know , a short caption .
I mean , it was n’t that we were doing no work , it was just that you know , at the time , there were three of us and you know , three of us and a fourth partner who was still in college and we were trying to you know , build this teacher business , we had these other things and so you know , obviously there was not that much , you know not that many total man hours going in to keeping the setup and running but — but it was so pretty simple site at the time and traffic you know , is continuing to grow steadily you know , and also , I think its worth noting that you know , today when you look at what ’s on CollegeHumor and where the traffic is being generated and you look at you know , the past few years on CollegeHumor , use of generated contents has been on the decline up until recently where it sort of rebelled out and the only reason our traffic is growing so much recently is because of the original content and it did n’t really hit us until YouTube kind of exploded with a Lazy Sunday video that UGC content when there are —
The transcript for minute 30 till minute 35 is BELOW this line .
Interviewee : … you know , sites like YouTube out there , it ’s really hard to have a viral hit because people are going to find it on — you know , it ’s going to be on YouTube before it ’s on College Humor in most cases and then it ’s going to be everywhere .
So with our original content it ’s only on College Humor at least for , you know , Window so when it gets to be No. 1 on Digg , everybody is pointing to College Humor .
when people are sharing on Facebook , everybody is pointing to the same thing .
So , you know , back then there was no YouTube , there really was n’t that much competition so we ’re able to get and build an audience exclusively on music generated content and there was no YouTube and there is no community of people that were sort of curating the web for UGC , you know , us spending a couple of hours a day doing it was sufficient .
Andrew : I see .
When did you — what was the first thing that you guys started to — how did you make the transition ?
Sorry I ’m —
Interviewee : Into original ?
Andrew : Yeah , I ’m not asking the question properly .
I ’m trying to learn about the transition , I ’m not asking a question that leads into it properly .
Interviewee : Yeah , so I think the moment where we — I guess probably about the year prior to us selling IAC , when we first started doing original content and I think , you know , when I refer to original content , I ’m referring more specifically to original video content .
We ’ve been doing original articles on the site for years and a lot of the people who are writers and , you know , are editors today have been writing for the site for years before they were even hired and they ’ve been there for years now .
So we ’ve been doing that for quite a long time but we realized that there was a demand for original video content .
So we started making , we called it — I think in the beginning it was called College Humor TV and we would make these like , you know , 10 - minute episodes of a bunch of clips put together and then we thought we should probably just cut them into individual clips and if you look at the first few , they ’re really bad and then we hired a guy named Sam Reich who is our president of original content and he knew how to make really funny videos and he built out a team and this was I guess the summer of 2006 and that was really when we began in earnest , our original video projects .
Andrew : I see .
By the way for anyone who is watching and seeing that I am getting a little distracted here , I now have two different screens , the guys over at startups.com said that they would help me get questions from the audience because that ’s what they do , they get questions and I am getting terrific ones from them but at the same I am seeing people direct message me and I ’m seeing people on Twitter ask me questions and I think this might be a little too much or maybe we need the dashboard guys at startups.com that combines it all for me so I can look at just one screen .
There is a lot of interest in your story , I keep getting more and questions from people about how you did it , about partnerships , here is the big one that ’s been coming up a lot , people are asking about .
It ’s hard enough to have a partnership which is two people and keep it strong , you guys had four people together working on a business .
How do you keep a partnership like that going ?
Interviewee : That ’s a good question .
I have gotten that a lot and I have certainly heard enough , you know , horror stories of other people that have had really bad partnerships .
So again I started the business with my best friend growing up , Ricky , we met in the sixth grade and also Ricky was always sort of , you know , he was kind of the contact guy , he was the business guy and he was always pretty clear whenever there was an issue or something that we disagreed on , it was kind of , you know , and we still do this today .
We ’ll go out to dinner and I , you know , will leave the tip for both of us so he does n’t have to think about the numbers .
So it was sort of this relationship where — and it still is today to an extent although , you know , the lines have bled a bit , you know , over 10 years where , you know , he thinks about some things and I think about others and because we were n’t really trying to do the same thing , I think it worked out well .
When we brought on our third partner Jacob , which was —
Jake became a partner in the business two years after we started it and Jacob was , you know , we met him very soon after we started College Humor and he was able to program websites and knew how to design things and had this whole other skill set that was so far from anything we knew how to do that when he joined , it was also , you know , we respected what he knew how to do and he kind of he respected what we knew how to do and again it was complementary and then when our fourth partner Zach Klein started , which I guess is two years after Jacob , you know , it was kind of the same thing Zach Klein incredible designer , he understand usability and also he ’s good at a thousand other things but I think we just all had a mutual respect for each other and again because we were sort of all focused on very specific things , you know , we were able to , you know , just make it work .
I think also there were two other things .
I think first off we were all best friends really —
The transcript for minute 35 till minute 40 is BELOW this line .
Interviewee : — I think first , we are all best friends really .
And we — you know we were really just enjoying .
We were living in San Diego together and we would wake up at you know nine in the morning , we would have breakfast together .
Working till lunch , we have lunch keep reminding that we are living and working together which maybe I did n’t say that , but so living and working in the same apartment .
So we would have lunch together and would work until dinner time .
We would have dinner together and we would come home and we would work until time to go to bed .
So it ’s really you know all we did everyday all day was — and we are either working or we are talking about work .
And it was really just like you know — you know start up camp and it ’s — you know it ’s a fun time .
And — so I think because we just — we also , you know we moved to San Diego which I think it ’s worth mentioning , you know was in some ways you know we thought it was a mistake maybe when we were there because San Diego is you know especially compared to place like New York or San Francisco where like there are so many people that are there to do a certain thing .
I think in — in San Diego a lot of people go there , you know more for surfing or for leisure they may do to actually start a business , so — and we were there .
We were you know super motivated to try and meet people that were doing co-stuff and — and it was hard to — to find those people , so we really just had each other .
And — and then the other thing I think it ’s just worth mentioning , you know we never had a — a tough time with the business because by the time we graduated from college the business was already profitable and we were able to support ourselves .
So it was n’t like — I have seen a lot of people had real issues when the business starts to go south and we were just fortunate enough that you know throughout the course of a partnership , we never had to really deal with making you know super difficult decisio
ns like you know one of us was going to have to you know go back you know and do something else there , anything like that .
Andrew :
Were the shares even that the new guys Jacob and Zack as many shares as you and Ricky got ?
Interviewee : I mean it was , you know they were brought on as — as minority partners , but they still had a big stake in the business .
Andrew : OK .
All right .
And then in 2006 you guys decided to sell , why ?
Interviewee : I think it was — it was a number of things .
Part of the reason was you know , we were — we were pretty conservative at least I was in how we are running the business .
When we sold it , I think we had about 15 employees , and — and we thought you know the business had a lot of potential to — to grow beyond that and I think we had — we are operating at about 50 percent .
It was clear that the business in order to grow was you know we needed to invest more in the business , but when you are you know just , you know relying on the cash flow for the business for you know to support your lifestyle and — and just to put money in the bank , it ’s sometimes hard to make that you know decision that I am going to you know just start dumping all of the earnings that I have back into the business , you know it ’s a — you know risky move in — in some ways .
And so the thought was we could you know have a little bit of liquidity and then not have to worry as much about the cash flow of the business and be able to invest more in the business , you know we can you know try and make it grow to the next level and I think we realized that we are approaching that point where in order to really grow you know we needed to grow you know from 15 to 45 people or you know whatever it was .
So I was part of it and I think also you know we sort of you know one day woke up and — and everybody wanted to talk to us about buying the company , so it was sort of you know if we had n’t realized it on our own , I think people might have you know tried convince us otherwise and — and I think you know in one side I think it was you know good move because you know we were able to focus on our original concept and efforts which you know original video is not cheap .
And I think we might have been able to you know jump in to be the way that we were you know knowing we had security of a big company behind us and did n’t have to worry as much about you know what if we ca n’t pay our bills next mont
h because you know we know that you know this is n’t about you know how much money we make this month and next month .
It ’s about you know where the business is you know years from now .
Andrew :
So it ’s about safety both for you , so that you have some money in the bank and are protected and for the company so that if the economy goes south again , you guys have some protection and a cushion .
And it was because the opportunity was there , you have to grow and you want to get money to — to jump on that .
Interviewee : Yeah —
Andrew :
And you hired Allen and Company to advise you that means that you went out looking for investors specifically .
Interviewee :
You know when we actually — we engaged another company because originally Viacom had approached us about acquiring the business and you know being you know 24 years old you know at the time I guess 24 , it was — you know we had no idea what we were doing .
So we — we certainly needed someone to help guide us to that process .
Obviously we you know ultimately did not end up doing the deal with Viacom , but that was you know when we started work [ xx ] company and then you know we sort of you know talked to a number of other media companies and — and then you know private equity guys and —
The transcript for minute 40 till minute 45 is BELOW this line .
Interviewee :
We sort of talked to a number of other media companies and equity guys and venture funds and all these people to see what made the most sense and it was certainly helpful having those guys advise us on all that .
Andrew : How did you know to turn to Alan and Company ?
Interviewee : A friend of mine had suggested him .
She used to work at Alan and Company – she works at IEC now .
At the time , this was actually , she had suggested Alan and Company and she was at IEC at the time , but suggested Alan and Company not because IEC was interested in CollegeHumor – because this was before IEC got into , or got back into programming I should say .
We had met with Barry Diller but he did n’t have any interest in the company at the time so we were pursuing these other deals and then when those deals did n’t end up happening then we had already engaged on the company .
And then we got a call from the same friend at IEC this was maybe 9 months after she had introduced us to Alan and Company and said maybe we should do a deal actually and that was sort of how the conversation started with IEC .
Andrew : How did you meet Barry Diller the first time ?
Interviewee : Through the same friend , Shanna Fisher , who I think you know I imagine a lot of the people who are watching probably have heard of her , she seems to know absolutely everybody in this world .
We met when we moved to New York .
We were fortunate , one of the first people we met was Nick Denton actually and he was really helpful in just introducing us to everybody and within 6 months it felt like we knew 100 people who were running all these big companies and doing all these interesting things , and Shanna was one of them .
We always just thought she was really smart and had a lot of respect for her .
When she asked us if we wanted to meet Barry of course we said yeah .
Andrew : Yeah , who does n’t want to meet Barry Diller he ’s a legend in the business .
I actually interviewed Stephen Chow who used to work for Barry Diller , who – Barry Diller I think once threw a tape at him .
The tape hit the wall , bent the wall , Stephen took out the piece of the wall and had Barry Diller sign it .
It says a lot about …
It says a lot about both of those guys .
Is Barry Diller like that in your experience too ?
Have you gotten to see any of that ?
Do have anything odd about …
Interviewee : He has never thrown a video cassette at me .
I think you can read a handful of books that could tell you all about Barry ’s style and he ’s a tough guy , he ’s not a pushover by any means .
I think … I imagine his relationship is Stephen is probably a little different , where if that even happened I do n’t even know .
Andrew :
It ’s signed … but I know what you ’re saying .
Interviewee : I do n’t think he ’s …
He is where he is for a reason , and I think he certainly can be very motivating .
I think you walk around IEC and everybody knows who they ’re trying to please .
Getting Barry excited about something can get you 10 times more excited about it once he ’s sort of behind you and you feel like you have his support .
Andrew :
So has being a part of them helped you , being part of IEC helped you ?
Interviewee : Well I think the most and the highest level , and this is n’t neccessarily speaking to IEC , but being … to be a part of this bigger company kind of allowed us to again , feel more comfortable making an investment .
I think when you start up a company , we were 18 and we ’re not really … we were n’t willing or comfortable just throwing a bunch of money at this thing or really super focused on saving every penny we could .
And it takes some time to go from that mentality to say “ Alright I ’m willing to spend a couple hundred thousand dollars or a million dollars on that ” .
I think it took being at IEC and learning how to invest and how to make the decision as to whether or not this thing makes sense or this does n’t , or whether we ’re willing to take that risk was really helpful for us .
I think also there ’s… IEC is good about not forcing synergy or not trying to make you work with other businesses in their portfolio .
I think after talking to a number of other media companies during our aquisition process , it seemed like at some points CollegeHumor would be aquired to help out this other business and feed them content .
It was less about trying to grow CollegeHumor and more about using CollegeHumor to grow something else .
Where at IEC has always been focused on growing what we can grow and the ability to do that without any distractions and it ’s not like they ’re trying to force us to install …
The transcript for minute 45 till minute 50 is BELOW this line .
Interviewee : — and giving us , you know , the ability to do that without any distractions , and it ’s not like they are trying to , you know , force us to , you know , install an Ask —
Andrew :
So basically they are just — they are just owners , but there is no synergy .
I do n’t see how there would be synergy between what you are doing and what tellus.com which they which they own and ask.com and evite and citysearch and , you know , and urbanspoon , they — these are n’t properties that have a natural fit .
Interviewee : Sure , I mean — I think —
I mean , there ’s things that we ’ve done with other IC businesses , but yeah , your — I mean , it ’s not like they own 20 businesses that are in our exact niche , but — I think at the same time there is some synergy that comes from just being able to share information and have , you know , people at the corporate level , you know , everything from legal to HR to finance to just , you know , strategy that understand all these other businesses in digital world , while they might not be exactly like ours , it ’s certainly helpful to have those people .
And especially in the early days as well as today when , you know , we are still kind of learning elements of the businesses for ourselves , and to have them as sort of a sounding board for some of our bigger decisions , I think — you know , we — we made better decisions , you know , as a result of it .
Andrew :
And you sold 51 percent of the company IC for reported 20 million dollars and they also have a 100 percent of the voting rights too .
Interviewee : Correct .
Well , what you said is correct , yes .
Andrew : Right .
You are saying it ’s reported 20 million , but you are not —
Interviewee : Yes .
Andrew : — confirming to 20 , right .
Interviewee : Correct .
Andrew :
Why not sell the whole thing ?
If you are going in with them , if you are already giving up voting shares , why not ?
Interviewee : Well , I think a couple of reasons .
You know , first off , that was an option that IC put on the table .
Andrew :
They did n’t want to buy a 100 percent ?
It was 51 —
Interviewee : No , I think the way that IC thought of the deal , and I think — you know , the thing that also made it exciting for us , frankly , at the time was this idea of , you know , we thought collegehumor had a lot left in it , we did n’t think that we were selling it at the height of the business or that , you know , we needed to get up ; we really were , you know , truly excited about growing the business and turning it into something much bigger .
So , at the time , you know , the thought of being able to , you know , sell half the business , take some money off the table so we felt a little more secure , you know , on a personal level and then just think about , you know , building the business over the next five years and on , I think was an exciting proposition knowing that we were limiting our downside but also keeping up our website to the extent of we can turn it into something big .
Andrew : OK .
Let ’s see what else .
We ’ve got about 10 minutes left .
Let me see if I understand so far how it worked .
You were just tossing out ideas looking for revenue with the hope that you would profit and eventually find a business that you can sell , true ?
Interviewee : I do n’t know — the sale necessarily , you know , something we thought of initially ; I think we just wanted to make a business of some sort that we could grow and , you know , generate profits , and I think being able to sell it was n’t until , you know , a little bit later when we realized that maybe the difference between collegehumor and bustedtees might at the time be in making more profits did n’t have as much as value as an asset as collegehumor did , and , you know , we were unlikely to , you know , sell bustedtees to a company like IC .
The college humor was more interesting and I think had more of a skill potential , so .
But in the beginning it certainly was n’t .
You know , we need to start a business and , you know , sell it .
That was n’t —
Andrew :
We need to start a business that brings in money , and we are open to a lot of things .
We are open to t- shirts , we are open to humor , we are open to dating sites , whatever it is , and we are going to keep —
Interviewee : Yeah .
Andrew :
And it sounds like you were constantly on the lookout for where the money was .
If there was money in membership , as there was at one point a lot of in the dating space , you considered that and jumped into that ; if there was t- shirts —
Interviewee : Yeah .
Andrew : — that you guys had some evidence was making money , you jumped in that .
How did you do this all without getting too distracted ?
Building just one website can be so — so time - consuming that there is no time for anything else in life , and —
Interviewee : Sure .
Andrew : — where you are building several of them , how do you do it right ?
Interviewee : I think it ’s — it ’s a challenge .
I mean , there ’s definitely moments where , you know , I think we — certain projects suffered as a result of us focusing on — I mean , especially if you look back at the truck projects that we spent , you know , a significant amounts of time on that never really amounted to anything , but I think that , you know , the — at the same time , you know , when there were four of us , there were four of us running you know collegehumor.com , bustedtees.com , vimeo.com , you know , what else do we have — you know , this campushook.com which never amounted to anything .
The transcript for minute 50 till minute 55 is BELOW this line .
Interviewee : … [ xx ] you know a number of other we ’ve started [ xx ] and all these different thing and — and then you know today it ’s — you know we have I think you know our entire company is about 90 people and sometimes it feels like you know we could get more done you know for you know , not — not really but it was distraction because we ’re on the same room and there was you know , we were all just kind of on the same page , it did n’t feel as crazy as sometimes it feels a day just trying to run College Humour because we have all these ideas , we have to get running , we have all these , you know videos we have to put up , I mean there is so much stuff happening so I think you know at the time it did n’t ever really feel like we were you know , we bit off more than we could chew , so to speak but you know I think —
Andrew :
Is it — is it that you kept the sites small did you say were only going to — to offer the core features of the video website , we ’re not going to offer fending , we ’re not going to offer all the other — all the messaging that you get from most video websites at first when you launch Vimeo and it will just be an easy place for you to put up videos , is it that kind of —
Interviewee : I mean with Vimeo for example you know that was just you know that was just you know our partner Jacob started Vimeo in his spare time , it was originally because he was taking all these little you know short video clips and wanted to place to — to share them and you know just pre Youtube so there is really you know , Vimeo was the first site where you could actually upload a video to the web and sent someone a link but that was n’t , you know , he did n’t start Vimeo because he thought it was a great business idea you know , I certainly did n’t encourage him to go start it because I thought it could be a big business and you know Vimeo is a good example actually if something were you know , maybe , if Vimeo , had we turn Vimeo into — you know we started Vimeo before Youtube if we had n’t been so focused on College Humour maybe we would have realized “ hey , let ’s open this site Vimeo up ” and you know we would have sold to Google [ xx ] you know , so you know maybe , you know it hurt us in a way with some businesses , so — so I think it ’s , you know it ’s hard to — to really , you know think about it at a time and I remember it was n’t until we came to IC that we are able to — to start you know focusing on Vimeo more because I remember thinking at the time and obviously Vimeo is a much more expensive you know even [ xx ] it was not a cheap site to run , it ’s video , it ’s a lot of you know , takes a lot of development resources to — to you know build out a site like that and [ xx ] you know as a result it was certainly you know something that we were a little intimidated by because you know last thing we wanted to do before IC was you know run the risk of you know starting up this video site that all of a sudden starts causing us you know $ 30,000.00 a month and [ xx ] and so on and then we do n’t have any you know , I think it is safe to say you know Youtube did n’t really have that [ xx ] plan in place either so the idea of thinking let ’s you know try and start this business that mig
ht turn into something huge , you know it was hard to — to wrap your head around that so — so again we did n’t really focus on trying to build that out until you know post IC acquisition and you know even today you know we ’re still faced with you know this idea of you know it is distracting for us to try and you know start other business you know other smaller websites where it ’s hard to [ xx ] for College Humour but we — we have a lot of great ideas for things that we know we ’re planning on starting that you know the — hope is that we can fill them and take away from [ xx ] as these things become larger thought they will be additive but you knot it ’s —
I do n’t remember your original question but I think you know as far as that you know it being a distraction I ’m having all these different things , yeah , I mean it ’s certainly [ xx ] .
Andrew :
You know what I ’m seeing here , tell me if I ’m wrong here but what I ’m seeing is that the difference between a bootstrapper and a [ xx ] company , if you — if you ’re a bootstrapper you have to — you have to look for revenue everywhere and your whole goal everywhere is where do I bring in money so that I continue to — to keep my business going .
Interviewee : Yeah .
Andrew :
If you were a [ xx ] business they would have told you forget about [ xx ] we ca n’t ever sell that , we ca n’t ever make that into a monster success —
Interviewee : Yes .
Andrew : — CollegeHumour is a hit based business , we ’re not in that business , forget it , get out of that , this little thing over here , Vimeo , that ’s where the future is and we ’re going to — we ’re going to help you lose so much money on Vimeo that it almost hurts but we ’re going to have the idea that eventually this thing could be the platform and it ’s just two different mindsets and you have to know which one — which one you ’re ready for and it sounds like to me — well first of all does that make sense the [ xx ] .
Interviewee : No , I think —
I think that ’s absolutely right , I mean and especially you know as we started Vimeo in you know …
The transcript for minute 55 till minute 60 is BELOW this line .
Interviewee : No , I think that — that ’s absolutely right , I mean , and especially , you know as we started Vimeo in , you know , while it was in venture back it was , I see back in — and we , you know had a certain amount of money aside to , to grow the business and I — and I remember thinking about things like , you know the developers , we ended up doing some of the IC folks you know we should get on these machines , you know it ’s like $ 5,000.00 — power back whatever ; and I was like , you know that ’s crazy , we do n’t need to buy $ 5,000.00 computers that ’s — you know , we can get them this and they will be fine and , and that was just my mentality , it was , you know even though , you know what ’s a $ 5,000.00 computer for , you know you ’re — when you ’re top developers , it ’s — it ’s , you know that was kind of the mindset was what I was trying to say every penny on everything and that was just how we are able to , you know get the business started up , you know in the beginning .
So , so I think it is , you know it ’s very different when — you know once a month he ’s there and you said I ’m going to spend $ 2 million share on this , and you ’ll probably going to spend $ 2 million on it , it ’s pretty easy to , to spend money .
But I think , you know when you ’re — when you ’re not willing to spend the money until you ’re making and it ’s , it ’s a lot different .
Andrew : I ’ve noticed three different kinds of entrepreneurs Mixergy , you got the machineries , the guys like Jimmy Wells who was just determined to create an online cyclopedia .
You get the mercenaries , the guys just want to make money and nothing else and whatever it takes they ’re going to get there , then you got the thinkers .
It seemed — and the thinkers are the guys who no matter what there was no money in the world , they just be building websites and ta- , and testing things .
From what I have seen about Jacob Online , it sounds like Jacob is a thinker , Video Online —
Interviewee : I think that ’s fair .
Andrew : — seems to make sense — does that sound right ?
Interviewee : Yeah .
Andrew :
And from —
Interviewee : Yeah I think that ’s fair .
Andrew : From what I ’m seeing of you , it ’s not 100 percent mercenary and I could have kill my mother just to make another buck but it ’s more of a mercenary beginning , you needed to make money so that you can make a living of from this ; that sound right ?
Interviewee : Right , I just — I think that ’s fair , you know I , I made a decision or at least attempted to make a decision that I did n’t want to work for anyone else , you know I , I ’ve sort of failed in that I , I , I no longer work for myself technically but , but , you know the idea of being an entrepreneur and in , you know sort of having control over my own , you know future with some of that was really exciting to me and , and I think that , you know I think just the motivation for that alone and it was n’t about , you know I have to be rich so I have to , you know make X number of dollars , it was just I ’ve — you know I , I really want to , you know figure out how to do something on my own and , and that was , you know and hopefully make , you know money but , but it was — it was certainly , you know more motivation of , you know when , when CollegeHumor started it was more — I do n’t want to have to work at the bookstore to pay for , you know dinner , no , Saturday night or whatever .
So , it was — it was more , you know that I think than anything else .
Andrew : Just Lebowski , who ’s watching us live on Mixergy is asking me to ask you about the , the Nebraska license plate story .
Do you know what he ’s talking about ?
Interviewee : I do vaguely , it ’s something about , I feel like this was a — and ask him to correct me if I ’m wrong because there ’s been a couple of similar things that we ’ve done but I think this was something where there were a few different license plates that were available in — the community was asked to vote , you know with — in Nebraska on which — which license plate — you know , what the license plate would be for Nebraska and one of them was like , just really silly or stupid for some reason , I ca n’t remember the specific and we had all of our users vote for , you know the worse one to try and make that , you know —
Andrew : Yeah .
Interviewee : — license plate for Nebraska .
It ’s part of our — and I think that ’s , that ’s what he ’s referring to but , but the — it ’s part of our [ xx ] feature where basically we , you know try and send to all of our users , you know to one place to essentially on a poll .
I think that was reversed , in fact with the Nebraska plate .
Andrew : Because you guys were involved in it ?
Interviewee : Yeah , I think they realized that and it was —
I think it , and even guts like the governor somehow they ’re like , you know —
Andrew : Um-hmm .
Interviewee : — I mean I do n’t know what people are thinking when they , you know actually leave an important decisions be made by , you know the internet community at large .
Andrew : I think they ’re crowd sourcing being opened to the public —
Interviewee : Yeah .
Andrew : — they forget that there are people like you out there who — who are looking for fun activities to send your audience to .
Interviewee : Exactly .
Andrew :
What was it like when you got that check from Barry Diller , do you remember the day when you looked down at that check ?
Or was it a wire transfer ?
Interviewee :
It was a wire trans - , it ’s — but it was , you know that there was a — it was pretty exciting , I was actually , you know the funny thing with all these kind of deals is , you know you ’re never really sure of it ’s going to happen until the second it happens and I remember I was out — apartment Rick and I rent a house out on Long Island , at the beach in , in South Hampton during the summers and I was out there , my parents were actually with me at the time and , and we are finishing up the agreement and it was , you know it was — you know whatever day of the week it was and , and it was like ten o’clock at night and we just kind of finished some stuff and we , we needed to fax something to get , you know this other thing and , anyway in South Hampton it ’s ten o’clock at night it ’s pretty hard to find a fax machine .
The transcript for 1 hour 0 minutes till 1 hour 5 minutes is BELOW this line .
Interviewee : Anyway in Southampton at ten o’clock at night .
It ’s pretty hard to find a fax machine .
So , I remember us you know just running all over the place , trying to you know , see if we can get it done .
And then the next morning we are able to get it .
Because there ’s a feeling like all right if I do n’t sign it like right now , that it ’s like you know in the final homestretch like you know who knows what will happen .
So , we finally — we ended up going to a you know a pharmacy and asked to use their fax machine and we faxed the final signature pages on our document and then got the wire and yeah I mean it ’s you know I think it ’s funny .
Its one of those things , where I think you — you sort of have an idea in your head like oh this is going to make me feel a certain way and like once I — you know once I have you a know a little bit of money then you know whatever I ’m going to feel this way .
And then I think it was — it was kind of interesting how I felt about it .
In maybe three or six months down the road , where you kind of you know I think it makes you feel a certain way .
You know it ’s like getting anything , you get you know a new suit or a new you know television or something it ’s really exciting for you know a couple months and then its like you ’ve always had it .
So , I think it was sort of a —
Andrew :
So after [ xx ] the feeling of you ’ve always had it but when you first had it what was it like ?
Did you feel finally freedom ; finally I never have to get a job .
Did you feel finally something else ?
Interviewee : Yeah , I think all those things , you know I think it was — it was — I think it was just exciting for us , you know to just have done the deal .
You know what we have and just going to like proper closing and like seeing all the documents and the folders and just like the act of actually completing the deal .
I think it was you know is much about just you know feeling that we you know accomplished what we have been trying for so long to accomplish in getting the deal done .
And you know just making a good deal was exciting you know the money was obviously you know a product of that .
But I think it was , you know just the excitement was as much about you know we just sold the company to [ xx ] you know .
Andrew :
And apart from the business , apart from the money part of the business .
What was the biggest satisfying moment ?
You guys have had a huge number of hits , a lot of recognition , was there anyone thing where you saw on TV or you heard someone talk about you that you said “ This is it , we ’ve done it ” .
Interviewee :
There has been a couple moments like that , one was I had of a cast and you know all the edit — editorial staff [ xx ] apartment to watch the first episode of the College Humor Show around on TV .
And you know even though I ’d seen it you know a hundred times at that point just something about seeing it on the AIR with commercials you know on the TV , on the wall , you know standing next to everybody who has been a part of it .
It was you know pretty special moment , you know as also was the moment when we found out that we were going to have an MTV show .
I remember you know being — sitting by the [ xx ] and getting a phone that you know the deal was done we are actually you know we had an MTV Show .
And you know yeah when we first yeah I think the other moment that was you know maybe on the early side .
It was the most exciting was when our — our piece — profile piece came out in New Yorker and it was you know exciting for us because it was sort of like you know all of a — there is something just very legitimizing about getting you know a profile piece like that and you know we have this little website you know for jokes and you know funny pictures and videos and then to have the New Yorker you know write about us .
All of a sudden you know people thought we are real business you know whether we were or not .
You know [ xx ] in within 48 hours of that I just saw Julie & Julia the other day .
And there ’s a scene where yeah I guess you know Julia & Julie have had you know something that have just been written about her and then she was getting you know these she had like 45 messages on her answering machine .
And that was exactly how it was for us .
And I remember thinking about it when I was watching the movie .
Because it was like every — every talent manager every you know book publisher every [ xx ] agent and all these people you know wanted to talk to her [ xx ] overwhelming moment where it kind of felt like .
All right , like now you know now people take u
s seriously , because I was always you know a [ xx ] you know [ xx ] you know it ’s a little more challenging than if you — you know have a few grey hairs and you ’re trying to get a serious business meeting .
So , I think we are always you know trying to do whatever we could to have people take us seriously .
So , we think that we did the kind of you know move just a step closer to that was always very satisfying .
Andrew : I finally umm well it must have been incredible to be in the New Yorker .
I read it on a regular basis and I can’t imagine if I was in there , what it must feel like and to have that — that kind of piece written about you , that ’s — it does n’t happen to serious websites .
Interviewee : I remember when — when it first came out online .
All of us crowded around the computer and like kind of laying on the bed just like reading it , like not saying a word until we ’re finished and it ’s kind of like you know —
The transcript for 1 hour 5 minutes till 1 hour 10 minutes is BELOW this line .
Interviewee :
And it ’s kind of like you know , because I was n’t sure if , you know , if it was going to be embarrassing or you know , because we did , you know , the reporter , Rebecca [ xx ] had come with [ xx ] high school reunion , she spent a lot of time with us and I ’m sure I said a lot of things that I , you know , probably glad she did n’t put in there and you know , I think there was a few moments where she was kind of , you know , poking find as a bit but you know , our comedy was n’t going to be that bad because it would n’t really make a whole lot of sense to write a profile in the New Yorker about you know , these young kids you ’ve never heard of and you know , why they ’re jerks or whatever .
So , we are hoping that you know , it would be you know , somewhat good and , but yeah that was a pretty special couple of days .
Andrew :
All right .
So finally , for — I ’m sure that there ’s somebody right now who ’s listening to us who says I want that , I do n’t want to go work for anyone , I want to create something incredible , I want to do it on my own because frankly no one ’s going to invest in my ideas yet if they are not connected they do n’t — they ’re not in the crowd in the startup work .
Do you have any advice for them on how they could bootstrap a successful business ?
Interviewee : Read Gary Vaynerchuk ’s Crush It .
Now , I think it ’s funny — I think Gary was on your show at one point —
Andrew : Yeah .
Interviewee : — and I love Gary , I think he ’s , you know , he ’s a great person , you know , just getting people psyched up and , but I think you know , in a lot of way says make sense in just , you know , if you can find someone that you ’re really excited about and you have , you know , a little bit of talent in this , you know , specific bank and you work really , really hard at it , I think it ’s , you know , chances are you ’ll have some level of success , maybe even if that thing does n’t work it will sort of lead you into , you know , something else and you know , I think if , you know , it ’s not to say that everybody who tries to start a business and work through it hard succeeds but I think that you know , from me , you know , this is obviously easy for me to say because it did n’t really , you know , I did n’t — we did n’t have to deal with that much going wrong , you know , in the early days of our business but I think it was , you know , the most fun thing was you know , being there and working non-stop and just feeling like you ’re building something and even today when we ’re , you know , we ’re doing all these really exciting things but you know , it does n’t feel the same as when it ’s , you know , you and like two other guys sitting in your , you know , tiny apartment trying to like make something and I think that you know , I think that you know , I think for the rest of my life I ’ll think back on that as being a really special moment that you know , would be hard to replicate but I think that you know , there ’s nothing more exciting than that that I ’ve experienced to this .
Andrew : Yeah .
Interviewee : So , I think , you know , just try and do it .
Andrew :
All right .
Well , thank you .
Thanks for spending the time with me guys , everyone who ’s watching us , who ’s listening to us , thank you all .
Give me a feedback by the way on this startups.com partnership .
The guys over there just reached out to me and asked if they could partner up on these interviews and I was glad to do it but give me your feedback on whether it ’s working and give me a little bit of time too to maybe get a little used to their question and answer system .
Thank you for doing the interview , thank you all for watching and I ’ll see you and the comments .
We have high hopes Don Cheadle will make us forget Terence Howard completely , when he steps in as James Rhodes / War Machine in Iron Man 2 .
But it doesnt always work that way .
Here are the worst recastings of science - fiction stars .
Advertisement
Welcome back to Monday Hate , the irregular column in which we hate things because it 's Monday .
( Actually , it 's pretty self - explanatory , really .
Just ask Bob Geldof . )
This week :
The actors who , maybe through no fault of their own , failed to live up to their predecessors :
Jeffrey Weissman as George McFly in Back To The Future II and III .
According to IFC , Crispin Glover refused to come back to the BTTF films as George McFly , which caused a problem for the two sequels .
So director Robert Zemeckis and producer Bob Gale decided to replace Glover with actor Jeffrey Weissman , and disguise the substiution by using clips of Glover interspersed with new footage of Weisman disguised with prosthetics , wigs ... and even hanging him upside down at one point .
Advertisement
Chloë Annett as Kristine Kochanski on Red Dwarf .
As the Onion AV Club puts it , " Kristine Kochanski , the love interest in the British cult science - fiction comedy Red Dwarf , underwent a curious arc , with a downgrade in personnel attending an upgrade in character . "
She started out being played by the terrific Clare Grogan , as a woman Lister had fancied and whose holographic image he lusted after .
But eventually the writers decided to retcon her as having been Lister 's actual girlfriend , and introduced her counterpart from an alternate universe as a character on the show — only to recast the part as the somewhat less interesting , if more model - looking , Annett .
Mary Alice as The Oracle in The Matrix Revolutions .
This one is mostly annoying for how much attention they drew to the change , and the silly rationalization the Wachowskis cooked up to explain it .
When the original Oracle , Gloria Foster , died of a complications from diabetes , the Wachowskis replaced her with Alice , who did n't quite have the same presence — but also , the film tried to make the change of actor a plot point , saying that the Oracle was re-shelled because of an incident within the Matrix and this proved that fate and free will are chaos and ... where was I ?
Halle Berry as Catwoman Catwoman is one of those characters who 's been played by a ton of actors , including three Catwomen in the original 1960s Batman series and Michelle Pfeiffer in Batman Returns .
But Halle Berry 's incarnation , with the CG - animated ass and the horrendous scenes of trying to get her neighbors to turn their damn music down , was the worst reimagining of a character possible .
At least Berry had the good grace to accept her Razzie Award for Worst Actress in person .
John Davey as Captain Marvel in Shazam !
This is another one which the Onion AV Club mentioned .
Check out the difference between the two versions of Shazam !'s opening credits here .
In the first one , Captain Marvel looks at least somewhat like his comic - book self , albeit with huge mutton - chop sideburns and exploding 1970s hair .
But in the second version , the show 's producers have replaced the original Captain Marvel , Jackson Bostwick , in a hurry with a new guy , John Davey , because Bostwick was injured on the job and missed work to get treatment .
The new Captain Marvel can only be described , charitably , as slouchy .
Shaz ... ow !
Tim Pocock as Scott Summers in X - Men Origins : Wolverine .
It was n't enough to kill Scott Summers off - screen in the third X - Men movie ?
Now they have to bring him back as a dumb teenage rebel , who 's unable to deal with a bossy teacher and then gets caught way too easily by Sabretooth .
Everyone as Davros , in Doctor Who .
This is really a case of an actor who defined a particular role so well , that nobody else could just pick up and carry on .
Michael Wisher was Davros — you only have to watch the archival video interview with the chain - smoking Wisher on the " Genesis Of The Daleks " DVD to see how much of himself he put into the psychopathic scientist who created the evil Daleks .
Unfortunately , nobody else who took on the role after Wisher was able to bring that same level of purring intellectual curiosity , mixed with batshit rage .
It 's hard to bring those extremes to the same character , and only Wisher — who'd also been a Dalek — could do it .
Everyone as Anakin Skywalker .
This is almost too much of a cheap shot , but it has to be said .
All of the actors who took over the role of Anakin Skywalker , the future Darth Vader , were n't up to the challenge of capturing Sebastian Shaw 's performance in Return Of The Jedi .
Shaw , a Shakespearean actor as well as a playwright and poet , brought a certain gravitas to the unmasked Anakin , not unlike James Earl Jones as Vader .
But every actor who 's tackled Anakin for the past decade or so , including Hayden Christensen and the animated version 's Matt Lanter , has just lacked a certain ... weightiness .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Robin Curtis as Saavik in Star Trek III and IV .
We 're still sad about this one , even 25 years later .
Shelley Long should have stayed on Cheers , and Kirsty Alley should have been required to play Saavik in every Trek movie in the 1980s , without fail .
Of all the let - downs about the third Trek movie , the replacement Saavik might have been the worst .
She lacked all the wit and sparkle of the original , who was a great foil for Spock , showing how Spock had evolved from his more literal - minded youth and giving a taste of old - school Vulcan hidebound attitudes for Kirk to bounce off of .
It would have been great to see Alley 's Saavik dealing with suddenly teenage Spock , not to mention bearing Spock 's baby in the fourth movie , as should have happened .
Everyone as John Connor .
Edward Furlong was n't exactly the best actor in Terminator 2 , with his whole smirking " stand on one foot " routine .
But his mixture of brattiness and raw pain , and his need for a father figure causing him to latch on to Arnie 's tame death machine , was pretty memorable .
And it 's not hard to believe that John Connor , the leader of the resistance in the distant post - apocalyptic future , might have been a bit of a brat .
It 's a lot harder , though , to believe in any of the John Connors we 've had since then , including Nicholas Stahl 's neurotic twitchy version , Christian Bale 's screaming tourettes version , and — sorry to say — Thomas Dekker 's often way - too - pouty version .
If only Furlong had been able to grow up with the character , that would have been really interesting to see .
Advertisement
Maybe in a couple days , we 'll do the best recastings of beloved science - fiction characters .
Who would you nominate for that list ?
And were there any dreadful recastings that we missed this time around ?
New York ( CNN ) --
More than 1,000 people in New Jersey and New York , many of them adolescent Orthodox Jews , have been sickened with mumps since August , health authorities said Monday .
Orange County , New York , has confirmed 494 cases since early November , county spokesman Richard Mayfield told CNN .
Almost all of those infected with the virus are of the Orthodox or Hasidic Jewish population , and their average age is 14 , he said .
Neighboring Rockland County has confirmed 317 cases since August , with all of the sick from the Orthodox Jewish community , said Kathleen Henry , county Deputy Commissioner of Health .
Their average is 14 to 18 , she said .
Just south of the two counties , in New York City , Brooklyn had 79 confirmed cases of mumps as of October 30 , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported in November .
Any confirmation of other infections in the city are expected to be announced Tuesday .
The mumps outbreak began at a summer camp for Orthodox Jewish boys in Sullivan County , New York , according to the CDC .
Health officials have linked the outbreak to an 11 - year - old boy at the camp .
He had recently returned from the United Kingdom , where a mumps outbreak had spread to 4,000 people .
The mumps outbreak also spread to Ocean County , New Jersey , where 159 confirmed cases have been diagnosed since September , county spokeswoman Leslie Terjesen told CNN .
An additional 70 others are suspected of having mumps , she said .
Only seven of the infected are not Orthodox Jewish , but they all had exposure to the community , Terjesen said .
The average age of the sick is 21 , she said .
Lakewood , New Jersey , Rabbi Yehunda Pirutinsky was surprised when his 14 - year - old son was diagnosed with mumps a week ago .
Lakewood is in Ocean County .
" He was completely vaccinated , " Pirutinsky said .
" So it was a surprise to us he came down with mumps . "
Anyone fully vaccinated from mumps receives two doses of the vaccine , according to the CDC .
Of the New Jersey cases , 77 percent were vaccinated , Terjesen said .
But the vaccine is not 100 percent effective , according to the CDC .
At two doses , the vaccine is 76 to 95 percent effective , the CDC says on its Web site .
In November , the CDC called the spike in mumps cases , " the largest U.S. mumps outbreak since 2006 , when the United States experienced a resurgence of mumps with 6,584 reported cases . "
Then , only 179 people were sickened in New York and New Jersey .
Mumps is a contagious disease caused by a virus , according to the CDC .
Initial symptoms appear 12 to 25 days after infection and include fever , headache , muscle aches and loss of appetite .
Mumps can cause the jaw and cheeks to swell , with further complications including the inflammation of the brain , testicles or ovaries , and deafness , according to the CDC .
Pirutinsky 's son has fully recovered from his bout with mumps , which Pirutinsky assumes he contracted while at his Jewish high school .
A doctor advised the teenager to not attend school for a week and limit time with his siblings , Pirutinsky said .
The outbreak has disproportionately affected Orthodox Jewish communities , but Pirutinsky said he was n't overly worried .
" I would n't say the community is alarmed , but it 's something we 're aware of , " he said .
CNN 's Edmund DeMarche , Miriam Falco and Nicole Bliman contributed to this report .
Pierre Bonnard , The French Window ( Morning at Le Cannet ) 1932
I am not sure whether the term “ vocation ” exactly applies to me .
What attracted me then was less art itself than the artist ’s life , with all that I thought in terms of free expression , of imagination and liberty to live as one pleased . . .
I wanted at all costs , to escape from a monotonous existence .
– Pierre Bonnard
Pierre Bonnard was born on 3 October 1867 at Fontenay - aux - Roses , a village outside Paris , into a comfortable bourgeois family .
He studied at various Lycées , receiving a law degree in 1888 .
He began his artistic studies first at the Ecole des Arts Décoratifs in Paris and then at the Académie Julian , where he met his lifetime friends and collaborators , including Maurice Denis , Ker-Xavier Roussel , Edouard Vuillard and Paul Sérusier .
These rebellious young men formed Les Nabis , a group dedicated to integrating art and daily life through a synthesis of nature and a personal aesthetic and symbolism .
This included wall decoration , posters , prints , book illustration , textiles and furniture as well as painting on walls and canvas .
In 1891 Bonnard met Toulouse Latrec and showed his work at the annual exhibition of the Société des Artistes Indépendants .
Bonnard had his first one man show in 1896 .
From this point of view he became an established and successful artist at a young age .
Bonnard had made his mark early by winning a competition for a French champagne poster 1n 1891 .
This work was seminal and most likely influenced Toulouse Lautrec ’s more famous Moulin Rouge posters .
Pierre Bonnard , Poster for France Champagne 1891
In 1893 , while travelling on a tram , Bonnard saw a sempstress called Maria Boursin and followed her home .
She told him she was called Marthe de Méligny and was only 17 years old , although she was 24 .
Her motive for misleading him was to escape from the demi-monde , where she worked sewing pearls on funeral garments .
Bonnard was taken in by the sprightly girl and she becomes his model and lifelong companion , but he never married her until 1925 , when he was 58 .
Pierre Bonard , Self Portrait with Lamp 1908
The Self Portrait with Lamp shows him as an introverted and myopic man of 40 , his features masked in the shadow of a lamp .
The worried expression and tentative grip on the paintbrush perhaps expessing his fears that he was being eclipsed by the brilliance of his contemporaries , although Picasso and Matisse had yet to make their mark with the public : Luxe , Calme , et Volupté had appeared in 1905 and Les Demoiselles d’Avignon in 1907 .
However , in 1902 Bonnard had collaborated with Ambrose Vollard on an edition of Daphnis et Chloé by Longus with 156 lithographic illustrations by Bonnard .
In 1906 Gertrude Stein had acquired the nude painting of Marthe called Siesta .
A couple of years later he had travelled throughout Europe , to England , Tunisia and Algeria and so was by no means as reclusive and naive as the portrait might suggest .
Pierre Bonard , Indolence 1899
The term Intimiste in the title is well defined by the painting Indolence .
How different from Manet ’s Olympia or from Cezanne ’s crude imitation of that painting .
There is no hint of self - consciousness with Bonnard ’s “ private view ” of his sprawling mistress or justification of a gentleman ’s formal relationship with prostitutes and lower class women , so well depicted by Degas and Toulouse Lautrec .
Already the figure is subordinated to the design of the painting , with its diagonal division between purplish brown shadow and the golden glow of sunlight from the window .
Here is the essence of bourgeois paradise , “ When lovely woman stoops to folly , ” and the beginning of Bonnard ’s method of creating a hinterland between reality as seen by the eye and the visual Eden he wished to create out of his personal life .
In the 1880s , the influence of Japanese prints became widespread in Paris and led to the use of broad areas of colour by both Gauguin , Van Gogh and others .
Bonnard discovered Japanese block prints in an 1890 exhibition at the École des Beaux - Arts , and became a lifetime collector of this foreign art form .
He recoded his passion in a letter to his friend Gaston Diehl :
In a department store , for a few pennies , I found some [ printed ] crepe paper or crinkled rice paper in stunning colours .
I covered the walls of my room with this bright , naïve imagery . . . these things that I had there in front of me were extremely skillful and lively .
Pierre Bonnard , Women in the Garden ( 1892 -1899
The effect of Japonaisme on Bonnard did not immediately lead to the use of the brilliant colours of his later work but rather to the flattening of forms , through limited modelling of the figure , and of space by distorting perspective and exploiting “ decorative ” elements such as fabrics or wallpaper .
This is well illustrated by the four panels of Women in the Garden .
The term “ decorative ” painting , particularly as applied to Bonnard , Vuillard and Matisse , has a double meaning .
First , the use of patterns found in nature or on fabrics , furnishings etc. are emphasised as important design elements ; second , the general philosophy that painting should give pleasure to the owner , in the way that murals , furniture , sculpture , pottery or other artefacts enhance the civilised life .
Bonnard realised this latter philosophy by transforming the mundane onto a higher plane through colour and design .
This idea is evident in the poster France Champagne where the hedonistic joys of wine and woman are combined .
Pierre Bonnard , Young Girl Playing with a Dog 1913
In Young Girl Playing with a Dog , the flat shapes have been abandoned and a degree of modelling applied to the girl , the bushes and the dog .
However , the use of modulated textural elements , the violet foregound , the dark green background , the mottled green and yellow grass , and the blue dress are retained , albeit saturated with painterly light in the manner of the impressionists .
Picasso was very critical of Bonnard , perhaps because he ignored the Spaniard ’s revolutionary transformation of painting .
“ That ’s not painting , ” Picasso said .
“ Painting ca n’t be done that way .
Painting is n’t a question of sensibility ; it ’s a matter of seizing the power , taking over from nature , not expecting her to supply you with information and good advice . ”
Matisse was supportive , however , remarking :
“ Yes !
I certify that Pierre Bonnard is a great painter , for today and for the future . ”
The immediate implication of Picasso ’s remark is that not only should the artist dominate nature but should reject it where necessary , an attitude which led to the increasing abstraction and invention of the inter - war years , leaving the likes of Bonnard , and perhaps Matisse , behind to complete the programme started by impressionism as transformed by the post - impressionists Gauguin and Van Gogh .
One can argue that building on the work of Cézanne , as Picasso and Braque did with cubism , does not exclude the intense development of colour and design derived from the works of Gauguin and Van Gogh carried through by Matisse , Bonnard and others .
Bonnard was not a plein air painter like Monet or Cézanne , any more than Picasso was .
He made copious drawings and notes that served as designs for more than one painting .
Working on unstretched canvas , probably with a hard surface behind , he developed a complex process of manipulating paint , rather in the way that contemporary painters do in seeking out colour and textural possibilities .
The format and content of the painting could then be altered by cropping the canvas .
His subject matter became focussed on domestic interiors , augmented by garden scenes and extended to full scale landscapes , all of which he mastered and developed using his intense repertoire of complex colour .
In this regard , he is comparable to Matisse and Chagall , although without the latter ’s peculiar symbolic bestiary .
During the 1920s the convergence between the works of Matisse and Bonnard are striking , although the latter differed in retaining the expression of volume in still life and figurative painting , in contrast to Matisse ’s relative abandonment of modelled forms in favour of flat , lithographic areas of colour .
Both , however , used decorative design elements as previously described , which in Matisse ’s case were influenced by Islamic rather than Japanese art .
Pierre Bonnard , Interior with Flowers 1919
Bonnard ’s Interior with Flowers illustrates the close affinity with Matisse , particularly with the uses of heightened or even arbitrary colour .
However Bonnard ’s colours are luxurious compared with the duller tones of Matisse ’s Still Life with Dahlias ( 1923 ) .
The ambiguity between flowers and wallpaper in both paintings illustrate the reduction of object to decorative element .
Bonnard ’s domestic painting gives the impression of a reclusive life but he travelled widely in Europe , both before and after the First World War .
In 1909 he travelled to the South of France and , like other notable painters , was influenced by the more intense light there , and returned annually to places like Grasse , San Tropez , Antibes and Le Cannet .
In 1918 he met a young girl called Renée Monchaty and asks her to model for him .
She subsequently became his new mistress and figured in The Bowl of Milk shown below .
With this painting , using intense tones of almost sombre red , orange and brown , the archetypal Bonnard interior is born , with its dual space of dimly lit interior and bright sunlight streaming through the window from an intensely blue southern sky , which saturates the exterior with ultramarine light .
Pierre Bonnard , The Bowl of Milk 1918 - 19
In many such paintings , whether in house or garden , Bonnard succeeded in depicting the subtle adjustments the human eye makes to see brilliant colour in the lower register while handling the strong contrast between brilliant sunlit surfaces and the multicoloured shadows lit from reflected light .
In this example , the grey blue tablecloth in shadow resonates wonderfully with the mellow brown of the desk in shade and succeeds in being darker than the desktop in full sunlight .
In musical terms , this is like experiencing sounds from a cello or lower registers of an organ working in subtly harmony .
Bonnard ’s inspiration from his new muse was short lived .
In August 1925 , he decided to marry Marthe , which resulted in the suicide of Renee Monchaty a few weeks later .
In the New Year , he bought a house at Le Cannet on the hillside above Cannes , and painted many memorable works there .
Pierre Bonnard , Two Women in the Garden 1921 - 23 , reworked 1945 - 46
The painting above , Two Women in the Garden , depicts Renee , facing the viewer , and Marthe marginalised on the edge of the picture .
Bonnard began the painting in 1921 and finished it only in 1946 .
This process of reworking paintings hid the artist ’s development but unified some of his later work .
In over sixty years of assiduous toil , Bonnard produced a great many paintings of considerable variety and of consistently high quality , unlike Picasso whose later work can only generously be described as less convincing than that of his earlier periods .
Selecting representative Bonnards is therefore problematical , but his skill as a landscape painter should not be overlooked .
The landscape below , Bord de mer , sous les pins is reminiscent of Cézanne , except for the inclusion of figures in the foreground , which humanises the scene .
Pierre Bonnard , Bord de mer , sous les pins 1921
Finally , it is de rigueur to include an image of the washing fetishist Marthe in the bath and kinder to exclude the rather sad but vibrant self - portraits of the ageing artist .
Pierre Bonnard , Nude in Bath ( 1941 - 46 )
Pierre Bonnard died in 1947 , after a lifetime of producing a great many intense and beautiful paintings , in keeping with his philosophy of domestic bliss , idealised and frozen in time if not realised in real life .
A calm and intelligent man , he pursued his purpose doggedly and left behind an enduring legacy of visual joy .
Surely as great an achievement as any painter could wish for .
Tony Thomas was born in England in 1939 , and is a retired bureaucrat living in Brisbane , Australia .
He has an Australian wife , two adult daughters , a dog and a cat .
He holds a degree in economics from the University of Queensland .
His interests are catholic , and include : writing fiction , poetry , and blogging political diatribes .
Other abiding interests include political and social philosophy , with occasional forays into logic and the foundations of mathematics .
Chapter 15 : The Handoff
Despite his image as a spoiled goof - off , George W. Bush was deep into the political and intelligence machinations of his father .
The strange companies that W. ran or participated in bear the markings of covert intelligence activities .
The first of these was an international business that W. does n’t talk much about .
The second came over a summer during his years at Harvard Business School .
W. was supposed to be serving out his part - time Air National Guard obligation .
Instead he showed up in Alaska to work at a firm whose owner admits it did intelligence - related work .
This job never made it onto W. ’s thin resume .
After graduation , W. followed his father ’s example , and headed to Texas , supposedly to seek his fortune in the oil industry .
The substantial funds that poured into his first venture did not seem to come from the people who signed the checks .
In any case , the ventures failed to make money for the investors , whoever they really were .
George W. took time out from business to mount his first Congressional campaign .
Again , vast sums poured in , from family friends around the country and from financial , oil , military and intelligence interests .
With the campaign underway , W. met and quickly wed Laura Welch , whose claim that she did not know W. during his troubled National Guard days seems in doubt .
After losing the election , Bush returned to the oil industry in a venture financed in part by figures connected to the Saudis and the Shah of Iran .
When this venture too failed , he was rescued by wealthy Cincinnati businessmen , one of whom he will as president appoint to his foreign intelligence advisory board .
Chapter 16 : The Quacking Duck
W. keeps failing upwards .
When the business that rescued his oil venture fails , it in turn is scooped up by yet another company .
W. ends up with better compensation than ever , despite the new entity ’s general lack of profits .
This new company , Harken Energy , is funded through mysterious offshore entities and figures tied to corrupt dictatorships .
Though investors make little , W ’s involvement sets him up financially , and thus enables him buy into the popular Texas Rangers baseball team .
This alchemy remakes W. as a “ success , ” and paves the way for him to become governor of Texas and then president .
Evidence suggests that W. benefited from insider information when he sold his Harken stock , but an SEC inquiry while his father was president went nowhere .
Behind Harken is a fascinating story .
Among the investors are the billionaire George Soros , assorted Saudis , figures tied to the Shah of Iran , the Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos and the South African apartheid regime , a Swiss bank , a Little Rock - based investment house with intelligence ties , and the endowment of Harvard University .
In fact , Harvard ’s endowment fund risked tens of millions of dollars on this strange company ; and this story leads to the secret life of one of its most powerful alumni , and to a large - scale gold - smuggling operation begun during the Pacific Campaign in World War II -- apparently designed to fund unauthorized US covert operations worldwide .
Chapter 17 : Playing Hardball
George W. Bush ’s resume for the first three decades of his adult life was defined by embarrassing public failures and private activities that were equally problematic .
But careful repositioning as the “ managing director ” and front man for the Texas Rangers baseball team transformed him into an attractive candidate for political office .
A look at the role of the Bushes and their friends in the ownership of sports enterprises -- not just baseball but also golf , tennis , horse racing , yachting and more -- shows that this is hardly the first time the family and friends have exerted influence through America ’s pastimes .
To assure a profit from the Rangers , Bush and his investor group relied on inside connections , favoritism , and arm - twisting .
The deal for a new stadium involved the government taking of private land and increased taxes on local citizens , all of which contradicted positions that Bush will trumpet later .
Bush ’s eventual profits -- which set him up for life -- were subsidized not just by local taxpayers but by his influence - seeking partners as well .
Chapter 18 : Meet the Help
To ensure his early political success , Bush is surrounded by a team that blocks every attempt to dig deeply into his background and character .
His retinue embodied traits -- moral turpitude , viciousness and secretiveness -- that would later come to define his White House .
W. ’s team guides him through win-win issues that are popular with Texas voters and big donors as well .
He also does favors for major backers that hurt the public but aid his own upward climb .
These include curbs on class action lawsuits , which allow the weak and the poor to wrest justice from powerful economic interests .
Bush also turned over management of the University of Texas ’s vast financial resources to the investor who bought his shares in the Texas Rangers .
In a charm offensive , Bush adopts the tagline of “ compassionate conservative , ” which state and national press readily embrace .
He assembles a crew of black and brown advisers -- some with sketchy backgrounds -- and presents himself as a “ uniter not a divider . ”
Bush ’s handlers turn him into an instant “ rancher ” to scrub him of association with the Eastern elite that his father never overcame .
They also use falsified academic results from the Texas public schools to portray W. as an educational reformer .
Chapter 19 : The Conversion
George W. Bush never would have won the presidency without the support of the evangelical Christian Right .
His well - publicized conversion as a born - again Christian served both to appeal to this bloc , and also to wipe the slate clean on the sins of his past .
Bush ’s conversion story has never been questioned .
But Doug Wead , the political - religious consultant who taught the Bushes how to use the Christian Right to win , here provides a blow by blow .
Poppy was slow to grasp the import , but W. got it instantly -- and was far more adaptable .
The timing of key memos suggests that Bush ’s conversion had at least an element of political calculation -- and probably a large one .
The moneyed circles of which the Bushes are part , including the Rockefellers and Dulleses , long understood how public involvement with religion conferred honor upon their enterprises .
But none came close to George W. Bush in mastering the inflections that could win over the religious masses .
Planted anecdotes established an inspiring back story that explained how a self - centered hedonist turned his life around .
These included a probably fanciful conversation on a beach with the evangelist Billy Graham , complete with echoes from the Gospels , and the deliberate seeding of an almost Scriptural account of his redemption from demon rum .
Wead recounts W.’s single - minded focus on results .
He asserts that W.-- in contrast to his father -- was the most decisive man he ever met .
Wead also shares stories of W ’s confiding how he learned to manipulate the press .
According to Wead , the purported rift between father and son was deliberately exaggerated ; W. was a confidante on both high - level campaign decisions and extremely sensitive covert matters .
The Bush camp planted spies in the campaigns of opponents and used political covert ops to destroy those opponents .
Wead further reveals how the Bushes panicked when they learned he had taped candid conversations with W .
The result was a standoff : the tapes were locked away in a safe to which there are only two keys -- one held by Wead , the other by George W. Bush himself .
Chapter 20 : The Skeleton in W’s Closet
At a televised debate during George W. Bush ’s Texas gubernatorial campaign , a local tv reporter asked how he had gotten into a coveted Air National Guard squadron while thousands of his contemporaries were turned away and had to go to Vietnam .
The reporter was surprised by the furious reaction from Bush ’s handlers .
Their concern , it turned out , was less about how Bush had gotten into the Guard , than about how he had gotten out .
For W. to succeed politically , he had to contain a devastating secret -- that he had walked away from his Vietnam - era military service two years before it was up .
Desertion would not just have been a political liability but a federal crime as well .
Once Bush was elected governor , his team went to work cleaning up the paper trail .
Records disappeared ; other , more helpful documents somehow materialized .
Witnesses were co-opted or silenced .
Anonymous allegations would surface that Bush had rewarded the silence of a former Texas Lt. Governor who knew details of Bush ’s military record with a multi-million dollar lobbying contract .
When a National Guard consultant , Bill Burkett , came forward to claim he had seen evidence that Bush ’s Guard records were being suppressed -- and that the Guard under Bush was corrupt -- he began to face harassment that would destroy his career and his health .
During the 2000 presidential campaign , W. agrees to cooperate on a campaign biography with Mickey Herskowitz , an experienced journalist , ghost writer and family friend .
Herskowitz will eventually be ousted by Bush ’s handlers , who are uncomfortable with the author ’s inclusion of potentially embarrassing remarks from Bush .
But years later , the ghostwriter tells Baker what Bush told him : that he felt his accomplishments were embarrassingly limited , and that he had few ideas of what he would do as president .
He actually admitted that he had not finished his military service , and claimed that he had been “ excused ” from duty .
Bush also told Herskowitz that in his view a great leader never admits a mistake .
Chapter 21 : Shock and … Oil ?
Why did George W. Bush invade Iraq ?
Bush ’s ghostwriter Herskowitz sheds new light on the question .
It was an idée fixe in the mind of presidential candidate Bush that if he were elected in 2000 , he would invade Iraq and drive Saddam Hussein from power .
This was long before the alleged justifications in the wake of 9/11 .
According to Herskowitz , GOP advisers had long counseled W. that a successful president must also be seen as a heroic Commander in Chief , which requires launching and winning a war .
Bush ’s simplistic notion dovetailed with the more sophisticated objectives of neocons and oilmen .
The claims of revulsion and outrage at the atrocities of Saddam were less than honest .
Little - known testimony by former American officials revealed that the US was working with Saddam Hussein as far back as 1959 .
Saddam cooperated with US covert efforts that year to overthrow another Iraqi leader .
Saddam was not the only US friend to fall out of favor .
The Panamanian strongman Manuel Noriega had a longstanding relationship with George W. Bush ’s father dating back to when the latter served as CIA director .
George H.W. Bush turned on Noriega when he failed to collaborate in operations against the Nicaraguan Sandinista regime .
As for the so - called Coalition of the Willing that created a pretense of broad international support for the invasion of Iraq , there are several back stories .
One is the pressure -- including surveillance -- applied to allies before they relented and joined the effort .
Another , involving oil and intelligence , explains the unexpectedly close relationship between Republican Bush and his chief war partner , the British Prime Minister Tony Blair of the more liberal Labour Party .
Chapter 22 : Deflection for Reelection
SUMMARY : This chapter details the campaign of propaganda and intimidation to support the Iraq invasion , destroy Bush ’s opponents , and ensure his re-election .
DETAIL : When it becomes clear that the public has been sold a bill of goods on Iraq , Democratic candidates emerge to oppose Bush for re-election , and reporters start sniffing around his National Guard record .
In response , the Bush forces move quickly .
Their counter - campaign will involve subterfuge , disinformation , misdirection and the destruction of critics and opponents – the dark arts of the intelligence trade .
Many reporters accept misleading answers as truth .
Dubious sources are produced , yet their credibility problems are not explored .
The Bush team soon takes counteroffensive to extreme lengths , and deflects public scrutiny from Bush to his critics .
It is one of the most elaborate domestic covert operations ever conducted .
In the end , Bush ’s opponent John Kerry is tarnished by a supposedly independent group called Swift Boat Veterans for Truth .
Bush ’s most visible national media questioner , Dan Rather , is destroyed by embracing what are later characterized as fake documents , but no one asks where those documents came from or who was behind them .
In the final stretch of the 2004 campaign , the media are too cowed to question .
Chapter 23 : Domestic Disturbance
The Bush enterprise benefited from a wide and chronic gap between the public ’s perception and reality .
When people looked at the family , they typically saw a genial , largely rudderless Poppy , and a more determined , principled , and deeply religious W .
Campaign themes stressed the younger Bush ’s apparent moderation .
The talking points were compassionate conservatism and an ability to work with adversaries ; a patrician concern for the environment ; a desire to shrink the federal government but only so as to empower people to control their own lives and destinies ; an aversion to liberal -- and costly -- nation - building exercises abroad .
But the reality was something else entirely : a taste for wars aimed at the acquisition of natural resources and the preservation of class prerogative , abetted by secrecy , intimidation , and the darkest arts of the intelligence establishment ( both psychological and covert ops ) .
W. differed from his father largely in terms of his bumptious , in - your - face aggression , and his failure to camouflage his moves .
Instead of operating mostly in the shadows , as the elder Bush had done , W. and his team concentrated on blocking the flow of information about everything they did .
Virtually their first order of business was to ensure that embarrassing secrets from the past remained under lock and key .
There was an assault on open government laws , and a determination to reclassify documents already released .
Data was slanted for political purposes , records were destroyed , elaborate chains of blame - shifting became commonplace .
While the administration sought to protect its own secrets , it wanted to know everything about everyone else .
In the wake of 9/11 , a million Americans were put on a watch list ; and the administration claimed practically unlimited authority to snoop on ordinary citizens .
Color - coded terror alerts were sounded to keep Americans on edge .
The vigilance was suspended , however , when it came to chemical plants and port facilities , where the administration found the inconvenience to corporate owners unduly costly or unnecessary .
While talking about making government smaller , Bush and his team rerouted public dollars to their own friends and preferred projects .
Most of the cuts came in benefits to the most vulnerable .
A host of cronies were hired to regulate their old bosses in industry .
W. followed the example of his father and took care of retainers who had kept his secrets .
He made his longtime aide Alberto Gonzales the Attorney General and tried to get his personal lawyer Harriet Miers onto the Supreme Court .
The epitome of all this was Bush ’s Federal Emergency Management Agency .
FEMA ’s failures during Hurricane Katrina under an inexperienced and vain director are well known .
Less known are the checkered pasts of the small - time GOP operatives whom W. appointed to head this crucial agency -- mainly on the basis of their loyalty to himself .
Chapter 24 : Conclusion
Throughout this book , Baker reveals how so many of our basic assumptions about recent American history are wrong .
This is no accident .
Our perceptions and our opinions are the result of the information we receive .
Nobody understood that better than the Bushes and their team .
And nobody was better at controlling and influencing that information flow .
Falsehood becomes “ conventional wisdom ” by sheer repetition , and the media through its passivity becomes an accomplice .
From this springs a paradox : it is those things we take most for granted about which we may be most deceived .
The growing gap between perception and reality cries out for energetic investigation , independent analysis , and perhaps most of all , an acute alertness to the techniques of the intelligence game and their role in our politics and daily dialogue .
This suggests what may be the number - one unreported political story of our era : how American democracy itself has become a casualty of the psychological - warfare operations developed decades ago , purportedly for use against an enemy that no longer exists , and now turned , with dire consequences , on the American people and our system of government .
Over the past couple of weeks , I 've laid out short summaries of the chapters in Russ Baker 's marvelous book about the Bushes , Family of Secrets .
The first batch were here and the second installment was here .
This evening I want to finish up with the last 9 chapters and the conclusion .
I 'm going to sleep .
When I wake up tomorrow , I 'll look at all the contributions that come in on this brand new Blue America page and I 'll put all the donors ' names in a hat -- regardless of the amount -- and pick one to get a brand new copy of the book .
Labels : Bush Family , Russ Baker
2009 was a year that we , for better or worse , wo n’t ever forget .
From ringing in ( and becoming disillusioned with ) a new Presidency , to having to suddenly become accustomed to a more positive definition of the word “ twit , ” I can say without fear of stereotype that the final year in the century ’s first decade has stabbed its way into the history books .
Far from being removed from the rest of the world , the video game industry acted both as a microcosm of the social climate around it , and gave us the escapism needed to ignore said climate when necessary .
2009 had its share of ups and downs as much as any other year , the twelve month landscape dotted with a near - impossible amount of high - profile happenings .
So , let the Gav take you back through the year that broke records , broke controversies , and broke all of our expectations .
— –The Recession - Proof Industry is No More — —
The most impossible trend to ignore in 2009 was the economic down - turn to one of the most reliable cash - cow industries in the world .
Lay - offs both major and minor hit some of the top publishers and developers in the business ( Electronic Arts : 1,500 ; Activision : an entire studio+ ; ) and more markedly from the smaller companies ( ‘ Edge of Twilight ’ Devs Fuzzyeyes , Aspyr Media . )
With big losses coming at all points of the year , most company representatives came back to us at Elder - Geek with the same – logical – excuse : sales drops .
It seems that even the steel - willed entertainment industry could n’t bear the recession tide any more , as almost every quarter saw a drop in comparative numbers from last year .
The long - true strategy of hardware bundling proved poisonous , and even the stalwart Black Friday consumer - phenomenon racked in 8 % less than 2008 , leaving little surprise to be had when the industry rounded out 2009 down 36 % in investment .
We even lost some magazines , one coming back in some form ( EGM ) the other left in the cold ( PSW . )
On a more itemized scale , several companies are going into winter hibernation to lick some serious wounds .
Developer Take - Two Interactive posted a $ 138 million loss over the year , and Sony Computer Entertainment continues to hemorrhage funds each quarter .
Ubisoft also lost some major pocket change , but due to the almost forgotten threat of piracy ( how retro of them . )
But the blows that felt hardest where when studios both beloved ( bye bye Pandemic and Eidos publishing ) and not ( GRIN and Midway ) had to shut their doors for good .
3D Realms also seemed to briefly shut down , reminding us somewhat confusedly that people still pay them for some reason .
All is not lost , however , as a drop in overall numbers was n’t all the news on the financial front of ’09 .
While many casual game fronts that had supported the industry this generation fell short this year , core gamers briefly returned to relevancy with a 17 % uptick in sales for the last half of the year .
Strong numbers for titles like Batman : Arkham Asylum ( 2.5 million in one month , ) and Left 4 Dead 2 ( 2 million in two weeks ) in addition to expected blockbusters like Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 and Final Fantasy XIII ( in Japan ) help remind developers that the audience that ’s been with them for decades can still vote well with their dollars .
— –E3 is Back ! — –
As Elder - Geek ’s own representative to the Big Boy ’s Club this year , I experienced first - hand the return to glory of gaming ’s biggest event .
All of the major games were represented both big and small , the Electronic Entertainment Expo drawing 40,000 + people from both the industry and public .
Scribblenauts surprised many with its immense vocabulary , and the expected big releases ( Assassin ’s Creed II , Uncharted 2 , New Super Mario Bros .
Wii , and Alan Wake being some of the highlights ) had their trailer - moments in the sun , but each of the Big Three came away with a chunk of the attention in 2009 with some impressive announcements .
Microsoft started E3 off big with some on - stage Beatles magic , and Halo : Reach and ( briefly - believed - to - be- exclusive ) Metal Gear Rising teasers , but their demonstration of Project Natal stole the show and nabbed the company multiple “ Best of ” awards .
Nintendo teased a bit with a over an hour of casual plugs ( Golden Sun DS not - withstanding ) before the knock - out punch of Metroid : Other ‘ M ’ caught even the most suspicious gamers by surprise .
And while Sony did n’t have nearly as many awe - inspiring reveals ( the launch of the PSPGo being leaked long before it appeared in Kaz Hirai ’s hands , ) the company managed a rock - solid showing of its known properties as well as fiddling about on - stage with their new ‘ Wand ’ and the customizable Mario Kart that is Modnation Racers .
Oh , and for some reason , they talked about ( the also - briefly - believed - to - be- exclusive ) Final Fantasy XIV , to laughs of surprise from the audience ( the loudest being my own , naturally . )
We did n’t get Zelda on the Wii or our 2009 - release date for God of War III , but there is no denying that the daddy of all video game conventions has come home after two terrible missteps of years .
Now we just have to make sure it stays this way …
The rest of The Gav ’s E3 thoughts can be found here and here .
— –Of Price Cuts and Portables — –
Perhaps in direct connection with the continued economic downswing , each of the three major home consoles got a price reduction this year to high acclaims and relieved sighs of “ Finally ! ”
First out of the gate was Sony ’s Gamescom - absorbing ( was n’t Fable III announced at some point ? ) dual - announcement of a Slim SKU and adjoined price cut for the Playstation 3 , bringing the Black Behemoth down to a manageable size and $ 299 price tag .
Despite the leak from Kmart happening less than a day beforehand , nothing seemed to quench the excitement for the new model , which broke Amazon.com ’s pre-order record and brought the console ’s sales up 999 % , selling one million units in its first three weeks .
But while Sony continues to support the console with region - exclusive and holiday - season bundles , its dominance over the Wii in the NPD sales was short - lived .
The Xbox 360 followed competitive suit with its own price cut shortly after .
On the other side of Sony ’s success was their new iteration of the Playstation Portable , the all digital - PSPGo .
The self - described worst kept secret of E3 , the new handheld launched to mixed acclaim and slow sales , most likely because they ignored Elder - Geek ’s own list of qualifications .
Despite 16,000 items available at the system ’s launch ( and the copying of Nintendo ’s “ Stupidly Named Hardware Sells ” policy , ) the PSPGo received a price cut in the UK only two months after its worldwide launch .
After a hilariously fake Logitech UMD - add on further teased hardcore on - the - fence buyers , the system has since resigned to minimally changing the PSP ’s lukewarm sales .
It turns out we all wanted that wickedly awesome fan - modded version after all .
It was n’t all Sony news this year , as Nintendo had only to counter with a similarly obligatory price cut to reclaim fiscal superiority for the rest of the year , despite the continued rumors for a Wii 2.0 ( or the continued fan - longing for a Wii - HD . )
Seeing an 85 % sales boost was just the beginning for the Big N , as they introduced a new string of DSi units to satiate some consumer complaints with the previous models .
The DSi XL ( LL in Japan ) sported bigger screens and a slightly bigger price tag , but their announcement – if anything like the DSi’s – will only spark more millions of units sold for Nintendo .
While having been released in Japan for over a month now , Western gamers will have to settle for it being one of their top must - buys of next year .
And this is all after the immense success of the original DSi units in the Western market since it ’s April launch .
We are n’t close to done yet !
Check back for Part 2 and the rest of 2009 ’s Greats and Grievances !
Take a quick look at fangirl history and you will realize that fangirls ’ devotion has “ made ” some of the most significant players in pop culture history .
Fangirls are one of the primary drivers in popular media and today they are more empowered than ever before .
LAS VEGAS ( Reuters ) - Dell
Inc is bringing its first - ever smartphone to the United States with AT&T Inc as the carrier , making a push into mobile devices as its core personal computer business struggles .
Customers examine Dell laptop models at a Dell outlet in Hong Kong in this October 21 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Bobby Yip
Dell said on Wednesday that AT&T will carry a smartphone from Dell ’s Mini 3 family , a touchscreen device based on Google Inc ’s Android mobile operating system .
The company declined to provide details on pricing or availability of the phone , expected in the first half of 2010 .
Dell ’s smartphone was formally announced late last year and is currently available only in China and Brazil .
A source had told Reuters in October that Dell planned to sell a phone in the United States on AT&T ’s network .
When asked how the Mini 3 was selling in its brief time on the market , Michael Tatelman , vice president of consumer sales and marketing at Dell , said , “ We ’re happy with where we are . ”
Enderle Group analyst Rob Enderle said Dell faces a tough challenge in the United States , which is already crammed with popular devices such as Apple Inc ’s iPhone , Research in Motion Ltd ’s BlackBerry and Google ’s just announced Nexus One .
Enderle said the key to Dell ’s success will be marketing the Mini 3 , and that AT&T ’s network ’s has plenty of U.S. reach .
AT&T has more than 81 million wireless subscribers , the second - largest , behind Verizon Wireless , a joint venture of Verizon communications Inc and Vodafone Group Plc .
Dell ’s smartphone is part of its concerted push into the mobility arena .
Last month the company formed a separate business unit focused on communications and mobile devices .
“ If you look at trends in the business in the next three to five years , it ’s fair to say that every device is going to be connected all the time , ” Tatelman said , adding that Dell was looking to form close relationships with mobile operators .
Dell relies heavily on commercial sales of PCs , and its business has been hit hard by the economic downturn .
The company fell to third place in the global PC market last quarter , behind Hewlett - Packard Co and Acer Inc which also sell smartphones .
At the same time , Dell has looked to expand its reach with consumers .
Dell will hold a media event on Thursday in Las Vegas in connection with the Consumer Electronics Show .
Although Tatelman declined to provide details , he said Dell will be unveiling an “ ultramobile gaming platform ” from its high - end Alienware brand .
“ I expect it to be one of the top consumer electronics products for 2010 , ” he said .
Dell will also show off some concept devices in other screen sizes and forms , he said .
New federal rules will be developed but the officials said they would apply only to animals being moved in interstate commerce , such as cattle raised in one state being transported to a slaughterhouse in another state .
It could take two years or more to create new federal rules , the officials said , and it was not clear how far the government would go to restrict the movement of livestock between states if the animals did not meet basic traceability standards .
The system was created by the Bush administration in 2004 after the discovery in late 2003 of a cow infected with mad cow disease .
Participation of ranchers and farmers in the identification system was voluntary , but the goal was to give every animal , or in the case of pigs and poultry , groups of animals , a unique identification number that would be entered in a database .
The movements of animals would be tracked , and if there was a disease outbreak or a sick animal was found , officials could quickly locate other animals that had been exposed .
But the system quickly drew the ire of many farmers and ranchers , particularly cattle producers .
Some objected to the cost of identification equipment and the extra work in having to report their animals ’ movements .
Others said they believed the voluntary system would become mandatory , that it was intrusive and that the federal government would use it to pry into their lives and finances .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
An executive for Smith & Wesson Holding Corp and 21 others have been charged with violating federal bribery laws involving the sale of weapons and protective gear , the U.S. Justice Department said on Tuesday .
The indictments accused the individuals , including Smith & Wesson Vice President for Sales Amaro Goncalves , with violating the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act , or FCPA , and conspiracy to commit money laundering involving the sale of items including guns and body armor .
The FCPA prohibits the payment of bribes to foreign officials in order to secure business contracts .
The Federal Bureau of Investigation set up sting operations that ensnared the 22 individuals on charges that they tried to bribe a purported African defense minister to win contracts .
Twenty - one of the men were arrested in Las Vegas , where they were attending the SHOT Show , a large shooting - sports and hunting convention .
The 22nd defendant was arrested in Miami .
“ This is one case where what happens in Vegas did n’t stay in Vegas , ” Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer said at a news conference .
The indictments , returned on December 11 , were unsealed by a U.S. judge on Tuesday in U.S. district court in Washington .
Among those charged was the chief executive of Protective Products of America Inc , R. Patrick Caldwell , who previously worked for the U.S. Secret Service for 27 years and was in charge of the division for the vice president ’s protection .
An attempt to reach Protective Products was not immediately successful .
Protective Products filed for bankruptcy protection last week and sought approval to be acquired by an affiliate of the private investment firm Sun Capital Partners Inc .
A representative for Smith & Wesson was not immediately available for comment .
Most of the defendants were expected to be arraigned later on Tuesday in Las Vegas .
STING OPERATION
As part of the FBI sting operation , an unidentified business associate who was a former executive for an arms manufacturer arranged a meeting between the arms sales representatives and undercover FBI agents who posed as representatives of an African country ’s minister of defense .
The agents told the sales representatives that in order to win a contract , they had to add a 20 percent “ commission ” to price quotes , half of which would go to the purported minister of defense and the rest would be split between the others .
In the case of the Smith & Wesson executive , Goncalves gave price quotes for two sales , a small one of 25 guns and a larger one with 1,800 pistols .
He gave two price quotes for the transactions , including one that had its price inflated by 20 percent , the Justice Department said .
The two - and - a - half - year - long investigation involved 250 FBI agents , according to Mark Mendelsohn , deputy chief of the Justice Department ’s fraud division .
In connection with the indictments , 150 agents executed 14 search warrants across the country and British police executed another seven , Justice Department officials said .
Three of the defendants worked for unnamed British companies ; another worked for an unnamed Israeli company , according to the indictments .
The defendants sought to obtain contracts for the sale of products ranging from grenade and tear gas launchers to pistols , ammunition and explosive detection kits .
Breuer said the investigation was the largest action ever undertaken by the Justice Department against individuals in an FCPA case .
He also said it marked the department ’s first large - scale use of undercover techniques in an FCPA investigation .
“ We ’re steadily pushing this unacceptable practice out of the business playbook by prosecuting companies and individuals who ignore the law , as well as by working with our international counterparts in their efforts to prevent and prosecute foreign bribery , ” Breuer said .
He said the Justice Department currently has 140 open FCPA investigations .
Kevin Perkins , assistant director of the FBI ’s criminal investigative division , said 20 agents were working on FCPA cases full time .
The cases are in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia , Nos. 09-335 through 09-350 .
2010-01-21
Howdy folks !
It ’s that time again when we share MooTools tips and tricks !
Yes , it ’s another Up The Moo Herd post , and this time we tackle those little known utility functions in MooTools .
These little buggers might be short and sweet , but these functions power a bulk of the MooTools machinery , and by learning to use them you can improve your own code .
Before we begin , let me apologize for the delay in the series .
The past few months has been ( and still is ) taxing for me as I try to arrange various parts of my life .
And as much as I love to keep on churning more and more posts on MooTools , I still have other priorities to consider .
And yes !
If you ’re looking for a frontend developer or a JavaScript guy to work with , I ’m available !
( nudge , nudge , wink , wink ) .
And as in the previous two parts of this series , the title of this post is again taken from a song –this time from the debut album of Chairlift , “ Does This Inspire You , ” one of my favorite albums to listen to on a gloomy , rainy afternoon .
So with those things said , let ’s start getting useful with utility functions !
$ Makes The World Go Round
You ’ll notice that there are a few functions in MooTools that start with the $ ( dollar ) symbol .
Some people refer to them as the dollar - functions , but that ’s confusing because we already have two dollar - functions – $ ( ) and $ $ ( ) – that are the two most used functions when working with the DOM .
So let ’s call them utility functions instead .
A few utility functions you might already know , and a few you might have already used yourself .
Take for instance the highly loved $ type ( ) function .
It takes a single argument and returns the type of that argument .
// JavaScript 's typeof operator .. typeof " a " ; // ' string ' typeof 1 ; // ' number ' typeof {} ; // ' object ' typeof [ ] ; // ' object '.. wait , what ?
typeof /m/ ; // ' object ' in some , ' function ' in others .. typeof $ ( ' id ' ) ; // ' object '.. you 're not helping ! // $ type .. $ type ( " a " ) ; // ' string ' $ type ( 1 ) ; // ' number ' $ type ( {} ) ; // ' object ' $ type ( [ ] ) ; // ' array '.. nice !
$ type ( /m/ ) ; // ' regexp '.. perfect !
$ type ( $ ( ' id ' ) ) ; // ' element '.. now you 're just showing off ..
So $ type ( ) , with its ability to differentiate between 17 different types , is one of the most useful functions in MooTools .
But there are other ones you might have not heard of …
Extend and Merge
I ’ve often used one of my favorite utility functions in the past parts of this series : $ extend ( ) .
This function takes 2 objects as arguments , original and extension , and takes the members from extension and adds them to original :
var original = { firstName : ' Conan ' } ; var extension = { lastName : ' OBrien ' } ; $ extend ( original , extension ) ; original .
firstName ; // ' Conan ' original .
lastName ; // ' OBrien '
So why did n’t I place a variable declaration on line 4 ?
That ’s because $ extend ( ) makes the changes in - place–new members are added directly to the original object ( and any existing member with the same key is overwritten ) .
Because we already defined our original object in line 1 , we can reference the variable in the next lines .
This is why I have lines like $ extend ( Singleton , new Events ) from previous post .
However , if you ’re gonna pass object literals to $ extend ( ) , make sure it ’s part of a variable definition , so you ’ll be able to use the object :
// Passing in literals .. var my Obj = $ extend ( { firstName : ' Conan ' } , { lastName : ' OBrien ' } ) ; my Obj .
firstName ; // ' Conan ' my Obj .
lastName ; // ' OBrien '
Now there ’s another utility function similar to $ extend ( ) called $ merge ( ) .
Similar because they act the same way ( ie. take members from an object and add it to another ) , but they are totally different functions for different purposes .
The first difference is that you can pass multiple objects to $ merge ( ) – you ’re not limited to two per invocation .
Second is that it does n’t make changes in - place .
Instead , it creates a new object and adds members from all objects passed :
var original = { firstName : ' Conan ' } ; var extension = { lastName : ' OBrien ' } ; var another = { codename : ' Coco ' } ; var merged = $ merge ( original , extension , another ) ; original .
firstName ; // ' Conan ' original .
lastName ; // undefined merged .
firstName ; // ' Conan ' merged .
lastName ; // ' OBrien ' merged .
codename ; // ' Coco '
As you can see , $ merge ( ) did n’t touch the original object , unlike $ extend ( ) , but returned a new object with the members from all the objects passed .
Breaking Ties That Bind
There ’s a bigger difference between $ extend ( ) and $ merge ( ) , one that touches another utility method .
Consider the following snippet using $ extend ( ) :
var person = { name : ' Conan OBrien ' } ; var show = { name : ' Tonight Show ' , host : person } ; var tonight
Show = {} ; $ extend ( tonight Show , show ) ; //
So far so good ..
tonightShow .
name ; // ' Tonight Show ' tonight
Show .
host .
name ; // ' Conan OBrien ' //
Let 's screw things .. person .
name = ' Jay Leno ' ; tonightShow .
host .
name ; // ' Jay Leno ' ... shit .
Now , with $ merge :
var person = { name : ' Conan OBrien ' } ; var show = { name : ' Tonight Show ' , host : person } ; var tonight
Show = $ merge ( {} , show ) ; tonight Show .
name ; // ' Tonight Show ' tonight
Show .
host .
name ; // ' Conan OBrien ' //
Can we screw things ?
person .
name = ' Jay Leno ' ; tonightShow .
host .
name ; // ' Conan OBrien ' ... hooray !
With the $ extend ( ) code , when we changed the value of the name property of our person object , the value is also reflected on our tonight Show .
host object .
This happens because on line 2 , we reference the person object as the value of the host property of our show object .
With $ extend ( ) , all references are kept : any changes in an object will be reflected on any property that points to that object .
However , this does not happen with $ merge ( ) because this function dereferences objects .
This means that if one of the members in an object references or points to another object , it creates a new object and copies all members from that referenced object so that no links are kept .
In other words , it kind of clones objects so that your new object is really new–there ’s nothing that links it from the old object .
In MooTools , we call this process unlinking , and we have a utility function called $ unlink ( ) which does this for us :
// Linked .. var person = { name : ' Mark ' } ; var human = person ; person .
name ; // ' Mark ' human .
name ; // ' Mark ' human .
name = ' Joseph ' ; person .
name ; // ' Joseph ' ; // Unlinked .. person = { name : ' Mark ' } ; human = $ unlink ( person ) ; person .
name ; // ' Mark ' human .
name ; // ' Mark ' human .
name = ' Joseph ' ; person .
name ; // ' Mark ' ;
$ unlink is deep - recursive , so if you have objects within objects , it copies and unlinks all of these until it reaches the end .
It ’s a very useful function especially when you ’re cloning objects but do n’t wanna keep references .
Where ’s Unlink ?
If this is the first time you ’ve heard about $ unlink ( ) , you ’re probably wondering why you ’ve never seen it before or why it ’s not in the docs .
The short answer is that it was probably an oversight by the original doc writers .
And yes , it ’s public API so it ’s safe to use it .
Functuations
There are three useful functions included in core that deal with functions .
The first is $ empty which is just what it name implies : an empty function , just like function ( ) {} .
Why does this function even exists if it does nothing ?
Well , it ’s used as a placeholder function and saves you from typing function ( ) {} too much .
In the old days of MooTools , $empty was used as a placeholder in - core class definition of the event handlers , like so :
var Car = new Class ({ Implements : Options , options : { onDrive : $ empty , onStart : $ empty } , initialize : function ( options ) { this .
setOptions ( options ) ; } } ) ;
This is no longer considered good style , and you ’ll notice that in current versions , these old lines are now commented out ( but retained for documentation ) .
Another use for $ empty is for object mocking , especially event objects .
Say for instance you have this code :
$ ( ' myLink ' ) . addEvent ( ' click ' , function ( e ) { e . stop ( ) ; // do more things .. } ) ; // further on .. $ ( ' my Link ' ) . fireEvent ( ' click ' ) ;
The last line above will throw an error ( “ Undefined ‘e ’ does not have a method ‘ stop ’ ” ) , because the handler event for # myLink : click expects an event object .
In order to make it work , you can pass a second argument to fireEvent ( ) –a mock object , which is an object that pretends to be another kind .
In this case the event handler expects an event object with the method stop ( ) , so let ’s give it one :
$ ( ' myLink ' ) . addEvent ( ' click ' , function ( e ) { e . stop ( ) ; // do more things .. } ) ; // further on .. $ ( ' my Link ' ) . fireEvent ( ' click ' , { stop : $ empty } ) ;
Instead of actually creating a complex stop method for our mock object , we just use $ empty and be done with it .
So if you need mock objects with methods that really do n’t matter if they return anything , $ empty is a handy function .
The second utility function is called $ lambda ( ) , and this simple function creates a function that returns whatever value is passed :
$ lambda ( 1 ) ( ) ; // returns 1 ; $ lambda ( ' test ' ) ( ) ; // returns ' test ';
Again , you might be wondering how this function is useful–it only creates a function that returns a value , what ’s so great about that ?
Well , aside from the fact that it could be used to create quick functions on the fly , one thing about $ lambda ( ) is that if the value passed is a function , it will return that exact same function .
This is very useful in cases where you ’d want to accept either functions that return native values or actual native values for your methods .
// Without $ lambda ( ) .. var Dict = new Class ( { storage : {} , set : function ( key , value ) { //
Check whether the value is a function , // if yes , call it and then use the return // value .. var isFunc = ( $ type ( value ) === ' function ' ) ; this .
storage [ key ] = isFunc ? value ( ) : value ; return this ; } , get : function ( key ) { return this .
storage [ key ] ; } } ) ; var dict = new Dict ( ) ; dict .
set ( ' name ' , function ( ) { return ' markee ' ; } ) ; dict .
get ( ' name ' ) ; // returns ' markee ' ; // With $ lambda ( ).. var Dict = new Class ( { storage : {} , set : function ( key , value ) { this .
storage [ key ] = $ lambda ( value ) ( ) ; return this ; } , get : function ( key ) { return this .
storage [ key ] ; } } ) ; var dict = new Dict ( ) ; dict .
set ( ' name ' , function ( ) { return ' markee ' ; } ) ; dict .
get ( ' name ' ) ; // returns ' markee ' ;
The two implementations work the same , but the second is cleaner and removes the need for explicit checks on your part .
Finally , we have $ try ( ) , an awfully useful function that seems to be overlooked by many .
You probably already know that we have a try / catch statements in JavaScript , and $ try ( ) is really just a spiced up version of this statement .
The function accepts multiple functions and runs them ; the return value of the first function that does n’t error out or raise an exception will be returned by the $ try ( ) function .
If all functions fail , then it returns null .
An important example for the use of $ try ( ) MooTools ’ implementation of Browser .
Request , which is the base for XMLHttpRequest classes such as Request .
In order to make XMLHttpRequest code cross - browser , you ’ll have to take note of the fact that Internet Explorer uses two different constructor for XHRs ( while all other browsers implement the same–nice going IE ! ) .
For instance , one of the first books on Ajax that I ’ve read in 2007 had a code similar this to implement cross- browser XHRs :
var XHR = null ; //
Check for IE .. try { // Newer JS version ..
XHR = new ActiveXObject ( " MSXML2.XMLHTTP " ) ; } catch ( e ) { try { //
Older version ..
XHR = new ActiveXObject ( " Microsoft.XMLHTTP " ) ; } catch ( e ) { XHR = null ; } } // Non-IE browsers .. if ( ! XHR && typeof XMLHttpRequest != ' undefined ' ) { XHR = new XMLHttpRequest ( ) ; }
Yes , those are two try / catch blocks you ’re seeing there ( and they ’re nested ! ) .
Now let ’s see how it would look like using $ try ( ) :
var XHR = $ try ( function ( ) { // Non-IE browsers .. return new XMLHttpRequest ( ) ; } , function ( ) { // Newer IE JS version ..
return new ActiveXObject ( " MSXML2.XMLHTTP " ) ; } , function ( ) { //
Older IE version ..
return new ActiveXObject ( " Microsoft.XMLHTTP " ) ; } ) ;
The above code is almost how MooTools implements Browser .
Request .
And it ’s certainly more readable than the first one .
Try Does n’t Die Real try / catch blocks still serve their purpose , so do n’t think that $ try ( ) is the end of these statements .
Exception handling is still an important programming area , and if you want to really handle exceptions , you ’ll need to use traditional try / catch blocks .
But if you find yourself writing empty catch blocks ( ie , catch ( e ) {} ) to silence errors , then you might want to consider using $ try ( ) instead .
Checkmates
There are two simple checker functions in MooTools , $ defined ( ) and $ chk ( ) .
Before we explain why these functions exists , you ’ll need to learn a few things about falsy values in JavaScript .
There are six falsy values in JavaScript : false , null , undefined , 0 , NaN ( not a number ) and " " ( an empty string ) .
They are called falsy values because when used in logical statements , their values are treated as false .
Easy enough to understand , right ?
Now let ’s remember that in JavaScript , we have certain idiomatic expressions that make our code cleaner .
For instance , we have the use of the || operator for setting default values instead of using if / else statements :
// using if statements .. var Car = function ( name ) { // if the name value is passed , // use it .. if ( name ) { this .
name = name // if not , use a generic name .. } else { this .
name = ' Generic Car ' ; } } ; new Car ( ' Kart ' ) . name ; // returns ' Kart ' new Car ( ) . name ; // returns ' Generic Car ' // using the || operator .. var Car = function ( name ) { // same as above , but cleaner .. this .
name = name || ' Generic Car ' ; } ; new Car ( ' Kart ' ) . name ; // returns ' Kart ' new Car ( ) . name ; // returns ' Generic Car '
The two snippets are essentially the same , but the second one is cleaner .
Another thing to note is the use of the ternary operator , which is like a compact if / else statement .
The same code above can be written in a ternary operator style , like so :
// using the ternary operator .. var Car = function ( name ) { this .
name = ( name ) ?
name : ' Generic Car ' ; } ; new Car ( ' Kart ' ) . name ; // returns ' Kart ' new Car ( ) . name ; // returns ' Generic Car '
It seems that all ’s well in the JavaScript world .
But wait –what about cases where some of the values passed are falsy ?
For example , you have a property in your Car class called automatic , which could either be true or false .
If the user does n’t pass a value , it should default to true .
Because false is a falsy value , using the || or the ternary operator wo n’t suffice :
// using the || operator .. var Car = function ( automatic ) { this .
automatic = automatic || true ; } ; new Car ( true ) .
automatic ; // returns true new Car ( false ) . automatic ; // returns true .. doh ! // using the ternary operator .. var Car = function ( automatic ) { this .
automatic = ( automatic ) ?
automatic : true ; } ; new Car ( true ) .
automatic ; // returns true new Car ( false ) . automatic ; // returns true .. double doh !
We have to remember that we ’re just dealing with simple rules here : if the user passes a value to automatic , we want our code to use the value ( whether it ’s true or false ) and if not , we want it to be true by default .
We remedy this by using the $ defined ( ) function .
It ’s a really simple function that checks whether a function ’s value is equal to undefined and returns false if it is not and true if it is .
This is useful for allowing the other falsy values in your code :
var Car = function ( automatic ) { this .
automatic = $ defined ( automatic ) ?
automatic : true ; } ; new Car ( true ) .
automatic ; // returns true new Car ( false ) . automatic ; // returns false .. hoorah !
You ’ll have to remember that $ defined ( ) actually checks whether the value is undefined , and will return true for all falsy values ( even false ) , except for undefined , null and NaN .
The second one is tricky because if you have var x = null and you do $ defined ( x ) , it will return false even if x is defined –because its value is null .
Is Null and NaN Undefined ?
Why does $ defined ( ) return false for null and NaN ?
Should n’t it only return false for undefined values ?
Well , it has something to do with the implementation code for $ defined ( ) , which actually uses != instead of !== .
Because of this , the value passed to the function is actually coerced .
Because false , 0 and " " are real native values ( albeit falsy ) , the != cannot coerce them into the undefined value ( which is a special defined value ) .
On the other hand , null is actually a keyword and NaN is a specially defined value , and they are coercible to the undefined value , which is what happens with != ( which does type coercion ) .
MooTools uses != here instead of the non-coercing !== because this utility function is more or less used in places where undefined , null and NaN are not accepted .
The function $ chk ( ) is used to allow for 0 .
Because 0 is a falsy value , using it with the || and ternary operator statements will also fail :
// using the || operator .. var Car = function ( miles ) { this .
miles = miles || 100 ; } ; new Car ( 120 ) . miles ; // returns 120 new Car ( 0 ) . miles ; // returns 100 .. bleh ! // using the ternary operator .. var Car = function ( miles ) { this .
miles = ( miles ) ?
miles : 100 ; } ; new Car ( 120 ) . miles ; // returns 120 new Car ( 0 ) . miles ; // returns 100 .. blaaargh !
So we use $ chk ( ) :
var Car = function ( miles ) { this .
miles = $ chk ( miles ) ?
miles : 100 ; } ; new Car ( 120 ) . miles ; // returns 120 new Car ( 0 ) . miles ; // returns 0 .. w00t !
You should only use $ chk where you want to allow 0 but not other falsy values .
Also , remember that the two functions discussed here return booleans , not the value itself ( do n’t worry , it ’s a common mistake ) .
Dancing With Data
Finally , we have the functions that can be used for working with data .
The first one is the $each function .
Again , you might be wondering why this function even exists –we already have Array .
forEach / each and you can always do a Hash . each for key - value pairs .
But you ’ll have to understand that $ each ( ) is iterator extreme .
It ’s not just for arrays and objects –you can use it for any iterable object .
Arrays , hashes , function arguments , collections –it works with them all :
// function arguments ( function ( ) { $ each ( arguments , function ( value , index ) { console .
log ( index + ': ' + value ) ; } ) ; } ) ( 'a ' , ' b ' , ' c ' , ' d ' , ' e ' ) ; // a dom collection .. var items = document .
getElementsByTagName ( ' div ' ) ; // items is not an Elements object , you can't do each .. items .
each ; // returns undefined // but you can use $ each $ each ( items , function ( div ) { console .
log ( div . innerHTML ) ; } ) ; // heck !
let 's throw in stylesheets !
var styles = document .
styleSheets ; // nekkid is fun .. $ each ( styles , function ( style ) { style .
disabled = true ; } ) ;
Actually , $ each ( ) is just a small wrapper for both Array . each and Hash . each – but hey , it ’s shorter !
The next function is called $ splat ( ) which I nominate as the most weirdly named function in MooTools .
This function takes any value and turns it into an array .
If it ’s already an array , it just returns the value .
Simple right ?
Useless ?
Of course not !
It ’s very useful in cases to simplify your code by making sure that you always have an array .
For instance , look at the following snippet :
var say = function ( message ) { if ( $ type ( message ) == ' array ' ) console .
log ( message .
join ( ' ' ) ) ; else console .
log ( message ) ; } ; say ( ' mark ' ) ; // logs ' mark ' say ( [ ' mark ' , ' haz ' , ' baconz ' ] ) // logs ' mark haz baconz '
For our say function above , we accept both a string value or an array of strings , which we then log .
Because we accept two kinds of values , we need to do a type check on what kind of argument our function received and then do whatever processing we have to do .
But would n’t it be easier if we did n’t have to do a type check ?
What if we just assume that it ’s an array in the first place ?
Well , we can do that –by using $ splat ( ) :
var say = function ( message ) { console .
log ( $ splat ( message ) . join ( ' ' ) ) ; } ; say ( ' mark ' ) ; // logs ' mark ' say ( [ ' mark ' , ' haz ' , ' baconz ' ] ) // logs ' mark haz baconz '
$ splat ( ) makes sure that you ’re always working with an array .
If you have a function where you ’d want to accept both a specific type or an array of that type , you can use $ splat ( ) to make sure that it ’s always an array .
Then , you can get rid of the type checking and type specific code for non-array values .
This is how the Implements mutator ( discussed here ) actually works –it can accept both a class or an array of classes and it does n’t care , because it splats them anyway .
Incomplete !
There are a few utility functions I did n’t include here , and that ’s because they ’re pretty self explanatory .
$ clear ( ) is a simple wrapper for clearTimeout and clearInterval for clearing timers ; $ pick ( ) is like $ try ( ) , but for returning the first value that ’s not undefined , null or NaN ; $ random ( ) returns a random value from an array and $ time ( ) returns the current timestamp .
And $ arguments ( ) –so weird yet so useless in most real life situations .
Pass it an index and it creates a function that returns the argument that corresponds to the original index .
Sorry , I ca n’t even think of a situation where I ’d use it .
To appease you though , here ’s some ascii art of a tiger cub : / ( " -/ " ) _.-'" ` -. . . ` ; -. )-;-, `) ( v , ) ' _ ) -. ` -' _.- ..-/ / ( (.' ( ( , .-' ((,/ /
A Moment for $
Sit down .
This might be shocking news for you , and I do n’t want to be the harbinger of bad news , but I have to tell you this : the $ utility functions are slated for removal from the next major version of MooTools Core .
Sad is n’t it ?
Well , not really .
While it is true that the dollar utility functions will probably be gone by the next major version of MooTools - Core , the good news is that they are n’t really going to be eradicated –just moved .
In keeping up with the philosophy of keeping code cleanliness , it ’s been decided to move the utility functions into their proper , corresponding objects for the next major version of MooTools .
The decision has already been made to move the functions , but until the final code is released , please do take this with a grain of salt .
How is it moved , you ask ?
Well , take for instance $ splat ( ) .
In the current code - base for the next major release , this function has been moved into the generic Array. from ( ) , which is agreeably more idiomatic and expressive than the old code .
$ extend ( ) and $ merge ( ) are now Object.append ( ) and Object.merge ( ) and $ try ( ) is more menacing than ever as Function. stab ( ) .
All other functions have been moved to their own objects , and new ones have been added as well .
So let ’s take a moment to remember $ for all the great things it has brought us .
Utilitarians Unite !
So that ’s it folks !
Another episode of Up The Moo Herd done !
Did you learn anything new ?
Or do you have something else to share ?
If you did and if you do , do n’t hesitate to post a comment below and share you ’re thoughts !
Do n’t forget to subscribe to the RSS feed and follow me on Twitter ( @keeto ) for updates on the next part of the series , where we will be taking a deeper dive into the DOM .
As we usher in the New Year the filthy rich are counting their blessings and must be very appreciative of the massive bailouts that protected their wealth .
The top one percent of this country control 42 percent of all financial wealth so it should n’t come as any surprise that most of the bailouts went to Wall Street and those that are tethered to it for income .
As the stock market continues to rally Americans collecting food stamps stands at the highest number ever at 37 million .
We also have 27 million Americans looking for work or are simply stringing a few hours together to keep some sort of paycheck coming in .
The vast majority of Americans are simply exhaling a sigh of relief that the 2000s are now a thing of the past .
Yet if something is n’t changed radically in our system we are bound to enter another financial shock in the near term .
First , the S&P 500 is down a stunning 24.1 percent since the start of the decade .
Yet Goldman Sachs managed to pull off almost an 80 percent gain during the same time :
So for the poor average American who simply dollar cost averaged into the stock market as every good corporatocracy banker would tell them , they would have fallen behind someone who simply dollar cost averaged into their mattress .
Yet if you happened to dump your money with the government sponsored and back stopped Goldman Sachs you would have done much better .
Ironically these bankers are the same people who created the financial instruments that sent our economy into a tailspin .
The average American is finally realizing that much of the corporate power in Washington is doing very little for them and doing more and more for Wall Street .
So the stock market over the decade brought negative returns to Americans .
How did the housing market do ?
The median U.S. home price in November of 1999 came in at $ 137,600 and ended November 2009 at $ 172,600 .
This 25 percent gain is wiped out once we factor in the Federal Reserve inflating away the U.S. Dollar .
Housing over the decade is actually down 3 percent .
This is where the largest store of the average American wealth is stashed and it went negative for the decade .
Yet somehow the ultra rich seemed to make out like bandits with all the bailouts even though are economy was still fizzling out from two mega bubbles .
There is a reason they call it a golden parachute .
Let us recap .
The stock market brought negative returns both nominally and in real terms for the decade and housing is actually down in real terms .
So how did Americans do over the decade in the employment front ?
The unemployment rate is the highest it has been since the early 1980s .
If we look at the employment population ratio we will see that our economy is still trending to the downside .
Yet the corporatocracy is happy to feed the propaganda line that the average American is better off .
Really ?
How so ?
Once the bubble decade wealth imploded the typical American is now in a worse position .
The national debt also exploded during this decade .
So housing values cratered , the stock market is still massively down , and employment is still in shambles .
Yet we are to believe things are just fine .
People are now finally waking up to the reality that the current system is designed to rip them off and steal from them at every point in the road .
Take credit cards and bailouts for example .
Some credit card companies are hiking fees up on customers before new regulations hit this year .
These are the same companies that benefitted handsomely from the corporatocracy bailouts .
This money came from the average American yet they are sticking it to them each and every other way .
For example , last month I was stuck by a “ savings withdrawal fee ” from Chase .
I never saw this before .
So I called up the bank and asked them what this was .
It amounted to a $ 12 fee for each transaction .
As it turns out , the wonderful Federal Reserve through Regulation D yanks money out for people making more than 6 ACH transfers per month from savings accounts .
So if you wanted to move your money from say your toxic too big to fail bank to say a local community bank , make sure you do n’t do more than 6 transfers for the month or you are going to be hit with a $ 12 fee for this .
Insane policies like this make me realize that something is going to give in this decade .
But over the decade our U.S. dollar must have gone up right ?
Let us take a look :
The U.S. dollar is down 23.5 percent for the decade .
So if any of you actually left the country and spent abroad you would quickly realize how weak the dollar has gotten .
This has to do with the massive government spending over the decade .
Over the holiday Congress voted to up the debt ceiling since we are breaking through every imaginable barrier possible .
Take a look at this below chart :
We went from $ 5.7 trillion to over $ 12 trillion in Federal government public debt in 10 years .
And what did we really get ?
We just went through countless data points and where are we better off ?
The reality is the money is being dumped into the vortex of the banking and corporate interest that run this country .
It is amazing that even with unemployment claims the media is championing this as a good sign yet they do n’t even bother to look at emergency unemployment claims that are flying off the chart !
That is , they are focusing once again on the wrong data .
So it is going to be a challenging decade for average Americans .
The economy flew off the cliff and instead of reforming the system things are back to normal and the corporatocracy keeps on stealing from the population .
The mega wealthy are doing fine and the gap between rich and poor is the largest it has been since the Great Depression .
Welcome to the new gilded age .
Our lost decade is now in the bag .
Are we up for another one ?
Let us hope not .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Multitasking makes you stupid
Juggling multiple mental tasks simultaneously does make you less effective at any of those particular tasks than if you were focusing on them exclusively , but it does not make you stupid .
Multitasking actually increases long - term intelligence by encouraging your brain to grow connections ( literally extending dendrites ) to further reaches of the brain , because by doing multiple unrelated things at once , your brain will search for hidden relationships .
It 'll find them and record them as new connections in its structure .
People who shift from a " single tasking " lifestyle to a multitasking lifestyle also display an ability to adapt to the new pace .
Even well into senior adulthood , the brain retains a great deal of plasticity , enough to learn a new way of working .
It 's better to be a super - expert in just one thing
If you became a super - expert -- someone who learns all there is to know about one subject until they are the most knowledgeable in the world -- you may find yourself in the paradoxical situation of knowing less about your chosen subject than someone who dabbles in a bit of everything and specializes to a moderate degree in a handfull of key subjects .
The reason is that knowledge does not really form categories naturally , we just apply them ourselves in arbitrary ways .
Schools are often our first exposure to the idea of breaking up the world into separate disciplines like science , math , history , literature , and so - on .
As a result , it 's not unusual for an adult to see the world in terms of even more discrete subjects .
Step into a library and you 'll see the world 's knowledge neatly divided by the Dewey Decimal system .
Knowledge is broken down into subjects to make it easier to find information , not because the world is that way .
A cardiologist could learn everything there is to know about the heart , but his rate of learning would slow down until he began studying the nervous system , the digestive system , immune system and so - on , which all affect the health and operation of the heart too .
Then there 's still more to learn about the heart outside the body , such as economics ( which affect access to heart - healthy food ) , social behavior ( that could lead to , or help prevent substance abuse ) , mathematics ( to spot patterns in heart activity over time ) , and the list goes on .
Furthermore , broad knowledge of many subjects leads to understanding , because there is literally nothing that exists in a vacuum , and everything can be defined in the ways that it relates to something else .
The more " something else " you know , the easier it is to understand the next factoid 's place and purpose in the world .
You only use 10 % of your brain
This myth was born from early scans of brain activity that revealed an average of 10 % of the brain was being used at any particular time .
Not only were the scans failing to register all of the activity going on , but the myth itself misreports what the findings were .
It 's not as if only 10 % of our brain is " alive " and the rest is pudding , what 's really going on is that your brain is switching between different specialized regions for each new task you face .
Your brain is an assembly of neuronal structures that specialize in kinds of tasks , such as reading , speaking , seeing shapes , seeing colors , remembering , solving problems , and so - on .
What you 're doing at any particular time will stress more of one than the others .
When seen under an fMRI , large parts of the brain appear " dark " while others are active .
Change the task that the person is doing , and a different set of regions light up .
Spread over the course of a few minutes in a typical day , you 'll utilize 100 % of your brain .
Intelligence is all about genetics /
Intelligence is all about environment / Intelligence is all about practice
Intelligence is about all three .
Your genes matter because they sketch the structures that your body will try to grow .
Environment matters because it can provide the materials for that growth and the conditions that let the growth happen .
Practice matters because the final shape of those structures is not completely defined by your genes .
As a related example , take the ball - joints of your knees and hips .
Their round shape is not encoded anywhere in your genes , in fact if an embryo is immobilized during development those joints will grow into each other and fuse .
It 's only because a baby " kicks " inside the womb that the bones have a chance to rub against each other and form the shapes they do .
What the genes do is set up the tendency for the bones to grow in a certain direction and give way to certain pressures , the mother 's diet will provide adequate materials for those bones to be made strong , and the " practice " the baby does cinches the final shape .
The same is true of the brain .
Without proper diet and metal exercise , it wo n't grow to the potential suggested by your genes .
This also means that a superiority in one area will produce someone who 's smarter than others , all else being equal .
Evolution is constantly trying out new genes , some of which may lead to a brain that grows a better structure , or a heart that supplies it with more oxygen , or an immune system that 's better at destroying diseases that attack the brain .
Someone might have a better diet than you , exercise more , and avoid activities that lead to brain trauma .
And someone may study harder than you , practice math more than you , and so - on .
There can be such a thing as being " born at the right time " or " born in the right place " ; somebody who 's genetics make them a better fit for the kind of environment they 're born into .
People with a genetic disposition to managing distractions can find that today 's Internet saturated environment suits their style of practice better than someone who 's intellect shines only when given long periods of sustained concentration .
If you think your environment does n't suit you , then you 're obliged to change it or move somewhere else .
But no mater what you feel , exercise and nutrition should be an ongoing and active concern .
Pills will make me smarter
Nootropics combined with study and mental exercise may make you smarter , but the pills alone do n't do squat .
Popping back a gram of Piracetam and vegging - out in front of the TV will enhance your TV - watching brain cells , and do nothing for you elsewhere .
You 'll still be dumb as a rock and maybe a bit better at remembering what goes on in soap operas .
Think of what protein supplements do for a couch potato versus what they do for someone who works out .
You can drink all the whey protein and munch all the beef jerky you like , but you wo n't get stronger muscles unless you combine that high - protein diet with regular weightlifting .
If you want to take the risks and experiment with " smart pills " , do it as part of a study regimen .
Arnold Kim quit his job treating kidneys to dissect the secrets of his favorite electronics company , the famously confidential Apple .
Kim launched his independent blog MacRumors.com on Feb. 24 , 2000 during his fourth year in medical school .
His Apple enthusiasm eventually outweighed his passion for nephrology .
" The medicine stuff , even as much as you enjoy the job , it 's a lot of stress , a lot of responsibility and certainly is n't what I would choose to do on my free time , " said Kim , now 35 .
" MacRumors was my fun time , my vacation from work , and eventually [ when it made enough money ] , it eliminated the financial obligation of working . "
As the creator and lead writer of MacRumors.com , which celebrates its 10 - year anniversary on Wednesday , Kim takes a scientific approach to analyzing and reporting Apple rumors .
Every day , he filters out bogus news tips in search of seemingly truthful gems while sniffing up clues hinting at Apple 's future plans .
With the help of a catchy domain name , a solid track record and clever sleuthing , the soft - spoken blogger now owns an empire built out of whispers , attracting an average of 7 million unique visitors a month – one of the highest - traffic Apple - centric blogs to date .
Also advantageous for MacRumors ' traffic , of course , is the site 's focus on a company that operates on a level of secrecy comparable to the CIA .
Apple takes extreme measures to prevent leaks for the purpose of generating maximum buzz and excitement about new products prior to their official unveiling .
At Apple headquarters , the company reportedly spreads disinformation to its own employees about product plans to track down leakers .
Former employees have said workers in product - testing rooms have had to cover up gadgets they 're working on with black cloaks and flip on a red warning switch when they were unmasked to tell everyone to be extra careful .
Apple has also in some instances taken action against the press , filing cease - and - desist letters demanding removal of leaked information .
For example , Apple in 2005 sued Nick Ciarelli , independent owner of the Apple rumor blog Think Secret , alleging violation of trade secret law by encouraging and inducing people to provide product information in breach of agreements .
Three years later , Ciarelli reached a settlement with Apple , in which no sources were revealed and Think Secret ceased publishing .
More shielded from Apple 's legal sharks , MacRumors operates as an aggregator of rumors from other websites and message boards rather than posting exclusive leaks from loose - lipped employees .
( Though there was a time several years ago when Apple accidentally posted details about a Power Mac G5 , which Kim screengrabbed and published .
Apple 's legal team phoned Kim , and he complied to a takedown request — but by that time , the news had already spread . )
Because tech gossip is hardly scarce , the credibility of a rumor rests almost entirely on the writer 's reputation or his publication 's prestige .
So rather than post every piece of gossip that appears on the web , Kim said he carefully scrutinizes every source , assessing their track records and the plausibility of the rumor in relation to Apple 's past moves and overall history .
He also relies on the genius of the crowd , scanning through tips and observations from MacRumors readers in message boards .
" When I look at MacRumors , what I like about it is that it's a community , " said Leander Kahney , owner of the independent Apple fan blog Cult of Mac and former news editor of Wired.com .
" It 's basically a gigantic forum , and Arn 's done a great job at building this great community of people who are really keen to find out what Apple 's up to and devour the rumors . "
MacRumors is one of a plethora of blogs regularly posting gadget - related rumors .
Tech rumors often come in the form of pure hearsay , leaked product literature or observational tips from gadget freaks .
Reporters are often tipped off by loose - lipped employees who are under non-disclosure agreements , which requires them to anonymize their sources .
Why read rumors ?
They help the average gadget shopper to avoid buyer 's remorse – when credible , rumors help you know when , and when not , to buy a product .
If an upgrade for a gadget is likely due out in a few weeks , you probably do n't want to buy the current version today .
Rumors also help analysts and journalists keep their fingers on the pulse of a company , to anticipate its future moves and direction .
" We take rumors seriously , " Kim said .
" In med school , medicine requires a very scientific approach that 's evidence - based .
You want to have studies and prove treatments before you invest tons of money into it ....
Similarly , with MacRumors stuff , you have to prove to me you 're a reliable source .
I 'd like to think that people appreciate that sort of approach . "
Other than relying on message boards and tips , Kim juggles a few tricks of the trade to sleuth for Apple news nuggets .
One of Kim 's favorite recent scoops was related to the Apple tablet 's name .
Prior to the iPad 's announcement , Kim discovered evidence that " iSlate " was a potential candidate for the tablet 's name : Apple had purchased the domain name iSlate.com , according to its registrant history .
Later , a digital trail revealed Apple had also filed for the iSlate trademark through the United States Patent and Trademark Office .
Then Kim received a tip that iPad would be the name of Apple 's tablet .
He found evidence that Apple had filed for the iPad trademark in Europe , Hong Kong , New Zealand and Australia .
Still , Kim crossed his fingers that iSlate would be the name , based on his personal preference .
But Apple went with iPad .
( That 's too bad , too , because after the iSlate rumor spread , Dell and Microsoft branded their tablets " slates . " )
Nonetheless , the process of tracking trademark filings and domain registrations revealed some fascinating insights into how Apple shrouds its products with secrecy .
Trademark histories , for instance , reveal that Apple sets up dummy corporations to avoid giving away its plans .
For the iPad , Apple employed Corporate Trust , an agency that assists corporations in expediting legal services and other requests , to create a client called " Slate Computing , " a name Apple used to stealthily file for the tablet 's trademarks .
The giveaway clue that Slate Computing was Apple ?
The trademark filing was signed by Regina Porter , Apple 's senior trademark specialist .
Even though Apple has grown in popularity and works with multiple partners , including publishers , carriers and software developers , the company is still masterful at keeping secrets , Kim said .
Apple traditionally prevents partners from obtaining early knowledge of its products , he explained .
For example , Apple inked its deal with AT&T to carry the iPhone without showing the device to the telecom company .
" They 've gotten a lot tighter in terms of their hardware , " Kim said .
" They insulate their development teams a lot better , and they still shield their partners from the hardware . "
Kim , who lives in Virginia with his wife and two children , plans to launch a redesign of MacRumors soon to celebrate the site 's 10th anniversary .
An anonymous tipster provided Wired.com with a leaked mockup of the redesign ( below ) .
See Also :
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
WASHINGTON , D.C. -- President Barack Obama presented the Oberlin Conservatory of Music with the 2009 National Medal of Arts at the White House on Thursday .
David H. Stull , Dean of the Conservatory at Oberlin , accepted the award in the East Room .
" The Conservatory of Oberlin 's recognition by President Obama with the highest award in the nation is very important , " Stull said in a telephone interview .
" It was a privilege to accept the award , but I accepted it on behalf of all of our staff , faculty and alumni , past and present . "
Created in 1984 , the National Medal of Arts is the highest award given by the U.S. government to individuals and organizations that encourage the arts .
Many of the conservatory 's graduates and staff have won several awards ranging from the Grammys to international competitions .
The Oberlin Conservatory of Music is the only professional music school to be honored this year .
Others honored Thursday include actor / director Clint Eastwood ; soprano Jessye Norman ; singer / songwriter Bob Dylan ; graphic designer Milton Glaser ; architect / sculptor Maya Lin , singer / dancer / actress Rita Moreno ; and the School of American Ballet .
Oberlin College will also be celebrating April 30 and May 1 the opening of the Litoff Building .
Attending will be Stevie Wonder and Bill Cosby .
Three Alligator Artists Receive Four 2020 Blues Blast Awards Read More
Singer Shemekia Copeland Releases New Album , UNCIVIL WAR , On October 23 Read More
Five Alligator Artists Receive 10 Living Blues Awards Read More
Elvin Bishop & Charlie Musselwhite -- New Album 100 YEARS OF BLUES -- Coming Sept 25 Read More
2020 BLUES – NEW MUSIC FROM ALLIGATOR RECORDS Set for August 21 Release Read More
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 January 9
Andromeda Island Universe
Credit & Copyright : Martin Pugh
Explanation :
The most distant object easily visible to the eye is M31 , the great Andromeda Galaxy some two and a half million light - years away .
But without a telescope , even this immense spiral galaxy - spanning over 200,000 light years - appears as a faint , nebulous cloud in the constellation Andromeda .
In contrast , details of a bright yellow nucleus and dark winding dust lanes , are revealed in this digital telescopic image .
Narrow band image data recording emission from hydrogen atoms , shows off the reddish star - forming regions dotting gorgeous blue spiral arms and young star clusters .
While even casual skygazers are now inspired by the knowledge that there are many distant galaxies like M31 , astronomers seriously debated this fundamental concept in the 20th century .
Were these " spiral nebulae " simply outlying components of our own Milky Way Galaxy or were they instead " island universes " -- distant systems of stars comparable to the Milky Way itself ?
This question was central to the famous Shapley - Curtis debate of 1920 , which was later resolved by observations of M31 in favor of Andromeda , island universe .
The year 2009 was not a good one for the climate .
There are hopes that 2010 will be better .
Here , the village of Dervani in Greece , one of many that could be threatened by rising ocean levels should global warming not be curbed .
Foto : Orestis Panagiotou / dpa
LOS ANGELES — On Nov. 26 in his final report to the International Atomic Energy Agency 's Board of Governors before retiring after a long distinguished career , Director General Mohamed ElBaradei dared to utter what no other senior public figure would about Iran 's nuclear portfolio :
“ We have effectively reached a dead end . "
Coming from the individual who has done the most to coax Tehran away from developing a nuclear weapons breakout capacity , the statement proved to be stark acknowledgement that diplomacy has failed .
ElBaradei ’s remarks come at a time when the nuclear nonproliferation regime finds itself in increasing distress from multiple quarters , not just Iran .
North Korea , now a former NPT party , continues to produce nuclear weapons material .
Syria persists in ignoring IAEA requests to come clean about its suspect nuclear activities .
The agency 's effort to get members to sign and ratify the Additional Protocol — the means that would allow nuclear inspectors expanded access to suspect activities — has failed to attract many .
And the September 2009 Security Council summit to promote nonproliferation provided little new to materially buttress the objective .
Given the grave risks that nuclear weapons pose , what explains the unwillingness of the international community to implement more effective instruments to combat proliferation ?
One answer comes from the NPT itself :
The enforcement mechanism clearly is not up to the task .
But there remains a deeper problem , the apparent belief by some critical countries that we can live in a nuclear weapons expanding world with little risk .
Article III , the NPT ’s compliance mechanism , illustrates the first problem .
It is not an enforcement device .
It is a fire alarm of sorts without the means to douse the flames .
In the treaty ’s language , non-nuclear weapons parties accept IAEA safeguards “ with a view to prevent diversion of nuclear energy for peaceful uses to nuclear weapons … ” Safeguards — cameras , seals , access to operating records and inspections monitoring sensitive material — provide the alarm .
And then what ?
Once the sirens go off , agency staff attempt to gain access to suspect sites , documents and personnel .
They issue findings .
The director general then calls upon the nuclear violator to provide more transparency and reverse violations subject to new safeguards .
He gets the endorsement of the Board of Governors .
The process repeats and repeats again in order to cajole , and , absent progress , IAEA refers the matter to the U.N. Security Council for action .
The plan has a certain logic .
The council , not IAEA , has the authority to combat threats to peace and security .
But repeatedly the organ has turned out to be a paper tiger .
Its protocol to address nuclear cheaters — condemnatory resolutions , often unenforced compliance timelines and weak economic sanctions — has failed to move violators for any sustained duration .
Never has the Council put itself behind initiatives that inflict sufficient pain through total commercial and political isolation , military blockade and armed action to promote unfettered compliance .
The failure reflects not only political divisions among Council members but different sensitivities toward proliferation .
China , for one , appears almost blase about weapons spread , which is surprising considering it faces more nuclear armed states on its borders — Pakistan , India , Russia , North Korea and U.S. nuclear forces offshore — than any other country .
Apparently Beijing has learned to live with the bomb held by potential adversaries .
By contrast the United States finds itself on the other end of the spectrum pushing hard for nonproliferation despite the absence of any neighbor with nuclear weapons .
In the middle Britain and France share America ’s views but not its urgency .
Then there remains Russia which , at best , is lukewarm about spending too much political capital on nonproliferation .
The result sends the message to nuclear violators : play off differences within the council and buy time to get the bomb .
The history of the nuclear era adds to the ability of cheaters to get their way .
Had the past 60 - plus years since the atomic bombings of Japan witnessed a repeat , anxiety over yet more war time detonations no doubt would have spurred dramatic action to enforce nonproliferation .
But history , fortunately , did not go in that direction .
Remarkably , nuclear - armed states repeatedly accepted military defeat rather than use their arsenals .
America 's experience in Southeast Asia , the Soviet debacle in Afghanistan and China ’s retreat from Vietnam provide but three examples .
The result , the “ dead end ” nonproliferation diplomacy about which Mohamed ElBaradei laments , arguably may not be so bad after all .
But that remains only a bet we will have to endure given the absence of practical options .
Bennett Ramberg served in the Bureau of Politco - Military Affairs in the George H.W. Bush Administration .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Elizabeth Wurtzel writes about recruiting at the top drawer law firm Cravath , Swaine & Moore :
The class of associates that just joined Cravath was asked to defer their arrival for a year in exchange for a sweet deal :
They would receive $ 80,000 to not work , plus they would get benefits and student - loan payments .
This offer was optional .
…. I ’ve been told that none of the graduates of Yale Law School who were headed for Cravath accepted their offer of $ 80,000 to surf and sunbathe , or go forth and save the world .
Since no one at either institution is willing to discuss this — and I do n’t blame them , because I would be embarrassed too — I do n’t know this for certain .
But here ’s what I ’m sure of :
Not everybody took Cravath up on this peachy keen opportunity to do anything for a year with pay and benefits .
And that by itself is disturbing enough .
Felix Salmon says this piece has been gnawing at him all day .
“ What on earth would possess a law student fresh out of Yale Law to decline this offer ? ” he wonders .
My guess is that Wurtzel answers the question here :
Those who will be joining the firm next year are slightly , but only by a smidge , less lucky :
They get $ 65,000 to put off employment for a year , with the same perquisites , and acceptance is mandatory .
Law students who get offers to join Cravath tend to be super ambitious Type A folks , and that ’s a big part of why they want to get their careers started right away .
But surely fear is the biggest reason for turning down this offer , is n’t it ?
Fear # 1 : this is just a test .
Anyone who takes them up on it will be tagged forever as a slacker .
Who wants that ?
Fear # 2 : if the economy is still bad a year from now — and apparently Cravath has already decided that it will be — will Cravath keep paying me not to work ?
Along with yet another class they want to keep on the hook ?
And after two or three years of this , what then ?
My skills are rusty , my classmates have two or three years of valuable experience and professional networking , and Cravath will toss me aside .
What happens after that ?
Will some other top firm take a flyer on someone who ’s spent the past few years watching reruns of The Wire or lying on the beach ?
I ’m not nearly the workaholic that a top
Yale law student is , but I would n’t touch this offer with a bargepole .
I ’d get my suits pressed , shine my shoes , and show up to work .
When times are tough , who would n’t ?
In the week of the birthday anniversary of John Lennon , our program examines the concept of “ Imagine no religion " from several angles .
Freethought Radio features Congress ’ lone “ out ” nonbeliever — U.S. Rep. Jared Huffman , in a fascinating interview in which he talks about being an ex-Mormon , the inside story on congressional issues regarding separation of state and church , and why he founded the Congressional Freethought Caucus .
The show also examines new developments in the rise of Hindu nationalism in India , during this birth week of Gandhi .
FFRF Director of Communications Amit Pal , an expert on the phenomenon , is interviewed briefly by solo host Annie Laurie Gaylor .
In the news segment , Freethought Radio excerpts TV news coverage of several major FFRF victories and recounts FFRF ’s newest national complaint over the judge in the Amber Guyger trial forcing a bible on her and instructing which passages to read .
We play a poignant version of “ Imagine , ” arranged by Native American composer Brent Michael Davids on flute , with Lenape tribe member and absentee host Dan Barker accompanying on piano .
The show contains passages of music not only by Lennon , but by nonreligious classical composer Guiseppe Verdi , also born this week in history .
Listen to the podcast here .
/*
Takes the Analog value from a potentiometer and writes it on the screen in percentage
The circuit :
* LCD RS pin to digital pin 12
* LCD Enable pin to digital pin 11
* LCD D4 pin to digital pin 5
* LCD D5 pin to digital pin 4
* LCD D6 pin to digital pin 3
* LCD D7 pin to digital pin 2
* LCD VEE pin to ground
* 10 K resistor :
* ends to +5V and ground
* wiper to Analog pin 2
*/
// use the LiquidCrystal header
#include < LiquidCrystal .h >
// initialize the library with the numbers of the interface pins
LiquidCrystal lcd ( 12 , 11 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 ) ;
int sensorPin = 2 ; // select the input pin for the potentiometer
int sensorValue = 0 ; // variable to store the value coming from the sensor
void setup ( ) {
lcd. begin ( 16 , 2 ) ;
}
void loop ( ) {
lcd . setCursor ( 0 , 0 ) ;
lcd. print ( " Pot. Value : " ) ;
// percent symbol
lcd . setCursor ( 3 , 1 ) ;
lcd. print ( " % " ) ;
// read the value from the sensor :
lcd . setCursor ( 0 , 1 ) ;
sensorValue = analogRead ( sensorPin ) ;
// this converts the 0 - 1023 value to 0 - 100
sensorValue = map ( sensorValue , 0 , 1023 , 0 , 100 ) ;
// print the sensor value in % to the lcd
lcd. print ( sensorValue ) ;
// stop the program for .5 second
delay ( 30 ) ;
// clear screen for the next loop :
lcd. clear ( ) ;
As for why the financial system and the economy imploded , President Bush and Congress deserve much of the blame for their devotion to debt - driven growth and blind deregulatory zeal  although on deregulation , President Clinton and his team ( some of whom are back in the White House ) were also complicit .
Were it not for those multiple calamities , budget deficits today would be negligible .
That does not mean we would be off the hook .
An aging population and relentlessly rising health care costs will hit the country with even deeper deficits as the baby boomers retire .
Politicians need to pass health care reform now and start thinking seriously about Social Security and tax reform .
So what are the immediate fiscal lessons here ?
The first lesson is that spending without taxing is a recipe for huge deficits , and that running big deficits when the economy is expanding only sets the country up for bigger deficits when the economy contracts .
The second lesson is that once a deep recession takes hold , slashing government spending is not going to solve the problem .
It will only make it worse .
WHAT CAN BE DONE NOW ?
Here is an unpopular but undeniable fact of life :
When private sector demand is weak , the federal government must serve as the spender of last resort .
Otherwise , collapsing demand sets in motion a negative , self - reinforcing spiral in which lack of demand  for goods , services and new employees  leads to ever deepening economic weakness .
That is why when the banks and the economy began to crumble in 2008 , President Bush responded with a $ 700 billion bank bailout and a $ 168 billion stimulus package .
When Mr. Obama took office , the banks were still shaky and the economy was still plunging  as measured by real - life indicators like jobs , consumer spending , credit availability , home equity , retirement savings and business confidence .
The new administration made the sound decision to continue the bailout and pushed a $ 787 billion stimulus through Congress , with very little Republican help .
The stimulus package slowed job losses and helped spur activity  in the third quarter of 2009 , the economy grew at an annual rate of 2.2 percent , and the initial fourth - quarter reading was 5.7 percent , a rebound few thought possible a year ago .
Still , without a jobs revival to boost consumer spending and tax revenues  and with the states facing immense budget shortfalls  the economy is unlikely to do anything other than limp along , at best , once the effects of the stimulus fade this year .
Vancouver : Mutton Dressed as Lamb
We all knew it weeks before the game started , with accusations about doping being levelled at Russian athletes , and we all saw it on day one of the games , with the death of a Georgian athlete on a corner which miraculously was elevated the following day .
Vancouver is not fit to hold the Winter Olympics .
Vancouver : Mutton Dressed as Lamb
Far from being a question of sour grapes , Russian commentators were already expressing their reservations as to the integrity of the Vancouver Lobby being able to host the Olympic Games weeks before the start .
After all the IOC was starting to fire off in all directions before the first aircraft arrived .
We already have the case of a Russian skier being hounded to produce a urine sample after qualifying for a race , and if she had given the sample , she would not have had the possibility of entering the following round .
Natalya Korosteleva was asked to provide a urine sample during a half - hour pause between the quarter - finals and semi-finals of a skiing event .
“ This seems against all the rules , ” she stated , as she refused to have the sample taken , alleging that if she did , she would not have had time to continue in the next phase .
Why her ?
We all know Canada has problems with the future lines drawn on Arctic maps and we all know Canada lives in the shadow of its larger neighbour to the south .
The abject cruelty shown by Canadian soldiers in international conflicts is scantily referred to , as indeed is the utter incapacity of this county to host a major international event , due to its inferiority complex , born of a trauma being the skinny and weakling bro to a beefy United States and a colonial outpost to the United Kingdom , whose Queen smiles happily from Canadian postage stamps .
Maybe it is this which makes the Canadians so…retentive , or cowardly .
So it is not exactly a huge surprise to have international skating experts from the four corners of the Earth criticising the decision to award the Men ’s figure skating Gold medal to the US athlete Evan Lysacekv over the reigning Olympic Champion Evgeny Plushenko , whose superior performance was inexplicably ignored .
As Plushenko explains , “ I did a great short program but did not get the marks I deserved .
When I asked why , they told me I was skating early and they had to retain top marks for the last group …
Then in the free program , I was the last to skate , did everything clean and still did n’t get the marks ” .
Everybody who knows anything about Olympic skating , Winter Olympic sports and international politics will infer from the pitiful and dangerous conditions provided by the Canadian authorities , which already caused one death , that Vancouver is mutton dressed as lamb .
Take off the outer veneer and the stench is horrific .
It is a surprise that any Russian athlete would wish to remain in that sort of environment for a second longer .
Timothy BANCROFT -HINCHEY
PRAVDA .
Ru
Russia Today : Cheer Canada , Cry Russia !
Sloth and entitlement are usually fatal flaws in politics and activism , and at least one recent harsh blogosphere attack against the established players of Feminism™ was penned in an effort to shake them out of their old ways .
These organizations do have a function and I 'm not advocating that they need to be dismantled , but they do need to step into the times and embrace new realities .
The true tragedy is that there are any number of highly qualified women who could be enlisted for the cause and be convinced to run for any number of high elective offices .
Instead , someone decides to earmark and denote a particular legislative office for a Female™ and then feels obligated to advance a candidate with the highest possible degree of name - recognition , regardless of whether she is a good fit for the office .
In addition to being bad policy , this is tokenism writ large .
Tokenism has never truly advanced anyone 's noble imperative .
What it has done is appease someone 's guilt and in so doing serve as a temporary concession rather than a desire to completely integrate women actively into the political process .
If we were really committed to the idea of equality , then such decisions would be a matter of course , not a conscious effort towards appeasement .
In this same regard , a prior school of political theory and general leadership philosophy believed that in order to be taken seriously and to survive in a man 's world , women in positions of authority ought to strive to be as tough and as masculine as their male counterparts .
In effect , as the theory goes , they ought to adopt the pose and guise of a man for fear of seeming weak or being summarily discounted as ineffectual and ineffective as a leader .
One would think that thirty or forty years of this would have given us the ability to recognize that sexist and misogynistic attacks come from everywhere , at any time , for any reason .
Women who make no apology for " encroaching " into traditionally male spaces will find themselves insulted for any reason at all , really .
For example , in the past few days , Coakley has found herself the target of a bizarre remark implying that someone ought to sodomize her with an electrical appliance .
One can't get away from the offensive voices , unfortunately , but one can advance the authenticity of self as an excellent counter - weight to push back against the name - callers and childish smears .
I still recall how Hillary Clinton shed tears at a campaign stop shortly before the New Hampshire primary , showing not just a very human , vulnerable side , but also a very feminine side as well .
In so doing , she transformed what was expected to be a sound drubbing into an improbable win that gave her campaign new life .
Women voters related heavily with the gesture and cast their ballots accordingly ; I 'm not entirely dissuaded from the notion that some men might have been taken aback in a good way , recognizing that there was more to the candidate the icy , calculating stereotype that made her seem supremely unlikeable and at times threatening to the male voter .
If we are ever to live in a world where the content of our character is more important than both the color of our skin and our reproductive organs , we will reach the point that no one ever feels the compulsion to pass , assimilate , or modify one 's authentic self to seem more fitting to majority norms .
Humanity and with it authenticity is what voters crave more than anything .
Policy wonkery and strategy are lost on the average voter who seeks to identify himself or herself personally with the latest slate of candidates for elective office .
When we can see ourselves clearly in those who run , then we are compelled to pull a lever for them on Election Day .
I voted , in part , for Barack Obama because I saw parallels between his life story and my own .
In particular , the description of his mother closely mirrors my own --- a woman passionately devoted to a cause beyond herself who sought to see the world through an optimistic lens , even though many criticized her desire as foolish and a trifle naïve .
Others saw their own dreams mirrored in his rhetoric and the possibility of what he represented .
Though a year later reality has set in and we are far less enthralled with the President then we were then , we continue to find his policies more objectionable than who he is as a person .
Personality has limitations , but it can go a long way .
A politician who is disliked as a person must rely on the political atmosphere around him or her , and sometimes only maintains power when his or her opposition is reviled even more .
Competence goes a long way , too , and I know that , speaking from a strictly women 's rights perspective , we can't expect to not have reproductive rights compromised for the sake of passing a massive reform act if we are unable to break free from the scourge of tokenism .
Victories are won with a collection of smaller successes that , linked together , move closer towards ultimate triumph .
An occasional arm - twist , guilt - trip or , worse yet , established tradition of being granted an occasional " favor " in exchange for unwavering support are not going to get us where we need to be .
No one would ever confuse that for complete integration and total parity .
We should know instinctively what it will take to get there , but the question remains if we are willing to do the hard work on the ground to actualize it .
The ivory tower might be cushy and familiar , but it is a universe in and of itself , one wholly removed from any semblance of the actual lives of working people .
We have in front of us an opportunity to learn from what will be a debacle whether victory is won or lost .
Let 's not ignore it .
A Newark resident who was born male but lives as a female has filed a lawsuit against the city , claiming she was harassed and verbally abused by police because of her sexual identity .
The American Civil Liberties Union filed the lawsuit on behalf of Diana Taylor , who was born Christopher Moore .
Taylor claims two Newark police officers stopped her on March 23 , 2009 , and took her into custody for no reason while verbally abusing her .
The lawsuit said the officers shoved her against a fence , cuffed her roughly and detained her unfairly .
In a news conference today , Diana said one cop told her he did n't want to touch her " because I might have AIDS . "
She said when she was initially stopped and asked to hand over her identification , one of the officer 's yelled to the other " it 's a man .
You were right .
I owe you $ 10 ! "
He said the officers began calling her a string of discriminatory names including " chick with a d---- , " and " f-----. "
" It just went on and on , seemingly forever , " she explained .
Taylor said she threatened to call a lawyer and was eventually taken into the precinct where other officers continued a similar verbal assault .
Taylor alleges she was taken from the precinct in handcuffs and officers threatened her with " gang violence " if she pursued a complaint against the department .
She accused the lieutenant of not listening to her complaints , allegedly telling her " they [ the officers ] were just busting your chops . "
An ACLU lawyer said Diana Taylor was detained and treated " abusively " by the Newark police as " retaliation for asserting her legal rights when they stopped her . "
" She had the backbone to stand up to them , " the attorney said .
The suit contends Taylor was charged with littering and disorderly conduct but those charges only came about after she had filed a complaint against the department .
Those charges were later dismissed .
The Newark police have not yet commented on the lawsuit .
One of the scientists at the centre of the ' climategate ' email scandal has been cleared of any wrongdoing , and had allegations of manipulating and hiding data dismissed .
Pennsylvania State University conducted an inquiry into Dr Michael Mann , a climatologist working for their Department of Meteorology , after a series of emails were leaked as proof scientists were manipulating data to push the case of human induced climate change .
Dr Mann was cleared of all allegations of misconduct , with one caveat .
In relation to the allegation of deviating from accepted practices , while there was no evidence of his work falling outside of accepted scientific practice , the public nature of the leak and fears it may undermine trust in science mean further investigation was needed .
The University looked through all of Dr Mann 's email correspondences relevant to their inquiry in making its findings .
Central to the claims Dr Mann manipulated and withheld data was the use of the word ' trick ' in an email exchange discussing a graph to be presented in a World Meteorological Organisation ( WMO ) report .
In the inquiry the University found the contrary to claims of falsification , the scientists involved were merely trying to explain data .
" In fact to the contrary , in instances that have been focused upon by some as indicating falsification of data , for example in the use of a ' trick ' to manipulate the data , this is explained as a discussion among Dr Jones and others including Dr Mann about how best to put together a graph for a World Meteorological Organisation ( WMO ) report , " the inquiry said .
" They were not falsifying data ; they were trying to construct an understandable graph for those who were not experts in the field .
" The so - called ' trick ' was nothing more than a statistical method used to bring two or more different kinds of data sets together in a legitimate fashion by a technique that has been reviewed by a broad array of peers in the field . "
Professor Roger Jones for , Victoria Uni's Centre for Strategic Economic Studies says the report clears Dr Mann of any wrongdoing .
" Essentially what it shows is that there was no material evidence that Michael Mann had actually done any of those things , which was suppressing for falsifying data , deleting or concealing emails , and the misuse of privileged or confidential information , and they found that there was no evidence of that either , " he said .
Professor Jones says while the scandal damaged public perception in the science of human induced climate changes , reviews like this are important to regain trust .
" We do have to maintain as much public confidence in the science as we can , " he said .
" And if it comes to these sorts of unfortunate events where you get a whole heap of emails stolen you certainly have to have a close inquiry to try and maintain and restore that confidence if it 's been eroded . "
He says the scandal also shows the disconnect between the scientific consensus and the media debate on climate change .
" What we have is this situation where the overwhelming majority of the climate science community has got one view of the science , and there are a very small group of scientists , most of the time they 're actually not practising in the climate area themselves , [ who disagree ] , " he said .
" And the when you get into the media the mix is more like 50 - 50 , so the public can get the view that there 's actually a real debate going on here whereas while there is one in the media , in the science there is n't actually that much of a material debate . "
Editor 's note ( March 31 ) :
This story has been amended to make it clear that the inquiry looked into Dr Mann 's emails that were relevant to the issue being investigated , rather than all his email correspondence .
Welcome to Bantanamo
For the next four years , the United Nations ’ nerve center , including Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon ‘s office , will be situated in a squat , three - story , corrugated steel building on the U.N. ’s north lawn that looks like a cross between a suburban big - box store and a high - security lockup facility .
Bantánamo , a nickname embraced by U.N. staffers , has taken much of the grandeur out of diplomacy at the United Nations .
It ’s a serious comedown for U.N. civil servants and delegates who have been grinding away in the cause of peace in one of New York City ’s architectural landmarks , the glass and marble U.N. headquarters tower and the U.N. General Assembly hall — now undergoing a $ 1.87 billion renovation .
“ The morale among the people in the secretary general ’s office has never been lower , ” a U.N. official who works in the new building told Turtle Bay .
“ Everybody is profoundly depressed and demoralized because they are put into windowless , airless cubicles that are completely inhumane . ”
Some diplomats say the scaled - down , no - frills quarters send just the right message for an organization that has been struggling to shake off a reputation as wasteful .
“ It ’s stern and pragmatic but it ’s by no means ostentatious , ” said Heraldo Muñoz , Chile ’s U.N. ambassador , adding that governments , principally the United States , have unfairly criticized the organization in the past and starved it of cash .
“ Being in this temporary shelter reflects the state of the U.N.
I feel we should be able to put it up with it for a few years . ”
The original U.N. headquarters compound was built in the early 1950s by a committee of internationally renowned architects , including the Swiss - French modernist Le Corbusier and Brazilian Oscar Niemeyer , who intended it to serve as a temple to international peacemaking , elevating the role of U.N. civil servants and delegates to a kind of diplomatic priesthood .
“ Every time I come into that building I feel a sense of awe , ” said Stephen Schlesinger , author of The Act of Creation , which chronicles the founding of the United Nations .
“ It ’s now been reduced to a pile of shipping crates .
This will diminish the United Nations . ”
There is little debate about the need for a full - fledged renovation of the U.N. headquarters compound , which has been showing its age .
The elegant corridors linking the Security Council to the General Assembly chamber are riddled with leaks that let in rainwater .
The heating and air conditioning systems are wildly inefficient , requiring a sweater to ward off the cold at the height of summer .
The walls are filled with asbestos .
Last year , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg ‘s sister , Marjorie Tiven , who heads the city ’s liaison officer with the U.N. , threatened to shut down public tours of the U.N. because of rampant violations of local fire safety codes .
The new headquarters ’ airy industrial interior , with exposed air conditioning ducts on the ceiling and poured concrete floors , bears more of a resemblance to Wal - Mart or Ikea — two other popular nicknames for the temporary space — than to the U.N. ’s original buildings .
The new building sits atop what was a large U.N. garden filled with statues from around the world .
The crew was unable to move the largest statue , a 40 - ton depiction of St. George slaying the dragon of nuclear war , and built around it .
The statue — built by the Soviet sculptor Zurab Tsereteli and entitled Good Defeats Evil — is held in place by a massive concrete base and was constructed out of scrapped sections of U.S. Pershing and Soviet SS - 20 nuclear missiles .
Niemeyer , now 102 years old and the only surviving U.N. architect , was appalled by the construction of the new building on the U.N. ’s north lawn , and has advised the United Nations to take it down as soon as the renovation is complete .
The U.N. says the new building has been constructed with Niemeyer ’s request in mind .
“ It was n’t designed to be permanent or to be elegant or to be exotic , ” said Michael Adlerstein , a New York architect who built Bantánamo for $ 140 million and was appointed by Ban in 2007 to oversee the U.N. headquarters renovation .
“ It was designed to be functional . ”
At a ribbon - cutting ceremony last month , Ban celebrated the building ’s lack of pretension , noting that “ there are no escalators .
The windows are limited .
We have simple concrete floors .
No carpets . ”
Ban later acknowledged that there were , actually , some carpets , and some wood paneling , in his personal office — “ minimum decorations for the courtesy of visiting dignitaries and V.I.P. ’s , ” he said .
Not everyone has it so good .
The General Assembly president , Libya ’s Ali Abdussalam Treki , who also needs to meet with world leaders , was annoyed to discover he and his staff were to be crammed into a small set of offices that could only be reached by way of a dark concrete corridor .
Werner Schmidt , the spokesman for Adlerstein , declined to discuss Treki ’s concerns .
But he acknowledged : “ We are making some adjustments to the offices of the president of the General Assembly in accordance with his wishes . ”
It is not unusual , he added , for “ a high - level occupant ” in any new building to find that “ certain things can be improved . ”
Mid-level U.N. officials have groused at having to give up window offices with views of the East River and midtown Manhattan for the sunless cubicles .
They are particularly bitter that the Group of 77 , a loose but powerful alliance of more than 130 developing countries , has been given a fairly large space in the new building .
In contrast , the U.N. General Assembly affairs office , which is responsible for organizing meetings in the building , has been moved to a space two blocks away from the U.N. compound , a 42nd street office above a luggage store .
“ It was blackmail , ” said one U.N. official , noting that the G - 77 has used its influence on the U.N. ’s main budgetary committee to exact a spacious set of offices .
The group ’s chairman , Sudanese ambassador Abdalmahmood Abdalhaleem Mohamad , said he “ fought hard ” to make a case for office space in the building .
But he insisted there was no undue pressure .
“ We are an important actor in the U.N . ”
Muñoz cited a more practical problem with the new digs .
“ There is a lot of confusion , ” Muñoz said .
“ I found myself in the corridors of the new building meeting with other ambassadors and members of the U.N. secretariat .
They know they have to go meet someone and do n’t know where the heck they are located . ”
NHS in England ' more efficient than rest of UK '
By Nick Triggle
Health reporter , BBC News
The devolved administrations have pursued different policies
The NHS in England provides better value for money than elsewhere in the UK , a research group 's study suggests .
The Nuffield Trust found there were fewer health staff per head in England , but higher levels of activity and productivity , as well as shorter waits .
The differences were most marked when England was compared with Scotland , but there was nothing to suggest major variations in quality of care .
Health officials in Scotland said the comparison was unfair and out - of - date .
It is the first time experts have carried out such an analysis of NHS efficiency and it comes at a time when the health service is facing a squeeze on its funding in the coming years .
The independent research group compared a range of factors over a 10 - year period to 2006 - 7 .
It found that the NHS in England spends less and has fewer doctors , nurses and managers per head of population than the health services in the devolved nations , but is still doing more .
At the time studied , England was the only part of the UK in which patients needing operations had to be seen within six months .
Hospitals in England now see all patients within 18 weeks .
The rest of the UK is still some way from that point with Scotland not expecting to hit it until the end of 2011 .
Productivity levels fell across the UK during the period - something which is already well documented .
But those falls tended to be most marked in Scotland with the NHS there providing the fewest outpatient appointments , inpatient admissions and day case treatments per doctor of all the parts of the UK .
' Challenging questions '
To take into account the economies of scale and different levels of deprivation between the different parts , the report also looked at individual English regions .
Even when Scotland was compared to the north east , which has similar levels of health need and poverty , the differences were even more marked .
However , the research did not carry out a detailed analysis of quality of care .
It is in any case very difficult to make a fair comparison between the four nations since they collect different data in different ways
Scottish Government spokesman
Why efficiency matters Send us your comments Patient satisfaction rates were compared but these were broadly similar .
Meanwhile , a more in - depth analysis of quality of care last year by a different set of researchers found no significant differences .
Dr Jennifer Dixon , director of the Nuffield Trust , said the latest findings posed " challenging questions " , particularly in the current economic climate .
She added : " Some of the differences and trends may be because of the historical differences in funding levels , which are not directly related to policies implemented after devolution .
" But some will reflect the different policies pursued by each of the four nations since 1999 , in particular the greater pressure put on NHS bodies in England to improve performance in a few key areas such as waiting and efficiency , via targets , strong performance management , public reporting of performance by regulators and financial incentives . "
But Scottish Health Secretary Nicola Sturgeon said the comparison was unfair and out - of - date , pointing out many of the measures had improved since the study was carried out .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
She added : " Some of the challenges NHS Scotland faces are unique certainly in a UK context such as some of the more deep - seated issues of deprivation and ill health and of course our dispersed geography .
" Now these are not excuses for bad performance , but they do mean that it is not always possible to make crude comparisons between one part of the UK and another . "
A spokesman for the Department of Health in England said the findings were a " testament to the tremendous hard work and achievement of NHS staff " .
He added ministers were looking to " build on the strong performance " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Entitled “ You Ca n’t Have Your Cake and Eat It Too ” , the chocolate couch was created by Argentinian artist Leandro Erlich for an art - exhibit appropriately named “ Let Them Eat Art ” .
The chocolaty art - piece was covered in a thick layer of chocolate that not only made it look like a brown leather couch , but also feel like one .
All the couch details , including buttons and stitching were made from chocolate .
That chocolate couch looks so real I bet there was someone at the gallery door telling visitors not to sit on it .
via mocoloco
This article is also available in Turkish – Adnan Oktar ' nin gercek yuzunu gormek icin , buraya tiklayin
Inspired by the high profile of its Christian American counterpart , Muslim creationism is becoming increasingly visible and confident .
On scores of websites and in dozens of books with titles like The Evolution Deceit and The Dark Face of Darwinism , a new and well - funded version of evolution - denialism , carefully calibrated to exploit the current fashion for religiously inspired attacks on scientific orthodoxy and “ militant ” atheism , seems to have found its voice .
In a recent interview with The Times Richard Dawkins himself recognises the impact of this new phenomenon : “ There has been a sharp upturn in hostility to teaching evolution in the classroom and it ’s mostly coming from Islamic students . ”
The patron saint of this new movement , the ubiquitous “ expert ” cited and referenced by those eager to demonstrate the superiority of “ Koranic science ” over “ the evolution lie ” , is the larger - than - life figure of Harun Yahya .
Operating from Istanbul , Yahya is the founder of the Science Research Foundation , an impressive publishing empire that boasts more than 60 websites dedicated to his writings .
It provides documentary films and audio recordings in fifteen languages , including Turkish , English , Russian , Amharic and Arabic , and claims to sell more than half a million books a year , including the infamous 850 - page , fully illustrated Atlas of Creation , which was sent free in two volumes to dozens of universities , libraries and prominent scientists ( including Richard Dawkins ) across the world .
In painstaking detail , with a mass of photos , graphs and statistics interspersed with verses from the Koran , the Atlas purports to prove that Darwin was utterly mistaken , that each plant and animal was created intact , and that no modification through natural selection ever took place .
Yahya has publicly offered a lucrative prize for anyone who can produce a “ transitional fossil ” – the lack of which he claims proves evolution to be false .
When Dawkins publicly lampooned the research in the Atlas of Creation ( he pointed out that one of the photos of a Caddis Fly was in fact a fishing fly , complete with metal hook , stolen from the internet , pictured ) , and labelled Yahya a charlatan on his website , Yahya used his considerable influence and battalion of lawyers to sue for libel and have Dawkins ’s website banned in Turkey .
This is just one of thousands of cases he has brought before the Turkish courts .
Despite the shoddiness of his science Yahya has found a ready audience among those looking for scientific justification for their rejection of the West .
Over the past decades he has served as an adviser to several Turkish politicians , and received endorsements from across the Arab world including Saudi Arabia and Dubai , where his stalls feature prominently at book fairs .
He has also proved a fascinating subject for the Western media , offering all - expenses - paid flights to Istanbul to any journalist wishing to interview him , and making himself available for radio interview whenever required .
In recent years he has been interviewed by the Irish Times , by American National Public Radio , by Gordon Liddy on Radio America , by the American science magazine Seed and even by The Skeptic magazine .
While coverage in the West tends to treat Yahya ’s scientific claims with derision ( though all are still posted on his website as evidence of his growing influence ) , he is treated far more seriously across the Muslim world .
From daily newspapers in Egypt and Bosnia to influential satellite TV stations like al - Jazeera and ( the Iran - funded ) Press TV , to small Muslim broadcasters in the West like Radio Ummah and Radio Ramadan , Harun Yahya ’s argument , with its appearance of scientific credibility , its crowd - pleasing critique of Western materialism and its promise of the imminent collapse of the “ Darwinist Dictatorship ” , is enthusiastically welcomed by a new audience hungry for compensatory narratives of Islamic superiority .
As the American journalist Nathan Schneider argued , to judge Yahya ’s message on its scientific content alone misses the point : “ its power , for those who are not scientifically literate , lies in its vision of redemption . ”
As well as being confidante to Islamist radicals , Yahya has received endorsements from conservative congressmen in the US for his strong stance against Islamic terrorism , is feted by extreme orthodox Sanhedrin Rabbis in Israel for his anti-atheism , and has ambitions to create a Turkish - Islamic union , a new Ottoman Empire girdling the world from Eastern Russia to Western Nigeria , which would unify the Islamic world under Turkish leadership .
But how many of those who enthusiastically swallow Yahya ’s message are aware that he is a diagnosed schizophrenic who , in 2008 , was convicted of running a criminal organisation ?
If his final appeal before Turkey ’s Supreme Court fails , he faces up to three years in prison .
How did such a man acquire the standing , and the financial resources , to be a player in global debates about the origins of life and the future of relations between Islam and the West ?
To answer this I have travelled repeatedly to Istanbul over the last few months ( at my own expense ) , contacting sources and speaking to former members of his group , to journalists and political commentators who have followed his bizarre career and to legal experts who have defended individuals targeted by Yahya ’s organisations .
Many of my interviewees spoke on condition of anonymity , out of fear of the barrage of court cases his defectors and critics have been facing in recent years , described by one of his former acolytes as a campaign of “ legal terror ” .
As I arrive in Istanbul in July 2009 I am told that while he awaits the outcome of his final appeal Yahya can be spotted visiting Istanbul ’s high - end shopping malls Kanyon and Istinye Park , accompanied by an entourage of men and women dressed in expensive , identical , designer clothes , their eyes concealed behind sunglasses .
In his trademark garb – well - groomed beard , white linen suit and designer shades – he cuts the figure of a man of authority and influence , a man confident in his own importance .
But is anything about him what it seems ?
Certainly not the name Harun Yahya , which is a pseudonym used mainly for his operations in the English - speaking world .
His real name is Adnan Oktar though in Turkey he is also known as Adnan Hodja ( Preacher Adnan ) and , to his followers , he is Adnan Agabey ( Big Brother Adnan ) .
Born in Ankara in 1956 , by the late 1970s he was a student at the Academy of Fine Arts in Istanbul , where he studied interior design .
During this time he fell under the influence of the ideas of a charismatic Islamist preacher and moderniser , Said - i Nursi , in particular Nursi ’s marrying of Islamic mysticism with scientific rhetoric .
It was in the years of violence and repression following the coup of September 1980 , which installed a military junta , that Adnan Oktar began to emerge as a public figure in Turkey .
In an environment of political and cultural instability , with Turkey threatened by Cold War politics from without and the clash between Kemalist secular modernisers and a rising tide of Islamic militancy within , the stage was set for a new character , a modern Turkish - Muslim man .
On to this stage walked Oktar , clutching the first of his books , Judaism and Freemasons , a derivative retread of anti-Semitic clichés in the manner of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion , which identified Jews and the masons as the devious obstacles to the emergence of a new , powerful Turkish - Muslim nation .
“ The principal mission of Jews and Freemasons in Turkey , ” Oktar wrote , “ was to erode the spiritual , religious , and moral values of the Turkish people and make them like animals . ”
Following publication Oktar was arrested , charged with promoting a theocratic revolution , a crime against the secular code .
He eventually served 19 months , though he was never formally charged .
During this period he was confined to a prison clinic , and then Bakirkoy Mental Hospital , where he was diagnosed with an obsessive - compulsive personality disorder and schizophrenia .
Though I have seen the formal diagnosis myself , it is still not clear whether the symptoms were genuine .
Some , like his former colleague Islamist author Edip Yuksel , who was imprisoned in 1986 at the same time , believe Oktar was faking to avoid compulsory military service and criminal charges .
( “ Which is ironic , ” wrote Yuksel , “ since he was indeed mentally ill ; he was a delusional maniac . ” )
Already by this point , Yuksel reports , Oktar believed himself to be the Mehdi , the messiah foretold in Sunni theology .
While Oktar was building a public profile through his books , the real work was taking place backstage , as he began to assemble a group of followers dedicated to his twisted vision .
Combining his undoubted charisma ( something even his most ardent opponents concede ) with a gift for manipulation , Oktar set out to build a cult around himself , drawing extensively on the techniques pioneered by messianic gurus like Charles Manson and Jim Jones , and in particular employing the strategies of the Moonies , the Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh and Scientology in targeting disaffected but affluent and educated young people , insisting they turn their worldly goods over to the cult , and vigorously enforcing rigid hierarchies and punitive rules .
Though , as with all cults , it is extremely hard to understand what draws young , rich and educated people in , Dilek , a former follower of Oktar , gives something of the flavour .
Now a suave businesswoman in her late 30s , Dilek remembers how she first met Oktar , visiting him while he was still in mental hospital , after her then boyfriend had turned out to be a follower .
“ I was expecting someone who frightens you off , someone terrible , ” she told me .
“ He was the opposite .
He was tall , with rosy cheeks and blue eyes .
He was laughing a lot , he was full of love . ”
She was seduced .
On his release Oktar began to hold meetings in cafés and private residences in Istanbul ’s posh suburbs , where a growing number of rich and beautiful young people gathered for debate and prayer .
Soon Dilek donned a headscarf , but only outside her parents ’ house , so as not to alert them to her new - found religious commitment .
All her friends in the group were graduates of expensive public schools , educated in foreign languages , and most were the children of rich families and many of well - known personalities .
In the early days the discussions invariably led to Oktar ’s particular interest in Jewish conspiracies .
“ There was a chilling hatred against Jews and Freemasons , ” Dilek recalls .
“ The Jews were the people who ruin the world , and we were the good Muslims to fight against them . ”
Such “ awareness - raising ” meetings and discussion groups are part and parcel of Islamist group mobilisation .
Yet Oktar ’s group soon took a different turn .
“ Suddenly Adnan Hodja repudiated all oral traditions relating to the words and deeds of Muhammad ( hadith ) and decided that the Koran would be the only point of reference , ” says Dilek .
“ Henceforth , he reduced the five daily prayers to three , and he dropped the veiling of women .
He told us the Mehdi would emerge from Turkey , and he would come with an army of youth .
He never said that he was the Mehdi himself , but we all believed that he was . ”
Throughout the 1980s and early ’90s , Oktar built up his community .
Followers were especially active in the swanky summer resorts along the shore of the Sea of Marmara .
A friend of mine , who spent most of her holidays in the late 1980s at her parents ’ summer flat in the area , recalls how the followers ’ targeting worked : “ They bought flats there and singled out attractive girls and boys .
The boys were very good - looking , boys who can easily charm you .
I guess this is why they started with the boys .
Once the girls entered the cult , they had to give up sexy fashion , so they would n’t be able to attract new members .
But for the boys , the rules were more relaxed , so that they could continue recruitment . ”
The social organisation within the group was becoming rigidly hierarchical and , as is common in messianic cults , sexual relations were tightly controlled , with the putative messiah given access denied to others .
Oktar considered all female members his legitimate possession .
Berk , a recent defector after seven years , describes the groups : “ There were sisters ( bacilar ) , concubines ( cariyeler ) and brothers ( kardesler ) , the male members .
The brothers were allowed to marry the concubines , while the sisters were all married to Adnan Hodja . ”
Of course these marriages were not legal , but they were treated as such within the group .
As with Scientology , discipline was maintained through humiliation , the threat of expulsion and physical violence .
“ I know personally , ” Berk told me , “ that Oktar beats the sisters . ”
Okatr also insisted on uniformity in dress , behaviour and even home furnishings .
“ Everyone had to be the same , ” says Berk .
“ The hairstyle , the shoes , the jackets .
It had to be the most expensive brands , like Versace and Gucci , and it had to be exactly how he wanted it to be .
Even our communal flats had to be furnished according to his taste .
It had to be heavy antiques , all with gold leaf and dark wood . ”
Video cameras were installed in the communal apartments , which allowed Oktar to exercise control over his followers and outsiders .
As the criminal indictment vividly illustrates , young girls were lured into sex parties with the promise of being admitted to the group , but ended up having to perform sexual acts with men of influence , whom the group needed for its economic and political success .
The encounters were filmed and used to coerce the men in question to act in the group ’s interest .
In witness statements , the models Tugce Doras and Seckin Piriler give detailed accounts of how members of the group treated them as “ sex slaves ” and how Oktar and his followers compelled them to perform oral sex and other sexual favours .
No matter how bizarre the rules , Oktar was able to provide them with apparent legitimacy through his reading of the Koran and Islamic history .
Concubinage was justified by reference to the Ottoman harems , while passages of the Koran were recited to justify the practice of severing the ties of the young followers to their families .
As a leading legal scholar involved in some of the court cases against Oktar puts it : “ In [ Oktar ’s ] reading , the love for mother and father is an offence to God .
Parents are seen as the executors of God ’s will to raise the child .
Once the child reaches adulthood , their role is fulfilled .
If the parents happen to join , they are considered pious and may become fellow comrades .
If they remain ‘ infidels ’ , they are considered enemies . ”
It was with this justification that the followers cut off relations with their parents , on whose financial and social resources , however , the group ultimately depended .
The indictment details the way in which followers were encouraged to plunder their parents ’ bank accounts and sell their assets .
With the local elections in 1994 came an unforeseen opportunity for Oktar .
The hardline Islamist Welfare Party ( Refah Partisi ) , the predecessor of the governing Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) , won control of the municipalities of Istanbul and Ankara .
But the new Islamist mayors ( in Istanbul this was Recep Tayyip Erdogan , now Turkey ’s Prime Minister ) lacked the expertise and the social and economic networks to govern effectively .
They needed allies who were both sufficiently Islamic and well resourced .
With his eye for exploiting the main chance , Oktar stepped forward .
The journalist and editor Fatih Altayli , who has taken on Oktar repeatedly and had to fight off dozens of libel cases as a result , sees this as a crucial moment of consolidation : “ In 1995 and ’ 96 , companies from Oktar ’s sphere of influence made big business deals with municipalities under the control of the Welfare party , especially in Istanbul and Ankara .
During a raid at a meeting of the group , for instance , the police arrested Oguzhan Asilturk , an acting minister in the Welfare government , and one of the leading ideologues of political Islam in Turkey .
It was really during these years , that they gained a lot of economic clout .
Followers even established companies in Dubai . ”
Some followers joined the trail of Turkish investors to Central Asia and set up businesses with the money they had extracted from their parents , with profits routed back to Oktar .
Another military intervention , the “ bloodless coup ” of 1997 , saw the government of Erbakan forced to step down and the Welfare party disbanded .
Oktar lost his political influence ( something he has never regained with the current Islamist AKP government , who are eager to steer clear of him ) .
Nothing if not bold , Oktar rebranded again .
In 1998 the Science and Research Foundation , the group Oktar had formed in 1990 , launched its campaign against Darwinism , distributing tens of thousands of free copies of his book The Evolution Deceit in Turkey , paving the way for the Atlas of Creation and Oktar ’s new role as the spokesman for Muslim creationism .
It is highly doubtful whether any of these books – or indeed any of the 150 books he claims to have written – were actually written by Oktar .
Berk , who was part of the inner circle at the time , confirms this : “ There is a group of followers who are commissioned to write the books .
For every book , they will take a few key sources written by Christian creationist authors , mostly from the US .
They plagiarise the chapters and paragraphs that agree with their creationist approach .
Then they add the photos , a few ayat from the Koran , and sometimes a bit of a commentary .
None of the ideas belong to Oktar . ”
Sensing another opportunity immediately after 9/11 , Oktar instantly shed his formerly virulent anti-Semitism and published a piece called “ Islam condemns terror ” , designed , apparently , to curry favour with America .
Oktar ’s group already had established good relations with US congressmen in 2000 , when his Science Research Foundation received the endorsement of seven members of Congress and retired Senator Steve Symms , who described it as “ a major influence for good among the younger population of Turkey ” and praised its “ commitment to democracy , preservation of national and moral values , and respect for law ” .
Since then Oktar has become an ardent proponent of interfaith dialogue , attempting to unify believers of all stripes against the corrupting influence of Darwinism , which he now holds responsible for Fascism , anti-Semitism and the Holocaust .
Most recently , he has been talking about the “ Turkish - Islamic Union ” , which would bring peace to the entire Muslim world under the leadership of Turkey .
Oktar ’s ideological and political promiscuity seem to support the claim that he has no genuine beliefs at all , and merely opportunistically jumps on issues which will further his notoriety , following the lead of smarter followers .
As one former follower told me , “ We had something to please everybody : Ataturk , namaz ( prayer ) , creationism and , if need be , cocaine . ”
But with so many ideas taken up and discarded , and their leader facing jail , might the group be nearing exhaustion ?
True , the Science Research Foundation and the followers have initiated thousands of court cases .
Three hundred alone were brought against the model and one - time sympathiser Ebru Simsek , who spoke out against Oktar after she refused his advances , and a barrage of faked naked photos of her were made public .
Oktar ’s followers have shot thousands of compromising videos of everyone who has come into intimate contact with the group .
They have intimidated prosecutors , judges and lawyers with endless streams of complaints and faxed denunciations and printed libellous advertisements in the Islamist media , defaming their critics .
They have been especially effective on the internet , setting up numerous websites to denounce their enemies , while using the Turkish courts to silence them – the Dawkins site is just one of dozens they have had banned .
“ They may be only a few hundred people , ” one lawyer told me , “ but the damage they have inflicted is considerable .
Damage to the families , to the judicial system , and to Turkish politics . ”
However , and despite the serious shortcomings of Turkey ’s legal system , they have eventually lost every single one of the cases they have brought , thanks in large measure to the courage of solicitor Rezzan Aydinoglu , who works virtually full - time on behalf of Oktar ’s victims .
According to investigators most of the business ventures in Central Asia have failed .
Both factors will have eaten into Oktar ’s resources .
And there may be deeper , structural reasons for the group ’s decline .
In the late 1980s , after several babies were born to group members ( whether Oktar ’s or not is unclear ) , Oktar forbade sexual practices that would lead to pregnancy ( his followers were limited to anal or oral intercourse ) .
Since then there have been no more births in the group .
Anecdotal evidence suggests that Oktar ’s formerly aggressive recruitment has abated , too .
What remains is a closed community of broken individuals .
Berk , who has had to endure his fair share of slander and court cases , nevertheless feels compassion for his former comrades :
“ You have to understand that these are people who have sold everything they had ; they sold what their parents had .
They possess nothing .
Many are now in their late 30s and 40s .
They have lost their families and their social networks , and they have lost the ability to socialise .
The only thing they know is to talk about Adnan ’s distorted version of Islam . ”
Dilek , who broke with the a few group years ago , left two sisters behind .
Her family sees them once or twice a year , when they visit guarded by a group of brothers .
“ They are like zombies , ” she told me .
“ As if there is nobody inside . ”
Oktar continues to be a public figure in Turkey , where a two - part , five - hour interview with him was screened on national television in August .
The final ruling on his appeal is due in October , and Razzan Aydinoglu told me it is very likely he will lose .
But this may be just the kind of thing he would enjoy , turning it into evidence of his martyrdom .
Clearly Oktar is a master of manipulation , a “ cunning charlatan ” as Erip Yuksel calls him , but it is not this alone that has allowed this deluded , empty man to achieve the prominence he has .
He is a symptom of our own sickness .
Thanks to the “ War on Terror ” , Oktar could paint himself as a credible alternative to radical Islam ; thanks to our timidity and incompetence around issues of faith he can gain credibility as a representative of Muslim sentiment and a champion of “ inter - faith dialogue ” .
And , most of all , for many disoriented Muslims , he provides a compelling vision of a superior Islamic science .
He is a deluded megalomaniac who has artfully exploited the global resurgence of religious sentiment to cheat us all .
A ludicrous man for ludicrous times .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Counter - terrorism police say their discovery of a film of children being encouraged to hold guns is evidence of attempts to radicalise youngsters .
The Counter Terrorist Unit ( CTU ) in North West England revealed they found the film during a raid in Manchester .
Officers say it shows two children , aged about three and six , playing with a pistol and a Kalashnikov rifle .
Material seized separately included the advice : " No child is ever too young to be started off on Jihad training . "
The footage , which police believe was filmed in Pakistan , was uncovered on the hard drive of a computer during a raid carried out under the Terrorism Act 2000 .
Police have not revealed when the material was seized .
' I want to kill ' Police believe the firearms are real .
The video shows a girl and young boy playing with guns and a man 's voice says : " What do you do with the weapon ? "
He answers his own question : " I want to kill the infidels [ non - believers ] . "
A senior officer in the CTU , who cannot be identified for security reasons , said : " We believe this was filmed abroad .
" We have no idea who the children are .
We were shocked to find it at the house .
We have no reason to believe this is faked .
The guns are real . "
It just shows the mindset of some people and what we are up against
Senior CTU officer
Police say they have also found flash cards , used to teach young children the alphabet , in another house raid .
The officer said : " We found a series of flash cards and documents on how to raise Mujahid children [ who will fight for Islam ] .
The cards were written in English - and instead of having M for Muhammad they had M for Mujahideen ... "
" They have the potential to indoctrinate .
It just shows the mindset of some people and what we are up against . "
Police say they also found documents downloaded from an extremist website which instructs parents to raise Mujahid children .
The documents say : " The key is to start instilling these values in them while they are babies .
Do n't wait until they are seven .
No child is ever too young to be started off on Jihad training . "
' Awful to see ' David Thompson , Assistant Chief Constable of Greater Manchester Police , said the majority of the Muslim population supported the police 's counter - terror operations in the region .
He said : " My view is [ that ] the majority of the community across the board see the threat that we 're dealing with and are hugely supportive . "
MP Kim Howells , chairman of the parliamentary intelligence and security committee , was shown the footage .
He said : " It 's a dreadful thing to see and I hope I never have to see it again actually .
" That 's as serious a piece of evidence of the kind of thing we are up against as I have ever set eyes on . "
Anjum Anwar MBE , who works for the church as a community dialogue development officer , said the film must not be used to implicate the rest of the Muslim world .
Most of the Muslim community do not bring up their children in that way , she said .
The video will be broadcast as part of an Inside
Out special looking at the work of the CTU in North West England , the first time cameras have followed their work , on BBC One in the North West on Sunday at 2225 GMT or on the BBC i-player .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Chinese National Bureau of Statistics has a lot of interesting data .
The web site is hard to use , at least in my browser , but after poking around in the html source of the pages , I 've managed to figure out how to get to all the annual data , which let me make some graphs .
I do n't know how accurate these numbers are , but here , at any rate , is the official story .
As usual , when reviewing Chinese economic statistics , I strongly recommend that you first arrange for ample clearance below your lower jaw to avoid any risk of accidental injury ...
First up , we have the data on total passenger - kilometers by major mode .
( One caveat to bear in mind .
These are annual data from 1990 to 2007 .
Prior to 1990 , there are data points for 1978 , 1980 , and 1985 .
I have made annual plots from 1978 - 2007 , and just used linear interpolation for the data gaps before 1990 . )
To get a better sense of the growth rates in that data , here 's the five year compound annual growth rate ( CAGR ) for the three major modes :
As you can see , growth rates of railway and highway usage are both very high ( the 7 % growth corresponds to about a ten year doubling time ) .
However , it 's the airline usage that 's really electrifying with over 15 % growth over the last decade .
Note also that highway passenger travel will include both buses and personal vehicles , and this combined data likely conceals a significant transition from the one to the other .
Next , there are some data on total length of transportation routes .
( Here the only missing data point is 1979 which I interpolated ) .
In this next graph , I show the length of railways versus expressways ( not all highways , which is a much larger number , just the freeway - equivalent roads ) :
Clearly , China is becoming increasingly car - centric , versus rail - centric .
For kicks , I also put in the level of the US Interstate Highway System in 2008 .
As you can see , the Chinese Expressway system is reaching the size of that system and will likely far surpass it soon .
According to the wiki entry :
Design standards for China 's National Trunk Highway System are derived from the standards used on the American Interstate Highway System , with Chinese expressway cross-sections , interchange profiles , and bridge designs closely reflecting their counterparts in the United States
The Wikipedia even has a nice map , with blue being expressways in existence , and red under construction or planned .
Looks like they can keep stimulating their economy with shovel - ready projects for quite a while to come ...
Also , from the same dataset , here is the breakdown of electrified and non-electrified railroad :
The electrified railroad is increasing very rapidly , but right now , between the rapid growth of private passenger transportation , and the remaining diesel powered railroads , Chinese transportation is probably almost as oil dependent as US transportation ( they have pretty much phased out the steam trains now ) .
Next up , ownership of private vehicles :
Holy Batmobile !
That 's quite a growth curve !
Still a ways to go to reach US levels of 250 m or so .
But with growth rates like these :
it wo n't take long !
Over the twenty years 1987 to 2007 , the compound annual growth rate was 30.8 % in the private passenger vehicle ownership rate .
That 's the average growth rate .
And it 's not like there 's a sharp slowdown - 2006 - 2007 was over that twenty year average .
In fact , if you take the decade 1997 to 2007 CAGR of 28.3 % (!! ) , and project it forward then the Chinese vehicle fleet will surpass the US fleet by 2017 or so .
Admittedly it's hard to see such astronomical growth rates continuing for long .
Maybe they wo n't .
But then , it 's hard to imagine them having continued for the last 25 years , and apparently they did .
If you 'd said in 2000 that growth was slowing down and certain to slow down more , you 'd have been wrong .
And they 'd still be a long way from US per capita car ownership at that level , since the population is four times larger .
The world has never seen anything like this Chinese industrial machine .
In summary , if present trends continue , the Chinese expressway system will likely grow larger than the US interstate highway system within the next couple of years , and Chinese car ownership will exceed US car ownership by somewhere in the neighborhood of 2017 .
So while the al - Shahristani plan for Iraqi oil production seems like it aims for an extraordinary increase in oil production in a hurry , it 's not at all hard to see where all that oil can go .
Oversimplifying greatly , it 's as though the US borrowed a pile of money from China in order to fight a war to free up oil supply in Iraq in order that China could become the greatest industrial power the world has ever seen .
Oh , and you can see why China was n't too keen to strike a deal in Copenhagen .
• This piece is the subject of a legal complaint from lawyers acting on behalf of NCL Holdings and its principal , Hamed Wardak .
The lawyers for Hamed Wardak and NCL Holdings , Mishcon de Reya say : NCL and Mr Wardak learned of the contracting opportunities for the provision of trucking services in Afghanistan from the " fedbizopps " website , which is hosted by the US Government , and open to all , with all of the stringencies required in such an exercise .
NCL competed for the contract according to the advertised criteria and were awarded it on the merits of its tender in a fair and open exercise .
Neither NCL nor Mr Wardak were the recipients of the contract because of Mr Wardak 's connections in Afghanistan .
The contracts were not awarded unfairly .
Although each tendering party has been awarded transit contracts with a value of up to US $ 360 million for a period of two years , NCL have so far , nearly half way through the first year , performed contacts to the value of US $ 18.5 million .
Mr Wardak and his family have dedicated their political lives to the welfare of Afghanistan , in vocal opposition to the Taliban .
He does not directly or indirectly provide funds to the Taliban .
There is no evidence that any money from NCL was received by the Taliban .
On 29 October 2001 , while the Taliban 's rule over Afghanistan was under assault , the regime 's ambassador in Islamabad in neighbouring Pakistan gave a chaotic press conference in front of several dozen reporters sitting on the grass .
On the Taliban diplomat 's right sat his interpreter , Ahmad Rateb Popal , a man with an imposing presence .
Like the ambassador , Popal wore a black turban , and he had a huge bushy beard .
He had a black patch over his right eye socket , a prosthetic left arm and a deformed right hand , the result of injuries from an explosives mishap during an old operation against the Soviets in Kabul .
But Popal was more than just a former mujahideen .
In 1988 , a year before the Soviets fled Afghanistan , Popal had been charged in the United States with conspiring to import more than a kilo of heroin .
Court records show he was released from prison in 1998 .
Flash forward to 2009 , and Afghanistan is ruled by Popal 's cousin , President Hamid Karzai .
Popal has cut his huge beard down to a neatly trimmed one and has become an immensely wealthy businessman , along with his brother Rashid Popal , who pleaded guilty to a heroin charge in 1996 in Brooklyn in a separate case .
The Popal brothers control the huge Watan Group in Afghanistan , a consortium engaged in telecommunications , logistics and , most important , security .
Watan Risk Management , the Popals ' private military arm , is one of the few dozen private security companies in Afghanistan [ its senior personnel are ex-British army , many of them from Special Services ] .
One of Watan 's enterprises , key to the war effort , is protecting convoys of Afghan trucks heading from Kabul to Kandahar , carrying American supplies .
Welcome to the wartime contracting bazaar in Afghanistan .
It is a virtual carnival of improbable characters and shady connections , with former CIA ­ officials and ex–military officers joining hands with former Taliban and mujahideen to collect US government funds in the name of the war effort .
In this grotesque carnival , the US military 's contractors are forced to pay suspected insurgents to protect American supply routes .
It is an accepted fact of the military logistics operation in Afghanistan that the US government funds the very forces American troops are fighting .
And it is a deadly irony , because these funds add up to a huge amount of money for the Taliban .
" It 's a big part of their income , " one of the top Afghan government security officials admits .
In fact , US military officials in Kabul estimate that a minimum of 10 % of the Pentagon 's logistics contracts – hundreds of millions of dollars – consists of payments to insurgents .
Understanding how this situation came to pass requires untangling two threads .
The first is the complex web of connections that determines who wins and who loses in Afghan business , and a good place to pick up this thread is a small firm awarded a US military logistics contract worth hundreds of millions of dollars : NCL Holdings .
Like the Popals ' Watan Risk , NCL is a licensed security company in Afghanistan .
What NCL Holdings is most notable for in Kabul contracting circles , though , is the identity of its chief principal , Hamed Wardak .
He is the young American son of Afghan 's current defence minister , General Rahim Wardak , who was a leader of the mujahideen against the Soviets .
Earlier this year , the firm , with no apparent trucking experience , was named as one of the six companies that would handle all the US trucking in Afghanistan , bringing supplies to the web of bases and remote outposts scattered across the country .
Striking contracting gold
At first the contract , for " host nation trucking " , was large but not gargantuan .
But over the summer , citing the coming " surge " and a new doctrine , " Money as a weapons system " , the US military expanded the contract 600 % for NCL and the five other companies .
The contract documentation warns of dire consequences if more is not spent : " Service members will not get the food , water , equipment and ammunition they require . "
Each of the military 's six trucking contracts was bumped up to $ 360 m , or a total of nearly $ 2.2 bn .
Put it in this perspective : this single two - year effort to hire Afghan trucks and truckers was worth 10 % of the annual Afghan gross domestic product .
NCL , the firm run by the defence minister 's well - connected son , had struck pure contracting gold .
Host nation trucking does , indeed , keep the US military efforts alive in Afghanistan .
" We supply everything the army needs to survive here , " one American trucking executive told me .
" We bring them their toilet paper , their water , their fuel , their guns , their vehicles . "
The epicentre is Bagram air base , just an hour north of Kabul , from where virtually everything in Afghanistan is trucked to the outer reaches of what the army calls " the battlespace " – that is , the entire country .
Parked near Entry Control Point 3 , the trucks line up , shifting gears and sending up clouds of dust as they prepare for their various missions across the country .
The real secret to trucking in Afghanistan is security on the perilous roads , controlled by warlords , tribal militias , insurgents and Taliban commanders .
The American executive I talked to was fairly specific about it : " The army is basically paying the Taliban not to shoot at them .
It is Department of Defense money . "
That is something everyone seems to agree on .
Mike Hanna is the project manager for a trucking company called Afghan American Army Services .
The company , which still operates in Afghanistan , had been trucking for the United States for years but lost out in the host nation trucking contract that NCL won .
Hanna explained the security realities quite simply : " You are paying the people in the local areas – some are warlords , some are politicians in the police force – to move your trucks through . "
Hanna explained that the prices charged are different depending on the route .
" We 're basically being extorted .
Where you do n't pay , you 're going to get attacked .
We just have our field guys go down there , and they pay off who they need to . "
Sometimes , he says , the fee is high , and sometimes it is low .
" Moving 10 trucks , it is probably $ 800 per truck to move through an area .
It 's based on a number of trucks and what you 're carrying .
If you have fuel trucks , they are going to charge you more .
If you have dry trucks , they 're not going to charge you as much .
If you are carrying Mraps [ mine - resistant ambush - protected vehicles ] or Humvees , they are going to charge you more . "
Hanna says it is just a necessary evil .
" If you tell me not to pay these insurgents in this area , the chances of my trucks getting attacked increase exponentially . "
The private security industry in Afghanistan has developed quite differently from the private military model seen in Iraq , where firms such as Blackwater were arms of the US government .
The industry in Kabul is far more dog - eat - dog .
" Every warlord has his security company , " is the way one executive explained it to me .
The heart of the matter is that insurgents are getting paid for safe passage because there are few other ways to bring goods to the combat outposts and forward operating bases where soldiers need them .
By definition , many outposts are situated in hostile terrain , in the southern parts of Afghanistan .
The security firms do n't really protect convoys of US military goods here because they simply can't ; they need the Taliban 's co-operation .
One of the big problems for the companies that ship US military supplies across the country is that they are banned from arming themselves with any weapon heavier than a rifle .
That makes them ineffective for battling Taliban attacks on a convoy .
Insurgents are " shooting the drivers from 3,000 ft away " with Kalashnikovs , a trucking company executive in Kabul told me .
" They are using RPGs [ rocket - propelled grenades ] that will blow up an up - armed vehicle .
So the security companies are tied up .
Because of the rules , security companies can only carry AK - 47s , and that 's just a joke .
I carry an AK – and that 's just to shoot myself if I have to ! "
The rules are there for a good reason : to guard against devastating collateral damage by private security forces .
Still , as Hanna points out , " An AK - 47 versus a rocket - propelled grenade – you are going to lose . "
That said , at least one of the host nation trucking companies has tried to do battle instead of paying off insurgents and warlords .
It is a US - owned firm called Four Horsemen International ( FHI ) .
Instead of payments , it tried to fight off attackers .
FHI , like many other firms , refused to talk publicly ; but insiders in the security industry say that FHI 's convoys are attacked on virtually every mission .
Watan 's secret weapon
For the most part , the security firms do as they must to survive .
A veteran American manager in Afghanistan who has worked there as both a soldier and a private security contractor in the field told me , " What we are doing is paying warlords associated with the Taliban , because none of our security elements is able to deal with the threat . "
He is an army veteran with years of Special Forces experience , and he is not happy about what is being done .
He says that , at a minimum , American military forces should try to learn more about who is getting paid off .
" Most escorting is done by the Taliban , " an Afghan private security official told me .
He is a Pashto and former mujahideen commander who has his finger on the pulse of the military situation and the security industry .
And he works with one of the trucking companies carrying US supplies .
" Now the government is so weak , " he added , " everyone is paying the Taliban . "
To Afghan trucking officials , this is barely even something to worry about .
One woman I met was an extraordinary entrepreneur who had built up a trucking business in this male - dominated field .
She told me the security company she had hired dealt directly with Taliban leaders in the south .
Paying the Taliban leaders meant they would send along an escort to ensure that no other insurgents would attack .
In fact , she said , they just needed two armed Taliban vehicles .
" Two Taliban is enough , " she told me .
" One in the front and one in the back . "
She shrugged .
" You can not work otherwise .
Otherwise it is not possible . "
Which leads us back to the case of Watan Risk , the firm run by the Popals , the Karzai family relatives and former drug dealers .
Watan is known to control one key stretch of road that all the truckers use : the strategic route to Kandahar called Highway 1 .
Think of it as the road to the war – to the south and to the west .
If the army wants to get supplies down to Helmand , for example , the trucks must make their way through Kandahar .
Watan Risk , according to seven different security and trucking company officials , is the sole provider of security along this route .
The reason is simple : Watan has a deal with the local warlord who controls the road .
Watan 's secret weapon to protect American supplies heading through Kandahar is a man named Commander Ruhullah .
Said to be a handsome man in his 40s , Ruhullah has an oddly high - pitched voice .
He wears traditional salwar kameez and a Rolex watch .
He rarely , if ever , associates with westerners .
He commands a large group of irregular fighters with no known government affiliation , and his name , security officials tell me , inspires obedience or fear in villages along the road .
According to witnesses , Ruhullah works like this : he waits until there are hundreds of trucks ready to convoy south down the highway .
Then he gets his men together , setting them up in 4x4s and pickups .
Witnesses say he does not limit his arsenal to AK - 47 s but uses any weapons he can get .
His chief weapon is his reputation .
And for that , Ruhullah is paid royally , collecting a fee for each truck that passes through his corridor .
The American trucking official told me that Ruhullah " charges $ 1,500 per truck to go to Kandahar .
Just 300 km . "
Security , extortion or insurance ?
It is hard to pinpoint what this is , exactly – security , extortion or a form of " insurance " .
Then there is the question , does Ruhullah have ties to the Taliban ?
That is impossible to know .
As an American private security veteran familiar with the route says , " He works both sides . . . whatever is most profitable .
He 's the main commander .
He 's got to be involved with the Taliban .
How much , no one knows . "
Even NCL , the company owned by Hamed Wardak , is reputed to pay .
Two sources with direct knowledge tell me that NCL sends its portion of US logistics goods in Watan and Commander Ruhullah 's convoys .
Sources say NCL is billed $ 500,000 a month for Watan 's services .
To underline the point , NCL , operating on a $ 360 m contract from the US military , and owned by the Afghan defense minister 's son , is apparently paying millions a year from those funds to a company owned by President Karzai 's cousins , for protection .
Cleaning up what looks like cronyism may be easier than the next step : shutting down the money pipeline from Department of Defense contracts to potential insurgents .
Two years ago , a top Afghan security official told me , Afghanistan 's intelligence service , the National Directorate of Security ( NDS ) , alerted the American military to the problem .
The NDS is a well - run service , trusted by the international forces .
The NDS delivered what I 'm told are " very detailed " reports to the Americans explaining how the Taliban are profiting from protecting convoys of US supplies .
The Afghan intelligence service even offered a solution : what if the US was to take the tens of millions paid to security contractors and instead set up a dedicated and professional convoy support unit to guard its logistics lines ?
The suggestion went nowhere .
The bizarre fact is that the practice of buying the Taliban 's protection is not a secret .
I asked Colonel David Haight , who commands the Third Brigade of the 10th Mountain Division , about it .
After all , part of Highway 1 runs through his area of operations .
What did he think about security companies paying off insurgents ?
" The American soldier in me is repulsed by it , " he said in an interview in his office at forward operating base Shank in Logar province .
" But I know that it is what it is : essentially paying the enemy , saying , ' Hey , do n't hassle me . '
I do n't like it , but it is what it is . "
As a military official in Kabul explained contracting in Afghanistan overall , " We understand that across the board , 10 - 20 % goes to the insurgents .
My intel [ intelligence ] guy would say it is closer to 10 % .
Generally , it is happening in logistics . "
In a statement about host nation trucking , the US army 's chief public affairs officer in Afghanistan , Colonel Wayne Shanks , says international forces are " aware of allegations that procurement funds may find their way into the hands of insurgent groups , but we do not directly support or condone this activity , if it is occurring " .
He adds that , in spite of oversight , " the relationships between contractors and their subcontractors , as well as between subcontractors and others in their operational communities , are not entirely transparent " .
In any case , the main issue is not that the US military is turning a blind eye to the problem .
Many officials acknowledge what is going on while also expressing a deep disquiet about the situation .
The trouble is that – as with so much in Afghanistan – the United States does n't seem to know how to fix it .
This is an edited version of an article that appears in the current edition of the Nation magazine
What more evidence do you need than this ?
From the White House blog this week :
Nine months ago , the White House sent the nominee for GSA Administrator , Martha Johnson , to the Senate for its consideration .
Today , she was finally given a vote and was overwhelmingly approved by a margin of 94 - 2 [ Update : make that 96 - 0 after the remaining two switched their votes ] .
What happened in between was a perfect example of why Americans are so frustrated with Washington .
[…]
What ’s worse , Martha Johnson is hardly the first nominee to fall victim to this trend of opposition for opposition ’s sake .
Nine of the President ’s nominees found themselves stuck in this same situation only to be confirmed by 70 or more votes or a voice vote .
They held up this woman ’s nomination for nine months .
NINE MONTHS .
Then every single one of them voted for her .
This should be on the front page of every goddam newspaper in the country .
It ’s clearly an intentional decision to do everything possible to make the federal government not able to do its job so that they can point to it during the elections and say , “ See ?
The government does n’t work ! ”
The Dems better be on the other side saying , “ See ?
They wo n’t let the government work .
As Dan Pfeiffer at the White House blog puts it :
This is n’t just about one person filling one job – it hampers our ability reform the way government works and save taxpayer dollars by making it more efficient and effective .
Meanwhile , Senator Shelby , can we please approve those nominees you blocked to be the top Intelligence officers at the State Department and the Department of Homeland Security as well as the number three civilian at the Pentagon ?
Because this is our national security we ’re talking about now .
I ’m just sayin ’ …
In every way , Mr Brown ’s boast was fantasy .
There is no way we could hope to install two giant £ 4 million offshore turbines every day between now and 2020 , let alone that they could meet more than a fraction of our electricity needs .
But the cost of whatever does get built will be paid by all of us through our already soaring electricity bills – which a new study last week predicted will quadruple during this decade to an average of £ 5,000 a year .
This would drive well over half the households in Britain into “ fuel poverty ” , defined as those forced to spend more than 10 per cent of their income on energy .
A Border Guard officer and an Israel Defense Forces soldier on Wednesday were lightly injured from stones hurled at them by a group of young settlers from the West Bank settlement of Yitzhar .
One of the soldiers needed medical treatment and was evacuated to Rabin Medical Center in Petah Tikva .
IDF was holding an exercise against terror attacks at the settlement that also included members of the local patrol unit .
During the exercise , a group of some 30 youngsters aged 16 - 17 , some masked , approached the force and blocked their way out of the area .
The settlers hurled stones and light bulbs filled with paint at the soldiers , torched tires and also punctured the tires of two military vehicles .
The perpetrators then shut the electric gate to prevent it from opening .
The security establishment expressed anger following the incident and said , " This is a disgraceful act and a proof of inadequacy for the local residents . "
Local sources added , " IDF came here to hold a drill and this is the thanks they get .
It 's simply shameful . "
The assault Wednesday follows last week 's incident in which a vehicle carrying two high - ranking army officials was pelted with paint cans and stones after handing out construction freeze orders in the area .
The assailants fled the scene before any arrests could be made .
The IDF has admitted that the incident was a serious attack on IDF forces .
Police were investigating whether a tire on one of the vehicles was punctured , and said the army filed a report of the incident only the next day .
Yesha Council Chairman Danny Dayan said , " I view the stone throwing at IDF soldier in Yitzhar as extremely severe .
This behavior is unacceptable and completely contradicts the Judea and Samaria settlement 's way .
Dayan added , " We must show zero tolerance to such phenomena .
Even if the conduct lead to a misunderstanding as to the mission , this does not justify violence against the soldiers . "
People have wondered for years what Google might be up to with all that dark fiber it had bought up around the country .
Now , we may have an answer : delivery of open - access , fiber - to - the - home Internet service at speeds of 1 Gbps .
That 's right : 1 Gbps .
Google has just announced a trial run of its new scheme , and it 's asking city , county , or state officials to let it know if they 're interested in a pilot project .
In its initial phase , the fiber optic network will serve anywhere from 50,000 to 500,000 people .
As for the speeds , they make cable 's DOCSIS 3.0 and Verizon 's FiOS look like also - rans .
Google promises 1 Gbps home connections , which have previously been the province of boutique builders like Paxio in San Francisco .
The goal is to use the system as a high - speed testbed for next generation apps and deployment techniques .
" We want to see what developers and users can do with ultra high - speeds , whether it 's creating new bandwidth - intensive ' killer apps ' and services , or other uses we can't yet imagine , " said Google 's announcement .
" We 'll test new ways to build fiber networks ; to help inform , and support deployments elsewhere , we 'll share key lessons learned with the world . "
Perhaps the best part of the announcement was the " open access " bit .
Other countries like the UK ( through OpenReach ) and Australia are working on fiber networks that will be maintained by one entity , but open to all ISPs .
" We 'll operate an ' open access ' network , " said Google , " giving users the choice of multiple service providers .
And consistent with our past advocacy , we 'll manage our network in an open , nondiscriminatory , and transparent way . "
It 's hard to know how far the company plans to take this .
Running a national fiber backbone is one thing ; getting out in the streets , digging trenches , and wiring homes is another .
As Verizon 's FiOS project has shown , stringing fiber to the home can be hugely expensive .
Google stresses that this is an experiment , and it may simply be used as a proof - of - concept and a data - gathering project .
Still , it can't help but put at least mild pressure on other ISPs .
Once people recognize that 1 Gbps are available in the real world today at a " competitive price " ( Google 's words ) , they 're going to take a look at their own speed / price tier and start asking some hard questions .
Sascha Meinrath of the New America Foundation praised the plan , and said that Google 's actions showed the soon - to - be- released National Broadband Plan needs to think big .
" The Recovery Act committed $ 7.2 billion in broadband investment defining high - speed access at most 5 Mbps , while Australia is investing $ 31 billion in an 100 M bps effort .
When you break it down per capita , Australia is outspending the US 60 to 1 .
Google is sending a shot across the bow — we need to set far higher standards here in the United States .
Our national broadband plan must take this into account and our leadership needs to stop shying away from the challenge . "
If you 're a government official or an interested citizen , you can put your community on Google 's list by signing up online by March 26 .
This Friday brings the first episode of Battlestar Galactica spinoff Caprica , a noir - scifi drama set on the planet Caprica 58 years before the cylons nuke it into oblivion .
Based on the pilot , we think this series could become a classic .
Advertisement
Of course there are many reasons Caprica might fail , not the least of which would be poor audience ratings .
Many fans of BSG are still smarting from that series ' disappointing conclusion , and are predicting that Caprica might take an abrupt nosedive into lameness .
But the current facts are these : Caprica is a completely different series , and based on what we 've seen so far , it is the coolest new SF show on the air .
Here are five reasons why .
1. Intriguing , thoughtful worldbuilding
As I wrote a couple of weeks ago , the worldbuilding that went into creating Caprica City and the culture of Caprica is simply superb .
We 're introduced to a culture where paganism is mainstream and sexual mores are extremely liberal , but immigrants still suffer discrimination and monotheists are outcasts .
Unlike most SF shows , where worldbuilding is often something like " everything is the same except the technology is better , " Caprica challenges us to imagine a society radically different from our own .
Also , the concept design of the city - which was shown off to great effect in the broadcast version of the pilot - is breathtaking .
The futuristic technology is n't bad either .
Advertisement
2. A " birth of AI " story that feels original
A lot of contemporary science fiction , from the Terminator franchise to Star Trek : The Next Generation , deals with what happens when we finally create AI .
Will it rise up and destroy us ala Skynet or will it nerdily attempt to fit into human society ala Data ?
We 've seen dozens of vengeful bots and dorky AIs , but a virtual religious zealot computer genius teen trapped inside the body of a killing machine made by her manipulative zillionaire father ?
Not only is the premise fresh , but so are a lot of the emotional and ethical issues it stirs up .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
3 . The Adama family
Rarely has a family unit in science fiction been as interesting as the Adamas seem to be in Caprica .
Trapped between two cultures , straddling the line between criminality and respectability , Joseph Adama is a character who has problems I want to know more about .
Plus his brother Sam , a smalltime gangster with a heart of gold , is another guy I want to know better .
I 'm sold on the idea of gangsters on another planet .
4. Excellent acting
With Essai Morales and Eric Stolz as our leads Joseph Adama and Daniel Graystone , it goes without saying that the acting in this show is going to rock .
( There was also a lot of terrific acting in BSG , so Caprica maintains the quality of this aspect of the franchise . )
Sasha Roiz as Sam Adama is already terrific , as is Magda Apanowicz as Zoe Graystone 's friend Lacy .
Alessandra Torresani is probably the weakest link as Zoe - she 's a little one - note - but she could improve over time .
Given that this show hinges on personal drama as well as epic SF storytelling , it 's crucial that the leads be able to show us subtle emotion and conflict - and damn , they are delivering .
In the pilot , Stolz does a perfect job embodying a guy who is incredibly manipulative while also being sincere .
Advertisement
5. Drama that depends on science fictional plot points , but is n't completely focused on them
I already suggested that drama is one of this show 's strong points .
One of the ways Caprica has already become a standout this season is that it manages to give us human drama of the sort we might expect on The Wire , while also never losing sight of the fact that its plot arc is centered on something basically science fictional .
This is a series about how two new technologies - the holoband and the cylon - come together to create artificial life .
And much of the human drama hinges on these technologies as well .
In other words , this is fiction fueled by drama and science , which is a rare and awesome thing .
Who knows where the show will wind up , but for these reasons alone I think it 's worth tuning in Friday for the first episode .
The latest round of negotiations over the Anti Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA — a secret treaty that contains provisions requiring nations to wiretap the Internet , force ISPs to spy on users , search laptops at the border , and disconnect whole households from the net on the basis of mere accusation of copyright infringement ) is just kicking off in Mexico , and activists from around Mexico and the world have converged on the meeting to demand transparent , public negotiations of this critical treaty .
True to the secretive , crony - capitalist nature of this treaty , the organizers have done everything they can to harass and intimidate observers .
Attendees at the so - called " public meeting " were booed by representatives from big business , and they ejected an activist for using Twitter to post updates on what was being said in the room .
There was even an effort to force members of the public who attended the meeting to sign non-disclosure agreements , though outrage forced them to reconsider .
This is not how the world makes its copyright laws .
In years gone by , copyright treaties were made by the UN , in full sight of NGOs , the public and the press .
Now that copyright touches everything we do on the Internet — from political organizing to health care to basic education and communication — we need more transparency and due process , not a retreat to smoke - filled rooms where lobbyists from privileged industry groups do an end - run around democratic process .
REPTILIA : crónica de la reunión en el IMPI por Geraldine Juárez
ACTA – consulta del IMPI en México
( Thanks , Geraldine and Paolo ! )
( Image : 2 propuestas para el # Twitter Showcase 24 # ACTA #openACTA , a Creative Commons Attribution image from N3T1O ™'s photostream )
Public power is coming to Marin County , unless Pacific Gas and Electric Co. can block it in the courts or at the ballot box .
On Thursday night , Marin 's fledgling public power agency , the Marin Energy Authority , set its rates and picked a company to buy electricity wholesale for many of the county 's residents .
Although some residents have worried about the program 's possible costs , the authority could start selling power to its first customers by May .
If that happens , Marin County would become California 's first to adopt a new form of public power called " community choice aggregation , " using a law written in the wake of the state 's energy crisis .
Under community choice aggregation , cities and counties can buy electricity for their residents , while traditional utilities continue to own and operate the power grid .
San Francisco is n't far behind Marin , pushing forward on its own community choice plan .
Other towns and counties are likely to follow , drawn by the promise of greater local control over electricity rates .
In places such as San Francisco and Marin County , advocates also want to control - and increase - the amount of renewable power they use .
" We 're stepping up and answering the call of , ' What are we going to do about climate change ? ' " said San Francisco Supervisor Ross Mirkarimi .
" Everyone talks a good game , but we 're right in there , working on the nuts and bolts to make this happen . "
But PG&E wo n't make leaving easy .
The utility , California 's largest , has a long , successful history of blocking efforts by cities to go into the public power business or join another utility .
Although PG&E originally supported the law that created community choice aggregation , it is now backing an initiative for the June ballot that would make setting up such systems much harder .
Delivery lines
Marin Energy
Authority officials say PG&E , based in San Francisco , has threatened not to deliver electricity to the authority over PG&E 's power lines - an act the authority considers illegal .
The utility also has threatened to sue the authority , demanding that it perform a full environmental impact report before starting operations , said Marin County Supervisor Charles McGlashan .
" That would be the rope they 'd use to hogtie us until June , when they can kill us with the ballot measure , " said McGlashan , who also serves as the energy authority 's chairman .
The measure would force local governments that want to compete with PG&E to win the approval of two - thirds of their voters first .
PG&E spokeswoman Katie Romans said that for now , the utility will concentrate on persuading its customers in Marin County to stick with the company .
The authority is a joint - powers agency formed by the county and all of its cities except Corte Madera , Larkspur , Novato and Ross .
Starting next week , the energy authority will mail notices to residents , telling them that they can opt out of the new system if they would rather stay with PG&E .
The company plans its own outreach campaign , urging its customers not to leave .
" We 're just staying the course , " Romans said .
" We 're going to continue to communicate with our customers about the risks of the plan . "
PG&E 's argument
PG&E maintains that power prices could rise under the new system , although the utility has already asked state regulators for permission to raise its own rates next year .
Under the Marin Energy Authority 's rates set on Thursday , most residents will pay the same amount for electricity , month by month , as they do with PG&E .
Residents who want 100 percent of their electricity to come from renewable sources will pay an extra $ 3 to $ 6 per month .
Not all Marin County residents and officials have welcomed the public power plan .
In December , the county 's civil grand jury issued a report called " Marin Clean Energy : Pull the Plug , " arguing that the effort 's costs were too uncertain .
Some residents have complained that the local power effort is n't local enough :
The authority has hired Shell Energy North America , a subsidiary of an international oil company , to do most of the actual work .
Show full PR text
AT&T Launches Major Initiative to Bring ' Apps to All '
Company Also Plans to Launch Five Android - Based Devices in First Half of 2010
Las Vegas , Nevada , January 6 , 2010
newsrelease
AT&T today announced plans to launch five new devices from Dell , HTC and Motorola based on the Android platform .
The company also announced a major initiative to expand the universe of mobile applications beyond smartphones to more mobile phones – and spur future app development for emerging consumer electronics devices , its U - verse TV platform , and enterprise and small business workplaces .
At the 4th annual AT&T Developer Summit in Las Vegas , executives outlined details including :
* New devices that will give customers the most robust choices of major operating systems ( OS ) , including Android™ , in the U.S .
* A goal to offer all major smartphone OS app stores
* An agreement with Qualcomm to standardize apps development for mid-range Quick Messaging Devices using BREW Mobile Platform .
These devices are used by millions of customers who historically have not had the same convenient access as smartphone customers to the market 's hottest apps
* A new AT&T SDK ( software developer kit ) to help developers immediately begin to develop apps for these devices
* A significantly enhanced developer program and new relationships with global carriers that are intended to make it easier for developers to distribute apps in markets outside the U.S .
* Future initiatives to enable developers to create more apps for AT&T's U - verse TV , emerging consumer electronics devices , and businesses
* A new AT&T Virtual Innovation Lab and two new Innovation Centers , which will help developers and spur apps development
" Applications help consumers realize the full value and benefits of mobile broadband networks , services and devices , " said Ralph de la Vega , president and CEO , AT&T Mobility and Consumer Markets .
" Today some AT&T customers can take advantage of more than 100,000 apps – but only if they have the right handset .
Our goal is to bring more apps to millions more of our customers who want convenient access to the market 's hottest apps .
At the same time , in the future , we plan to go well beyond mobile devices to spur apps development . "
In addition to ultimately giving more customers more choices of applications , the long - term strategic initiatives announced today will make it easier for developers to cost effectively create applications and reach broader audiences , and help AT&T drive data revenues .
Extend Smartphone Leadership
AT&T will further its leadership in smartphones with the planned launch of five new devices from Dell , HTC and Motorola based on the Android platform .
Those devices , which are scheduled to be available during the first half of 2010 , include :
* A Motorola smartphone , powered by MOTOBLUR , with a unique form factor and an AT&T exclusive
* Dell 's first smartphone , based on the Android platform and an AT&T exclusive
* A HTC smartphone , based on the Android platform , and an AT&T exclusive
AT&T customers with these devices will benefit not only from the nation 's fastest 3G network but also the ability to simultaneously talk on the phone while surfing the Web or reading email .
Customers can sign up for email notifications as more details are available at www.att.com/android.
In addition , AT&T announced its goal to lead the industry in application choices for smartphone customers by offering all major app stores .
It will preload the corresponding store for each device -- giving customers convenient access to thousands of apps optimized for their smartphone .
Today , AT&T added to existing agreements with Nokia for Ovi store and Microsoft for Windows Marketplace by announcing an agreement for Android Market .
It expects to announce more app store agreements in the near future and will offer carrier billing as an easy and convenient payment option for as many stores as possible .
' Apps for All ' by Standardizing Apps Development with Brew Mobile Platform
De la Vega also announced a significant new agreement with Qualcomm to standardize apps development by adopting BREW Mobile Platform .
With this agreement , AT&T intends to make BREW Mobile Platform its primary operating system platform for Quick Messaging Devices , one of the company 's fastest growing categories of devices .
AT&T customers with these devices historically have n't had the same convenient access as AT&T smartphone customers to thousands of compelling , new applications .
Since AT&T launched its pioneering line - up of Quick Messaging Devices in fall 2008 , about 30 percent of the company 's postpaid customers who are new or upgrading have purchased this type of device .
AT&T is committed to spurring innovation and apps development for the millions of customers in this category .
Quick Messaging Devices are integrated devices that are value priced and texting centric ; they have full QWERTY keyboards , either physical or virtual , and , since this past fall , full Web browsing capabilities .
Customers with these devices are more likely to demand apps , subscribe to messaging and data plans , and are a large potential market for application developers , according to AT&T research .
AT&T Chief Marketing Officer David Christopher announced plans to begin rolling out Quick Messaging Devices with BREW Mobile Platform in the second half of the year , so that by year end 2011 , about 90 percent of AT&T 's devices in this segment are planned to be based on BREW Mobile Platform .
AT&T announced that Samsung will be its first device maker to launch a Quick Messaging Device featuring BREW Mobile Platform .
HTC , LG and Pantech also are building devices featuring BREW Mobile Platform for planned availability in late 2010 or early 2011 .
" Today , developers must essentially rebuild apps for different handsets and operating systems , increasing their costs , slowing the pace of innovation and stalling the delivery of mobile apps to customers , " Christopher said .
" We want to tear down the barriers and make it much easier for developers to reach our customers – and for our customers to access apps .
Moving to one platform for this fast growing segment of devices will help developers reach millions more customers who want easy access to the hottest mobile apps . "
To help developers jumpstart apps development for AT&T's BREW Mobile Platform devices , Christopher announced a new AT&T SDK which features support for BREW Mobile Platform , continued support for Java and widgets , and includes tools to help developers tap into AT&T network capabilities as they design and code their applications .
The new AT&T SDK is available starting today at sdk.developer.att.com .
Taking the AT&T Developer Program to the Next Level
AT&T has a longstanding commitment to the developer community .
It was among the first major carriers to offer a developer program and has been rated the top carrier development program for the past three years by Evans Data .
Today , AT&T executives also announced plans , including some launch schedules , for a series of new or enhanced developer resources including :
Technical support for developers via live chat -- something no other carrier , operating system provider or handset maker offers today – and a tripling of overall tech support by mid-2010 .
* Revenue share featuring a standardized 70/30 split for third - party developers in the AT&T App Center .
* AT&T Sandbox , a virtual network environment for developers to test and evaluate applications , which is planned to be available in 2Q 2010 .
* AT&T Developer Dashboard , a tool that will let developers track the status of their app once submitted to AT&T , support digital signing of business agreements with AT&T , allow developers to set prices for their apps , and provide performance metrics and customer satisfaction feedback .
The dashboard is available now for enterprise application developers and the certification of emerging devices .
And for AT&T 's consumer development community , the dashboard will also provide needed automation which is planned for the first quarter of 2010 .
* New marketing and referral relationships announced today between AT&T and other global carriers using GSM , the de facto world standard for wireless technology .
The companies intend to create streamlined processes that help developers make their applications available to their combined base of hundreds of millions of customers .
* AT&T Developer Council , an advisory group hosted by AT&T and made up of leading development and technology companies and other influencers , such as EA Games , Telenav and Bonfire Media .
AT&T also announced a trial program with WaveMarket to make network location information accessible through Veriplace , WaveMarket 's cloud location aggregation platform currently in use by more than 1,000 developers .
Veriplace allows SMS , Web , WAP and IVR developers to develop location - aware apps and services across device categories and participating carriers .
The trial program will launch in the coming weeks .
AT&T Chief Technology Officer John Donovan also said that a new AT&T Virtual Innovation Lab will open in Atlanta in the second quarter to provide developer support for speech , location and messaging APIs ( application programming interfaces ) .
In addition , two new Innovation Centers , one in the East and one in the West , are planned for late 2010 to provide 3G and 4G RF ( radio frequency ) development support , testing and demos .
The largest U.S. bill currently in circulation is $ 100 , but Police in Malaysia say a Lebanese man named Elie Youssef Najem tried to pull a fast one , when he tipped a hotel worker with $ 500 bill .
The 50 - year - old , self - proclaimed billionaire , was allegedly in possession of $ 66 million in counterfeit currency — stacks of $ 1 million , $ 100,000 and $ 500 bills .
The authorities were tipped off by the hotel staff after the hotel worker he tipped tried to convert the bill into local currency .
Police arrested Najem and charged him with possession of counterfeit money .
If found guilty he could face up to 10 years in jail .
The U.S. Treasury Department says that $ 500 bills were last printed in 1945 , but are no longer in circulation .
Seems it 's redesign day here at the Horizons blog .
Facebook updated its layout .
Publishers demanded Amazon raise its prices .
Heck ,
Heinz changed its classic ketchup packets for the first time since 1968 .
Now , the board game Monopoly has followed suit .
In honor of the game 's 75th anniversary , Hasbro unveiled a brand new board and digital interface for the classic tycoon playground .
The special " Revolution Edition " will be available in the fall and pack several surprises .
First , the world is round .
As your imaginary real - estate mogul learns the ups and downs of capitalism , you 'll romp around a ring - shaped board .
Hasbro ditched the four - corners look for a pizza - like circle .
The stops on this journey are the same , but each location now comes as a radial wedge .
Houses and hotels basically match older versions , but the game replaced its pewter character pieces with plastic tokens .
Farewell , little doggy , shoe , and top hat .
Second , no more paper bills .
Monopoly 's trademark funny money has gone digital .
A computer banker sits in the center of the " Revolution " board .
Players spread the money around by using novelty debit cards .
Good news for parents :
No more picking up colored bills all over the house .
Bad news for older siblings :
No more sneaking extra cash under the table .
Some special editions of Monopoly already come with faux ATMs – it's only a matter of time before kids figure out new ways to " game " the system .
Third , inflation hit Monopoly - ville .
As you pass Go , you do not collect $ 200 .
Instead , you earn $ 2 million .
Hasbro says all of the prices have been jacked up to better represent today 's financial market .
Finally , the sound of money .
As in good movies , music will punctuate the action .
Clips of pop songs , such as Rihanna ’s " Umbrella , " Daniel Powter ’s " Bad Day , " and Beyonce 's " Crazy in Love , " will ring out during the game .
---
Like the new edition ?
Disappointed ?
What would you add to Monopoly ?
Let the world know in the comments section below , and learn more about tech culture through our Twitter feed .
The “ new project ” Bandai recently announced has been confirmed as being a full anime project promising a “ new birth , ” much to the delight of the many fans of the series .
Tempering fan enthusiasm is uncertainty over the release schedule ( it is not clear whether it will actually be released in 2010 ) , and more importantly over the direction the story is likely to take considering the conclusive events of the anime .
Fans ponder whether the project will take the form of an Evangelion - style alternative remake , a purely character - based spinoff , or another narrative somehow fitting into the events of the original , or even rewriting it .
Admissions during ' interview ' with fellow wingnut Hugh Hewitt hang the arrest of James O'Keefe around Breitbart 's own neck
Derails years of his own propaganda attacks on ACORN ...
Brad Friedman Byon 1/27/2010 , 12:56 pm PT
So if ACORN itself is " guilty " for something or other , based on what some of their employees did , what does that make rightwing faux " journalist " and Matt Drudge poodle Andrew Breitbart , who has now admitted that accused felon James O'Keefe worked for him ?
In a rather embarrassing " interview " ( really a staged dog and pony show , ostensibly meant to try and help Breitbart out of his apparent jam of being found to have been ' palling around with federal felons ' ) conducted by rightwing propagandist Hugh Hewitt yesterday on the public 's airwaves following O'Keefe 's arrest in an alleged scheme to tamper with the phones of a U.S. Senator , Breitbart admitted that he " paid a fair salary " to the alleged felon .
After Hewitt asked , " so he is an employee ? "
Breitbart impossibly demurred : " I 'm not sure that 's technically the thing , but yes , he 's paid for his life rights . "
Mmmm-kay .
Having trouble seeing the distinction there .
Nonetheless , what 's clear is that Breitbart pays O'Keefe for his work , whatever the hell that " work " is .
But wait , this gets far more ridiculous as these two knuckleheads proceed to blow away years of their very own propaganda .
In further comments , overlooked for the most part by others so far , made by Breitbart and Hewitt in that " interview , " they succeed in moving this entire affair from the utterly ridiculous to the laughably absurd ...
You 'll recall The BRAD BLOG 's years of reporting on the GOP 's fraudulent scam to accuse the community group ACORN --- which has legally registered millions of low and middle - income Americans to vote over the years --- of committing some sort of " voter fraud , " for which they 've never actually been charged in any state or any court of law that we know of .
Moreover , we are unaware of even an an iota of evidence that demonstrates that the group or any of their employees , or anyone who has ever been registered by one of their employees , has committed the crime vis a vis that registration .
Some of their workers , a tiny handful of their more than 13,000 employees , have been charged with committing " voter registration fraud " after being turned in by ACORN officials themselves , after the community group discovered the employees had defrauded them in light of the " fair salary " they were paid to legally help sign up new voters .
For all of that work legally registering voters and turning in those who did n't to law enforcement , ACORN became the target of the GOP and their wingnut operatives , since so many low and middle - income voters tend to vote Democratic instead of Republican for some odd reason .
All of which , in an orgy of partisan political ejaculum , led to Breitbart 's release of highly - doctored video tapes made by O'Keefe , alleged to have been illegally procured in at least two states .
The tapes themselves reveal ACORN employees breaking no federal laws that we 're aware of , at least according to two separate independent reports .
Nonetheless , the tapes --- and the publicity they received from the operative Breitbart and his chums on Fox " News " and wingnut talk radio --- helped lead to a cowardly act passed by Congress to defund the group with a bill that is , according to a federal judge , as Ernest Canning reminds us today , " probably unconstitutional " .
Even if we stipulate that Breitbart was not paying O'Keefe to break the law , its clear that ACORN was not paying its workers to break the law either --- at least no evidence exists to demonstrate otherwise .
And yet , ACORN has long been charged by Breitbart , and Hewitt himself ( a long - time leader in the GOP 's phony " Democrats are committing massive voter fraud through ACORN ! " movement ) , as being a " criminal organization " for having employed those workers who did break federal law by committing voter registration fraud in order to continue receiving their " fair salary . "
So , again , if ACORN is " guilty " for all of that , what does that make Breitbart ?
But as if all of that was n't ironic enough , Hewitt 's " interview " with Breitbart concludes this way , with an exchange so full of incredible irony that we are left gasping for air and without words to properly respond to it :
HEWITT : ... Lots of people work for lots of corporations , and do dumb and sometimes illegal things that are not within the scope of their employment .
And this was not within the scope of his employment . : ... Lots of people work for lots of corporations , and do dumb and sometimes illegal things that are not within the scope of their employment .
And this was not within the scope of his employment .
BREITBART : Yes , absolutely .
That is absolutely the case .
HEWITT : Andrew Breitbart , thanks for checking in with us .
I appreciate that .
Get that ?
Read it again if necessary .
And then , if necessary , read this entire article from the top again if there remains any question of the absurdity of the entire situation , and the utter disingenuousness of Breitbart and Hewitt in that exchange .
So were they full of shit before , when they spent years demonizing ACORN as a " criminal organization " based on scant evidence of petty crimes committed by a handful of workers ( none of which was actually revealed in those videos , as we noted ) , or are they full of shit now ?
If Breitbart should not be condemned , since " Lots of people work for lots of corporations , and do dumb and sometimes illegal things that are not within the scope of their employment , " even though one of his employees has now been charged with a federal felony related to attempts to bug the office of U.S. Senator , how is it that Breitbart and Hewitt would seem to have no problem standing by their condemnation of ACORN for the " dumb and sometimes illegal things " that some of their employees did ?
Yes , it defies logic .
But we 're dealing with hard rightwing , dyed - in - the - wool , political operatives , con-men and scam artists here .
Not actual journalists , or even respectable political commentators .
And just to make matters even more absurd , for those tea baggers and wingnuts whose eyes may be opening to the scam in which they 've been played perfect dupes and rubes for so many years , in addition to the federal crimes alleged to have been committed by O'Keefe and his fellow conspirators at this point , there are at least two other notable federal criminals that folks like Breitbart and Hewitt have n't told you about , but about whom you should be aware :
1 ) Mark Anthony Jacoby , the head of the firm hired by the CA GOP to run their voter registration operation across the state in 2008 , was arrested just before the general election that year , and later pled guilty to voter registration fraud himself .
His company , Young Political Majors ( YPM ) , was also accused of having fraudulently changed thousands of voter registrations from Democratic to Republican without the knowledge of the voters whose registrations were changed ( and who were therefore disenfranchised if they happened to try and vote in the ' 08 Democratic primary election ) .
Since Fox " News " had failed to report on Jacoby and YPM , even amidst their orgy of " reportage " on " voter fraud " crimes not committed by ACORN , I was forced to report it myself on Fox .
2 ) Republican superstar propagandist Ann Coulter committed two third - degree federal felonies and one first - degree misdemeanor related to her own act of actual voter fraud in the state of Florida in 2006 .
Various political , and possibly illegal , maneuvers by her former - Bush attorney and former FBI - boyfriend resulted in running out the statute of limitations clock before she could be officially charged , but documents long - posted by The BRAD BLOG reveal beyond a shadow of a doubt that she committed those crimes --- and ultimately got away with them .
She also , however , still faces complaints for having committed voter fraud in the state of Connecticut , where there is no statute of limitations for the crimes , prior to moving to Florida .
Those complaints are still pending .
* * *
UPDATE 1/28/10 : Breitbart goes on MSNBC , blows himself up .
Again .
Details , video now here ...
UPDATE 2/15/10 : Flip - flop .
Breitbart tells Internet radio show , O'Keefe " technically not salaried " .
Details now here ...
* * *
The BRAD BLOG covers your electoral system fiercely and independently , like no other media outlet in the nation .
Please support our work with a donation to help us keep going ( Snail mail , more options here ) .
If you like , we 'll send you some great , award - winning election integrity documentary films in return !
Details right here ...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
An 84 - year - old woman has been rescued after spending 10 days under rubble following the Haiti quake .
Doctors say the woman has multiple wounds and her condition is grave , but are doing all they can to save her .
And an Israeli search team reported that it had pulled a 22 - year - old man alive from the rubble .
He is said to be in a stable condition .
The rescues came as the official government death toll from the earthquake rose to 110,000 .
UN spokeswoman Elizabeth Byrs said some rescue teams were leaving , as they were exhausted and there was now little hope of finding more people alive under the rubble .
Those that remained were " concentrating more and more on humanitarian aid for those who need it " , she said .
A benefit concert featuring more than 100 music and Hollywood stars has been broadcast around the world to raise money for the victims of the earthquake .
Security fears
In Port - au - Prince , life is slowly returning to normal , with shops opening and buses running - although many residents are continuing to leave the devastated capital .
AT THE SCENE Christian Fraser , BBC News , Jacmel Jacmel , a former colonial coffee town , is desperate for help .
Perhaps one in three buildings in the old town now lies in ruins - more than 100 years of history , shattered in a few catastrophic seconds .
At the Saint Michele hospital the patients are lying in the garden , baking in the heat , without enough doctors to help .
The hospital buildings are too unstable to use .
In the operating theatre , nurses swat flies as the surgeons do what they can .
Outside , the injured scream for painkillers .
Fortitude in the face of disaster On Thursday , the government announced plans to send 400,000 people to tented cities in the countryside , to try to halt the spread of disease in the makeshift settlements that have sprung up in the capital .
Construction for the temporary centres has already started , the Associated Press news agency says , but it is unclear when they will be populated .
Aid officials say about 200,000 people have already left the city , many to stay with relatives in other parts of the country .
The 84 - year - old woman survivor , rescued on Friday after 10 days in the rubble , is being treated by doctors at the main city hospital with intravenous fluids and drugs .
" I 'm trying to find out how I can help her survive , " Dr Ernest Benjamin told AFP news agency .
" It 's worth everything to try to save her . "
Her son told the agency he had heard her cries on Thursday morning and , almost a day later , he dug her out with the help of friends .
Some 122 people have been saved by international search and rescue teams , according to the US government .
At least 75,000 bodies have so far been buried in mass graves , Haiti 's government has said .
Many more remain uncollected in the streets .
An estimated 1.5 million people were left homeless by the 7.0 - magnitude quake , which some have estimated has killed as many as 200,000 people .
Robbing and looting Security fears remain in the capital , with local police chief Insp Aristide Rosemont appealing for help to tackle criminals who escaped when the earthquake wrecked the main jail .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He told the BBC a large number of gangs had begun robbing and looting in the Cite Soleil slum area since the prison escape .
But despite problems in Cite Soleil , UN officials say the capital is largely calm , with only sporadic violence .
About 5,000 prisoners broke out of the capital 's main jail after the walls collapsed , some of them hardened offenders belonging to violent criminal gangs .
Haitians need to be there to help rebuild their country , this is not an opportunity for migration
Janet Napolitano
US Homeland Security Secretary
Stars come out for Haiti benefit
In pictures : Haiti relief effort US
Navy shows sensitive side
What is delaying aid ?
Some Haitians have tried to flee abroad , but US Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano warned Haitians not to use the earthquake as an excuse to try to enter the US illegally .
She said anyone caught trying to do so would be repatriated .
" Haitians need to be there to help rebuild their country , this is not an opportunity for migration , " she said .
Meanwhile , efforts to rebuild Haiti's main seaport - seen as vital to the international aid effort - are being stepped up .
The US and the UN World Food Programme insist the distribution of food and water is well under way , but BBC correspondents in Port - au - Prince say many people have still seen no international aid at all .
At least 500,000 people are currently living outdoors in 447 improvised camps in Port - au - Prince , according to the International Organisation for Migration ( IOM ) , with limited shelter and access to water .
Western countries were hoping to boost donations for the aid effort with a multi-network telethon .
Hope for Haiti Now , broadcast from New York , London , Los Angeles and Haiti , featured Madonna , Bruce Springsteen , Beyonce and other major artists .
The concert was shown on all major US TV channels , MTV in the UK and worldwide on YouTube .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON  After about two dozen years in Congress , Representative Billy Tauzin of Louisiana was after bigger game  the giant , 200 - pound whitetail deer that run through the area of south Texas that hunters call the Golden Triangle .
So in 2003 Mr. Tauzin , then chairman of the powerful energy and commerce committee , made a deal .
Though still on a modest Congressional salary , he paid more than $ 1 million for a 1,500 - acre ranch there .
And he invited a dozen friends  mostly executives and lobbyists with interests before his committee  to cover its mortgage by paying him dues as members of a new hunting club .
It did business as Cajun Creek L.L.C. , based in the Baton Rouge office of a lobbyist who was a member .
Now , seven years later , Mr. Tauzin ’s friends say , it is to his Texas ranch that Mr. Tauzin , 66 , will retreat , to contemplate the apparent collapse of the grandest in a career of fearless deals  a pact to trade the drug industry ’s political support for favorable terms under President Obama ’s proposed health care overhaul .
Mr. Tauzin is leaving his $ 2 million - a- year job as the top lobbyist for the drug industry amid complaints from drug makers that he bargained away their profits too cheaply , spent too much in his $ 150 million advertising campaign to sell the overhaul and miscalculated in his assessment that the passage of the legislation was all but inevitable .
We are quickly coming to the close of a decade .
One that began with the great Y2 K scare and ends with yet another end - of - the - world doomsday prediction , 2012 .
Some things never change .
But that is n’t the point of this blog post .
We ’ve just ended two decades of widespread public Internet usage .
The Internet is one area that has been anything but stagnant over the last two decades .
The Internet has experienced exponential changes these last twenty years .
Going all the way back to the early ’90s , it ’s obvious the Internet has come a long way …
The 1990s
The 90s began without much awareness of the Internet .
The Internet was an elusive entity known only to the military , university researchers , and uber - geeks .
By the end of the 1990s the Internet was proliferating itself everywhere .
1990 – 1992
Most people my age were just finishing up high school .
The closest thing I had to an Internet was my Apple ] [e and local bulletin boards .
And my 9600 baud modem was considered fast !
We played a lot of Zork and Hitchhiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy from 5.25 inch floppy discs that made a lot of crunching noises inside the drive .
I had a shirt that read “ Do n’t overload your computer , you might slip a disk ! ”
Wow .
Most people my age were just finishing up high school .
The closest thing I had to an Internet was my Apple ] [e and local bulletin boards .
And my 9600 baud modem was considered fast !
We played a lot of Zork and Hitchhiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy from 5.25 inch floppy discs that made a lot of crunching noises inside the drive .
I had a shirt that read “ Do n’t overload your computer , you might slip a disk ! ” Wow .
1993 – 1995
What ’s this e-mail thing ?
At the university I attended there were rumours you could talk to your friends via electronic correspondence .
I had to convince my speech professor that I needed an e-mail address for research .
I actually had to get a signature to get a shell account ( which I still have , btw ) .
E-mail and telnet access to the university servers opened up a whole new world .
Not only did I discover the dingiest and dankest basements filled with dumb terminals , I found MUDs where I could meet up with colleagues at the virtual pub , even when they were physically sitting right beside me .
And when the basement computer labs were full I could always find a computer in the library with Gopher , whose infinite subdirectories yielded telnet links to the university servers if you were willing to dig deep enough .
It was during these years I also got my first PC with a 14.4 baud modem , and shelled out $ 100 for 4 megabytes of RAM .
Local ISPs began to offer dialup service .
The local bulletin board was replaced by IRC while modem speed increased to 28.8 baud .
And a basic SLIP / PPP connection could be set up to browse the web .
Netscape Navigator was about to be unveiled , so in the meantime we used a browser called SlipKnot .
I built my first web page for a local surf club .
What ’s this e-mail thing ?
At the university I attended there were rumours you could talk to your friends via electronic correspondence .
I had to convince my speech professor that I needed an e-mail address for research .
I actually had to get a signature to get a shell account ( which I still have , btw ) .
E-mail and telnet access to the university servers opened up a whole new world .
Not only did I discover the dingiest and dankest basements filled with dumb terminals , I found MUDs where I could meet up with colleagues at the virtual pub , even when they were physically sitting right beside me .
And when the basement computer labs were full I could always find a computer in the library with Gopher , whose infinite subdirectories yielded telnet links to the university servers if you were willing to dig deep enough .
It was during these years I also got my first PC with a 14.4 baud modem , and shelled out $ 100 for 4 megabytes of RAM .
Local ISPs began to offer dialup service .
The local bulletin board was replaced by IRC while modem speed increased to 28.8 baud .
And a basic SLIP / PPP connection could be set up to browse the web .
Netscape Navigator was about to be unveiled , so in the meantime we used a browser called SlipKnot .
I built my first web page for a local surf club .
1996-1999
These years were noted by an exponential growth in the public ’s awareness of the Internet .
Services like CompuServe began to offer email ( I remember them charging 25 cents per email ! ) .
AOL came on the scene , too , as a great way for computer illiterate parents to keep in touch with their kids as they ventured off to college and discovered the Internet and e-mail for the first time .
By 1999 the Internet was maturing into the most newfangled technology since the television .
Business were beginning to boom online and money was being thrown into the coffers of anyone with an inkling of an idea .
Netscape Navigator was losing the war of the browsers to Internet Explorer as millions and millions of people were heading online .
Local ISPs were still offering dialup service , but that was quickly being usurped by DSL .
I dove headlong into HTML development and quickly discovered Javascript , which we used mostly to make images change on mouse over .
CSS was a rumour that refused to materialize mostly because of our stubbornness as developers to abandon the < font > tag .
The New Millenium
After Y2 K exited with nothing more than a whimper the world again focused it ’s attention on the Internet .
Maverick venture capitalists were still fueling the dot - com craze completely unaware of the roller coaster ride ahead .
Nearing the end of the ride the new decade finds us more cautious but still willing to try out new ideas .
2000 – 2002
We started Pelago in August of 2000 .
We designed and built web sites while pushing the available tools to their limits .
We used Javascript to implement side scrolling on a web site and that was considered cutting edge .
MySQL was still in its infancy and PERL was commonly used to build server side web - based applications but was quickly giving way to PHP , a viable alternative ideal for web developers used to working with markup languages .
And then came the dot - bomb .
We had only made it a year or two into the new millennium before online businesses began going belly up .
Too much food had been thrown in the tank .
Those businesses still in business treaded water while the economy recovered .
On the tech front cable Internet became more accessible and was a perfect alternative for those of us whose homes and offices were too far from a nearby substation to receive DSL .
The < font > tag was officially deprecated at some point and CSS quickly assumed the role for which it was intended .
Web sites started getting a whole lot prettier .
We started Pelago in August of 2000 .
We designed and built web sites while pushing the available tools to their limits .
We used Javascript to implement side scrolling on a web site and that was considered cutting edge .
MySQL was still in its infancy and PERL was commonly used to build server side web - based applications but was quickly giving way to PHP , a viable alternative ideal for web developers used to working with markup languages .
And then came the dot - bomb .
We had only made it a year or two into the new millennium before online businesses began going belly up .
Too much food had been thrown in the tank .
Those businesses still in business treaded water while the economy recovered .
On the tech front cable Internet became more accessible and was a perfect alternative for those of us whose homes and offices were too far from a nearby substation to receive DSL .
The < font > tag was officially deprecated at some point and CSS quickly assumed the role for which it was intended .
Web sites started getting a whole lot prettier .
2003 – 2006
Although it was still early , web - based applications began to appear online .
37signals put themselves on the map with the eNormicom web site and quickly followed that up with Basecamp , a web - based project management application .
The MVC framework peeked its head out from behind Ruby on Rails .
It was in 2006 that Pelago built Intervals , a first - of - its - kind web - based project management application that combined time tracking and task management with a simplified approach to project management .
Although many PHP frameworks were available and were evolving quite nicely , we decided to built our own lightweight MVC framework , called Archipelago , to handle the bare necessities that our web - based software would need to run efficiently .
The term Ajax was coined and those web developers on the bleeding edge at Google began implementing it into Gmail and Google Maps .
Meanwhile , broadband became the norm while web sites began to push the limits of streaming audio and video .
Firefox came on the scene and was a substantial threat to Internet Explorer .
Although it was still early , web - based applications began to appear online .
37signals put themselves on the map with the eNormicom web site and quickly followed that up with Basecamp , a web - based project management application .
The MVC framework peeked its head out from behind Ruby on Rails .
It was in 2006 that Pelago built Intervals , a first - of - its - kind web - based project management application that combined time tracking and task management with a simplified approach to project management .
Although many PHP frameworks were available and were evolving quite nicely , we decided to built our own lightweight MVC framework , called Archipelago , to handle the bare necessities that our web - based software would need to run efficiently .
The term Ajax was coined and those web developers on the bleeding edge at Google began implementing it into Gmail and Google Maps .
Meanwhile , broadband became the norm while web sites began to push the limits of streaming audio and video .
Firefox came on the scene and was a substantial threat to Internet Explorer .
2007 – 2009
The last three years are a punctuated collective of discontinuous flurries , that while partly to blame for the further reduction of the average attention span , have also introduced an entirely new vocabulary to popular culture .
We google memes while we LOL .
Viral videos are far more infectious than any real disease .
And social media is here to stay , allowing us to facebook one another and tweet our random ramblings to whomever may be listening .
The lightweight MVC framework has fully matured , becoming available for all web - based programming languages and allowing developers to churn out applications with incredible ease .
As a result , new web - based apps are appearing on the scene weekly covering every business need from simple co-worker communications to complex business management processes .
On the browser front Firefox has gained a strong foothold in the market due to its speed , reliability and custom add - ons .
Both Firefox and Internet Explorer have been taken full advantage of by web - based application developers using Ajax to keep their interfaces persistent and more desktop - like in their usability .
What ’s next ?
The next decade will be an interesting one , no doubt .
We ’ve learned far too much from the last twenty years ( or have we ? ) to let the next ten get away from us .
What ’s going to happen next ?
I have some predictions …
SEO
As the online marketplace becomes more crowded SEO is going to be the quickest and easiest way to differentiate companies in search results .
It takes a long time to create genuine content that results in high organic rankings , so instead businesses will be utilizing more PPC methods to drive traffic to their site .
However , Google always has and always will place a premium on content so new businesses will also have to focus on keeping their web sites intriguing , indexable and up - to - date .
As the online marketplace becomes more crowded SEO is going to be the quickest and easiest way to differentiate companies in search results .
It takes a long time to create genuine content that results in high organic rankings , so instead businesses will be utilizing more PPC methods to drive traffic to their site .
However , Google always has and always will place a premium on content so new businesses will also have to focus on keeping their web sites intriguing , indexable and up - to - date .
Natural Selection
The lightweight framework has resulted in a lot of new web - based applications .
Mainly because it is so easy to throw an app together and toss it online to see if it sticks .
However , there is a lot more to offering a web - based application than just building it .
In this new decade we ’ll see the marketplace drown out smaller offerings as businesses evolve and crave more comprehensive online software .
We ’ll also see marketing play an important role in determining which applications stay online .
Web - based applications will have to be continuously optimized to keep up with the demand for more desktop - like applications with fewer page reloads and less wait times .
The lightweight framework has resulted in a lot of new web - based applications .
Mainly because it is so easy to throw an app together and toss it online to see if it sticks .
However , there is a lot more to offering a web - based application than just building it .
In this new decade we ’ll see the marketplace drown out smaller offerings as businesses evolve and crave more comprehensive online software .
We ’ll also see marketing play an important role in determining which applications stay online .
Web - based applications will have to be continuously optimized to keep up with the demand for more desktop - like applications with fewer page reloads and less wait times .
The Pervasive Cloud
Despite all this talk about computing in the cloud there are still a lot of small businesses hesitant to trust their data to an online application .
This adoption barrier is waning and will continue to in the next few years until the cloud becomes as common as the desktop computer .
Along with this influx of online customers will come a greater responsibility for Software as a Service companies .
Data integrity , backups , and the ability to restore from a backup in the event of an outage will become most important .
Businesses using the cloud will become less patient with even the shortest outages .
Geo-redundancy will become essential for any Software as a Service provider hoping to grow its customer base .
Despite all this talk about computing in the cloud there are still a lot of small businesses hesitant to trust their data to an online application .
This adoption barrier is waning and will continue to in the next few years until the cloud becomes as common as the desktop computer .
Along with this influx of online customers will come a greater responsibility for Software as a Service companies .
Data integrity , backups , and the ability to restore from a backup in the event of an outage will become most important .
Businesses using the cloud will become less patient with even the shortest outages .
Geo-redundancy will become essential for any Software as a Service provider hoping to grow its customer base .
The Browser War
The browser war will continue much like it has .
Firefox will usurp Internet Explorer just like the latter did to Netscape Navigator .
Once Firefox assumes the throne it will likely become weighed down with too many features ( this is already happening ) and a faster browser will take its place .
Most likely that will be Google Chrome .
One More Thing …
I ’m sure I ’ve left something out , like the fact that my first computer was actually a TRS 80 that used cassette tapes to store data .
Fill in the timeline .
Let me know what is missing and what you think is yet to come .
Auto Safety Features to Look Forward To in 2019
Whether you ’re looking to trade - in your vehicle , lease one , or buy a new car , there are some exciting and innovative features on the horizon for many cars that are manufactured in 2019 .
While more automakers will be offering convenient tech features like wireless Wi -Fi connectivity or wireless charging options , even more will be improving their safety features .
From compact cars to SUVs , safety features not only help to protect drivers and passengers but many of today ’s features are designed to prevent accidents in the first place .
Even though there are many contributing factors in vehicle accidents , human error is responsible for a significant amount of accidents ; safety features can help reduce driver error .
Some Safety Features to Check Out In The New Year
Auto manufacturers release specific safety features at different times .
While luxury vehicles may provide newer safety features before other makes and models of vehicles , it ’s only matter of time before we ’re likely to see a wide array of top - of - line safety features in all new vehicles .
Read the rest of this entry »
Marriage rates in England and Wales have steadily fallen over decades Marriage rates in England and Wales have fallen for a fourth year to reach their lowest level since records began .
A total of 232,990 couples wed in 2008 , down 1 % on the year before , Office for National Statistics figures showed .
For every 1,000 adult men , 21.8 married in 2008 , compared with 22.4 in 2007 .
For women aged over 16 it was 19.6 per 1,000 , down from 20.2 the year before .
The Church of England said marriage was now seen as the crown of a relationship rather than a gateway to adulthood .
A spokesman said : " We have found that marriage is regarded as a serious commitment and something people aspire to , even those already living together .
" Making a positive public decision to a committed , life - long relationship changes behaviour - especially for men .
The public and private commitment involved in getting married makes a real difference to the longevity of relationships
Jill Kirby
Centre for Policy Studies
" We have found that men coming for weddings are as interested in their relationship and the quality of it as in the day itself . "
The marriage rate , calculated by the number of marriages per head of population , is now at its lowest level since records began in 1862 .
The long - term trend in recent decades has been downward , although a rise was observed between 2002 and 2004 .
Jill Kirby , from the Centre for Policy Studies , told the BBC the fall was worrying because of the strong links between marriage and family stability .
She said cohabitation was increasingly common but often short - lived .
' Thwarted aspirations '
" The public and private commitment involved in getting married makes a real difference to the longevity of relationships , so public policy needs to support and encourage marriage , " she said .
" Otherwise we shall just see more family break up , which is hard for children and bad for society . "
The think tank Civitas said that despite the drop in marriage rates , more than 60 % of young unmarried parents surveyed in 2007 actually wanted to marry .
It said young people wanted certain things in place before saying " I do " , with the top three being a partner to whom they wanted to commit , financial stability and home ownership .
A spokesperson said : " The question is , will people who want to marry succeed in doing so ?
Or are high rates of unmarried parenting indicators of thwarted aspirations ? "
Resolution , a group of family lawyers , said the legal benefits of tying the knot should be extended to cohabiting but unmarried couples .
Vice - chairman David Allison said : " The majority of people do n't understand that living together does not give them any financial protection should the relationship end . "
The number of religious weddings has also fallen , but the Church of England said its share had remained stable at 24 % .
" Many churches are inviting parishioners to celebrate marriage on Sunday at special services using new liturgy for Valentine 's Day , " a spokesman said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Yesterday I noticed that Richard Florida and Andrew Sullivan re-posted a map ( created by calorielab ) that color coded US states by the percentage of the population that was obese .
I wondered if a similar map existed for Canada .
Although there are several that highlight obesity – such as this one and this one – none are quite like this one .
More importantly , none allowed for an easy and direct comparison between the two countries .
So I ’ve taken the calorielab map , remade it , and extend it to all of North America by applying its criteria to Canadian provinces ( and by using some Statistics Canada figures found here ) .
The result is a “ green armband ” ( of relative health ) stretching across the continent .
If Canadian provinces were ranked along side US States , they would rank 1st ( BC ) , 2nd ( QC ) , 3rd ( ON ) , 4th ( AB ) and tied for 5th ( MB ) ( YK ) as the least obese provinces / states .
Colorado would be the first American state placing 7th , with the provinces of NS in 8th and SK in 9th .
PEI and NB would appear 15th and 16th and NFLD would appear 19th .
NWT and NU would close out in 30th and 31st position .
You can see the original chart at the bottom of this page .
Actually even some of the grimmer looking patches of Canada ’s map have a silver lining .
The Arctic Territories , specifically Nunavut ( NU ) and the North - West Territories ( NWT ) , appear obese and thus unhealthy .
However , Statistics Canada notes that obesity criterion for Inuit populations should be more relaxed since a high BMI does not appear to have the same health risk for Inuit as for non-Inuit .
Interesting , eh ?
And here is the original map I ’m riffing off of …
( CNN ) --
The head of Iran 's soccer federation issued a public apology and a member of his staff resigned after the federation mistakenly sent a New Year 's greeting to its counterpart in Israel , Iranian officials announced Sunday .
" It was a big mistake sending an e-mail to Israel 's football federation , " Ali Kaffashian , president of the Iran Football Federation , said in a statement carried by the semi-official Mehrs News Agency .
" However , I am sure the director of the foreign relations office did n't do it on purpose . "
Kaffashian said Iran 's soccer league routinely sends New Year 's greetings to all members of FIFA , the sport 's global federation , except for Israel .
Iran does not recognize Israel , which it dismisses as the " Zionist entity , " and the two countries ' teams do not meet in international competitions .
Mohammad - Mansour Azimzadeh Ardebili , the head of the league 's foreign relations office , resigned over the matter , Kaffashian said .
ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING ROOM IS SPINNING
( , Fri 5 Feb 2010 , 0:58 , Reply
Exciting Episode With Jay Leno Hosting Fort Lauderdale Boat Show
If you have n’t been to South Florida during fall , when the boat shows start in Fort Lauderdale and Miami .
Then your missing out meeting famous people and the most expensive yachts and their owners !
These boat shows showcase the coolest boats around , as well some …
Jay Leno at Fort Lauderdale Boat Show Read More »
NASHVILLE  Sarah Palin said in an interview broadcast Sunday that she would consider a run for the White House in 2012 “ if I believe that that is the right thing to do for our country and for the Palin family . ”
“ It would be absurd to not consider what it is that I can potentially do to help our country , ” Ms. Palin told Chris Wallace on “ Fox News Sunday ” in an interview recorded a few hours before she gave the keynote address at the National Tea Party Convention in Nashville .
“ I wo n’t close the door that perhaps could be open for me in the future . ”
Those words were buttressed by the response she received at the convention on Saturday night .
As Ms. Palin left the stage , the crowd erupted into chants of “ Run , Sarah , Run . ”
5 a.m. CST Sunday , Feb. 14 , 2010
Mission Control Center , Houston , Texas
STATUS REPORT : STS - 130-13
STS - 130 MCC Status Report # 13
HOUSTON –Endeavour astronauts Robert Behnken and Nicholas Patrick finished all tasks planned for the mission ’s second spacewalk , integrating the new Tranquility node into the International Space Station despite a slightly shortened spacewalk .
The spacewalkers connected two ammonia coolant loops , installed thermal covers around the ammonia hoses , outfitted the Earth - facing port on Tranquility for the relocation of its cupola , and installed handrails and a vent valve on the new module .
The spacewalk ended after 5 hours , 54 minutes to give Behnken and Patrick additional time in the airlock as part of a cleanup process for possible contamination .
While hooking up a quick - disconnect valve , a small amount of ammonia eked out of a connector .
Procedures called for a “ bake - out ” while Patrick worked during the sunlit portion of the orbit , and a contamination test in the airlock .
While the spacewalk was still under way , Mission Control activated one of the ammonia loops and reported that ammonia was flowing through Tranquility , cooling the module .
The second cooling loop will be activated during Tuesday ’s spacewalk .
With choreography from astronaut Steve Robinson , the intravehicular officer , Behnken placed insulation covers on Tranquility ’s keel pin and trunnions .
He also prepared Tranquility for the cupola relocation , opening a centerline camera flap and deploying berthing mechanism petals that initially will secure the cupola .
Patrick installed a non-propulsive vent valve on Tranquility and then attached eight handrails to its exterior .
Station Commander Jeff Williams and Flight Engineers Soichi Noguchi and T.J. Creamer , along with Endeavour Pilot Terry Virts and Mission Specialist Kathryn Hire , worked to outfit Tranquility ’s interior .
Activities included setting up the ventilation system , connecting electrical and computer cables , and configuring racks .
The crew confirmed that the lights were on inside Tranquility and that computer systems are working .
Endeavour now is scheduled to land at Kennedy Space Center at 9:16 p.m. CST next Sunday , Feb. 21 , after undocking from the station at 6:54 p.m. Friday .
A new flight day 11 , beginning Wednesday afternoon , will support moving two Water Recovery System racks , the Waste Hygiene Compartment and the Oxygen Generation System into Tranquility .
That work had been on hold for repairs and test runs .
The shuttle crew ’s bedtime is scheduled for 7:14 a.m. , with a wakeup call at 3:14 p.m .
The next shuttle status report will be issued after the crew has been awakened , or earlier if warranted .
The JSC Newsroom will close at 6 a.m. , and reopen at 5 p.m .
- end -
text - only version of this release
NASA press releases and other information are available automatically by sending a blank e-mail message to hqnews-subscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
To unsubscribe from this mailing list , send a blank e-mail message to hqnews-unsubscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
Back to NASA Newsroom | Back to NASA Homepage
Is the closed season on Jews over ?
Are English Jews facing rising levels of violence and abuse ?
Anthony Julius certainly thinks so .
The lawyer , best known for representing the late Diana , Princess of Wales in her divorce , but also the author of a book on T S Eliot and anti-Semitism , has written a capacious history of anti-Semitism in England , Trials of the Diaspora , out next week .
In it he expresses his " provisional judgement " that the situation facing Anglo - Jewry " is quite bad , and might get worse " .
Coincidentally , the report on anti-semitic incidents in 2009 by the Community Security Trust ( CST ) , was published last week .
At first view , it makes alarming reading , and seems to confirm Julius 's worst fears .
CST recorded 924 anti-Semitic incidents in 2009 , the highest annual total since it began recording such incidents in 1984 , and – after two years of falling numbers – an increase of 69 per cent from 2008 .
But peer closely and the picture is more complicated .
The main reason for the surge , CST noted , was the unprecedented number of anti-Semitic incidents recorded in January and February 2009 , during and after the Israeli invasion of Gaza .
Of course , this is no reason to rejoice : if someone is trying to thump you , the fact that they 're screaming that it 's revenge for what Israel is doing in Gaza is n't going to make you feel a whole lot better .
It did n't help that during Israel 's 2006 war with Lebanon , the Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said : " I believe that this is a war that is fought by all the Jews . "
If the Israeli government ( wrongly ) elides Israel with all Jews , it 's hardly surprising if anti-Semites do too .
These days you rarely hear the kind of unthinking middle - class anti-Semitism current in , say , 1961 , the year in which An Education , the film based on Lynn Barber 's memoir , was set .
Philip French , in The Observer , wondered if the real - life counterpart of the headteacher ( Emma Thompson ) , given to sneering rants about the Jews killing Jesus , would have been really so strident .
Yet only a few years earlier , a teacher in my primary school declared one week that all Jews were rich , and the next that the Jews killed Jesus .
( My Holocaust survivor parents , angry but also anxious , wrote anonymously to the headteacher .
By the following week , the teacher was gone . )
If anti-Semitism of this kind seems to have disappeared altogether , we live in postmodern times where some of what looks like anti-Semitism is n't , but , conversely , some of what does n't look like anti-Semitism in fact is .
Consider the " philo - Semitism " , for instance , of Michael Gove and Julie Burchill ( " the Jews are my favourites " ; " Jews do things so well " ) .
Burchill 's philo - Semitism is a form of anti-Semitism , I 'd suggest , because it bunches all Jews together , as though we were a single , uniform entity .
The idea that all Jews are wonderful is little different from all Jews being hateful : in both cases Jews are stripped of individual characteristics , and are nothing except Jewish – a view to which most racists happily subscribe .
If Burchill , as is rumoured , converts to Judaism , she 'll discover that some Jews are nice and others not – rather like the rest of the human race .
Today racism , it seems , can be ironic .
I 've heard of campuses where non-Jewish students josh their Jewish friends with comments like : " Stop hoarding the milk , you Jew . "
Is this too close to the bone , or is it fatally unsatirical to take offence ?
Some young Jews find it amusing , yet recognise that such playing with stereotypes can only be done between consenting adults – close friends with licence to shock one another .
It is also , they recognise , a dangerous game which , under the guise of playfulness , might also allow the venting of real prejudice .
How far is it from Tottenham supporters calling themselves the Yid Army , to Chelsea fans chanting " Spurs are on their way to Auschwitz " , as they do when the teams meet ?
Some non-Jewish Tottenham fans argue that , on the contrary , their happy embrace of the " Yiddo " label is a way of neutralising anti-Semitism .
But there are limits to irony .
Last Monday , a new page opened on Facebook , called " Hi , I 'm a Jew .
I do n't care about COD [ Call of Duty , a video game mostly played by boys ] or Periods , I just want your gold " .
By Thursday it had 3,040 fans , peddling the hoariest stereotypes of money - grabbing , wealth and noses .
Another Facebook page is called " Racist Jokes " .
This includes such gems – hold on to your hats – as " What 's the difference between a pizza and a Jew ?
A pizza does n't scream when you put it in the oven " , and " What 's the difference between a Jew and a boy scout ?
The boy scout came back from the camp .'
That some of these postings are poorly spelt and written is no reassurance .
There 's bravado here , of course : teenagers thinking it's cool to be outlandish , following in a long tradition of crudely anti-Semitic jokes charted by Julius .
These latest , though , are amplified by the internet 's reach and anonymity , which not only allows you to reinvent your own identity but see other people 's as equally fictitious .
Those young Jews who have protested have , of course , been accused of lacking a sense of humour ( though one young Jew expressed disgust about " Racist Jokes " by commenting : " The person who made it is probs a fucking Paki who needs to go back to their own country " ) .
Yet when a Jewish teenager directly confronted friends who'd signed up to the pages , they apologised and professed themselves ashamed .
They 'd made no connection between cyber anti-Semitism and the feelings of real , embodied Jews .
Modern anti-Semitism is a complex phenomenon , but Anthony Julius , for all his often thoughtful analysis , ultimately falls back on the elision of anti-Zionism and anti-Semitism , and the notion that the Zionist is the Jew by another name .
Perhaps the best way of countering such reductionism is to reverse it : the BNP 's Nick Griffin and the Polish MEP Michael Kaminski have shown that neo -Nazi anti-Semitic sentiments and support for Israel are quite compatible .
We should never be complacent about anti-Semitism , but neither should we allow some Jews to exaggerate it , regard it as inevitable , use it to try and delegitimise criticism of Israel or see it as an altogether different kind of animal from other more socially accepted kinds of racism such as Islamophobia .
Those who hate are rarely so discriminating .
Linux is shaping up as Microsoft 's target in a potential war of attrition to gain lost market share for Windows Mobile in handsets .
Microsoft 's executive in charge of leading Microsoft 's Windows Mobile group has predicted the number of operating systems for mobile handsets will be whittled down in the next three to five years and called out Linux as ripe for consolidation .
The president of Microsoft 's entertainment and devices division Robbie Bach , who presided over last year 's drop in Windows Mobile 's market share , said Linux will fall below the quality bar needed to succeed in mobile handsets .
He added Linux operating systems " wo n't get the scale that they need , " saying that it 's Microsoft 's job on Windows Mobile to make sure we get that scale . "
Bach , talking to Wall Street analysts , also painted the forthcoming Windows Mobile 7.0 as something that will " move the bar forward " not in an evolutionary way " but it 's something that feels , looks , acts and performs completely different . "
Prophesying problems for Linux , Bach told analysts at last weeks '
Consumer Electronics
Show in Las Vegas , Nevada : " I do n't think there 's an operator in the world that would n't tell you that it 's a pain to support all the different operating systems they have , in particular the 17 versions of Linux they have on feature phones , all of which are a little quirky and a little different , require separate network certifications , network product support , and the like that goes along with that . "
He continued : " I think some of the current systems will fall away ... I certainly think in the feature phone space you 'll see some pruning of the Linux tree , and I do n't think that 's really sustainable . "
You can see a full list of handsets that run Linux here .
The message was an extension of Microsoft 's strategy against Linux used on PCs and servers - that Linux needs to be integrated creating claimed total - cost - of ownership issues , while Windows comes as a complete package .
Bach was implying Windows Mobile 7.0 would save handset makers time and money spent building and customizing Linux code , as Microsoft had already done the hard work on Windows Mobile for them .
Also , his implication was Windows Mobile would provide a single operating system for different handsets , simplifying their application development and support work and costs .
Otherwise , it was vintage Bach where he dwelt on the Xbox and forthcoming games , along with critical acclaim for Microsoft 's iPod imitator the Zune .
But analysts repeatedly pulled Bach back to Windows Mobile and the hit Microsoft 's taking from Apple and Research In Motion - not to mention the yet - to - be quantified impact of Google 's Android .
The exasperated Bach responded to JP Morgan 's John DiFucci 's question on Windows Mobile : " I 've been waiting for you guys who want to talk about the good stuff for five years . "
Bach made no apologies for the Windows Mobile strategy , placing his faith instead in the ability of changes in Windows Mobile 7.0 and a Windows Phone branding campaign to wow and woo customers and regain lost market share .
According to Bach , Microsoft does n't have a " business - model problem , per se " or " some specific challenge outside of the fact our experience is very skewed towards business users , and it's not as modern as it needs to be " .
For Bach , if Microsoft 's got a problem it 's been in brand awareness , where Apple and Google have been working actively .
Branding , Bach appears to think , can help make Windows Phone - and Windows Mobile - exciting to non-business users along with those forthcoming changes in Windows Mobile 7.0 .
" We have n't been as engaged in the go to markets as we need to be going forward , " he said of the branding effort .
This has now been fixed with the launch of the Windows Phone that 's raised awareness in the US and Europe where " we 've actually had good success without spending a ton of money . "
You can download the full transcript of Bach 's CES presentation here ( PDF ) or view the web cast by visiting Microsoft 's investor relations page here . ®
Incorporated in 1982 .
Agoura
Hills is well known for its spoiled population and severe drug problem .
At the same time is burned by the L .A. Sheriffs Department .
Also Known As " The Bubble . "
If you ’re like most writers , there will a lot of times when you ’re stuck on an idea and have a lot of difficulty properly iterating in writing what you are thinking in your head .
It ’s an incredibly frustrating feeling when a writer struggles to find the right words , or articulate one ’s thoughts in a seamless flow .
When this happens , I remind myself to follow one of my Renegade of Written Word rules , which I call JGIOP and that stands for “ Just Get it on Paper . ”
When you ’re struggling with your writing , forget style , sentence flow and even grammar — just put your thoughts on paper .
Rifle off notes and bullet points .
Let your mind wander in whatever direction it desires .
Follow suit by letting your fingers transcribe your thought processes through your keyboard or from pen to paper .
Put any related side - notes in parentheses , but just keep the flow going .
The JGIOP approach helps free your mind and allows yourself to be highly creative .
Writing styles sometimes lead one to develop confining habits , which prohibit the full development of new and original ideas , because the writer is dedicated to maintaining a preferred form and style .
As the Renegade of Written Word prefers , JGIOP breaks those confining rules and allows the writer to fully and creatively explore new ideas .
Before you know it , you ’ll have paragraphs and pages full of your ideas .
From that point , you can start to cut and paste things together , finding the flow , and perform the necessary editing to apply your unique writing style to your ideas .
Why do n’t you try to utilize JGIOP as a form of a liberating writing exercize ?
Take an idea you ’ve been pondering .
Spend the next 20 - 30 minutes freely writing whatever comes to you .
Forget style , form , structure … just let it flow , and Just Get it on Paper !
As always , comments much appreciated :)
By Mark Kinver
Science and environment reporter
Earlier springs are having a wide impact , the study shows Springtime in the UK is starting on average 11 days earlier than 30 years ago , causing natural food chains to become disrupted , a study suggests .
Predators seem to be slower than organisms further down the food chains to respond to the seasonal shifts , according to a team of UK researchers .
The findings are based on more than 25,500 records of 726 marine , terrestrial and freshwater species .
The study has been published in the journal Global Change Biology .
" If biological events at different levels within the food chains are changing at different rates , it is possible that we are seeing a de-synchronisation , " explained lead author Stephen Thackeray , an ecologist at the Centre for Ecology and Hydrology ( CEH ) .
Environment - wide shifts
The study , carried out by 12 research groups , showed - for the first time - an acceleration in seasonal timings ( phenology ) at an environment - wide scale .
From a phenological viewpoint , what we need to do is understand the processes well enough in order to make projections of future changes
Dr Stephen Thackeray ,
Centre for Ecology and Hydrology Previous studies had identified the trend of spring arriving earlier , but had focused on single species or a small grouping , generally plants .
" We have shown that the acceleration is an average pattern across the terrestrial , marine and freshwater environments , " Dr Thackeray told BBC News .
He explained that the data , covering the period between 1976 and 2005 , showed the change was " most pronounced " among organisms at the bottom of the food chains .
" [ This ] could have an impact on the survival of the predators and affect the status of their populations .
" You often find that predatory organisms - those at the top of the food chain - frequently time their reproduction in a way that synchronises food availability with the arrival of their offspring . "
The researchers said that if the patterns identified in their study were indicative of future trends , the breakdown in synchronisation could disrupt " the functioning , persistence and resilience of many ecosystems and have a major impact on ecosystem services " .
" My co-authors and I are now in the very early stages of working on more detailed case studies that , hopefully , shed some light on the detailed processes , " Dr Thackeray added .
" From a phenological viewpoint , what we need to do is understand the processes well enough in order to make projections of future changes . "
On average , each decade within the study saw spring advance by 3.9 days Dr Thackeray said that he hoped the study would be used as a benchmark for similar studies to be carried out in other parts of the world .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
‘ Metaphorical lesson ’
courtesy of ‘ c00lmarie ’
[ Update 2/8 , 11AM ]
Hey there – if you ’re reading this now that the blizzard is over ( for now … ) maybe you ’d like some more topical information , like Katie ’s updates on lunch specials available on Monday , Feb 8th .
If you ’re like me , the thought of spending an entire 24 hours in your apartment makes you a little batty .
In the snowstorms of recent past , my lovely roomie and I have zipped up our boots , slung on our hats and trudged out into the great beyond in the name of burgers and beer , searching for the only place along Wilson and Clarendon to be open .
I love the neighborhood -y feel DC gets in the snow ; everyone emerging from warm apartments and the air filled with a little buzz of excitement and “ we ’re all in this together ” - ness .
So where can you find your neighbors ?
Here ’s a great list to get you started .
Some of my favorites are hosting snow specials , so I ’ve got an entire section on that , just for you , because I love you .
Plus , omg , A MAP !
Tom made a map , places with specials are in red , places that are open are blue .
Cheers to the snow .
View Snowstorm Restaurant Specials in a larger map
‘ winter wonderland ’
courtesy of ‘ mofo ’
The Specials :
I love these places for having the foresight to make it cheaper for everyone to eat and drink in the snow .
Grade A .
M Bar in the Renaissance Washington , DC Dupont Circle Hotel ( formerly Renaissance M Street ) is doing Snow Day happy hour specials – $ 4.50 well cocktails all day Saturday and on Sunday for the game , they will have “ MVP ” specials – a selection of drinks with male - name liquors ( the “ MVPs ” ) like Jack Daniels or Jose Cuervo – $ 4.00 all day
At Jackson 20 , Chef Dennis Marron will give away a free dinner entrée for the best snow sculpture in the courtyard on Saturday .
Judging is at 5 p.m. and the restaurant will be serving hot cider and hot chocolate all afternoon .
They ’re also giving away free cider and hot chocolate , so if you ’re not in it to win it , you can still watch the snow sculptures with a hot drink .
Head over to Urbana for a “ Baby it ’s cold outside beach party ” .
Anyone who comes in with summer gear – flip flops , sunhat , beach balls … whatever ( they can be creative ) can enjoy summer cocktails for $ 5 : sea breeze , Bahama mammas , bay breezes , rum runners , margaritas .
They ’ll be playing summer - inspired beach music and the heat will be cranked up .
Poste ‘s two hot drinks will be half - off ( * usually $ 11 ) .
Who ’s Your Toddy ?
( made with maker ’s mark bourbon , benedictine , batavia arrack , lemon peel ) ; and Hot Buttered Rum ( made with 10 cane rum , ron cartavio gold rum , butter , brown sugar , spices ) .
Z -Burger is at it again , “ We were open for the entire Snowpocalypse in December so you know you can count on us for the Snogasm ” says Peter Tabibian , owner of Z - Burger in Tenleytown .
Z-Burger is going to give away $ 1 burgers once we hit 1 foot of snow declared by the National Weather Service for Washington , DC .
On H street , NE for every 6 ″ of snow , $ 1 off any drink Palace Of Wonders , The Pug , Sticky Rice , Little Miss Whiskeys and Jimmy Valentines .
Bastille in Old Town has you covered .
They ’re offering their full menu but in honor of the storm , the specials will be Chef / Owners Christophe Poteaux and Michelle Garbee ’s favorite comfort foods : cassoulet and pot roast — French and American , just like them !
Give them a ring ( 703-519-3776 ) so they ’ll know to expect you , and they ’ll keep the mulled wine warm .
Science Club will be offering blizzard specials .
They ’ll be announcing hourly specials throughout the storm on Twitter .
Lebanese Taverna has a “ plan ahead and call ” dinner special for Friday , Feb 5th , for take out only .
A $ 19.99 four course dinner for two including House salad , Hommos , Chicken Shawarma or Shawarma .
Dino is serving their “ winter menu of stick to your ribs food . ” plus offering thier Wine Madness special of 33 % off wines 50 +.
‘ drink in the view … ……… ’
courtesy of ‘ LaTur ’
Restaurants and Hotel Bars :
This is a no-brainer .
They basically have to be open .
But some of them are taking it farther than others :
Westend Bistro is open all weekend !
To boot , one of my favorites in the city , Chef Joe Palma is going to debut 4 new menu items on Sat , along with an all new “ Bistro Classics ” dessert menu .
Fahrenheit and Degrees Bar & Lounge in Ritz - Carlton Georgetown will be open all weekend .
I dig the BBQ pork sliders there .
Blue Duck Tavern will be open , and the regular menu will be served .
Get the fries .
And the beef .
Mmm …
Art and Soul is going to remain open this weekend .
They ’re also planning on having the TVs tuned in to the Super Bowl on Sunday !
‘ sparkly bar ’
courtesy of ‘ volcanojw ’
Stand -Alones :
You gotta give these places props for staying open in the storm .
Tip well , since the employees are probably working weird , long hours .
J.Paul ’s in Georgetown is going to stick it out in the snow !
Ping Pong Dim Sum will be serving up flowering tea to Chinatown residents .
“ We plan on being open given it does n’t compromise the safety of our employees , ” said Myca Ferrer , Ping Pong Sales Manager .
Evening Star Cafe in Del Ray will holding a chili cook - off between Chef Will Artley and his sous chefs , says Nycci Nellis .
Dairy Godmother opens today at 11 am in order to beat the weather !
In the shop now making sticky toffee pudding .
Tollhouse cookie is the flavor of the day .
Screwtop Wine Bar in Arlington is staying open Friday & Saturday for Lunch ( 11:30 - 3 pm ) & Dinner ( 5 - 10 pm ) .
Room 11 in Columbia Heights will be open throughout the snow – plus they ’ll be offering some Super Specials on Sunday .
Rustico is planning on staying open , but call beforehand to make sure .
B. Smith ’s , in Union Station is open as long as Metro is running .
At RIS it ’s business as usual , stop by for some of my favorite comfort food !
( And Ris a great place to watch snow with the floor to ceiling windows ! )
Boulevard Woodgrill is staying open all storm long .
Both Matchbox locations will be open with normal business hours .
Baked &
Wired is going to be making baked goods during the snow , stop by !
Ceiba is in .
Any additional suggestions ?
Leave ‘em in the comments .
Katie Katie moved to DC in 2007 , and has since embarked upon a love affair with the city .
She ’s an education reform advocate and communications professional during the day ; at night and on the weekends , she ’s an owner here at We Love DC .
Katie has high goals to eat herself through the entire city , with only her running shoes to save her from herself .
For up - to - the - minute news and reviews ( among other musings ) , follow her on Twitter !
By Marissa Kantor
Writer for US publication The Revealer
The post - Katrina debate taking place everywhere from Congress to the family dinner table - about what went wrong and who is to blame , has included again and again one word : racism .
The definition , though , has been very race - specific : black versus white .
It 's a valid debate .
Unless , of course , your skin is brown .
That blacks were " looting " while whites were " finding " has been well circulated on the Internet in a fierce cyber image - war .
What the mainstream media has neglected to mention - at least in its initial discussions of the role that race played in preparation for , and clean - up after Katrina - is that the Latinos are " hiding , " many in churches where they feel protected , or in Mexican and Honduran restaurants .
Many Latinos will keep a low profile during the clean - up
Over 100 Latin American immigrants now call La Iglesia Lugar de Sanidad ( Healing Place Church ) in Gonzales , Louisiana home .
They use their reverence to ask God for help since they are unsure who to trust outside the church walls .
Latinos - especially Hondurans - are no strangers to natural disaster .
After fleeing Honduras in the wake of the devastation caused by Hurricane Mitch in 1998 - which killed thousands , left thousands missing , and affected millions from Guatemala to Costa Rica - many Hondurans ended up in the port city of New Orleans in search of that " better life " that El Norte seemed to offer .
Invisible citizens
Approximately 150,000 Hondurans live in Louisiana , most in New Orleans .
Estimates of Mexicans living in or around New Orleans range from 40,000 to 100,000 .
And other groups , including Salvadorans and Brazilians , also number in the tens of thousands .
The Pew Hispanic Center estimates ( conservatively ) that 20,000 to 35,000 of these Latinos are illegal immigrants or undocumented workers .
Even the governments of Mexico and Honduras are stumped as to where their citizens are hiding .
In the face of our worst natural and national disaster ever , we find ourselves face - to - face with a basic discussion in American society : Just what is an American ?
Fearing deportation , Latinos - many of whom are illegal immigrants - prefer instead to seek shelter and support in Latino - owned businesses that they learn about through word of mouth .
They sneak out at night to look for food and water since many cannot understand the Federal Emergency Management Agency 's ( Fema's ) English - language public service announcements about where to go for services .
Increasing tensions
The American discussion of who is worthy of " saving " in the face of disaster - one that we thought we had at least tabled after 11 September , is back in full force .
Fema spokeswoman Joanna Gonzalez , answering pleas from Presidents Fox of Mexico and Maduro of Honduras not to prosecute illegal immigrants , offered one answer : " We want to provide food , water , shelter and medical supplies to everyone .
No one should be afraid to accept our offers to provide safety . "
Ms Gonzalez originally ignored follow - up enquiries as to whether or not this meant that illegal immigrants would not be reported or prosecuted , simply repeating her form - letter statement .
Is Fema 's message reaching everyone ?
They cite the fact that many legal residents may have lost their papers in the hurricane , and should not be penalised for it .
At the same time , DHS amended their original statement - while they would save a drowning illegal immigrant , they would not " turn a blind eye to the law " if they later found out his immigration status .
These policies have created tension in the Gulf Coast and throughout the nation .
Some Latino civil rights workers argue that this is a clear indication that the US Government is creating policy aimed to serve a select group and to ignore or prosecute others .
Dispensable labour
While the " deserving poor " in shelters are eligible to approach Fema , social security and Red Cross representatives to receive food , water , debit cards and food stamps , Latinos stand behind and watch .
They are trained to avoid authority at all costs .
Even in the face of a disaster like Katrina .
Opponents of illegal immigration view the policies as a direct affront to the thousands of displaced American citizens and legal residents who are searching for a job , any job .
If the law lets an employer hire an illegal Latino , then one less job is available for a true American , they argue .
In the United States , in the face of our worst natural and national disaster ever , we find ourselves face - to - face with a basic discussion in American society : Just what is an American ?
Defining the protection - worthy and the dispensable has become another job in the relief efforts .
Blacks are complaining that they are seen as inferior to whites ; Latinos are too scared to complain at all , or do n't speak the right language to do so .
Meanwhile , we are sending them back in to clean up our cities , clad in dust masks and rags and with the promise of a 15 - dollar - an - hour job , until we decide to report them and send them back to their own countries .
God bless America , indeed .
Que Dios nos bendiga .
The Revealer is a publication of the New York University Department of Journalism and New York University 's Center for Religion and Media .
This article is one of a series by prominent figures giving their views on the political and social impact of Hurricane Katrina .
We are also inviting readers in the US to write 400 words setting out what they feel the disaster , and the response to it , have revealed about American society .
We will publish a small selection of the best .
If you would like to contribute please use the form below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Comments
