Turks are xenophobic , socially conservative people who rarely read books , relegate women to second - class status and harbour ambivalent views about democracy , contentious new research has revealed .
The unflattering picture has emerged from a survey by one of Turkey 's most respected polling organisations , Konda , which interviewed 6,482 people .
Some 73 % opposed allowing foreigners to own Turkish land or property , while nine out of 10 said they had never taken a holiday abroad .
Just under 70 % said they never read books , and 72 % said they never or rarely bought new hi-tech products as soon they appeared on the market .
Many also expressed fears that Turkey 's neighbours planned to carve up the country .
Nearly 70 % said wives needed their husband 's permission to work while 57 % believed that a female should never leave home wearing a sleeveless top .
More than half - 53 % - favoured allowing women judges , prosecutors , teachers and other public servants to wear the Islamic headscarf on duty , something Turkey 's secular constitution forbids .
While 88 % agreed that Turkey should be governed by democracy " under each and every condition " , this was undermined by the significant proportion - 48 % - who said the military should intervene " when necessary " .
The powerful armed forces have toppled four elected governments in coups in the past 50 years .
The survey , entitled Who Are We ? , was conducted on behalf of Hurriyet , one of Turkey 's biggest selling newspapers , renowned for its secularist outlook .
Tarhan Erdem , senior analyst with Konda , said the research was aimed at understanding ongoing social transformation and seeing whether Turkey was the country many of its people thought they knew .
The high support for military intervention showed Turks had reservations about democracy , he said , while attitudes towards women exposed a lack of gender equality .
" The data shows that women are n't free in their private lives , " Erdem said .
Ahmet Insel , a columnist with Radikal newspaper , said opposition to foreign travel and property ownership stemmed from a preoccupation with the 1919 - 1923 war of independence that established modern Turkey .
" We think the war of independence is still under way , so it 's no surprise we are xenophobic .
We 're still fighting foreigners , " he said .
Marriage counsellors may soon be taking a more Shakespearean approach to solving troubles of the heart , by administering love potions to boost couples ' feelings for one another , according to a leading scientist .
Greater understanding of the brain chemistry of love has revealed hormones that could be given to couples to rekindle faded passions or diminish problematic feelings , says Larry Young , an expert in the neuroscience of social bonding at Emory University in Atlanta .
Writing in the journal Nature , Young says scientists are close to reducing the mental state of love to a biochemical chain of events , paving the way for powerful new treatments for the lovelorn .
Trials are already under way to see if offering hormones to warring couples improves on conventional marital therapy , he writes .
Advances in genetics are also on course to transform relationships by making available tests to reveal how committed a prospective partner may be , he adds .
Scientists have identified two hormones , oxytocin and vasopressin , which appear crucial in forming a close bond with another person .
Tests in sheep found that an injection of oxytocin was enough to make a ewe form an immediate bond with lambs that were not her own .
Men with a gene that makes them less responsive to vasopressin are less likely to marry their partners and more likely to have a marital crisis if they do , Young explains .
The hormones are released in the brain during childbirth or sexual stimulation .
" The view of love as an emergent property of a cocktail of ancient [ brain chemicals ] raises important issues for society .
For one thing , drugs that manipulate brain systems at whim to enhance or diminish our love for another may not be far away . "
Young writes .
Young 's research suggests the biochemical basis of love taps into the same brain circuitry as addiction , explaining the strong urges the emotion evokes .
While little is known about the genetics at play in personal relationships , further studies may identify new genes that companies could exploit to develop partner " compatibility tests " .
" Perhaps genetic tests for the suitability of potential partners will one day become available , the results of which could accompany , and even override , our gut instincts in selecting the perfect partner .
Either way , recent advances … mean it wo n't be long before an unscrupulous suitor could slip a pharmaceutical love potion in our drink . "
Poisonous or dangerous food is considered a special delicacy by some cultures in several parts of the world .
In most cases , a nice feast may turn into a deadly game of Russian roulette .
” Fugu ” or Pufferfish
This goes on top of my list as the world ’s deadliest delicacy .
Even a drop of toxin from a Pufferfish or Fugu ( in Japanese ) can immediately leave you paralyzed , followed by death .
Fugu is considered an authentic Japanese delicacy and it would take years for a chef to master the art of preparing the dish .
The toxin , called tetrodotoxin is concentrated in the roe , ovaries and the liver of the fish .
” San Nak Ji ” or Live Octopus
A slight error during the removal of the toxic parts can allow the toxin to contaminate the entire flesh of the fish .
Despite the risk of eating Fugu , it is reported that yearly , there are dozens of death from Fugu poisoning in Japan .
“ San Nak Ji ” or live octopus is a popular delicacy in Korea and Japan .
The enjoyment
of eating this food is when the octopus is still moving with the tentacles sticking to the roof of the mouth .
The challenge is to munch and swallow the live octopus
without choking .
It is reported that there are on average of 6 deaths due to choking
( on live octopus ) , each year in South Korea .
Cassava
This is one of the world ’s popular staple food .
Cassava is often used to make the
tropical delicacy in the form of tapioca starch or flour .
However , if not properly
washed or cooked , cassava leaves and roots contain toxin called cyanide which is
fatal to humans even in small doses .
Giant Bullfrog
Giant bullfrog is considered a delicacy in Namibia .
The Namibians eat the entire giant bullfrog except for the internal organs .
In most cultures , only certain body parts of the frogs such as the legs are consumed as most frogs have poisonous skin and poisonous internal organs .
A premature bullfrog is said to contain a certain toxin which could lead to kidney failure in most cases .
Ackee Fruit
Ackee plant is originated from West Africa .
Later , it was introduced to Florida , USA .
The fruit looks like a pear , red in color when it ’s ripe .
The ackee fruit must be picked after it has naturally opened and revealed the seeds .
The fruit must be eaten at the right time .
The fruit is poisonous if it is both immature and overripe .
The fleshy part around the seeds is the only part which is edible .
The rest of the fruit contain a type of toxin called hypoglycin which can be fatal if consumed .
Silver - Stripe Blaasop
The silver - stripe blaasop is a delicacy among the locals who live in some parts of the Indian Ocean .
The locals are experts in removing the toxic parts of the fish before cooking and consuming it .
The poison is concentrated in the liver , reproductive organs and also the skin of the fish which can cause paralysis and breathing problems
if consumed by humans .
Somehow , the silver - stripe blaasop made its way to the eastern Mediterranean waters .
In early 2007 , there are about 10 reported deaths relating to the poisoning of the fish which include 8 in Egypt and 2 in Israel .
Echizen Jellyfish
The giant Echizen jellyfish is a huge , poisonous jellyfish which moves in swarms in
the Japan waters .
The jellyfish lives on tuna fish and this poses a problem as the
tuna supply is affected by the huge consumption .
So , the solution is to catch the
jellyfish and turn it into a delicacy .
Like “ Fugu ” the tricky part lies in the preparation of the dish .
The toxic parts must be removed and the jellyfish must be properly cooked for safe consumption .
Kelvin Klein is fond of writing and she says that great writing is about so much more than just putting words onto a page .
Hobbies and Collections | Subscribe Posted by Michael Pinto on Feb 22 , 2009 in Animation
When I first came across this commercial my first thoughts were “ this has got to be an upcoming CGI Star Blazers movie that I ’ve been waiting for my entire life ! ”
But then I noticed at the end of the advert that there seemed to be some sort of box — I figured then that it had to be some sort of amazing videogame :
Well after a minuter or two of googling the subject it turns out that this amazing animation is for a new Space Battleship Yamato Pachinko machine !
By you ’ve got to check out the website — it ’s all in Japanese but the interface with make any old school Star Blazers fan weep with joy :
The Pachinko is being released by a company called Fuji who also has games based on Mighty Mouse and Jurassic Park :
By the way it should be noted that after doing a bit of research I found out that this is the second pachinko game based on Yamato — here ’s footage of the first game which looks pretty amazing even if it lacks the cool 3D animation :
In fact here ’s a commercial for the first game , what ’s interesting in this avert is the use of the cosplay actress :
Last night the big Red Bull snowboarding event finally took place at East River Park , with around 20,000 fans sticking it out in bone - chilling weather .
16 riders were lucky enough to drop in from a nine - story structure , but only one took home the 1st prize of $ 50 K : New Jersey ’s own Shayne Pospisi .
Finland ’s Torstein Horgmo took 2nd place , with 3rd going to New Hampshire ’s own Scotty Lago and Terje Haakonsen of Norway taking home Best Trick honors for " dropping into the 90 - foot tall ramp with his back foot unstrapped from the binding , pulling off a one - footed method air as he kicked his rear foot out . "
Anthrax brought the rock to the event , playing a few songs along with Brooklyn ’s Black Gold and Valient Thorr ... and according to Anthrax 's Scott Ian , Chuck D also performed with them .
Here 's some video of the boarders :
As for the future of the temporary winter sports park , the Red Bull people now confirm that from February 16th - 22nd ( NYC 's public school vacation week , and following tomorrow 's Winter Jam ) , it will open to the public after being " reconfigured into a 3 - story skiing and snowboarding mountain .
Residents of all ages are welcome , and experts can bring their own equipment and shred on the freestyle features .
An additional 150 - foot long snow flume will also be on - site for sledding .
Demo snowboards and sleds will be available on - site free of charge for beginners .
Both the Red Bull Snowscrapers ramp and the snow flume will be open from 11:00 am - 4:00 pm daily . "
Time to polish up those saucers with kitchen oil !
Back when I did some Ruby on Rails development I was a big fan of autotest .
With it I could stay in my editor while the project test suite got executed with every change .
Setup
Now that I ’m working in Python I was looking for something similar and I was successful .
You ’ll need the following :
Mac OS X
Growl
nose
nosegrowl
tdaemon
Then you can execute tdaemon like this in your project directory :
Usage
tdaemon.py -- custom- args='-- with - growl '
This will continually execute the test suite and notify you with growl about the status as you can see in this screencast :
Demo
Details
To get this working as shown in the screencast I actually had to make some changes .
First nosegrowl did n’t install well using easy_install as the images were missing .
So I went ahead and did it manually :
$ hg clone http://hg.assembla.com/nosegrowl $ cd nosegrowl / nose - growl / $ sed - i.bak 's/growl.start/# growl.start /' nosegrowl/growler.py $ python setup.py install
The ‘ sed ’ command is optional .
But I do n’t want to be notified when the test suite starts , only when it ends .
So I uncomment the growl . start line .
Additionally to make tdaemon less noisy when working with vim I added the swap files to the exclude list .
Open the tdaemon.py file and edit the IGNORE_EXTENSIONS line to look like this :
IGNORE_EXTENSIONS
= ( ' pyc ' , ' pyo ' , ' swp ' )
The Israeli military had its first post - ceasefire casualty today , when a roadside bomb near the Kissufim border crossing killed one soldier and wounded three others .
So far none of the assorted groups that fought Israel during the invasion of the Gaza Strip has claimed credit for the attack .
But that did n’t prevent Israel from launching attacks of its own .
A Palestinian farmer was shot and killed near the border when the troops involved in the bombing opened fire .
Israel also launched an air strike against a motorcycle in southern Gaza .
Two were injured in the attack : the presumptive target , a Hamas militant , and an anonymous Palestinian bystander .
The attacks may be the first of many as the ruling Kadima Party tries to shore up its pro-war image ahead of the elections , and tries to make up ground against the even more pro-war Likud Party .
Foreign Minister and Kadima leader Tzipi Livni demanded an immediate response to the attack , saying that in no way would Israel exercise any restraint in its retaliation .
The farmer , the second killed by Israeli forces since the ceasefire , certainly is under no illusions that Israel is exercising anything resembling restraint , but whether this marks a formal resumption of the war which claimed over 1,400 lives remains to be seen .
Our initial exposure to an idea shapes our intuition .
And our intuition impacts how much we enjoy a subject .
What do I mean ?
Suppose we want to define a “ cat ” :
Caveman definition : A furry animal with claws , teeth , a tail , 4 legs , that purrs when happy and hisses when angry …
A furry animal with claws , teeth , a tail , 4 legs , that purrs when happy and hisses when angry …
Evolutionary definition : Mammalian descendants of a certain species ( F. catus ) , sharing certain characteristics …
Mammalian descendants of a certain species ( F. catus ) , sharing certain characteristics …
Modern definition :
You call those definitions ?
Cats are animals sharing the following DNA : ACATACATACATACAT …
( Illustration courtesy Common Craft )
The modern definition is precise , sure .
But is it the best ?
Is it what you ’d teach a child learning the word ?
Does it give better insight into the “ catness ” of the animal ?
Not really .
The modern definition is useful , but after getting an understanding of what a cat is .
It should n’t be our starting point .
Unfortunately , math understanding seems to follow the DNA pattern .
We ’re taught the modern , rigorous definition and not the insights that led up to it .
We ’re left with arcane formulas ( DNA ) but little understanding of what the idea is .
Let ’s approach ideas from a different angle .
I imagine a circle : the center is the idea you ’re studying , and along the outside are the facts describing it .
We start in one corner , with one fact or insight , and work our way around to develop our understanding .
Cats have common physical traits leads to Cats have a common ancestor leads to A species can be identified by certain portions of DNA .
Aha !
I can see how the modern definition evolved from the caveman one .
But not all starting points are equal .
The right perspective makes math click — and the mathematical “ cavemen ” who first found an idea often had an enlightening viewpoint .
Let ’s learn how to build our intuition .
What is a Circle ?
Time for a math example :
How do you define a circle ?
There are seemingly countless definitions .
Here ’s a few :
The most symmetric 2 - d shape possible
The shape that gets the most area for the least perimeter ( see the isoperimeter property )
All points in a plane the same distance from a given point ( drawn with a compass , or a pencil on a string )
The points ( x , y ) in the equation x 2 + y 2 = r 2 ( analytic version of the geometric definition above )
+ y = r ( analytic version of the geometric definition above )
The points in the equation r * cos(t ) , r * sin(t ) , for all t ( really analytic version )
The shape whose tangent line is always perpendicular to the position vector ( physical interpretation )
The list goes on , but here ’s the key : the facts all describe the same idea !
It ’s like saying 1 , one , uno , eins , “ the solution to 2 x + 3 = 5 ″ or “ the number of noses on your face ” — just different names for the idea of “ unity ” .
But these initial descriptions are important — they shape our intuition .
Because we see circles in the real world before the classroom , we understand their “ roundness ” .
No matter what fancy equation we see ( x2 + y2 = r2 ) , we know deep inside that a circle is “ round ” .
If we graphed that equation and it appeared square , or lopsided , we ’d know there was a mistake .
As children , we learn the “ caveman ” definition of a circle ( a really round thing ) , which gives us a comfortable intuition .
We can see that every point on our “ round thing ” is the same distance from the center .
x2 + y2 = r2 is the analytic way of expressing that fact , using the Pythagorean theorem for distance .
We started in one corner , with our intuition , and worked our way around to the formal definition .
Other ideas are n’t so lucky .
Do we instinctively see the growth of e , or is it an abstract definition ?
Do we realize the rotation of i , or is it an artificial , useless idea ?
A Strategy For Developing Insight
I still have to remind myself about the deeper meaning of e and i — which seems as absurd as “ remembering ” that a circle is round or what a cat looks like !
It should be the natural insight we start with .
Missing the big picture drives me crazy : math is about ideas — formulas are just a way to express them .
Once the central concept is clear , the equations snap into place .
Here ’s a strategy that has helped me :
Step 1 : Find the central theme of a math concept .
This can be difficult , but try starting with its history .
Where was the idea first used ?
What was the discoverer doing ?
This use may be different from our modern interpretation and application .
This can be difficult , but try starting with its history .
Where was the idea first used ?
What was the discoverer doing ?
This use may be different from our modern interpretation and application .
Step 2 : Explain a property / fact using the theme .
Use the theme to make an analogy to the formal definition .
If you ’re lucky , you can translate the math equation ( x 2 + y 2 = r 2 ) into a plain - english statement ( “ All points the same distance from the center ” ) .
Use the theme to make an analogy to the formal definition .
If you ’re lucky , you can translate the math equation ( x + y = r ) into a plain - english statement ( “ All points the same distance from the center ” ) .
Step 3 : Explore related properties using the same theme .
Once you have an analogy or interpretation that works , see if it applies to other properties .
Sometimes it will , sometimes it wo n’t ( and you ’ll need a new insight ) , but you ’d be surprised what you can discover .
Let ’s try it out .
A Real Example : Understanding e
Understanding the number e has been a major battle .
e appears all of science , and has numerous definitions , yet rarely clicks in a natural way .
Let ’s build some insight around this idea .
The following section will have several equations , which are simply ways to describe ideas .
Even if the equation is gibberish , there ’s a plain - english idea behind it .
Here ’s a few popular definitions of e :
The first step is to find a theme .
Looking at e’s history , it seems it has something to do with growth or interest rates .
e was discovered when performing business calculations ( not abstract mathematical conjectures ) so “ interest ” ( growth ) is a possible theme .
Let ’s look at the first definition , in the upper left .
The key jump , for me , was to realize how much this looked like the formula for compound interest .
In fact , it is the interest formula when you compound 100 % interest for 1 unit of time , compounding as fast as possible .
Definition 1 : Define e as 100 % compound growth at the smallest increment possible .
The article on e describes this interpretation .
Let ’s look at the second definition : an infinite series of terms , getting smaller and smaller .
What could this be ?
After noodling this over using the theme of “ interest ” we see this definitions shows the components of compound interest .
Now , insights do n’t come instantly — this insight might strike after brainstorming “ What could 1 + 1 + 1/2 + 1/6 + … ” represent when talking about growth ? ”
Well , the first term ( 1 = 1/0 ! , remembering that 0 ! is 1 ) is your principal , the original amount .
The next term ( 1 = 1/1 ! ) is the “ direct ” interest you earned — 100 % of 1 .
The next term ( 0.5 = 1/2 ! ) is the amount of money your interest made ( “ 2nd level interest ” ) .
The following term ( .1666 = 1/3 ! ) is your “ 3rd - level interest ” — how much money your interest ’s interest earned !
Money earns money , which earns money , which earns money , and so on — the sequence separates out these contributions ( read the article on e to see how Mr. Blue , Mr. Green & Mr. Red grow independently ) .
There ’s much more to say , but that ’s the “ growth - focused ” understanding of that idea .
Definition 2 : Define e by the contributions each piece of interest makes
Neato .
Now to the 3rd , and shortest definition .
What does it mean ?
Instead of thinking “ derivative ” ( which turns your brain into equation - crunching mode ) , think about what it means .
The feeling of the equation .
Make it your friend .
It ’s the calculus way of saying “ Your rate of growth is equal to your current amount ” .
Well , growing at your current amount would be a 100 % interest rate , right ?
And by always growing it means you are always calculating interest — it ’s another way of describing continuously compound interest !
Definition 3 : Define e as a function that always grows at 100 % of your current value
Nice — e is the number where you ’re always growing by exactly your current amount ( 100 % ) , not 1 % or 200 % .
Time for the last definition — it ’s a tricky one .
Here ’s my interpretation : Instead of describing how much you grew , why not say how long it took ?
If you ’re at 1 and growing at 100 % , it takes 1 unit of time to get from 1 to 2 .
But once you ’re at 2 , and growing 100 % , it means you ’re growing at 2 units per unit time !
So it only takes 1/2 unit of time to go from 2 to 3 .
Going from 3 to 4 only takes 1/3 unit of time , and so on .
The time needed to grow from 1 to A is the time from 1 to 2 , 2 to 3 , 3 to 4 … and so on , until you get to A .
The first definition defines the natural log ( ln ) as shorthand for this “ time to grow ” computation .
ln(a ) is simply the time to grow from 1 to a .
We then say that “ e ” is the number that takes exactly 1 unit of time to grow to .
Said another way , e is is the amount of growth after waiting exactly 1 unit of time !
Definition 4 : Define the time needed to grow continuously from 1 to a as ln( a ) .
e is the amount of growth you have after 1 unit of time .
Whablamo !
These are four different ways to describe the mysterious e.
Once we have the core idea ( “e is about 100 % continuous growth ” ) , the crazy equations snap into place — it ’s possible to translate calculus into English .
Math is about ideas !
What ’s the Moral ?
In math class , we often start with the last , most complex idea .
It ’s no wonder we ’re confused — we ’re showing DNA and expecting students to see the cat .
I ’ve learned a few lessons from this approach , and it underlies how I understand and explain math :
Search for insights and apply them .
That first intuitive insight can help everything else snap into place .
Start with a definition that makes sense and “ walk around the circle ” to find others .
That first intuitive insight can help everything else snap into place .
Start with a definition that makes sense and “ walk around the circle ” to find others .
Develop mental toughness .
Banging your head against an idea is no fun .
If it does n’t click , come at it from different angles .
There ’s another book , another article , another person who explains it in a way that makes sense to you .
Banging your head against an idea is no fun .
If it does n’t click , come at it from different angles .
There ’s another book , another article , another person who explains it in a way that makes sense to you .
It ’s ok to be visual .
We think of math as rigid and analytic — but visual interpretations are ok !
Do what develops your understanding .
Imaginary numbers were puzzling until their geometric interpretation came to light , decades after their initial discovery .
Looking at equations all day did n’t help mathematicians “ get ” what they were about .
Math becomes difficult when we emphasize definitions over understanding .
Remember that the modern definition is the most advanced step of thought , not necessarily the starting point .
Do n’t be afraid to approach a concept from a funny angle — figure out the plain - English sentence behind the equation .
Happy math .
Join Over 450k Monthly Readers Enjoy the article ?
There 's plenty more to help you build a lasting , intuitive understanding of math .
Join the newsletter for bonus content and the latest updates .
Other Posts In This Series
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
On the night before Barack Obama is sworn in as the nation ’s 44th President , his inaugural committee will host a series of dinners honoring public servants it deems champions of bipartisanship .
To be feted are Vice President - elect Joe Biden , Colin Powell , and John McCain , whom Obama vanquished last November .
At the McCain dinner , the GOP senator , who managed to suppress his bipartisan tendencies during the hard - fought 2008 campaign , will be introduced by one of his closest Senate confidants : Senator Lindsey Graham .
But McCain ’s No. 1 booster during the last year will not be among those hailing McCain .
Alaska Governor Sarah Palin , his controversial running - mate , will not attend the dinner , Bill McAllister , a Palin spokesman tells Mother Jones .
Can true tribute be paid to McCain without Palin ’s presence ?
Picking her for his party ’s veep nomination was McCain ’s most decisive and significant action of his campaign .
And she spent weeks praising him as an American hero , a man the country desperately needed as president .
True , the Palin and McCain camps have bickered with each other since the election about some of the campaign ’s miscues .
But should n’t she be part of any celebration of McCain ?
According to McAllister , Palin will spend next week in her home state preparing for the legislative session , which begins on Tuesday , and for her State of the State address on Thursday .
Was she even invited ?
“ I do n’t know if she was invited , ” McCallister says .
Do n’t know ?
How could that be ?
It ’s hard to miss an invitation from a presidential inauguration committee .
For its part , Obama ’s inaugural committee has declined to say whether an invitation was sent to Palin .
Repeated phone calls to its press office produced no answer to this simple question .
The committee has announced that the McCain dinner will be held at the Hilton Washington and that Democratic Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick will be the master of ceremonies .
It notes that the attendees of all three bipartisan dinners will include “ leaders in Congress from both sides of the aisle and Americans of both parties from across the country . ”
Just not one particular American from up north .
If Palin was left off the guest list , it ’s not clear whether the snub came from McCain or the Presidential Inaugural Committee .
But it ’s not terribly hard to imagine why she might not make the cut .
There appears to be lingering bad blood between the McCain and Palin factions , over such issues as the profligate spending spree to attire the vice presidential candidate and her family ( Silk boxers for the first dude ? ) and the McCain campaign ’s botched media roll - out of Palin .
The Alaska Governor still appears to be holding a grudge against the McCainiacs , as evidenced by recently released excerpts from her interview with conservative filmmaker John Ziegler , whose forthcoming documentary explores the “ media malpractice ” that supposedly paved the way for Obama ’s election .
In the interview , she lashed out at the media , but also criticized her McCain campaign handlers for allowing her to become a campaign punchline in multiple disastrous interviews with CBS News ’ Katie Couric .
Given that the McCain dinner will celebrate bipartisanship , not conflict - resolution , perhaps it ’s best for Palin to keep her distance .
It may be that she and McCain still need some time apart .
Photo by flickr user sskennel used under a Creative Commons license .
The $ 700 billion financial rescue package approved by Congress to shore up banks also carries a parallel bailout of the financial sector and other industries through a series of obscure tax breaks .
Operating mostly under the radar screen , Congress , the Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue Service have been rolling back various provisions of the tax code to help out industries and investors caught up in the turmoil .
The most costly -- and most controversial -- of the moves provide billions in extra tax relief to big banks such as Wells Fargo & Co. and Spain 's Banco Santander SA .
Another change gives aid to investors stung by the auction - rate securities meltdown .
Still another shift relaxes tax rules to help big multinationals bring back cash from overseas .
The total sums involved are n't clear , but the cost will easily amount to tens of billions of dollars , tax experts say .
The latest such move was unveiled on Tuesday , when the Treasury Department declared that the cash infusions for banks wo n't be considered " federal financial assistance . "
Normally , that type of funding would count as taxable income for the recipients , and could trigger other unfavorable tax consequences for banks receiving assistance that take part in mergers .
ヤフーの画像はなぜyimg.jpドメインなのか？ サイト高速化の手法とヤフーの失敗例
でヤフーがなぜドメインを変えて画像サーバを運用しているかが書かれている.「静的なコンテンツに対してクッキーフリードメインを使うことによって速度向上を狙う」というのが理由とあって,これはこれでもちろん正しいのだけれど,これはどちらかというと副次的な理由で本当の理由は違う.
クッキーフリードメインを使うことで悪意あるFlashコンテンツなどから自社ドメインのクッキーを守るためというのが本当の理由で,これはあちこちで使われているテクニックだ.Flashコンテンツは外部の業者さんに作ってもらったり,広告の入稿素材として入ってくるので,信頼できないデータとして取り扱う必要があり,万一まずいデータがアップされることがあっても大丈夫にしておく必要がある.
最近ユーザからの任意のコンテンツを受けつけて同一ドメインで配信しているCGMサイトがあったりしますが,割と危険だと思うので,今一度問題ないか確認してみるといいでしょう.
「えぇ？！そんなこといまさら言われても,もうあちこちのHTMLに埋め込まれちゃって変更は無理なんだけど」
という方もいるでしょう.そんな人はこんな方法で対応できます.
新しいドメインを取ってDNS的にCNAMEを割り振る. 下記のようなrewriteルールを適用して旧ドメインへのアクセスを新ドメインへリダイレクトする.
RewriteCond %{HTTP_HOST} ^www.example.com$
RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} \.swf $ RewriteRule ^/(.*)
http://newdomain.com/$1 [ R ]
( 実際はセキュアイメージなどもあるので,もうちょっと複雑なルールになるでしょう)
3. 以後は新ドメインでの運用を周知する .
ご参考まで .
( おしまい )
More than 20 prominent British Muslims have signed a joint letter denouncing antisemitic attacks and called for continued Muslim vigilance against antisemitism .
Some of the UK's leading theologians , imams , writers , community activists and others have signed and circulated this message widely .
It has been sent today , to coincide with Friday prayers , to nearly a thousand British mosques .
In the name of God , most compassionate , most merciful ,
Dear Fellow Muslims ,
We are deeply saddened to hear about antisemitic assaults on British Jews , and a recent arson attack on a London synagogue .
Although the perpetrators are yet unknown , we unreservedly condemn attacks on innocent British citizens and the desecration of all places of worship .
The ongoing killing of Palestinian civilians in Gaza by Israeli forces has angered us all .
However , this does not , and cannot , justify attacks on our fellow citizens of Jewish faith and background here in Britain .
Most Muslims are completely against such behaviour .
However , we call on all Muslims to continue to remain vigilant against attempts to bring our own faith and community into disrepute .
British Jews should not be held responsible for the actions of the Israeli
government .
Yours in Islam and peace ,
Shaikh Abdal - Hakim Murad , Cambridge
Shaikh Mawlana Shahid Raza , Leicester and London
Shaikh Sayyid- Mohammed Musawi , London
Shaikh Ali Qadiri , Barking
Shaikh Mufti Barkatulla , London
Shaikh Dr Musharraf Hussain MBE , Nottingham
Shaikh Dr Usama Hasan , London
Shaikh Bilal Abdullah , London
Shaikh Aftab Ahmad Malik , Bristol
Shaikh Irfan Chishti MBE , Rochdale
Dr Tahir Abbas , Birmingham
Navid Akhtar , London
Parvin Ali OBE , Leicester
Kamran Fazil , Birmingham
Rokhsana Fiaz , London
Ed Husain , London
Azeem Ibrahim , Glasgow
Maajid Nawaz , London
Dr Zahoor Qureshi , London
Usman Raja , Berkshire
Yasmin Sheikh MBE , London
Zeshan Zafar , London
I 'm sure you 've heard about the hundreds of economists that are either for or against President Obama 's stimulus plan .
My question to the media is :
Where are they ?
Thankfully , Paul Krugman goes on THIS WEEK and usually destroys the panel when they regurgitate disingenuous economic talking points that they probably do n't understand .
But that 's not enough .
One man can't do it .
FOX seems to depend on Dick Morris as their economic consultant , so we know where they stand on this issue , but enough already .
Why do I have to see Republican and Democratic consultants ( whatever that means ) debate the same points over and over again on every show throughout the day ?
Why does n't CNN , MSNBC , FOX , ABC , CBS , CNBC and NBC reach out and invite panels of economists on to discuss this important issue ?
Where are they hiding ?
The networks like to have the same tired debate format with the same hired analysts debating with " sound and fury " that usually " signifies nothing " to most of America .
Last week the media chose to have Republicans like John Boehner , who helped create the situation we 're in , dominate the airwaves , which does nothing but muddy up the discussion on our rapidly failing economy .
And which leads Villagers like Chuck Todd to proclaim that Republicans have won the spin wars .
It 's a " spending bill " now .
Chuck
Todd just said that the Republicans have won the spin war on the recovery bill and says that Claire McCaskill even admitted it when she said the Democrats had larded the bill up with spending .
He says it 's now known as a " spending bill " not a stimulus bill .
( He does n't say " who " now sees it that way . )
But I would guess it 's gasbags like Matthews who are going on and on about condoms and wondering how the Democrats did n't understand that their job is to write a Republican bill .
Why is it called a " spending bill " ?
Because the Villagers have decided that the Republicans have won the PR war over the stimulus package .
How does that tired argument help this country in a time of crisis ?
I know the spin wars play a role when messaging is concerned because Americans get a lot of their news through the TV and the elitists get aroused by all this nonsense , but it 's killing us .
Please Stop It . C&L has often documented how the media tries to elect our politicians , ( They chose Bush over Gore , How did that work out ? ) but now they are trying to decide how this very important stimulus package will be dealt with .
I wish part of the stimulus plan included money to be sent to the failing print journalism industry so good journalists can keep reporting on things of substance which the public desperately needs .
If the networks are forced to lay off 20 % of their on - air news departments ( I would hope not ) because of bad revenues , then maybe they will start to treat this bill seriously .
Please , where 's the meat ?
Stop playing games with our lives .
Put people on who can explain it coherently .
Economics is complicated .
Sound bites are n't enough .
Obama was elected to bring change to the economy , not to debate the merits of tax cuts all over again .
We had that discussion for 18 months and Obama won .
Tax cuts lost .
Why is the media ignoring that fact ?
John McCain ran on tax cuts to save us and he lost .
Now he 's telling his supporters that he 's going to vote NO on the stimulus plan and wants them to sign a petition .
You lost the election badly .
Democrats have solid majorities everywhere you look , but not when it comes to the media that is supposed to inform us and not play " spin wars ' with the country .
Finally President Obama is telling it like it is :
In the past few days , I 've heard criticisms that this [ stimulus ] plan is somehow wanting , and these criticisms echo the very same failed economic theories that led us into this crisis in the first place , the notion that tax cuts alone will solve all our problems , that we can ignore fundamental challenges like energy independence and the high cost of health care , that we can somehow deal with this in a piecemeal fashion and still expect our economy and our country to thrive .
I reject those theories .
And so did the American people when they went to the polls in November and voted resoundingly for change .
Chuck Todd reports that the Republicans want more tax cuts in the stimulus .
Who gives a damn except the Villagers ?
The gOS ( “ good OS ” ) project has issued an SP1 release of gOS 3.1 Gadgets .
This latest gOS release implements numerous package updates , bug fixes , and configuration enhancements , and continues gOS ’s strong dependence on Google ’s web - based applications .
At its core , gOS 3.1 Gadgets is built from Ubuntu 8.04 ( Hardy Heron ) .
Modifications include a bright green theme , several changes to the distribution ’s default applications , and an increased emphasis on web - based applications — especially Google’s .
gOS 3.1 ’s default desktop — filled with colorful gadgets
( Click image to enlarge )
Welcome to “ cloud computing ”
On arriving at gOS ’s desktop for the first time , you ’re greeted with a dizzying array of Vista - like desktop gadgets that open up applications within Mozilla Prism windows when clicked .
This approach makes web - based applications — Google Mail , Google Calendar , and YouTube , for example — appear to be native Linux applications , rather than web pages embedded in a Firefox browser .
According to the gOS project , users can select desktop gadgets from an online repository of 100,000 Google Gadgets .
The default gOS desktop ( shown above ) comes with gadgets for Google Calendar , Google News , weather , calculator , and several system tools .
Additional gadgets can be added by right - clicking a small , multicolored icon located near the right edge of the top - of - page GNOME panel ( see image above - right ) .
From that icon you can choose
Add gadgets , Show all , or Hide all gadgets .
Prism - powered desktop gadgets are not the only unusual aspect of the gOS desktop .
The other is a set of 16 application - launch icons located at the bottom of the desktop :
A row of animated application - launch icons appears at the bottom of gOS ’s desktop
Mouse over each of the icons and it grows larger ; click on one and its associated application launches .
This animated application - launch function , based on a desktop add - on called wbar , can also be added to a standard Ubuntu installation ( watch for a future DeviceGuru article on this topic ) .
At first I could n’t figure out how to modify gOS ’s standard set of application - launch icons at the bottom of its desktop .
After a bit of googling , however , I realized that the OS comes with a wbar configuration utility .
You can find it here : gOS menu > Accessories > WbarConf .
It lets you add / remove apps from the set , and change the size of the font that shows up in the animated launcher icons .
I was pleased to see that gOS comes with Adobe Flash preinstalled .
This is n’t too surprising , of course , since it ’s needed for the included YouTube launcher to actually be able to play videos .
Thankfully , a Firefox Flash plugin comes preinstalled
( Click image to enlarge )
On the other hand , a Java plugin for Firefox did n’t come preinstalled .
I remedied this by selecting / installing the “ Sun Java6 ” package ( along with its dependencies ) using the tool available at gOS menu >
Add / Remove .
( Note : before doing this , enable all software repositories using the tool available at gOS menu > System > Administration > Software Sources . )
Adding Sun ’s Java plugin to Firefox
( Click thumbnails to enlarge )
Oh , and I almost forget to mention one more thing I really like about gOS Gadgets 3.1 .
It comes with the Medibuntu package repository preinstalled , offers a wealth of multimedia applications , codecs , and drivers available at the click of a mouse .
Thanks to the presence of Medibuntu in gOS ’s repository catalog , you can use the software Add / Remove tool ( gOS menu > Add / Remove ) easily to select and install numerous media streamers , CD / DVD players and rippers , and much more .
Additional screenshots from my brief investigation of gOS 3.1 Gadgets ( SP1 ) appear below .
They show many of gOS 3.1 ’s key features , including its application menus , default desktop gadgets , application launchers , and tools for adding desktop gadgets and modifying the bottom - of - screen animated application - installer .
gOS 3.1 Gadgets ( SP1 ) screenshots — click each to enlarge
gOS 3.1 Gadgets ( SP1 ) screenshots — click each to enlarge
Further thoughts
Overall , gOS represents an intriguing Ubuntu re-spin .
Its most significant contribution will probably be its use as a proof - of - concept platform for netbooks , netpads , and MIDs intended to run mostly web - based applications — what might be called mobile “ cloud computing ” devices .
At this point , I ’m not sold on using either Prism - based desktop gadgets or wbar - based animated application - launch icons on my own systems .
However , that does n’t mean I wo n’t warm up to these two intriguing innovations in the future .
In any event it ’ll be interesting to watch gOS evolve .
In fact , the gOS team recently announced that an even lighter - weight gOS implementation , known as gOS Cloud , is being readied for shipment to device makers .
Although it ’s not available for public download at this point , here ’s what gOS Cloud is intended to accomplish :
“ Cloud is a small operating system that boots directly into a browser environment in seconds .
Deeply integrated with the operating system , Cloud is able to power off , adjust volume , and perform other system functions and run rich client applications all from within the browser .
In addition , Cloud can switch to Windows and be preloaded on computers with Windows plus Cloud , or just Cloud . ”
For more information about gOS Gadget , or to download the OS and give it a whirl , visit the project ’s website .
Top female lawyer who felt ' under pressure over credit crunch workload ' found dead in Thames
Talented : Mother - of - three Mrs Bailey
A successful City lawyer found dead in the Thames is feared to have committed suicide after complaining about the pressures of her work .
Catherine Bailey , a mother of three who specialised in banking and commercial law , had recently handled several corporate cases linked to the credit crunch .
And police said she had complained to her husband that she felt under pressure at work .
On Friday , the 41 - year - old went missing after leaving her firm 's office in the City of London , at about 2 pm .
The next day her body was found in the river at Richmond , South - West London .
Mrs Bailey was married to Neil Ashman , a doctor .
They lived in a £ 1 million Edwardian townhouse in Islington , North London , with their daughters , all under six .
Yesterday her family attended her funeral at a nearby church .
A prayer in the order of service read : ' She was a woman of extraordinary strength , vivacious and passionate in upholding her deep sense of moral values .
She loved deeply , with great loyalty .
She was honest and forthright in her views and opinions . '
It paid tribute to Mrs Bailey as a ' wonderful woman ' with a ' sharp wit and infectious humour ' .
Mrs Bailey was a partner at law firm SJ Berwin .
Colleagues described her as talented and ' hugely popular ' .
Managing partner Ralph Cohen said : ' Catherine was an exceptional lawyer , a tremendous and valued partner and an integral part of the litigation practice and the firm over many years . '
Born in South Africa , she attended university in Cape Town , where her husband also studied .
The couple moved to London after she accepted a job at her firm in 1995 , and married in 1999 .
Mrs Bailey became a partner at SJ Berwin in 2003 .
Her clients included banks , hedge funds and stockbrokers , many of which would have been hit by the credit crunch .
She specialised in banking and financial regulation disputes .
Former neighbour Steve Robinson , 45 , said : ' Catherine was always very businesslike and responsible .
They seemed to be a very close family . '
Detectives said they were not treating the drowning as suspicious , but an inquest would have to rule whether it was suicide or an accident .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Call it a love affair so far between Barack Obama and the American people .
President - elect Barack Obama is on vacation in Hawaii after appointing his Cabinet in record time .
More than eight in 10 , or 82 percent , of those questioned in a CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll released Wednesday approve of the way Obama is handling his presidential transition .
That approval is up 3 percentage points from when CNN asked the same question at the beginning of December .
Fifteen percent of those surveyed disapprove of the way the president - elect is handling his transition , down 3 points from the last poll .
Obama 's approval is higher than George W. Bush eight years ago .
Bush had a 65 percent approval rating during his transition , and Bill Clinton was at 67 percent in 1992 .
" Barack Obama is having a better honeymoon with the American public than any incoming president in the past three decades .
He 's putting up better numbers , usually by double digits , than Bill Clinton , Ronald Reagan or either George Bush on every item traditionally measured in transition polls , " said Keating Holland , CNN 's polling director .
The poll also suggests that the public approves of the president - elect 's Cabinet nominees , with 56 percent of those questioned saying his appointments have been outstanding or above average .
Thirty - two percent said they feel the picks have been average , and 11 percent said Obama 's choices have been below average or poor .
That 56 percent figure is 18 percentage points higher than those who said Bush 's Cabinet appointments were outstanding or above average and 26 points higher than those who felt the same way about Clinton 's nominees .
Watch how the economy is the top issue on voters ' minds »
" Obama walks in with nearly twice the support on the economy that President - elect Clinton had in January 1993 , and he beats Ronald Reagan as well , " Holland adds .
A third said that their impression of Obama has gotten better since the election , with 8 percent saying their opinion has gotten worse .
" The bad news for Obama : History shows that presidents usually start to lose support once they assume office and start making the tough decisions .
But with eight in 10 currently approving of Obama , he can give away 20 or 30 points and still have a majority of the country on his side .
That 's a reservoir of good will that may help him get things done in his first few months on the job , " Holland said .
Watch whether Obama can fix the economy »
The CNN / Opinion Research poll was conducted Friday through Sunday , with 1,013 adult Americans questioned by telephone .
The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points .
All About Barack Obama • Bill Clinton • Ronald Reagan
Rising prison numbers and shrinking budgets are prompting a new look at criminal justice policies in the US , which has the biggest prison population in the world .
Lucy Ash reports from Kansas for BBC Radio 4's Law in Action .
Raphael Frazier has spent most of his twenties behind bars .
He served five years in prison for aggravated robbery and when he got out he felt immediately antagonised by his suspicious parole officer .
" He just did n't want to give me a chance .
On my first day out he snapped an ankle bracelet on me .
It was like caging a dog up , " Raphael says .
Before long Raphael was back in prison for violating his parole conditions .
Then he was convicted again - this time for forging pay roll cheques .
That was a skill he picked up behind bars from more experienced inmates .
" I went in at 17 just as a dumb kid and when I came out I had tools to do whatever bad things I wanted to do , " he says .
Raphael was caught in a downward spiral like many other inmates in the US .
Raphael Frazier hopes the new approach will keep him out of prison
The US accounts for just 5 % of the world 's population but a quarter of prisoners .
More than one in 100 adults are behind bars and last year , more than seven million or one in 32 Americans , were either locked up , on probation or on parole .
Reoffending rates are high - more than half of former prisoners are back inside within three years of their release .
But this time things could turn out better for Raphael .
He has a different parole officer who is actively trying to help him find work , and the US 's most innovative prisoner re-entry programme is being rolled out in his state .
New thinking
But why here , in the heart of the traditionally conservative Corn Belt ?
Well , it 's mainly down to cash .
In Kansas , as in many other states , prisons are draining the state budget .
The number of people locked up increased by 25 % in just a decade and two years ago the state was faced with building an additional 1,800 prison beds at a cost of $ 500 m .
We have to think long - term and stop arguing about what criminals deserve .
Instead we need to focus on what we deserve as citizens and that leads us to a very different set of interventions
Roger Werholtz Roger Werholtz , the secretary of corrections , was forced to examine how to spend criminal justice dollars more effectively .
For decades , he says , policy in the US has been driven by the public 's emotional response to criminals .
" We are mad at them , frightened by them , frustrated by them , and so our typical response has been very punitive , " he says .
But Mr Werholtz argues locking people up is only a temporary solution since more than 95 % of prisoners will eventually be released into the community .
" We have to think long - term and stop arguing about what criminals deserve .
Instead we need to focus on what we deserve as citizens and that leads us to a very different set of interventions . "
To avoid building expensive new prisons , Mr Werholtz revolutionised his parole service .
In the past , officers routinely locked electronic tags on their clients , inspected urine samples for traces of illegal drugs and kept a sharp eye out for other violations .
As a result , says Kent Sisson , parole director for southern Kansas , many ex-cons gave his office a wide berth .
LISTEN TO THE PROGRAMME Law in Action on BBC Radio 4 Tuesdays at 16.00 GMT
Visit the programme website or subscribe to the podcast " It was like a game - they would get out of prison and do whatever they liked until we finally tracked them down , arrested them and sent them back inside , " Mr Sisson says .
Breaking the cycle Two - thirds of the offenders entering Kansas prisons in 2006 were guilty of parole violations - 90 % of them technicalities like missing meetings with counsellors .
Now parole officers are told to act less like cops and more like social workers .
Sally
Frey heads a team of re-entry specialists who focus on the high - risk offenders .
At first some people accused us of being too soft - of wanting to ' hug - a - thug '
Sally Frey , Re-Entry Specialist
The programme starts inside prison where inmates are encouraged to enrol for job training .
On release day parole officers and re-entry staff will often be waiting for their client outside the prison gate .
" At first some people accused us of being too soft - of wanting to ' hug - a - thug ' , " says Ms Frey .
" But you know the old ' trail em ' , nail 'em and jail 'em stuff does n't work .
We want people to come out and stay out and become responsible tax - paying citizens . "
She says many ex-cons have learned their lesson and do n't want to go back to prison but others have so little to lose that they lack motivation .
Now her job is to give people like Lorelei , who has spent most of her life struggling with crack addiction and drifting in and out of penal institutions , fresh incentives .
" They help with housing , clothing , with jobs , " says Lorelei .
" They help if you do n't have ID - they help with almost anything you can think of because when you come out of prison you have nothing . "
Roger Werholtz admits some parole officers still think the new approach is a terrible mistake but says most are now enthusiastic .
Mike Lentz , a parole officer at the Wichita office , says he finds his job more rewarding now .
He encourages Raphael to keep sending out job applications and to rebuild relations with his familty .
" Before you kept on seeing the same people coming back time and again - it was demoralising for us and for them , " he says .
Another ex-offender Paul Dixon , is sitting in the parole office with his wife .
Paul worked through the issues which led to his addiction and criminality Paul 's parents were alcoholics , he started using cocaine aged 13 and his eldest brother died of an overdose .
Although Paul later managed to hold down a job and get married , tragedy struck again .
He was looking after his baby daughter and woke up in the morning to find her lying dead in the bed besides him .
After that Paul got mixed up with crime again - drugs , guns and pimping .
He was in prison in 2006 when he heard about the re-entry programme and initially he was cynical about it .
" I was going to try and play the system but these people , they actually try to help you , " he says , his eyes filling with tears .
" One day my case manager Rita and my drug and alcohol counsellor , Gloria , made me sit down and go back through my life and face everything I have done and one thing I never worked through was my daughter 's death .
" I felt such terrible guilt about that , I always stayed high or drunk so I did n't have to face it . "
Talking proved cathartic and Paul says he is now capable of acting responsibly and looking after his family .
Paul 's wife , Rebecca , admits that at first she was n't sure if she wanted her husband to come out of prison .
" I was scared because he used to be a scary person .
I waited for him and every weekend I took the kids to see him but I did n't know if he had really changed .
" And you know the re-entry team , they would talk to me and just help me through those anxieties . "
Re-entry here clearly goes beyond the practicalities of housing , employment and drug treatment .
It 's also about psychological therapy even marriage guidance .
Success
The new strategy seems to be working : five years ago around 203 parolees returned to Kansas prisons each month but by 2007 , the number reduced by 100 per month and the number of new crimes - felony convictions that people pick up while they are on parole supervision - also nearly halved .
Darell and Laurie had faith in the system offered ex-offender Paul a job But long - term success depends not just on bipartisan support from state politicians , or the commitment of the ex-offenders and the re- entry staff but also on support from the wider public - landlords , neighbours and employers .
Darell Rankin and Laurie Belk run an auto salvage yard on the south side of Wichita .
It is where Paul Dixon has worked since his release from prison .
" We liked him as soon as he walked in here , " says Laurie .
" He was honest about his past and he is a good worker . "
" Kansas has a website , " adds Darell .
" So I could look and see what his criminal background was and I had the telephone number for his case worker .
" So I called her and she said he needed a job and he was really trying .
So we thought let 's give him a chance - if he is trying , we 'll try . "
Tune in to BBC Radio 4at 16.00GMT on Tuesday , 3 February 2009 to hear Lucy Ash 's full report for Law in Action .
You can also listen to Law in Action on the BBC iPlayeror subscribe to the podcast .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For over a hundred years , visitors have been flocking to the strange , secluded desert of fascinating Death Valley .
Sharing sections of California and Nevada , this massive National Park is the largest in the lower 48 states by far , covering 3.4 million acres .
Considered inhospitable between the months of May and October , this park still draws thousands of eager visitors even then .
Peak season is generally considered to fall between November and early April , when temperatures are the most welcoming and make for an enjoyable hike .
Picture by 4gott .
Welcome to Shipping International
Consolidated Shipping Worldwide Full 20 ’ or 40 ’ containers or less than the container loads .
International Shipping Company - International Moving Company
We are your one - stop solution for international shipping of household goods , furniture and automobiles .
With the help of our trained and experienced professionals , we provide high - end packing , crating and palletizing in most major US cities .
Providing safe and secure shipping for our clients ' valuables is of the utmost importance to us , which is why when shipping multiple cars we use wooden structures that are measured , cut and built to support your automobiles specifically .
We then use heavy duty straps that are fastened until possible movement or sway within the container is negligible .
But we do n't stop there !
For suspended cars we use thick chains that are secured to the axles of the car for extra support and security .
Is this overkill ?
We do n't think so .
We 've heard the horror stories of other shipping companies merely using heavy duty straps on suspended automobiles .
Remember these containers are going on a cargo ship that will cross thousands of miles of possibly choppy ocean !
Do n't trust some inexperienced shipper with your valuables .
We 've been in the shipping business for over 40 years .
We do things the right way to insure your items arrive in the same condition in which you shipped them .
We provide door - to - port services from most of the major cities in the USA to thousands of overseas destinations around the world .
This includes popular port destinations in Asia , Africa , Australia , Europe , Middle East and South America .
We are a purely overseas shipping company .
We only deal in exports from the USA to most major ports around the world .
We do NOT ship domestically within the United States of America or the North American continent .
We are a reliable shipper that offers safe and secure international moving of furniture and boxes to almost any overseas destination .
We transfer anything and everything from personal items to oversized vehicles .
We help you decide the appropriate size of international shipping container to use so that it matches the size of what is being shipped .
We offer full containers and less - than containers to transport your furniture , beds , mattresses , couches , sofas , artwork , paintings , antiques , boxes , barrels , trunks , luggage , commercial cargo , machinery , car , van , motorcycle , pick up truck , boat , etc .
Whatever you 're shipping , we will work with you to find the right size of shipping container to help keep the costs low .
Although coffee gets a bad rap , it ’s actually a medicinal food .
In fact , this stimulating bean is n’t nearly so bad as we ’ve all been taught .
Although I ’m skeptical about grande latte supplementation in the long run ( it ’s a drug , after all ) , I found myself surprised by much of the science on coffee .
Poor Ponce de Leon ; all this time he should have been searching for the espresso machine .
Step aside , acai .
Here are 20 surprising health benefits of coffee .
Apparently , coffee and alcohol really do go together .
Believe it or not , alcohol drinkers who also drink coffee regularly have a lower chance of developing cirrhosis of the liver .
That ’s not to say it ’s a healthy lifestyle – obviously , lowering your alcohol consumption is better .
But …science says …
Caffeine reduces risk of skin cancer .
Sorry , venti quaffers , this prevention method is topical .
Lotions containing caffeine ( both from coffee and green tea ) have been shown to prevent the occurrence of cancerous tumors on the skin – in murine trials , anyway .
Have a smile with your morning brew !
If you ’re a caffephile , you do n’t need this Johns Hopkins study to tell you that a cup or two a day increases your sense of well - being and happiness .
You can thank dopamine for that , which also contributes to coffee ’s addictive nature .
But be aware , the study also noted that more than 2 cups daily increases the risk of anxiety and panic attacks .
Some people respond more readily than others – if you find yourself feeling jittery or nervous , ease up on the joe .
Caffeine may reduce chance of Parkinson ’s Disease .
A 30 - year study has shown that non-coffee drinkers have a higher chance of developing Parkinson ’s Disease than their coffee - drinking counterparts .
Most Americans get their antioxidants from coffee .
That does n’t mean it ’s the best source of antioxidants , just that it ’s the most consumed .
But , it ’s true , coffee is very high in antioxidants .
As for me , I ’ll stick to fruit .
Black gold .
After petroleum , coffee is the second most valuable economic product in the world .
Imagine the financial potential of running our cars on coffee grounds .
Coffee may cut colon cancer in women .
A 12 - year study on Japanese women found that drinking 3 or more cups of coffee per day may actually halve the risk of developing colon cancer .
They found no beneficial effect from green tea on the colon – in this case , it was strictly a coffee thing .
Coffee and diabetes , that ’s a tricky one .
Even though a Finnish study shows that drinking large amounts of coffee can reduce the risk of developing Type - 2 Diabetes , coffee drinkers who already have diabetes have a harder time controlling their blood sugar levels .
Coffee reduces muscle pain .
After a hard workout , a cup or two of coffee has been shown to reduce muscle soreness ( in women , anyway ) more effectively than naproxen , aspirin and ibuprofen .
( But do n’t replace your water thermos with coffee . )
Coffee will detox your liver in surprising ways .
This remedy is not one for drinking : we ’re talking about the coffee enema .
Some people swear by it – using a tube to introduce coffee into the rectum and colon in order to stimulate the liver to remove toxins .
Definitely not for the squeamish .
Coffee may reduce chance of death from heart disease .
Studies show that drinking 4 - 5 cups of coffee a day can make you less likely to die from heart disease .
The researchers think it may have something to do with coffee ’s anti-inflammatory effects .
The devil is in the grounds .
When coffee , which originated in Ethiopia and became popular in the Arab world , was first introduced to Western culture , Christian priests denounced it as the devil ’s drink , given to the Muslims as a substitute for the wine ( Christ ’s blood ) they were n’t allowed to consume .
The belief at the time was that any coffee - drinking Christian risked burning in hell forever .
Hooray , progress !
Coffee may help with short term memory .
It ’s probably because of caffeine ’s stimulant effects , but an Austrian study showed that volunteers given caffeinated coffee had better reaction times and short - term memory function than those who were given the cup of decaf .
For women , caffeine may prevent long term memory loss .
Because caffeine is a psychostimulant , older women who drink 3 or more cups of coffee or tea a day have less memory loss and cognitive decline than their counterparts who drink less or none .
Unfortunately , caffeine consumption does n’t seem to have any preventative effect against dementia .
Caffeine wo n’t cause hypertension .
Some of the studies can be contradictory and confusing .
What we do know is that for non-habitual coffee drinkers , those first few cups will cause a temporary rise in blood pressure , but for regular drinkers , a tolerance develops and wo n’t cause any long term , permanent increase .
The injustice of cheap coffee .
No , it ’s not just an injustice to your connoisseur taste buds ; conventional coffee farming exploits workers and destroys communities in third world countries .
On average , 5 % of the profits actually make it back to the farmers , who are hungry , underpaid and treated badly .
Why do they work on coffee plantations at all ?
Because in many cases , the plantations own the most fertile land ( which was most often acquired unscrupulously ) and the local people wo n’t survive from subsistence farming alone .
How can you avoid supporting the cycle of poverty , corruption and injustice ?
Only buy Fair Trade certified coffee .
Pesticides in your brew .
Because almost all coffee is grown in third world countries with less stringent laws than Europe or the United States , your non-organic cuppa is probably laden with chemicals .
That ’s not just bad for you , it ’s bad for the farmers and the tropical ecosystems in which the coffee is grown .
Go organic , will ya ?
Pick your poison – literally .
Caffeine is an alkaloid , which is a type of poisonous , bitter substance found in plants .
Other alkaloids include strychnine , nicotine , morphine , mescaline , and emetine ( the deadly ingredient in hemlock ) .
Fortunately , in small quantities the bean is harmless , but it ’s worth thinking about if you choose to use other drugs ( both pharmaceutical and recreational ) .
The FDA has approved caffeine for babies .
This does n’t mean you can wake up your sleepy infant with a bottle of latte .
Caffeine injections have been used medicinally since 1999 in the United States to stimulate breathing in infants who are experiencing apnea .
It ’s still recommended that pregnant and breastfeeding women keep their caffeine intake to a minimum , but a modest amount is safe .
Coffee can fight cavities .
Just avoid all the sugar and milk !
Actually , roasted coffee has some antibacterial properties , particularly against Streptococcus mutans , one of the major causes of cavities .
By the way , these properties have nothing to do with caffeine , so decaf drinkers will get the same protection .
Despite the positive health studies , it ’s best not to intentionally pick up the caffeine habit if you ’re not already a regular coffee drinker .
Even though some of the studies suggest drinking 3 or more daily cups to get the benefits , everyone is different .
If it makes you jittery and sick to your stomach , stick to a milder pick - me - up like green tea or yerba mate .
But if that morning cup makes you feel awake , alive and eager to greet the day , you might as well indulge ( in moderation ) in the world ’s most well - loved drink .
Editor ’s note : Sarah Irani is not responsible for the contents of your EcoSalon headline .
Image : One2c900d
WASHINGTON  Even before word came on Tuesday that Citigroup might split into pieces to shore up its finances , an unpleasant message was moving through Congress and President - elect Barack Obama ’s transition team : the banks need more taxpayer money .
In all likelihood , a lot more money .
Mr. Obama seems to know it ; a week before his swearing - in , he is lobbying Congress to release the other half of the financial industry bailout fund .
Democratic leaders in Congress seem to know it , too ; they are urging their rank and file to act quickly to release the rescue money .
And Ben S. Bernanke , the chairman of the Federal Reserve , certainly knows it .
On Tuesday , Mr. Bernanke publicly made the case that one of the most unpopular and most scorned programs in Washington  the $ 700 billion bailout program  needs to pour hundreds of billions more into the very banks and financial institutions that already received federal money and caused much of the credit crisis in the first place .
The most glaring example that the banking system needs even more help is Citigroup .
Though it already has received $ 45 billion from the Treasury , it is in such dire straits that it is breaking itself into parts .
Bible promotes Atheism
“ Properly read , the Bible is the most potent force for atheism ever conceived . ”
– Isaac Asimov
Classic & New Age Xmas Songs for the Holidays
Are you having a Christmas party , or do you just want to have some festive music to play around the house while you enjoy the cold whether outside .
Regardless , Christmas music tends to bring out the best in all of us and that is why I have created what I deem to be the ultimate Christmas music list .
This list includes 105 Christmas song titles ; I have omitted the singer as most Christmas songs these days have been redone by every artist under the sun .
Some of these songs are classic Christmas carols some are new age tunes others have been featured in Christmas specials .
If you are downloading these songs from iTunes , do a search for the song name then simply choose the version featuring your favorite artists !
A Child This Day Is BornAdeste FidelesAll I Want For Christmas Is My Two Front TeethAll I Want For Christmas Is YouAngels From The Realms Of GloryAngels We Have Heard On HighAnother Rock and Roll ChristmasAuld Lang SyneAway In A MangerBelieve - Polar ExpressBells Will Be RingingBlue ChristmasBoogie WoogieChestnuts Roasting On An Open FireChrist Is Born In BethlehemChristmas DayChristmas In KillarneyChristmas in My HometownChristmas IslandChristmas TimeChristmas Time Is HereChristmas WrappingDeck The HallsDo You Hear What I HearFame and FortuneFather ChristmasFeliz NavidadFrosty The SnowmanGo Tell It On The MountainGod Rest Ye Merry , GentlemenGood King WenceslasGrandma Got Run Over By A ReindeerGrown Up Christmas ListHark !
The Herald Angels SingHave Yourself A Merry Little ChristmasHere Comes Santa ClauseHolly Jolly ChristmasHome For The Holidays I Heard The Bells On Christmas DayI Saw Mommy Kissing Santa ClausI Saw Three ShipsI Want a Hippopotamus for ChristmasI'll Be Home For ChristmasIn Excelsis GloriaIt Came Upon A Midnight ClearIt's Beginning To Look A Lot Like ChristmasIt 's the Most Wonderful Time of the YearJingle Bell RockJingle BellsJolly Old Saint NicholasJoy To The WorldLast ChristmasLet It Snow !
Let It Snow !
Let It Snow !
Linus and LucyMedley - It's ChristmasMedley - Rhapsody Of ChristmasMedley - The Wonder of ChristmasMerry Christmas DarlingMr. GrinchMuppet ChristmasO Christmas TreeO Come , All Ye FaithfulO Little Town Of BethlehemO TannenbaumOh Holy NightPapa NoelPlease Come Home for ChristmasPut One Foot In Front Of The OtherRockin ' Around The Christmas TreeRudolph The Red Nosed ReindeerSanta Claus Is Coming To TownSanta Looked a Lot Like DaddySilent NightSilver And GoldSilver BellsSleigh RideSnoopy's Christmas ( Snoopy vs. The Red Baron ) Some Day At ChristmasSuzy SnowflakesThe Chipmunk SongThe Christmas SongThe First NoelThe Friendly BeastsThe Heat MiserThe Holly And The IvyThe Little Drummer BoyThe Most Wonderful Day Of The YearThe Night Before ChristmasThe Snow MiserThe Twelve Days Of ChristmasThe Wassail SongThere 's Always TommorrowToylandTwelve Days After ChristmasUp On The HousetopWe Need A Little ChristmasWe Three KingsWe Wish You A Merry ChristmasWe 're A Couple Of MisfitsWhat Child Is This ?
When Christmas Comes To TownWhile Shepherds Watched Their FlocksWhite ChristmasWinter Wonderland You 're All I Want for Christmas
Usually when we hear Google Street View news , it 's over kitty - cat privacy issues or people peeing in the street .
But this time around , the mayhem monitor actually helped solve the kidnapping of a young girl .
Advertisement
Police in Massachusetts were trying to track down a missing 9 - year - old girl who had allegedly been kidnapped by her grandmother .
They had managed to find the girl 's cellphone coordinates and traced it to an intersection in Virginia .
Advertisement
Since they were nowhere near Virginia , the policemen turned to Google Street View to help them round up possible hiding - out locations .
They identified a building that looked like a motel , confirmed it was one with a subsequent Google search and then called the Virginia State Police , who visited the motel and found the grandmother and the girl .
The moral of this story is : Police know how to Google now .
Be afraid .
Be very afraid .
Philosophy and Real Politics , by Raymond Geuss ( Princeton , 126 pp. , $ 19.95 )
In the first book of Plato ’s Republic , Socrates ’s measured discussion of the nature of justice is rudely interrupted by a “ roar ” from Thrasymachus .
“ He could no longer hold his peace , ” Socrates recalls , “ and , gathering himself up , he came at us like a wild beast , seeking to devour us .
We were quite panic - stricken at the sight of him . ”
What makes Thrasymachus so angry is the idealistic notion of justice that Socrates tries to defend .
The philosopher argues that “ justice is the proper virtue of man , ” but Thrasymachus demands that he give up such woolly abstractions : “ I will not have you say that justice is duty or advantage or profit or gain or interest , for this sort of nonsense will not do for me ; I must have clearness and accuracy . ”
When one looks at justice clearly , Thrasymachus insists , he finds that it ’s nothing but the disguise worn by power : “ I proclaim that justice is nothing else than the interest of the stronger . ”
Raymond Geuss , a political philosopher who teaches at the University of Cambridge , does not seem like the kind of man who would try to devour his opponents .
But his intention in Philosophy and Real Politics , his short , sharp new book , is the same as Thrasymachus ’s : to introduce a note of realism into contemporary philosophical debates about justice , by force if necessary .
“ I object to the claim that politics is applied ethics , ” he writes in his introduction .
Rather than starting out , like Socrates , with questions about the good or the just , we should ask the question famously posed by Lenin : “ Who whom ? ”
That is , in any actual society , who has power , what do they use it for , and who suffers as a result ?
“ To think politically , ” writes Geuss , “ is to think about agency , power , and interests , and the relations among these . ”
Of course , this is hardly an unprecedented approach to political philosophy .
In addition to Lenin , Geuss invokes Hobbes , Nietzsche , and Max Weber as teachers in his hard - headed analysis of power .
But Geuss ’s perspective is especially needed today , he believes , because American political thought is dominated by what he sees as the uselessly abstract neo-Kantian theories of Robert Nozick and especially John Rawls .
These thinkers commit what Geuss views as the cardinal sin of political thought : they begin not by addressing the concrete power relations of their societies , but by speculating at will about imaginary concepts like rights and fairness .
Nozick , for instance , begins his classic study Anarchy , State , and Utopia by declaring , “ Individuals have rights , and there are things no person or group may do to them . ”
In Geuss ’s view , Nozick “ allows that bald statement to lie flapping and gasping for breath like a large , moribund fish on the deck of a trawler , with no further analysis or discussion , and proceeds to draw consequences from it . ”
This is a heavy - handed but not atypical example of the sarcasm that gives Philosophy and Real Politics its energy and bite : it is the professorial equivalent of Thrasymachus ’s roar .
But it is Rawls whose dead hand Geuss finds most stifling to Anglo - American political thought , and the best parts of Philosophy and Real Politics are devoted to his harsh critique of Rawls ’s A Theory of Justice .
The main points of Geuss ’s attack are , by now , well known and widely acknowledged .
Rawls ’s “ original position ” — from which agents are supposed to construct the social contract under a “ veil of ignorance ” — is a brilliant invention , but also problematic .
It strips away from human beings the very factors — beliefs , interests , prejudices , dispositions — on which they ordinarily base their decisions .
“ How can ‘ I , ’ or anyone else , be said to choose , ” Geuss writes , “ if I have been specifically deprived of knowledge of most of what gives me grounds or reasons for making any choice ? ”
Geuss ’s attack on Rawls , however , goes deeper .
In his view , Rawls is not just a naive professor who does n’t understand how things work in the real world .
Rather , Geuss insists , he deliberately practices a kind of ideological mystification .
By encouraging us to think about justice as a matter of abstract , deliberative fairness , Rawls blinds us to the actual power relations that determine the way our society really works .
“ The topic of ‘ power , ’ in particular , is simply one he never explicitly discusses at all .
. . .
To the extent , then , to which Rawls draws attention away from the phenomenon of power and the way in which it influences our lives and the way we see the world , his theory is itself ideological . ”
Geuss ’s understanding of ideology , it becomes clear , is a classically Marxist - Leninist one .
The notion that any political philosophy could take a position above the fray , that any individual could speculate freely and objectively about justice , he rules out in advance .
The philosopher is always already implicated in the injustices of his own society , so that if he does not directly address those injustices — if he does not , as Geuss complains about Rawls , “ thematize power ” — then he is “ objectively ” the accomplice of power .
Liberalism is merely the ink released by the squid of capitalism , in order to blind its victims before it devours them .
That is why Geuss calls , near the end of his book , for a “ return from the present reactionary forms of neo -Kantianism to . . . neo-Leninism . ”
( Though he includes the caveat that “ one might reasonably call oneself a ‘ neo - Leninist ’ without thereby being committed to every particular view or theory the historical Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov held , ” a disclaimer that will be reassuring to any kulaks in the vicinity of Cambridge . )
Still , in his brash , self - congratulatory attempt to get to the bottom of politics — to replace illusion with reality , ideals with power — Geuss lacks the ruthless consistency of his patron saint , Thrasymachus .
“ The unjust is lord over the truly simple and just : he is the stronger , and his subjects do what is for his interest , and minister to his happiness , which is very far from being their own , ” Thrasymachus says .
It follows that the only logical course for any human being is to try to be happily unjust , rather than simple — that is , stupid — and just .
Yet this does not at all seem to be Geuss ’s view .
On the contrary , his attacks on the Bush administration and the war on Iraq , and his loathing of the bourgeois complacency of Rawls and Nozick , all suggest that he has his own conception of justice , which involves solidarity with the oppressed and resistance to the powerful .
( He approvingly quotes not just Lenin but Brecht . )
But it ’s hard to see how , on his own showing , any critique of existing power arrangements could have any intellectual or moral coherence .
The world of Thrasymachus is a war of all against all , in which the powerful will always win .
If Geuss does not want to inhabit such a world — and who does ?
—he should acknowledge that the inquiry into the nature of justice , which has occupied philosophers from Socrates to Rawls , is not an ideological trick , but the necessary beginning of all attempts to make the world more just .
bento # 34 Battlestar Galactica February 7 , 2009
Posted by AnnaTheRed in bento blog ( all ) Tags : battlestar galactica
I knew exactly what I was going to make this day .
I had to make this on this day , no matter what .
Bento # 34 : Battlestar Galactica
Created and eaten on : 01/16/2009
Yes , this day was the premiere of the 2nd and last half of season 4 of Battlestar Galactica .
( a.k.a. “ BSG ” ) I had seen a couple of episodes of BSG when I had cable TV before I met my boyfriend .
But I had already missed several episodes , so I decided not to watch it .
Then I started going out with my boyfriend and he kept telling me how good the show was .
He had , of course , boxsets of BSG , so we did a marathon on it in 2~3 weekends .
I love doing a marathon on any good shows .
Watching it during broadcast is good , but then if there ’s a cliff - hanger in the end of an episode , you ’ll have to wait for a week … and I ’m very impatient .
BSG is a good show to marathon , because almost all episodes end with a cliff - hanger .
I was so glad that I did marathon because I was totally hooked .
I thought of making a BSG bento before , but since it ’s a drama and BSG is a live action show , I did n’t know how I ’d make it .
The only thing I could make from the show would be … a Cylon !
The Cylons were created by humans as cybernetic workers and soldiers , in other word , a robot .
The Cylon is gray , so I dyed rice with black sesame seed .
( see “ how to dye rice naturally ” )
The shape of its head looked complicated , so I drew the head on the piece of paper and marked which part was raised and which part was lower .
Then I put plastic wrap over the drawing and shaped the rice into the Cylon ’s head .
Of course , I could n’t sculpt the details with rice , so I cut seaweed for the shade on the face , and put it on the face / head .
I sliced carrot , and using a straw cut out a tiny circular shape and put it on as its eye .
If you ’ve watched BSG , you ’d know this …
( it ’s hard to explain if you ’ve never watched BSG ) but in BSG “ everything has its corners cut off . ”
Meaning , anything that normally has four corners has “ eight or six ” corners in BSG .
( Paper , picture , dogtags , etc … )
So I made Japanese style hamburg and rice into an octagonal shape .
The rice ball (? ) did n’t look too convincing , so I cut seaweed into an octagonal shape and put it on the rice .
Then I realized that the bento box also had four corners , so I cut ham on and put on the corners , and cut / sauteed asparagus to put in the corners .
After that , I really had no idea what else I could do .
The bento looked lonely and not finished …
I decided to make Cylon Raiders ( fighter craft piloted by the Cylons ) with cheese singles .
I had two different kind of cheese singles , so I made one as a normal Cylon Raider , and the other one for Scar .
Wiki describes that Scar was a particularly vicious and elusive raider identified by a gash on the side of its “ face ” .
It was very easy .
I just cut the cheese using a circle cookie cutter and knife to make the Raiders .
Also I wanted to try something that I thought of doing while I was dying eggs for the how - to for my blog … to make Earth !
( see “ how to dye eggs naturally ” )
Finding Earth is the main goal of BSG , so I dyed a quail egg light blue with purple cabbage , and put tiny pieces of lettuce on it .
When I finished the bento , I looked at it , and thought it was too dark …
Gray , brown , black and green .
So I cut out pieces from leftover cheese and carrot with a straw , took out some edamame and sprinkled them all over the bento box .
I still was n’t sure if it looked “ sci - fi ” enough , so I cut our cheese with a star shaped cookie cutter and put it in .
I do n’t usually do this , but because Cylon head has no expression , I thought it ’d be even cuter to have star shaped cheese around it .
This came out to be a very simple bento , yet super nerdy .
Of course , almost all my boyfriend ’s friends got it and appreciated the details , but not that many of our friends at work knew what it was , and that makes this a good nerdy charaben . 😀
So say we all !
Cylon :
– rice mixed with black sesame seeds and salt ( see “ how to dye rice naturally ” )
– seaweed and carrot
Cylon Raiders :
– cheese singles
Scar :
– cheddar cheese singles
Earth :
– quail egg dyed with purple cabbage ( see “ how to dye eggs naturally ” )
– lettuce
Other food :
– egg sheet as background ( see “ how to make an egg sheet ” )
– Japanese style hamburg
– rice and seaweed
– asparagus
– ham
– broccoli
– edamame
For more pictures of my bento , visit Bento ! set and Bento details !
set on my flickr page .
Pepe Escobar ’s new book excerpted .
It ’s Scholars & Rogues ’s pleasure to present an excerpt from the new book by Pepe Escobar , correspondent for Asia Times Online and the Real News Internet TV channel : Obama Does Globalistan ( Nimble Books ) .
From his ATimes bio :
An extreme traveler , Pepe ’s nose for news takes him to all corners of the globe .
He was in Afghanistan and interviewed the military leader of the anti-Taliban Northern Alliance , Ahmad Shah Masoud , a couple of weeks before his assassination .
Two weeks before September 11 , while Pepe was in the tribal areas of Pakistan , he wrote his prophetic piece , “ Get Osama !
Now !
Or else . ”
In his introduction , Pepe writes :
Unlike grandiloquent U.S. corporate media exercises on how President Barack Obama will fix the world , [ Obama Does Globalistan ] concerns a few key facts , chief among them how Obama will position himself in the Eurasian chessboard — the new New Great Game . …
Obama “ inherits ” a Globalistan where teeming masses have discovered , to their grief , that markets do not suppress poverty , unemployment and exploitation .
The real Globalistan is a Babel Tower where nations , mercenary peoples , terrorists , democracies , dictatorships , tribes , nomad mafias and religious outfits fight for wealth , faith , land and liberty .
From chapter 2 :
Obama Plays Pipelinestan
As his discreet and once vastly influential geopolitical mentor / adviser Zbig Brzezinski may have already rhapsodized to him in graphic detail , President Obama has been hurled right into the volcano — the battlefield for the control of Eurasia , also known as the new New Great Game , the crucial plot in the ongoing rush towards a new , non-U.S. - centric world order .
In his 1997 opus The Grand Chessboard , Realpolitik Zbig — a consultant for BP during the Clinton administration who went to Baku to sell the BTC pipeline idea— enunciated in detail how to keep U.S. “ global primacy . ”
Later , his master plan was duly incorporated by that bunch of wacky but dangerous Dr. Nos congregated at Bill Kristol ’s Neo-con Central , the infamous Project for a New American Century ( PNAC ) , whose website recently returned from the dead .
Dr. Zbig himself , somewhat reluctantly , returned to the spotlight during the 2008 U.S. presidential campaign , even sharing a book of interviews with General Brent Scowcroft .
For these two A - list , slick informed strategists , whom Steve Clemons from the Washington Note blog calls the “ Walter Matthau and Jack Lemmon of U.S. foreign policy ” everything ultimately harks back to page 198 of The Grand Chessboard : “ … to prevent the emergence of a hostile coalition that could eventually seek to challenge America ’s primacy , not to mention the remote possibility of any one particular state seeking to do so . ”
As for the emergence of “ strategically compatible partners ” along the way , that ’s fine as long as they are “ prompted by American leadership ” to shape “ a more cooperative trans - Eurasian security system . ”
Dr. Zbig ’s clincher comes on page 215 : “ The U.S. policy goal must be unapologetically twofold : to perpetuate America ’s own dominant position for at least a generation and preferably longer still . ”
That wo n’t happen .
And then there ’s “ a prolonged phase of gradually expanding cooperation with key Eurasian partners , both stimulated and arbitrated by America . ”
Implicit is that imperial America rules , and satrapies follow .
That also wo n’t happen .
In a further twist around the everlasting saga of those who control power also controlling weapons , money and the Word , the “ war on terror , ” which the Pentagon slyly rebranded The Long War , sports a doppelganger : a global energy war .
In Globalistan , with a hat tip to sociologist Zygmunt Bauman , I called it Liquid War .
This war , of course — but not exclusively — flows via pipelines . …
Forget about al - Qaeda and Taliban and the “ war on terror ” galvanizing all the media attention .
These are minor diversions .
The ultra high - stakes , hardcore geopolitical game — Liquid War — flows along these lines .
Who said Pipelineistan could n’t be fun ? …
As the inestimable David Harvey told me at his office in New York in the summer of 2008 , before the financial crisis : Ultra-imperialism , “ at least the U.S. version of it , ” is over . …
And that brought Harvey to the question the whole planet must answer : “ Have we reached the limits of a capitalist social order ?
Capitalism , since its very inception , has been dedicated to a compound rate of growth . …
A compound rate of growth of where we are now , for the next hundred years , that would be an astonishing thing to accomplish .
So there ’s gonna be a real transformation in the way the global economy works over the next twenty years .
I do n’t believe that any particular group of people in the world will be hegemonic or dominant .
It will be a multipolar world , but also there will be a lot of agitation over ‘ this is not the kind of world we want to live in ’ , environmentally , socially and politically . ”
Reprinted with permission .
Republicans in at least six states are seeking to block the White House from transferring Guantánamo Bay detainees to their districts , in what critics call an effort to stymie Barack Obama 's efforts to close the prison .
Congressional Republicans have introduced bills that would bar the government from moving any of the 250 inmates to some of the most prominent military and civilian detention centres in the US , including a " supermax " high - security federal prison in Florence , Colorado , which holds at least 16 convicted international terrorists , and a South Carolina naval brig that holds the only enemy combatant jailed in America .
Obama , who signed an executive order during his first week as president to shut the six - year - old facility , has yet to release plans for the suspected terrorists who remain there .
Critics say the pre-emptive legislation and media campaigns from Republicans – and at least one Democrat – are intended to defend George Bush 's legacy against those who claim the prison has damaged America 's standing in the world and has become a recruiting symbol for terrorists .
Last week , 20 Texas Republicans sent a letter to Obama urging him not to send Guantánamo detainees to their state .
Sam Brownback , the Kansas senator , aims to keep detainees out of a military prison there , and an Arizona Republican has filed legislation that would prevent detainees from being shipped to federal civilian or military prisons .
Guantánamo critics say the Republican opposition is based on flawed assumptions about the capacity of the US criminal justice system to securely handle the suspected terrorists , and is a proxy for broad opposition to the Guantánamo closure .
They note that the US has already convicted more than 140 international terrorists .
The so - called supermax prison in Colorado holds terrorists convicted in the 1993 World Trade Centre bombing and the 1995 " bojinka " plot to bring down 11 American airliners , the accused " dirty bomb " plotter Jose Padilla and the September 11 conspirator Zacarias Massoui , among others .
The executive order that Obama signed on 22 January demanded that Guantánamo be closed within a year and created a panel to review the cases of detainees and determine who should be prosecuted .
The Obama administration hopes other countries will accept some of the detainees .
The foreign minister , David Miliband , is working to secure the transfer to Britain of Binyam Mohamed , a UK resident detained at Guantánamo .
Of the estimated 800 men who have been imprisoned in Guantánamo , the Bush administration released or transferred to other countries more than 500 .
Two detainees have been tried : David Hicks , who was convicted on a plea bargain that allowed him to return to his native Australia , and Salim Ahmed Hamdan , who was convicted of material support for terrorism and sentenced to five and a half years in prison .
He was released from a Yemeni prison last month .
Guantánamo analysts estimate that between 60 and 80 detainees could wind up in the US criminal justice system .
The defence secretary , Robert Gates , said : " We have identified a number of possible prisons here in the United States .
I 've heard from members of Congress where all of those prisons are located .
Their enthusiasm is limited . "
In the Texas Republicans ' letter to Obama , they express opposition to the transfer of Guantánamo detainees to the US on the grounds that " supreme court precedents indicate that courts can bestow certain constitutional rights on individuals simply by virtue of their being on US soil " .
They also cite security fears : " Any such detention facility in the continental United States would instantly become a target for terrorist[s ] , who would likely seek to free the terrorist detainees , destroy the facility , or both " .
The letter is signed by Senator John Cornyn and 19 congressmen .
The Arizona Republican congressman Trent Franks introduced legislation last week that would prohibit federal funds from being used to transfer Guantánamo detainees to Arizona or to build or refit Arizona facilities to accommodate them .
Dan Boren , the lone Democrat in Oklahoma 's congressional delegation , co-sponsored a bill to keep Guantánamo prisoners out of that state .
The legislation is unlikely to pass , and Guantánamo and terrorism researchers say Republican security concerns are unfounded .
" If they think that US prisons can't hold terrorists without a good chance of those terrorists of running away and killing Americans , then I wonder why they have n't spent every waking hour of their lives in the Congress trying to fix that problem , considering that US prisons currently house some of the world 's most dangerous convicted terrorists , " said Tom Malinowski , Washington director of Human Rights Watch .
Sarah Mendelson , director of the human rights and security initiative at the Centre for Strategic and International Studies , a Washington national security thinktank , described the Republican objections as " a red herring " .
She said that if Guantánamo detainees were tried in federal courts like Padilla and the 1993 World Trade Centre bombers , they would be held in facilities close to those courts .
" Presumably , pre-trial detention facilities are secure enough to handle extremely dangerous people , " she said .
" I do find it extremely unhelpful that Republican members of Congress are so unwilling to help the Obama administration turn the page on what has been an really damaging episode of America 's role in the world , " she said .
Mark Denbeaux , an attorney for two Tunisians held at Guantánamo , said the Republican complaints were an effort to justify the lengthy detention without trial of the Guantánamo prisoners .
" If you 're going to make them look evil and dangerous , you 're going to have to say they 're so bad we can't even hold them in federal prison , " said Denbeaux , a law professor at Seton Hall University in New Jersey .
" I do n't see any reason why the guy who came to the US to make a dirty bomb is OK in the supermax in Florence [ Colorado ] but some guy who was a driver for Bin Laden is somehow a huge threat . "
• This article was amended on Tuesday 17 February 2009 .
The US defence secretary is Robert , not William Gates .
This has been corrected .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An oil tanker collided with a container ship off the coast of Dubai setting both vessels on fire .
The Kashmir was carrying some 30,000 tonnes of oil condensates from Iran to the United Arab Emirates port of Jebel Ali , according to oil industry sources .
It is believed the second ship called Sima Buoy , was leaving the port when the incident took place .
Two of the tanker 's crew who were pulled from the water suffered minor injuries but no one is reported to have died .
( Repeats without changes to text or headline )
WASHINGTON , Jan 9 ( Reuters ) - Many voices around the world speak up for the Palestinians , but few in the U.S. Congress .
Lawmakers in Washington routinely pass nonbinding resolutions supporting Israel during Middle East crises .
The Senate has backed Israel 's ongoing battle against Hamas militants in the Gaza Strip and the House of Representatives is expected to follow suit soon .
Even U.S. lawmakers who express sympathy for the Palestinians hesitate to call themselves pro-Palestinian and they voice strong support for the security of Israel as well , hewing to decades of close U.S. - Israeli ties .
" When these events occur , there 's almost a knee - jerk reaction of Congress that endorses 1,000 percent what Israel is doing , " said Nick Rahall , a West Virginia Democrat and Lebanese - American who has voted against some of the measures .
" Israel is our ally .
...
It always has been , with which I perfectly agree .
But I do n't believe in allowing that to blind us to what is in our best interests , or giving knee - jerk approval to anything Israel does .
We do n't do that with any other ally , " he told Reuters .
Washington has been Israel 's closest ally since 1948 , when President Harry Truman made the United States the first country to recognize the new Jewish state .
Harry Reid , who leads the Democratic majority in the Senate , gave voice to the depth of the relationship when he said on Thursday , " Our resolution reflects the will of the State of Israel and the will of the American people . "
The Senate measure offered " unwavering commitment " to Israel .
It recognized " its right to act in self - defense to protect its citizens against acts of terrorism " and urged a ceasefire that would keep Hamas from firing rockets at Israel .
That closely tracked Republican President George W. Bush 's comments on the crisis , said Ric Stoll , professor of political science at Rice University .
But he questioned whether it helped U.S. diplomats trying to broker a ceasefire .
LANDSLIDE VOTES
" You do n't have to say Hamas are nice folks , " Stoll said .
" ( But ) how do you convince supporters of the Palestinians to pressure Hamas to go for a ceasefire , if your statements look like you are tilting heavily towards Israel ? "
The House has passed similar measures in recent years by landslides .
In 2006 , the House voted 410 - 8 to condemn Hamas and Hezbollah for " unprovoked and reprehensible armed attacks against Israel " and supported Israel 's incursion into Lebanon .
In 2004 , the vote was 407 - 9 to support a statement by Bush that it was " unrealistic " to expect Israel to return completely to pre-1967 borders .
In 2003 , it was 399 - 5 to support Israel 's forceful response to Palestinian attacks as justified .
The few opponents of the measures often include lawmakers of Arab - American descent or from Arab - American communities , and mavericks such as Democrat Dennis Kucinich of Ohio and Republican Ron Paul of Texas .
Kucinich , who sought the Democratic presidential nomination last year , charged that the United States was ignoring the current humanitarian crisis in Gaza while facilitating Israel 's actions with arms deals worth billions .
Washington " sniffs at the slaughter of innocents in Gaza , " he said .
" U.S. tax dollars , U.S. jets and U.S. helicopters provided to Israel are enabling the slaughter in Gaza . "
James Zogby , president of the Arab American Institute , says the Israeli lobby is often seen as the force behind pro-Israel votes , but he thinks it is not that simple .
Some Americans " do n't have a clue " about the Palestinians ' history , he said .
Lawmakers also take foreign policy cues from the president , Zogby said , so some change could lie ahead with President - elect Barack Obama , who has said little about the crisis so far .
" If the story from the White House is that the president expresses deep concern for the people in Gaza ... politicians will have cover , " Zogby said .
" Members will say , ' Shoot , I support the president . ' " ( Editing by Eric Walsh )
Wayne Madsen
Online Journal
February 2 , 2009
Israeli expansionists , their intentions to take full control of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip and permanently keep the Golan Heights of Syria and expand into southern Lebanon already well known , also have their eyes on parts of Iraq considered part of a biblical “ Greater Israel ” .
Iraqi nationalists charge that the Israeli expansion into Iraq is supported by both major Kurdish factions , including the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan headed by Iraq ’s nominal President Jalal Talabani .
Israel reportedly has plans to relocate thousands of Kurdish Jews from Israel , including expatriates from Kurdish Iran , to the Iraqi cities of Mosul and Nineveh under the guise of religious pilgrimages to ancient Jewish religious shrines .
According to Kurdish sources , the Israelis are secretly working with the Kurdistan Regional Government ( KRG ) to carry out the integration of Kurdish and other Jews into areas of Iraq under control of the KRG .
Kurdish , Iraqi Sunni Muslims , and Turkmen have noted that Kurdish Israelis began to buy land in Iraqi Kurdistan , after the U.S. invasion in 2003 , that is considered historical Jewish “ property ” .
The Israelis are particularly interested in the shrine of the Jewish prophet Nahum in al Qush , the prophet Jonah in Mosul , and the tomb of the prophet Daniel in Kirkuk .
Israelis are also trying to claim Jewish “ properties ” outside of the Kurdish region , including the shrine of Ezekiel in the village of al - Kifl in Babel Province near Najaf and the tomb of Ezra in al - Uzayr in Misan Province , near Basra , both in southern Iraq ’s Shia - dominated territory .
Israeli expansionists consider these shrines and tombs as much a part of “ Greater Israel ” as Jerusalem and the West Bank , which they call “ Judea and Samaria ” .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Kurdish and Iraqi sources report that Israel ’s Mossad is working hand - in - hand with Israeli companies and “ tourists ” to stake a claim to the Jewish “ properties ” of Israel in Iraq .
The Mossad has already been heavily involved in training the Kurdish Pesha Merga military forces .
Reportedly assisting the Israelis are foreign mercenaries paid for by U.S. Christian evangelical circles that support the concept of “ Christian Zionism ” .
Iraqi nationalists charge that the Israeli expansion into Iraq is supported by both major Kurdish factions , including the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan headed by Iraq ’s nominal President Jalal Talabani .
Talabani ’s son , Qubad Talabani , serves as the KRG ’s representative in Washington , where he lives with his wife Sherri Gabrielle Kraham , who is Jewish .
Also supporting the Israeli land acquisition activities is the Kurdistan Democratic Party , headed by Massoud Barzani , the president of the KRG .
One of Barzani ’s five sons , Binjirfan Barzani , is reportedly heavily involved with the Israelis .
The Israelis and their Christian Zionist supporters enter Iraq not through Baghdad but through Turkey .
In order to depopulate residents of lands the Israelis claim , Mossad operatives and Christian Zionist mercenaries are staging terrorist attacks against Chaldean Christians , particularly in Nineveh , Irbil , al - Hamdaniya , Bartalah , Talasqaf , Batnayah , Bashiqah , Elkosheven , Uqrah , and Mosul .
These attacks by the Israelis and their allies are usually reported as being the responsibility of “ Al Qaeda ” and other Islamic “ jihadists ” .
The ultimate aim of the Israelis is to depopulate the Christian population in and around Mosul and claim the land as biblical Jewish land that is part of “ Greater Israel . ”
The Israeli / Christian Zionist operation is a replay of the depopulation of the Palestinians in the British mandate of Palestine after World War II .
In June 2003 , a delegation of Israelis visited Mosul and said that it was Israel ’s intentions , with the assistance of Barzani , to establish Israeli control of the shrine of Jonah in Mosul and the shrine of Nahum in the Mosul plains .
The Israelis said Israeli and Iranian Jewish pilgrims would travel via Turkey to the area of Mosul and take over lands where Iraqi Christians lived .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
HONG KONG -- Movie pirates are going after Blu-ray , using a technological twist that makes their illicit copies both cheap to make and tough for consumers to spot .
Pirates are taking advantage of the fact that many viewers can't tell the difference between Hollywood 's new high - definition , higher - priced Blu-ray movie format and a bootleg format -- called AVCHD -- that 's a grade lower : AVCHD uses 720 horizontal lines of resolution instead of Blu-ray 's 1,080 , but still offers a sharper picture than an ordinary DVD on high - definition ...
High - school kids who watch too much TV are likely to have bad eating habits five years in the future .
Research published in BioMed Central 's open access International Journal of Behavioral Nutrition and Physical Activity followed almost 2000 high - and middle - school children and found that TV viewing times predict a poor diet in the future .
Dr Daheia Barr - Anderson worked with a team of researchers from the University of Minnesota to investigate the relationship between television and diet .
She said , " To our knowledge , this is the first study to examine the association between television viewing and diet over the transition from adolescence into young adulthood .
We 've shown that TV viewing during adolescence predicts poorer dietary intake patterns five years later " .
Stronger and more consistent patterns were seen during the transition from high school to young adulthood than during the transition from middle school to high school .
Both are critical developmental periods , where lifelong behaviours are formed .
The authors found that those high - school kids who watched more than five hours of television per day had a lower intake of fruits , vegetables , whole grains and calcium - rich foods ; and higher intakes of snack foods , fried foods , fast food , sugar - sweetened beverages , and trans fats five years later .
According to Barr - Anderson , " These less than healthy foodstuffs are commonly advertised on television while healthy foods rarely receive the same publicity .
Although young people may be aware that many foods advertised on television are not healthy , they may chose to ignore or do not fully realize the consequences , because the actors they see advertising and eating the foods in the commercials are usually not overweight " .
Barr - Anderson and her colleagues have called for action to tackle television adverts for food and drinks .
They say , " The potential negative impacts of advertising and marketing campaigns on dietary quality and purchasing behavior show that , as well as devising interventions to reduce television viewing time , we need to promote healthy food choices , in general and while watching television , to overcome harmful media influences " .
Source : BioMed Central
Israel 's Prime Minister Ehud Olmert Reuters Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook JERUSALEM
 Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert warned in a published interview Thursday that " the state of Israel is finished " if a Palestinian state is not created .
He said the alternative is a South African - style apartheid struggle .
The explosive reference to apartheid came as Olmert returned from a high - profile peace conference in the USA , hoping to prepare a skeptical nation for difficult negotiations with the Palestinians .
WHAT'S NEXT ? :
Navigating path to peace will still be tricky Though Olmert has long said that the region 's demography works against Israel , the comments published in the Haaretz daily newspaper were among his strongest .
Israeli officials have long rejected any comparison to the racist system once in place in South Africa .
Olmert and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas agreed this week at a summit in Annapolis , Md. , to resume peace talks after a seven - year freeze .
The two leaders pledged to try to reach an agreement on the creation of a Palestinian state by the end of next year .
In the interview , Olmert said it is a vital Israeli interest to create a Palestinian state because of the growing Arab population in the area .
" The day will come when the two - state solution collapses , and we face a South African - style struggle for equal voting rights , " Olmert told Haaretz .
" As soon as that happens , the state of Israel is finished . "
The interview was published on the 60th anniversary of the historic United Nations decision to partition Palestine , setting up separate Jewish and Arab states .
The vote led to a war , and the Palestinian state was not created .
The Palestinians want to form their state in Gaza , West Bank and East Jerusalem — areas Israel captured in the Mideast war in 1967 .
Jews are a solid majority inside Israel — roughly 76 % of the population of 6.4 million .
However , if the West Bank and Gaza are included , Arabs make up about half the population .
To ensure Israel can maintain its character as a democracy with a solid Jewish majority , Olmert supports a withdrawal from much of the West Bank and parts of East Jerusalem , following Israel 's pullout from Gaza in 2005 .
Israel 's Arab citizens have the right to vote , but about 3.5 million Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza do not have Israeli citizenship or rights .
Olmert , a hard - liner earlier in his career , has repeatedly warned in recent years that Israel cannot remain both Jewish and democratic if it holds on to the West Bank and Gaza .
He has never used the South African analogy in public .
The Israeli leader received an important boost Thursday when police recommended that prosecutors drop an investigation into whether Olmert illegally intervened in the government 's sale of a bank two years ago .
The threat of indictment in the case cast a cloud over Olmert for months , but police decided there was insufficient evidence .
The decision , coming after months of investigations , including two interrogations of Olmert himself , was forwarded to the attorney general , who makes the final decision on whether to indict .
That decision is weeks or months away , but an indictment is unlikely .
Police are still conducting two other corruption investigations against Olmert , who has denied any wrongdoing .
Two polls published in Israeli newspapers Thursday showed the Israeli public to be highly skeptical of the fledgling peace process .
The polls , conducted by the Dahaf Institute and Dialog agency , found that fewer than one in five Israelis say they believe the Annapolis conference was a success , and more than 80 % of the public says the Israeli and Palestinian leaders will not meet their goal of reaching a deal in 2008 .
The polls each questioned about 500 people and had margins of error of +/—4.5 percentage points .
Copyright 2007 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
From the slums of Africa , a stunning new display :
Today , after more than a year of planning , 2000 square meters of rooftops have been covered with photos of the eyes and faces of the women of Kibera .
The material used is water resistant so that the photo itself will protect the fragile houses in the heavy rain season .
The train that passes on this line through Kibera at least twice a day has also been covered with eyes from the women that live below it .
With the eyes on the train , the bottom half of the their faces have be pasted on corrugated sheets on the slope that leads down from the tracks to the rooftops .
The idea being that for the split second the train passes , their eyes will match their smiles and their faces will be complete .
The weight of the water in a man -made reservoir may have triggered the massive earthquake that struck China in May killing more than 70,000 people .
Immediately following the quake , scientists began to suspect the Zipingpu Dam may have set off the magnitude 7.9 jolt .
Now evidence is starting to emerge that suggests they may have been right .
The 500 - foot tall Zipingpu Dam , built to generate hydroelectric power to support growth in the area , holds more than 300 million tons of water behind it and is located less than a third of a mile from the fault that ruptured and 3.4 miles from the epicenter of the Wenchuan earthquake .
The added weight of the reservoir may have changed the stress in the area just enough to set off an earthquake that was waiting to happen .
" It 's like a house of cards swaying in the wind , and you touch it with a feather and it falls down , " said geologist David Schwartz of the U.S. Geological Survey .
" It was going to happen anyway . "
Earthquakes that are ready to go can be triggered by many different things such as mine activity , or injection of fluid into an oil well to push out the oil .
Recently there has been a lot of discussion among geologists about the possibility of tidal triggering of quakes .
Most earth scientists agree that reservoir - triggered earthquakes do happen , but it is hard to definitively point the finger in any given case .
And most of these triggered quakes are much smaller , usually less than magnitude 5 .
One of the largest was a magnitude 6.3 in 1967 thought to be triggered by the Koyna Dam in India .
It would be much more unusual for an earthquake the size of the Wenchuan quake , which ruptured around 175 miles of the fault , to be affected by a reservoir .
Geophysicist Christian Klose of Columbia University recently estimated the stress caused by the weight of the water to be equivalent to 25 years ' worth of natural stress buildup on the fault , according to a news report in Science , though this amount is minor in comparison to the natural stress that would have built up over thousands of years since the last major quake on the fault .
But if the stress had built up to the point that a major earthquake was imminent , it is possible that the extra stress from the reservoir was just enough to spark the quake .
" The weight of these reservoirs themselves is insufficient to cause an earthquake , " said geophysicist Rob van der Hilst of MIT who has been studying the Wenchuan area for two decades .
" It could be that the stress field is perturbed by the reservoir , but how exactly it translates into the onset of an earthquake , we just do n't know . "
The potential influence of the Zipingpu Dam on the earthquake is clearly a touchy subject .
Scientists from the Chinese Academy of Sciences initially dismissed the possibility saying that the quake was far too large to have been triggered by the reservoir , and that if anything , the water helped dampen the energy released during the quake .
They claimed that the frequency and size of small earthquakes in the area was unchanged by the filling of the reservoir between 2005 and April 2008 , indicating that the dam was not affecting stress in the area .
But a study published in a Chinese journal last month concludes that the reservoir did affect the local seismicity .
It 's unclear whether the Chinese were aware of the fault .
Most of the earthquakes in China are ultimately the result of the Indian tectonic plate pushing northward into the Eurasian plate .
The fault that ruptured in May is a major boundary between the Sichuan Basin and the Tibetan Plateau .
More than 2.5 miles of uplift has occurred along the fault over the last 15 million years as the plateau pushed up above the basin .
During the Wenchuan quake , more than 30 feet of slip occurred on the fault in some areas .
" I 'm sure we would n't have built that dam [ in the United States ] on or so close to an active fault , " Schwartz said .
" Would you build a dam across the San Andreas or the Hayward fault ?
No . "
But even if the Chinese were completely aware of the fault , the spot where the Zipingpu Dam was built may have looked like a relatively safe bet in the area .
Because the average time between major quakes on that fault is several thousand years , the seismic hazard would have been considered low .
Certainly it was lower than other nearby areas .
" There is a lot of concern because it is a very sensitive , almost political issue , " van der Hilst said .
Hydroelectric power is a very important component of China 's development strategy for the area , but " if the reservoir can kill 80,000 people , then of course there will be a major uproar which would make dams harder to build . "
The bulk of the scientific community outside of China has not seen the seismic data from the Wenchuan area , and until that happens , questions will remain .
" People will probably start to clamor for the data , " Schwartz said .
Van der Hilst 's team deployed seismometers in the area from 2003 to 2004 , and their research prompted the China Earthquake Administration to install some 300 seismic stations in the area in 2006 .
" Now there is an enormous amount of valuable information about the earthquake , " van der Hilst said .
The data could also reveal a lot about reservoir - induced seismicity in general , but the Chinese are keeping that information close for the moment .
Just three weeks before the earthquake , van der Hilst was in Beijing hammering out an arrangement to work on data from the Chinese seismic array .
Now he is one of the few who has access to it .
" We are encouraging them to share it with everyone , " he said .
" In China that 's a very slow process .
I am one of the lucky ones . "
Critical will be an analysis of the pattern of earthquakes before and after the building of the dam , and as the reservoir level was raised and then as it dropped slightly in the week before the quake — a situation suspected of playing a part in reservoir triggering .
" But that is data I have n't seen , " van der Hilst said .
" If this reservoir could have triggered it , it 's probably a sensitive subject , " he said .
" But of course they want to know , so there will be a lot of research . "
* Images : 1 ) Vincent Yu / Associated Press .
2 ) Geoeye *
See Also :
The Norse believed Thor rode through the heavens during thunderstorms
An intruder received a taste of divine reckoning as he was chased from the Edinburgh flat he was breaking into by a man dressed as the Norse god Thor .
The housebreaker leapt from the first - floor window of the building to escape Torvald Alexander who was dressed - up for a New Year 's fancy dress party .
Mr Alexander , 39 , said the man may have been intimidated by the costume he made of the god of thunder out of tin foil .
The intruder did not manage to take anything from the flat in Inverleith .
Powerful man
Mr Alexander said the man landed on a pitched roof outside the window which broke his fall , before making his escape .
He left behind his shoes and a pitch fork he used to break into the building .
Mr Alexander , a builder , said he was inspired to dress as Thor by the Marvel comic series .
The Norse believed that Thor rode through the heavens during thunderstorms on his chariot , which was pulled by two goats .
Lightning flashed whenever he threw his hammer Mjollnir , which magically returned to him .
He was usually depicted as a big , powerful man with eyes of lightning and a red beard .
By Andy May
BBC Asian Network
Ecclestone views India as a lucrative new market for F1 to tap into India will definitely host a Grand Prix in Delhi in 2011 , Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone has told the BBC Asian Network .
Ecclestone insists he and Indian company Jaiprakash Associates Ltd are " fully committed " to the project .
" Of course we will deliver ... otherwise we would n't have entered into an agreement , " said Ecclestone .
Work on a new circuit on the outskirts of Delhi was meant to begin in October 2008 but was postponed .
Ecclestone said that this was because he has issues with the global calendar of sporting events and " certain contracts elsewhere to fulfil " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
BBC
Sport understands that work on India 's track will now begin this summer , with completion expected at the end of 2010 .
Top Indian driver Narain Karthikeyan cast doubt over the project last month , saying he did n't believe " anyone would want to invest in motorsport " during the current global economic crisis .
But Karthikeyan , who raced for Jordan and tested for Williams in F1 , knows how popular the sport could be in his country .
" It will be very big for the whole of Asia because everyone will benefit , " he said .
" It will also be much better for fans in India to get closer to the sport . "
Ecclestone is keen to bring F1 to a country with a population of over one billion and one of the world 's fastest - growing economies - even in the current global downturn .
I doubt in India anything will be a rival to cricket , but let 's see
Bernie Ecclestone
" It 's a large , large country with a big population and it's good for the sponsors , car manufacturers and everyone involved in Formula One , " he said .
The Force India team 's participation in F1 has also raised the sport 's profile in India , although it has a long way to go before it challenges cricket 's popularity .
Ecclestone admitted he is not expecting Lewis Hamilton to rival the likes of India cricket superstars Mahendra Dhoni and Sachin Tendulkar any time soon .
" I doubt in India anything will be a rival to cricket , but let 's see , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Google
Inc is famous for pampering its employees , but some shareholders feel like they ’re getting a raw deal .
A Google sign is seen at its headquarters in Mountain View , California May 22 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Robert Galbraith
The sore spot became evident after the Web search leader decided last month to reset the price of underwater employee stock options , in light of a more than 50 percent drop in Google ’s share price from its November 2007 peak of $ 747.24 .
The move , which will result in a $ 400 million charge , provoked grumbling among some investors who are not being similarly compensated .
While investors have griped about Google ’s unconventional actions in the past , such as its refusal to provide earnings forecasts , its appreciating stock price had muted most of the discord .
But with shares well off highs , some analysts say Wall Street may be less willing to give Google a pass this time .
“ I do n’t have as good a feeling as I did before about the company , ” said Jerry Dodson , chief executive of Parnassus Investments , which bought Google shares when they were priced in the low $ 400s .
The stock was trading at $ 343 on Thursday .
For now , Dodson said he is prepared to live with Google ’s offer to reset the price of employee options with a strike price below Google ’s closing price on March 6 .
“ But it puts all of us that have invested in the company en garde , ” he added .
Patrick McGurn , special counsel of RiskMetrics Group , which advises institutional investors on governance and proxy issues , said Google has some fence - mending to do , as there may be an outpouring of discontent at the company ’s annual shareholder meeting , which is usually held in May .
McGurn said the option repricing plan is clearly not shareholder friendly , but it is too soon to say whether his firm might recommend shareholders to take any action .
TRACK RECORD
Stock options provide incentives for employees to work hard and share in profits .
But the option becomes worthless when the market price falls below the exercise price .
Google has said about 85 percent of employees have underwater options .
“ Because motivating and retaining employees is a good thing both for those employees and our shareholders , we believe this exchange works for all involved , ” said Google spokeswoman Jane Penner .
Many investors feel Google ’s plan , which lets employees exchange underwater options at a one - to - one value , is overly generous and not necessary given the difficult job market .
But analysts say the issue would quickly be forgotten if Google resumed its track record of impressive growth and innovative products once the economy began to recover .
“ As long as the company continues to execute , I think shareholders will give them a lot of leeway , ” said UBS analyst Ben Schachter .
Indeed , Google shares have risen about 12 percent since it delivered better - than - expected quarterly results in January , when it detailed the option exchange plan .
That compares with a flat Nasdaq composite index over the same period .
That said , it ’s still unclear whether Google can buck the recession , or whether it ’s simply a matter of time before it feels the effects of wide corporate cuts on advertising spending .
In the fourth quarter , Google ’s revenue grew 18 percent to $ 5.7 billion , much better than rivals including Yahoo Inc , Time Warner Inc ’s AOL and IAC / InterActiveCorp .
But growth was below the 30 percent - plus rates Google had delivered in previous quarters .
The company is already taking a harder look at costs , pulling the plug on various projects and slowing its hiring .
DUAL CLASS SHAREHOLDER STRUCTURE
Still , Google provides various employee perks , such as free all - you - can - eat meals at several on - campus restaurants , which might strike some as extravagant in the tough economy .
And some say Google is inherently unreceptive to investor input .
Its dual - class share structure gave three individuals -- co-founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page , and Chief Executive Eric Schmidt -- 67 percent of voting rights as of 2008 .
“ Having that unequal voting right in and of itself tends to indicate that shareholders definitely take a back seat , ” said McGurn of RiskMetrics .
Critics of Google fault it for not holding a shareholder vote on the options exchange plan , as most companies are required to do under Nasdaq and New York Stock Exchange rules .
It is possible for a company to avoid a shareholder vote when its stock option plan explicitly allows repricings , as is the case with Google ’s 2004 stock option plan .
“ The ( institutional shareholders ) really , really do n’t like repricings , particularly those that do n’t get shareholder approval , ” said Michael Frank , a partner in the employee benefits and executive compensation group at the Morrison Foerster law firm .
“ So they may tend to vote against a future proposal with respect to the plan ; for example if a company wants to add shares to the plan , ” Frank said , speaking generally and not about the Google situation in particular .
Given the dual - class share structure , investors may have little recourse other than a symbolic protest vote .
Those who invest in Google signed away a lot of their rights to complain about decisions , said Ironfire Capital ’s Eric Jackson , who was involved in an activist campaign directed at Yahoo in 2007 , but who does not have a position in Google .
“ Many investors have chosen to do that because they assumed growth is going to be fantastic and they wanted to be along for the ride , ” he said .
“ It ’s instances like this that cause shareholders to take a step back and think about it . ”
Rivet 2.0 released
Cynical Peak has released the second major edition of Rivet , its Mac - based media streaming software .
The software feeds movies , photos and music to networked game consoles , primarily the Xbox 360 ; music is delivered by way of a user 's iTunes library , while photos can be sourced from Aperture , iPhoto or custom folder selections .
Due to copy protection , video can be streamed only from folders chosen by a user .
Version 2.0 introduces the second console to be supported by the app , Sony's PlayStation 3 .
The app also no longer filters out iTunes Plus tracks , due to the PS3's ability to play them .
More generally the software has been improved with faster look - up speeds , and fewer time - outs while loading photo thumbnails .
Remaining changes revolve around fixes , such as the proper parsing of iTunes libraries and Aperture folders , and the elimination of a bug which would show no media in a mixed folder .
File size information is now accurately displayed for items over 4GB .
Rivet runs on Mac OS X 10.5 or later , and is free as an upgrade , or $ 20 new .
Motion blur is frequently used to show a sense of speed .
Photos taken with a camera do not represent a single moment of time .
Due to technological constraints these shots stand for some scene over a brief period of time .
Rather than an ultra - fast shutter speed , time - lapse and motion blur photography use a very slow shutter speed or multiple images to convey time and / or movement .
In motion blur , any object moving with respect to the camera will look blurred or smeared along the direction of relative motion .
Here are 25 beautiful and creative pictures of Motion Blur …
( photo by Lindsay Hope )
( photo by Brent and Marilynn )
( photo by jcowboy )
( photo by prawnpie )
( photo by oneredpanther )
( photo by mdumlao98 )
( photo by J - Cornelius )
( photo by slapshots )
( photo by Toby Keller )
( photo by Magic_Man )
( photo by Natasha Mhatre )
( photo by Andrew )
( photo by Leighton )
( photo by Trance - Elbow )
( photo by Laanba )
( photo by Mike Manalang )
( photo by Shane Glenn )
( photo by achtung . barry )
( photo by riebschlager )
( photo by Robert Claessen )
( photo by Rik Miller )
( photo by Mike Manalang )
( photo by jleaf4 )
( photo by Ole Begemann )
( photo by itmpa )
Here is a good article on How to Capture Motion Blur in Photography
NAIROBI , Kenya ( CNN ) --
Pirates on a seized Saudi - owned oil supertanker are delaying release of the ship despite receiving a ransom because of a fatal drowning accident that killed four of their colleagues , a journalist who spoke with one of the pirates told CNN .
A small aircraft is observed by the U.S. Navy flying over the Sirius Star during a seeming ransom payment Friday .
The pirates had been expected to release the Sirius Star , which they 've held since November 15 , after a ransom payment was parachuted onto the ship .
The journalist told CNN that the pirate who spoke said four pirates drowned after a skiff carrying leaving the Sirius Star capsized due to rough seas .
Sea charts showed that waves in the area were reaching 5 to 7 feet at the time .
There were five pirates in the skiff and one survived , the journalist said .
The bodies of the other four were recovered , he said , adding that this will delay the exit of the pirates still remaining on board the ship and thus affect the ship 's release after payment of the ransom .
The tanker was carrying two million barrels of crude oil worth about $ 100 million when pirates hijacked it off the coast of Somalia .
Pirates seized the Sirius Star more than 450 nautical miles off the African coast in one of their most audacious hijackings to date .
The pirates told another journalist that they received $ 3 million in ransom money , but lost part of it when the skiff capsized .
The remaining ransom money is still aboard the ship with the rest of the pirates .
Do n't Miss
Navy creates force devoted to piracy
The U.S. Navy took photographs and observed as an apparent ransom payment was parachuted aboard the tanker .
The pirates aboard the supertanker have equipment to check for counterfeit bills , authorities said .
" While the potential release of the Sirius Star is undoubtedly excellent news , we must not forget that nearly 300 other merchant mariners ( on other ships ) are still being held captive , " said Commodore Tim Lowe , deputy Combined Maritime Forces commander .
Hijackings off East Africa are a cause of growing international concern , spurring a number of international navies to patrol the pirate - wracked Gulf of Aden .
See how pirate attacks peaked in 2008 »
Dozens of ships have been attacked in the gulf by pirates based in a largely lawless Somalia in recent months .
See a map of the region »
The area involved , off the coast of Somalia and Kenya as well as the Gulf of Aden , equals more than 1.1 million square miles .
That is roughly four times the size of Texas , or the size of the Mediterranean and Red Seas combined .
All About Somalia • Pirates
[ / caption ]
It looks like astronomers have already grown tired of taking direct observations of exoplanets , been there , done that .
So they are now pushing for the next great discovery : the detection of exomoons orbiting exoplanets .
In a new study , a British astronomer wants to use a technique more commonly associated with the indirect observation of exoplanets .
This technique watches a candidate star to see if it wobbles .
The wobble is caused by the gravitational pull of the orbiting exoplanet , revealing its presence .
Now , according to David Kipping , the presence of exomoons can also be detected via the “ wobble method ” .
Track an exoplanet during its orbit around a star to see its own wobble due to the gravitational interaction between the exoplanet / exomoon system .
As if we needed any more convincing that this is not already an ‘ all kinds of awesome ’ project , Kipping has another motivation behind watching exoplanets wobble .
He wants to find Earth - like exomoons with the potential for extraterrestrial life …
If you sat me in a room and asked me for ten years over and over again : “ If you were an astronomer , and you had infinite funds , what would you want to discover ? “ , I do n’t think I would ever arrive at the answer : the natural satellites orbiting exoplanets . ”
However , now I have read an article about it and studied the abstracts of a few papers , it does n’t seem like such a strange proposition .
David Kipping , an astronomer working at the University College London ( UCL ) , has acquired funding to investigate his method of measuring the wobble of exoplanets to reveal the presence of exomoons , and to measure their mass and distance from the exoplanet .
“ Until now astronomers have only looked at the changes in the position of a planet as it orbits its star .
This has made it difficult to confirm the presence of a moon as these changes can be caused by other phenomena , such as a smaller planet , ” said Kipping .
“ By adopting this new method and looking at variations in a planet ’s position and velocity each time it passes in front of its star , we gain far more reliable information and have the ability to detect an Earth - mass moon around a Neptune - mass gas planet . ”
Kipping ’s work appeared in the December 11th Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society and could help the search for exomoons that lie within the habitable zone .
Of the 300 + exoplanets observed so far , 30 are within the habitable zones of their host stars , but the planets themselves are large gas giants , several times the size of Jupiter .
These gas giants are therefore assumed to be hostile for the formation for life ( life as we know it in any case ) and so have been discounted as habitable exoplanets .
But what if these exoplanets in the habitable zone have Earth - like exomoons orbiting them ?
Could they be detected ?
It would appear so .
Prof. Keith Mason , Chief Executive of the Science and Technology Facilities Council ( STFC ) , added , “ It ’s very exciting that we can now gather so much information about distant moons as well as distant planets .
If some of these gas giants found outside our Solar System have moons , like Jupiter and Saturn , there ’s a real possibility that some of them could be Earth - like . ”
Watch this space for an announcement of the first Earth - like exomoon to be discovered , at the rate of current technological advancement in astronomy , we could be looking at our first Earth - like exoplanet exomoon sooner than we anticipated …
Source : New Scientist , STFC
Sentilla Debuts Ultra-Powerful Energy Manager for Data Centers
January 29th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
Yesterday , Sentilla announced the release of its Energy Manager , a powerful piece of software that works with a microsensor system to detect and manage the energy consumption of data centers .
The core of Sentilla ’s product is a series of microprocessors embedded in intelligent power strips .
Each strip measures power use at the server level .
Every few minutes , the microprocessors ’ data is sent wirelessly to a computer so data center managers can monitor energy patterns — specifically , RMS current , RMS voltage , aggregate energy , power factor , and active , apparent , and reactive power .
The sensors can also be used to monitor room temperature .
“ This has been exciting for us , because we ’re providing information that I have n’t seen anyone else provide at this level of granularity , ” said Joe Polastre , Sentilla ’s co-founder and CTO .
Polastre estimates that data centers using Sentilla Energy Manager can reduce energy usage by over 10 percent .
And since data center energy costs can be 100 times higher than those for typical buildings , every little bit helps .
Photo Credit : Sentilla
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Not that you need another reason to dislike religion … this one comes from a pastor , Thomas Steagald .
His daughter is a server at Chili’s .
She was working last Sunday when some church - goers came in and … well , let the pastor tell the story :
A group of six church - goers came in last night after their evening services and sat down , not in her area but in another server ’s .
When the girl came to greet them and take their drink order , one of them said , “ We want to tell you up front that we will not be tipping you tonight because … ”
Are you ready ?
“ … we do not believe in people working on Sunday . ”
The girl was taken full - aback , stammered out something that sounded like “ I would n’t have to work on Sunday if so many church people did n’t come in , ” or some such .
She was furious .
So was the manager of the restaurant whom she summoned to deal with them .
I think he should have tossed the people out on their …uh … Bibles .
To his credit , and demonstrating something like agape all around , he did say to them , “ Well , we do n’t believe in making our people work for nothing , so I will be serving you tonight . ”
And he did .
God bless him .
Wow .
How ’s that for compassion and empathy .
Going to a restaurant where you need a server and then refusing to tip the person who is going to serve you .
This must mean Jesus was a bad tipper .
I take it based on these Christians ’ actions that their church ’s pastor does n’t get paid for his Sunday services then … ?
( via Prayer Pilgrimage )
It 's a sure sign that winter 's nearly over : Debate begins anew on the value of the volume of water in the Great Lakes .
Think of Great Lakes as a giant liquid bank account -- an ice - age - old savings plan , but with only a 1 percent interest rate each year .
And most of that is already being mostly used up by us for our own use ( and some would argue misuse ) .
Then , imagine climate change continuing to dip deeper into that water volume savings ( by evaporation ) and realize that even 6 quadrillion gallons of water in five vast lakes should n't be touched to slake the thirst of the American Southwest if drought persists .
That 's the opinion of a trio of water resources researchers , including an aquatic ecologist from Miami University ( Ohio ) , in an article " Sentinels of Change , " published in this month 's Science magazine .
The full study is available online and in print only by subscription .
A review of one - page study in Science , provided to The Plain Dealer and cleveland.com by Ohio researcher Craig E. Williamson , says that " although they make up a small percentage of Earth 's surface , lakes and reservoirs act as sentinels by providing signals that reflect the influence of climate change " on a broader scale .
" Lakes and reservoirs are n't often considered in climate change modeling , but they 're actually the real hot spots -- for information about what happened in the past and what is happening now , " Williamson said in a telephone interview Monday afternoon .
" They also give more clear signals about the changes that are happening than the oceans do , " Williamson said .
The article also suggests that a climate - driven hydrologic imbalance led the connecting rivers and Niagara Falls to dry up more than 8,000 years ago , leaving the Great Lakes as separate basins -- and ecologically disastrous scenario we would do well to avoid , the researchers assert .
Williamson was joined on the project by Jasmine E. Saros from the University of Maine and David W. Schindler from the University of Alberta .
Schindler used the bank account metaphor in a recent story in the Montreal Gazette 's online site .
He warns against draining the lakes to " irrigate the Red River Valley and supply water to the dry American southwest . "
Schindler says that Lake Superior , for example , is only renewed at a rate of about two - tenths of 1 percent each year , on average , leaving it vulnerable to withdrawals .
He also noted that there have been attempts to try to take water outside the Great Lakes basin .
Those attempts , of course , were made less likely in the future with the 2008 passage of the Great Lakes Water Compact
A series of stories by The Plain Dealer in 2008 chronicled the history of water grabs from the Great Lakes and laid out the options for water conservation and a new water economy .
Roy and Val Worthington , from Castle Donington in Leicestershire , were celebrating renewing their vows with friends and family when a police helicopter and cars turned up .
A member of the public had called the county 's force after spotting a man walking down the street with what appeared to be a rifle over his shoulder .
In fact , the weapon was a toy and the man was headed for the Worthingtons ' silver wedding anniversary do at their local , The Moira Arms .
Mrs Worthington said : " We just came out of the church and my husband said ' I bought you a helicopter ' as a joke , because there was one overhead .
And when we got to the bottom of the road there was all these police cars stopped outside .
There was an armed police unit and a police dog .
" Somebody had phoned up and said there was a man walking around Donington with guns .
I suppose they were right to have responded but it was a little bit over the top . "
She said she contacted Leicestershire Police in November to warn them about the party and that guests may be carrying toy weapons .
Tina Whiting , friend of the couple and landlady of The Moira Arms , said : " I think it was obvious , they were dressed as cowboys and indians .
You could tell it was a party and not a shoot - out . "
A spokesman for Leicestershire Police said : " The police helicopter was already in the area at the time and assisted with the incident .
No action was taken against anyone at the party .
" Leicestershire Constabulary has to treat all reports of firearms as genuine and respond to them accordingly .
People need to remember that it is an offence to carry a gun , whether real or imitation , in a public place and should bear this in mind when attending fancy dress parties .
It can cause real distress to those who witness it and may result in arrests and charges . "
Page was one of the most photographed women of her time Bettie Page , one of the most famous US pin-up models of the 1950s , has died in Los Angeles , aged 85 .
Her provocative poses - often in bikinis - made her a cult figure and she was one of the first models to appear in Playboy magazine .
Bettie Page was credited with helping to pave the way for the sexual revolution of the 1960s .
Some pictures of her showing bondage and spanking generated controversy and attracted a congressional subpoena .
The secretary - turned - model was admitted to hospital last month , suffering from pneumonia .
She had a heart attack last week and never regained consciousness .
' Iconic figure ' " With deep personal sadness I must announce that my dear friend and client Bettie Page passed away at 1841 this evening ( 0241 GMT Friday ) in a Los Angeles hospital , " her agent Mark Roesler said .
" She captured the imagination of a generation with her free spirit and unabashed sensuality " , he said .
" She is the embodiment of beauty " .
I never thought it was shameful .
I felt it was normal
Bettie Page
In pictures : Bettie Page
Playboy founder Hugh Hefner called her a " very dear person " , AP reported .
" I think that she was a remarkable lady , an iconic figure in pop culture who influenced sexuality , taste in fashion , someone who had a tremendous impact on our society , " Hefner was quoted as saying .
Bettie Mae Page was born in Nashville , Tennessee , in 1923 .
Her career took off after an amateur photographer in New York asked her to pose for pictures in 1950 .
She featured in posters and photographs , including one of the early centrefolds of Playboy magazine .
However not everyone was happy with the pictures .
Some US lawmakers were concerned they amounted to pornography and subpoenaed Page to testify at a congressional hearing , although in the end she never had to appear .
Looking back on her career , she told Playboy in 1998 : " I never thought it was shameful .
I felt normal .
It 's just that it was much better than pounding a typewriter eight hours a day , which gets monotonous . "
She was married three times but had no children .
She disappeared from public view in the late 1950s , turning to religion and battling mental illness .
However , decades later , she became the subject of renewed interest .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The company that owns the plane that crash - landed into the ocean off Darwin on Friday says it is too early to determine the cause of the accident .
The pilot of the Piper Chieftain says one of the engines failed and he was forced to ditch the plane into the harbour .
All six people on board escaped the crash unharmed , though they were forced to swim ashore .
The plane was hoisted on to a barge late on Saturday and is now in the hands of CSG 's insurers .
CSG managing director Denis Mackenzie says other services will not be affected by the incident .
" I think CASA ( Civil Aviation Safety Authority ) or ATSB ( Australian Transport Safety Bureau ) will be investigating and we 'll find out in a couple of months , " he said .
" We will have planes and other equipment going to Maningrida early next week . "
Mr Mackenzie says despite the loss of company assets , he is relieved nobody was hurt .
" The loss is inconsequential really .
I 'd say there would have been computers and things and different equipment on the plane , the main thing is they all got out . "
CSG says it will conduct an internal investigation into the crash .
If you ’re a guy , you probably have n’t watched this show .
Ugly Betty is the story of Betty Suarez , a good - hearted girl from Queens , New York , brave but sorely lacking in social skills , self - confidence , fashion sense , and aesthetic polish .
Betty works at a fashion magazine as the executive assistant to the Editor - In - Chief of Mode Magazine .
Ugly Betty might not be so hot , but some of her cast mates are .
Becki Newton plays Amanda Sommers .
Amanda is convinced Betty stole the Executive Assistant job from her and has been scheming to get rid of her .
Becki is the reason I find myself watching Ugly Betty from time to time because she ’s crazy hot !
Judge for yourself .
Vanessa Williams plays as Wilhelmina Slater , Creative Director at Mode Magazine and is constantly scheming to become the Editor In Chief .
Vanessa has the distinguishing honor of being on our Forty over Forty : Sexy Older Actresses .
Ashley Jensen plays as Christina McKinney , a seamstress at Mode .
Christina is one of Betty ’s confidants at Mode .
Lastly , Ana Ortiz plays as Hilda Suarez , Betty ’s older and big boobied sister .
If you like what you see , make sure you check out Ugly Betty on ABC on Thursday nights at 8 pm EST .
LONDON  Britain joined other governments bailing out their auto industries by announcing a $ 3.2 billion aid package on Tuesday , after three months of pleas from unions and executives of Jaguar Land Rover and Vauxhall , a General Motors brand .
The government offered automakers and suppliers access to £ 1.3 billion ( $ 1.8 billion ) in loan guarantees from the European Investment Bank , topped off with another £ 1 billion from the Treasury , the business secretary , Peter Mandelson , told Parliament on Tuesday .
He said the government would also increase the amount that it spent on the training of employees .
The automotive industry “ is in the front line of the downturn , with output falling faster and further than any other sector since the summer , ” Mr. Mandelson said .
“ We need to counter this to prevent an irreversible loss of capacity , skills and technology . ”
But he added that the “ industry is not a lame duck and this is no bailout . ”
“ There is no blank check on offer , no operating subsidies , ” Mr. Mandelson said .
A humpback whale has been rescued after it got trapped in a fishing net off the coast of Mexico .
A diver involved in the rescue , Oscar Ortiz said it appeared the whale had been caught for some time , possibly up to two months judging by the way the net had cut into the flesh of its tail .
He said that when divers arrived to help free the animal , it grew agitated and anxious : " It was turning from one side to the other , and it complained and cried in desperation . "
Gradually divers were able to get closer to the whale as it calmed down he said , allowing them to free it from the tangled up fishing net .
A Low - Budget , 4 - Minute Video Makes the Strongest Case I Have Seen for the Magnitude of This Crisis
January 26 , 2009
This is an ad .
I have never seen a more powerful video ad .
It merely promotes a web site .
How it promotes it !
This video drives home a point : we have entered a new era .
We have just barely entered it .
Our world will not be the same for much longer .
This is what a home - brew video can do .
After seeing it , you may have doubts about the financial media .
They never explained things this way .
If you know someone who could benefit from this , email this page .
I am opening this to the public .
It is that important .
Glamour Women of the Year 2008 : Red Carpet Photos
Glamour magazine honored the 2008 Women of the Year with a star - studded gathering at Carnegie Hall in New York City on Monday evening .
Entertainment was provided by musician
The latest group of special women were nominated by the Glamour Women of the Year advisory board and are profiled in the December issue of Glamour , on newsstands November 11 .
The 2008 recipients were :
Nujood Ali and Shada Nasser : civil rights lawyer and her 10 year old client .
Tyra Banks : model and television personality
Hillary Clinton : U.S. Senator New York
Maureen Chiquet : CEO Chanel
Jane Goodall : Primatologist received Lifetime Achievement
Nicole Kidman : actress
Condoleezza Rice : Secretary of State
Misty May - Treanor , Kerri Walsh : Beijing Olympic Gold Medalists
Kara Walker : renowned artist
Nobel Women 's Initiative : Nobel Peace Prize Laureates Betty Williams , Jody Williams , Roigoberta Menchu Tum , Shirin Ebadi , Mairead Corrigan Maguire and Wangari Maathai
Photo Gallery below of celebrity event attendees .
Photos : WENN
Getting The Best Motorcycle Insurance Deal
There is nothing cooler than speeding along on two wheels .
For many bikers there bike is there pride and joy .
However I was surprised to learn that a great number of bikers out there just do not bother with motorcycle insurance .
I find this really crazy and I wanted to share with you a few thoughts on the way to get the best deal for your motorcycle insurance .
What The Insurance Companies Consider
There are many factors that the various insurance companies will consider , but these are the main ones that they will think about before they offer you a quote .
Your Age
Your Address
Your History of Driving
What Kind of Job You Have
Of course these will most of the times then break down into smaller sub categories , but for the most part these are the main things that they will consider .
Tips To Get The Best Deal !
Shop Around
Do not just settle with that first quote you get even if it does look amazing .
The insurance companies all want your business so use this to your advantage and make sure you shop around .
Keeping Your Bike Safe
If you just keep your bike parked on the street then this will add a great amount to your quote .
Think is there a way you can make it more secure .
By perhaps putting in a garage at night or on your drive way .
Over Insuring
Never over insure .
Many people think if they do this and they get there bike written off that they can get an even better more expensive bike .
This is not the case you will just get the actual value for your bike .
Extra Training
Many insurers will offer lower rates if you have undertaken some extra special motorcycle training .
The Story of T.I. ( Not The Rapper ) and Why It Can Help You With Your Trading
I was a new sailor onboard USS Enterprise ( CVN - 65 , no Star Trek jokes in the comments please ) when I first met T.I .
T.I. could be described as one of those only in the military stories , one of those guys that there is no way in hell that they could ever exist in the “ civilian ” world .
You see , T.I. grew up in a racist family .
No one knows why he joined the military , but here he was now surrounded by people of different backgrounds , ideals …
Races .
There is a trading lesson here , trust me .
Anyway , T.I. was on his way out , but because of his “ seniority ” , all new guys , including myself had to suffer — I mean — listen to him .
However , something happened to T.I. in which we will find our lesson :
T.I. found out that he was adopted .
He then found his birth parents … and discovered that he was not white , but Puerto Rican .
It gets better …
After he found his birth parents , a major change happened in T.I .
He became a “ loc down GANSTA ESSE ! ”
I guess he thought that to be Puerto Rican meant to be your stereotypical latin gangbanger from the movies , so that is the persona he decided to take .
He even became fluent in Spanish !
But wait , there is more , and there is a lesson to be learned here .
From there , I guess he thought that if everything that he learned from his racist pseudo - baptist upbringing was wrong , hell let ’s go wild !
He tried hanging out at goth clubs , rave clubs — doing anything and everything to try and find out who he REALLY was .
He even got himself a boyfriend !
In the end , the military finally kicked him out on a psychological discharge — he had gone that far down the deep end .
So , what does this have to do with you ?
Well …
When many of us started out in the trading game , it is usually as a “ buy and hold ” - er — a wannabe Warren Buffet type .
And , ( especially the returns that the market is currently giving ) we eventually wake up from that premise and begin to really explore how to make money in the markets .
Eventually , we discover trading , starting with a few indicators .
Then , more and more and more indicators are used .
Eventually , we end up with 17 or more indicator monstrosity that gives conflicting signals .
Eventually we end up making up rules , like “ I will listen to this indicator only if the market is trending , the low tide has come in , and only during the winter solstice ” …
And then wonder why we are LOSING MONEY !
The best trading strategies have the following :
They are simple .
The more complicated , the worse off you will be .
They have an EDGE .
They are clearly defined .
Simple .
But then again , who was it that said common is sense is not so common ?
From the Original Story Source : Rocky Mountain News
We make no claims and take no credit for its content
Richard Lopez ’s ex-wife ca n’t get over the irony and sadness of the soldier ’s death – from wounds outside a Steamboat Springs bar after he slipped on the ice then suffered a severe beating .
An autopsy Tuesday determined that Lopez died Monday of severe trauma to the head and brain , Steamboat Police Capt .
Joel Rae said .
Lopez was a survivor , serving in the Army Special Forces in Afghanistan , parachuting out of airplanes and battling back after being shot in the stomach in combat three years ago , said Shannon Boahn , who was married to Lopez for eight years .
“ He ’d just returned from Afghanistan , ” Boahn said of Lopez , who was assigned to a Special Forces unit at Fort Bragg , N.C .
He picked up his 16 - year - old son , Nick , from Jacksonville , Fla. , on Christmas Day and flew to Steamboat Springs to join his friends , Tim and Wesley Mottlau .
They had spent a great week together , and for their last night in Steamboat Springs , the three friends went to the Tap House bar on New Year ’s , Boahn said .
Wes Mottlau told her that the trouble started when Lopez and the Mottlaus played a Jimmy Buffett song on the jukebox .
“ These other two guys did n’t like the song and were giving them a hard time , ” Boahn said .
“ They put on a Kanye West song , and Richard , Wes and Tim were razzing them about the Kanye West song . ”
A fight erupted as the men walked back to their cars , Boahn said .
“ The next thing they knew , Richard was over there on the ground , ” she said .
“ They think he slipped on the ice .
This one guy continued beating him when he was unconscious . ”
“ We know who the suspects are , ” Rae said .
“ They have been identified . ”
No arrests have been made .
A native of San Luis Obispo , Calif. , Lopez enlisted as an infantryman in 1993 and served tours with the 82nd Airborne Division in Korea , Iraq and Afghanistan .
Related Articles :
Other stories of interest ”
A 48 year old skier dangled from a chairlift for seven minutes as others tried to free him .
Half naked pictures of the incident surfaced on the internet .
Amy Winehouse vacations in the Caribbean .
Befriends hot rugby player !
If this does n’t make you quit , nothing will .
With a new 62 cent federal tax on cigarettes added this week with the passage of the State Children ’s Health Insurance Program law , the new price of a pack of cigarettes will soar past $ 10 in Manhattan .
The NYC price is higher than anywhere in the country and more than twice the national average .
And beginning April 1 , two - thirds of that cost will be made up of city , state and federal taxes .
Of course , even if you can afford to buy a pack , where would you smoke it ?
Michael Seilback of the American Lung Association of New York state , says the added costs are a good thing , and may help cut down on the 35,000 smoking - related deaths in the state every year , and some $ 1.7 billion in future health costs .
On the other hand , the taxes could be so effective that everyone quits , and there ’s no money for state , federal and city health programs .
DETROIT 
After closing the books on a $ 14.6 billion loss in 2008  the worst annual result in its 105 - year history 
Ford Motor Company said Thursday that it would draw the last $ 10.1 billion from its lines of credit to add to its cash hoard so that it could survive the increasingly bleak vehicle market .
Ford ’s chief executive , Alan R. Mulally , said the company , which tapped credit markets to build its cash reserves well before the economy soured , remained determined to finance its operations without the federal aid that was extended to its crosstown rivals , General Motors and Chrysler .
“ I think there ’s more awareness than ever that Ford is on a very different path , ” Mr. Mulally said in an interview .
He added that it had become a marketing advantage for Ford with consumers shopping for an American car .
“ Our dealers have told us that people know that Ford is in a better place , ” Mr. Mulally said .
Why memory must be managed
Memory management is one of the most fundamental areas of computer programming .
In many scripting languages , you do n’t have to worry about how memory is managed , but that does n’t make memory management any less important .
Knowing the abilities and limitations of your memory manager is critical for effective programming .
In most systems languages like C and C++ , you have to do memory management .
This article covers the basics of manual , semi-automatic , and automatic memory management practices .
Back in the days of assembly language programming on the Apple II , memory management was not a huge concern .
You basically had run of the whole system .
Whatever memory the system had , so did you .
You did n’t even have to worry about figuring out how much memory it had , since every computer had the same amount .
So , if your memory requirements were pretty static , you just chose a memory range to use and used it .
However , even in such a simple computer you still had issues , especially if you did n’t how much memory each part of your program was going to need .
If you have limited space and varying memory needs , then you need some way to meet these requirements :
Determine if you have enough memory to process data
Get a section of memory from the available memory
Return a section of memory back to the pool of available memory so it can be used by other parts of the program or other programs
The libraries that implement these requirements are called allocators , because they are responsible for allocating and deallocating memory .
The more dynamic a program is , the more memory management becomes an issue , and the more important your choice of memory allocator becomes .
Let ’s look at the different methods available to manage memory , their benefits and drawbacks , and the situations in which they work best .
C - style memory allocators
The C programming language provides two functions to fulfill our three requirements :
malloc :
This allocates a given number of bytes and returns a pointer to them .
If there is n’t enough memory available , it returns a null pointer .
This allocates a given number of bytes and returns a pointer to them .
If there is n’t enough memory available , it returns a null pointer .
free :
This takes a pointer to a segment of memory allocated by malloc , and returns it for later use by the program or the operating system ( actually , some malloc implementations can only return memory back to the program , not to the operating system ) .
Physical and virtual memory
To understand how memory gets allocated within your program , you first need to understand how memory gets allocated to your program from the operating system .
Each process on your computer thinks that it has access to all of your physical memory .
Obviously , since you are running multiple programs at the same time , each process ca n’t own all of the memory .
What happens is that your processes are using virtual memory .
Just for an example , let ’s say that your program is accessing memory address 629 .
The virtual memory system , however , does n’t necessarily have it stored in RAM location 629 .
In fact , it may not even be in RAM — it could even have been moved to disk if your physical RAM was full !
Because the addresses do n’t necessarily reflect the physical location where the memory is located , this is called virtual memory .
The operating system maintains a table of virtual address - to - physical address translations so that the computer hardware can respond properly to address requests .
And , if the address is on disk instead of in RAM , the operating system will temporarily halt your process , unload other memory to disk , load in the requested memory from disk , and restart your process .
This way , each process gets its own address space to play in and can access more memory than you have physically installed .
On 32 - bit x86 systems , each process can access 4 GB of memory .
Now , most people do n’t have 4 GB of memory on their systems , even if you include swap , must less 4 GB per process .
Therefore , when a process loads , it gets an initial allocation of memory up to a certain address , called the system break .
Past that is unmapped memory — memory for which no corresponding physical location has been assigned either in RAM or on disk .
Therefore , if a process runs out of memory from its initial allocation , it has to request that the operating system “ map in ” more memory .
( Mapping is a mathematical term for one - to - one correspondence — memory is “ mapped ” when its virtual address has a corresponding physical location to store it in . )
UNIX - based systems have two basic system calls that map in additional memory :
brk : brk( ) is a very simple system call .
Remember the system break , the location that is the edge of mapped memory for the process ? brk ( ) simply moves that location forward or backward , to add or remove memory to or from the process .
is a very simple system call .
Remember the system break , the location that is the edge of mapped memory for the process ?
simply moves that location forward or backward , to add or remove memory to or from the process .
mmap : mmap( ) , or “ memory map , ” is like brk ( ) but is much more flexible .
First , it can map memory in anywhere , not just at the end of the process .
Second , not only can it map virtual addresses to physical RAM or swap , it can map them to files and file locations so that reading and writing memory addresses will read and write data to and from files .
Here , however , we are only concerned with mmap ‘s ability to add mapped RAM to our process . munmap ( ) does the reverse of mmap ( ) .
As you can see , either brk ( ) or mmap ( ) can be used to add additional virtual memory to our processes .
We will use brk( ) in our examples , because it is simpler and more common .
Implementing a simple allocator
If you ’ve done much C programming , you have probably used malloc ( ) and free ( ) quite a bit .
However , you may not have taken the time to think about how they might be implemented in your operating system .
This section will show you code for a simplistic implementation of malloc and free to help demonstrate what is involved with managing memory .
To try out these examples , copy the following code and paste it into a file called malloc.c .
I ’ll explain the listing a section at a time , below .
Listing 1 . malloc.c
/* Include the sbrk function */ # include < unistd.h > int has_initialized = 0 ; void * managed_memory_start ; void * last_valid_address ; void malloc_init ( ) { /* grab the last valid address from the OS */ last_valid_address = sbrk(0 ) ; /* we do n't have any memory to manage yet , so * just set the beginning to be last_valid_address */ managed_memory_start = last_valid_address ; /* Okay , we 're initialized and ready to go */ has_initialized =
1 ; } struct mem_control_block { int is_available ; int size ; } ; void free ( void * firstbyte ) { struct mem_control_block * mcb ; /* Backup from the given pointer to find the * mem_control_block */ mcb = firstbyte - sizeof ( struct mem_control_block ) ; /*
Mark the block as being available */ mcb->is_available = 1 ; /* That 's It !
We 're done .
*/ return ; } void * malloc ( long numbytes ) { /*
Holds where we are looking in memory */ void * current_location ; /*
This is the same as current_location , but cast to a * memory_control_block */ struct mem_control_block *current_location_mcb ; /* This is the memory location we will return .
It will * be set to 0 until we find something suitable */ void * memory_location ; /* Initialize if we have n't already done so */ if (! has_initialized ) { malloc_init( ) ; } /*
The memory we search for has to include the memory * control block , but the user of malloc does n't need * to know this , so we 'll just add it in for them .
*/ numbytes = numbytes + sizeof ( struct mem_control_block ) ; /*
Set memory_location to 0 until we find a suitable * location */ memory_location = 0 ; /* Begin searching at the start of managed memory */ current_location = managed_memory_start ; /* Keep going until we have searched all allocated space */ while ( current_location != last_valid_address ) { /* current_location and current_location_mcb point * to the same address .
However , current_location_mcb * is of the correct type so we can use it as a struct .
* current_location is a void pointer so we can use it * to calculate addresses .
*/ current_location_mcb = ( struct mem_control_block *)current_location ; if( current_location_mcb->is_available ) { if( current_location_mcb ->size >= numbytes ) { /* Woohoo !
We 've found an open , * appropriately - size location .
*/ /*
It is no longer available */ current_location_mcb->is_available = 0 ; /* We own it */ memory_location = current_location ; /* Leave the loop */ break ; } } /*
If we made it here , it 's because the Current memory * block not suitable , move to the next one */ current_location = current_location + current_location_mcb->size ; } /*
If we still do n't have a valid location , we 'll * have to ask the operating system for more memory */ if (! memory_location ) { /*
Move the program break numbytes further */ sbrk( numbytes ) ; /*
The new memory will be where the last valid * address left off */ memory_location = last_valid_address ; /*
We 'll move the last valid address forward * numbytes */ last_valid_address = last_valid_address + numbytes ; /*
We need to initialize the mem_control_block */ current_location_mcb = memory_location ; current_location_mcb->is_available = 0 ; current_location_mcb ->size = numbytes ; } /* Now , no matter what ( well , except for error conditions ) , * memory_location has the address of the memory , including * the mem_control_block */ /*
Move the pointer past the mem_control_block */ memory_location = memory_location + sizeof ( struct mem_control_block ) ; /* Return the pointer */ return memory_location ; } Show more
Show more icon
Memory allocation on most operating systems is handled by two simple functions :
void * malloc ( long numbytes ) :
This allocates numbytes of memory and returns a pointer to the first byte .
: This allocates of memory and returns a pointer to the first byte .
void free ( void * firstbyte ) :
Given a pointer that has been returned by a previous malloc , this gives the space that was allocated back to the process ’s “ free space . ”
malloc_init is going to be our function to initialize our memory allocator .
It does three things : marks our allocator as being initialized , finds the last valid memory address on the system , and sets up the pointer to the beginning of our managed memory .
These three variables are global variables :
Listing 2 . Global variables of our simple allocator
int has_initialized = 0 ; void *managed_memory_start ; void * last_valid_address ;
Show more
Show more icon
As mentioned above , the edge of mapped memory — last valid address — is often known as the system break or the current break .
On many UNIX ® systems , to find the current system break , you use the function sbrk ( 0 ) .
sbrk moves the current system break by the number of bytes in its argument , and then returns the new system break .
Calling it with an argument of 0 simply returns the current break .
Here is our malloc initialization code , which finds the current break and initializes our variables :
Listing 3 . Allocator initialization function
/* Include the sbrk function */ # include < unistd.h> void malloc_init ( ) { /* grab the last valid address from the OS */ last_valid_address = sbrk(0 ) ; /* we do n't have any memory to manage yet , so * just set the beginning to be last_valid_address */ managed_memory_start = last_valid_address ; /* Okay , we 're initialized and ready to go */ has_initialized =
1 ; } Show more Show more icon
Now , in order to properly manage memory , we need to be able to track what we are allocating and deallocating .
We need to do things like mark blocks as unused after free has been called on them , and be able to locate unused blocks when malloc is called .
Therefore , the start of every piece of memory returned by malloc will have this structure at the beginning :
Listing 4 . Memory Control Block structure definition <
struct mem_control_block { int is_available ; int size ; } ; Show more Show more icon
Now , you might think that this would cause problems for programs calling malloc — how do they know about this struct ?
The answer is that they do n’t have to know about it ; we will hide it by moving the pointer past this struct before we return it .
This will make the returned pointer point to memory that is not used for any other purpose .
That way , from the calling programs ’ perspective , all they get is free , open memory .
Then , when they pass the pointer back via free ( ) , we simply back up a few memory bytes to find this structure again .
We ’re going to talk about freeing before we talk about allocating memory , because it ’s simpler .
The only thing we have to do to free memory is to take the pointer we ’re given , back up sizeof ( struct mem_control_block ) bytes , and mark it as available .
Here is the code for that :
Listing 5 . Deallocation function
void free ( void * firstbyte ) { struct mem_control_block * mcb ; /* Backup from the given pointer to find the * mem_control_block */ mcb = firstbyte - sizeof ( struct mem_control_block ) ; /*
Mark the block as being available */ mcb->is_available = 1 ; /* That 's It !
We 're done .
*/ return ; } Show more
Show more icon
As you can see , in this allocator , freeing memory is done in constant time , using a very simple mechanism .
Allocating memory is slightly harder .
Here is the outline of the algorithm :
Listing 6 . Pseudo - code for the main allocator
1 . If our allocator has not been initialized , initialize it .
2 . Add sizeof ( struct mem_control_block ) to the size requested .
3 . Start at managed_memory_start .
4 . Are we at last_valid address ?
5 . If we are : A . We did n't find any existing space that was large enough -- ask the operating system for more and return that .
6 . Otherwise : A . Is the current space available ( check is_available from the mem_control_block ) ?
B . If it is : i)
Is it large enough ( check " size " from the mem_control_block ) ? ii )
If so : a .
Mark it as unavailable b.
Move past mem_control_block and return the pointer iii ) Otherwise : a .
Move forward " size " bytes b.
Go back go step 4 C. Otherwise : i)
Move forward " size " bytes ii )
Go back to step 4 Show more Show more icon
We ’re basically walking through memory using linked pointers looking for open chunks .
Here is the code :
Listing 7 .
The main allocator
void * malloc ( long numbytes ) { /*
Holds where we are looking in memory */ void * current_location ; /*
This is the same as current_location , but cast to a * memory_control_block */ struct mem_control_block *current_location_mcb ; /* This is the memory location we will return .
It will * be set to 0 until we find something suitable */ void * memory_location ; /* Initialize if we have n't already done so */ if (! has_initialized ) { malloc_init( ) ; } /*
The memory we search for has to include the memory * control block , but the users of malloc do n't need * to know this , so we 'll just add it in for them .
*/ numbytes = numbytes + sizeof ( struct mem_control_block ) ; /*
Set memory_location to 0 until we find a suitable * location */ memory_location = 0 ; /* Begin searching at the start of managed memory */ current_location = managed_memory_start ; /* Keep going until we have searched all allocated space */ while ( current_location != last_valid_address ) { /* current_location and current_location_mcb point * to the same address .
However , current_location_mcb * is of the correct type , so we can use it as a struct .
* current_location is a void pointer so we can use it * to calculate addresses .
*/ current_location_mcb = ( struct mem_control_block *)current_location ; if( current_location_mcb->is_available ) { if( current_location_mcb ->size >= numbytes ) { /* Woohoo !
We 've found an open , * appropriately - size location .
*/ /*
It is no longer available */ current_location_mcb->is_available = 0 ; /* We own it */ memory_location = current_location ; /* Leave the loop */ break ; } } /*
If we made it here , it 's because the Current memory * block not suitable ; move to the next one */ current_location = current_location + current_location_mcb->size ; } /*
If we still do n't have a valid location , we 'll * have to ask the operating system for more memory */ if (! memory_location ) { /*
Move the program break numbytes further */ sbrk( numbytes ) ; /*
The new memory will be where the last valid * address left off */ memory_location = last_valid_address ; /*
We 'll move the last valid address forward * numbytes */ last_valid_address = last_valid_address + numbytes ; /*
We need to initialize the mem_control_block */ current_location_mcb = memory_location ; current_location_mcb->is_available = 0 ; current_location_mcb ->size = numbytes ; } /* Now , no matter what ( well , except for error conditions ) , * memory_location has the address of the memory , including * the mem_control_block */ /*
Move the pointer past the mem_control_block */ memory_location = memory_location + sizeof ( struct mem_control_block ) ; /* Return the pointer */ return memory_location ; } Show more Show more icon
And that is our memory manager .
Now , we just have to build it and get it to run with our programs .
To build your malloc - compatible allocator ( actually , we ’re missing some functions like realloc ( ) , but malloc ( ) and free ( ) are the main ones ) , run the following command :
Listing 8 . Compiling the allocator
gcc - shared - fpic malloc.c -o malloc.so
Show more
Show more icon
This will produce a file named malloc. so , which is a shared library containing our code .
On UNIX systems , you can now use your allocator in place of your system malloc ( ) by doing this :
Listing 9 .
Replacing your standard malloc
LD_PRELOAD=/path/to/malloc.so export LD_PRELOAD
Show more
Show more icon
The LD_PRELOAD environment variable causes the dynamic linker to load the symbols of the given shared library before any executable it loads .
It also gives precedence to the symbols in the library specified .
Therefore , any application we start from now on in this session will be using our malloc ( ) and not the system one .
A few applications do n’t use malloc( ) , but they are the exception .
Others , which use the other memory - management functions such as realloc ( ) or which make poor assumptions about the internal behavior of malloc ( ) will likely crash .
The ash shell appears to work just fine using our new malloc ( ) .
If you want to be sure that your malloc ( ) is being used , you should test it by adding calls to write ( ) at the entry points of your functions .
Our memory manager leaves a lot to be desired , but it is good for showing what a memory manager needs to do .
Some of its drawbacks include the following :
Since it operates on the system break ( a global variable ) , it cannot coexist with any other allocator or with mmap .
.
When allocating memory , in a worst - case scenario it will have to walk across all of a process ’s memory ; this may include a lot of memory located on disk as well , which means the operating system will have to spend time moving data to and from the disk .
There is no graceful handling for out - of - memory errors ( malloc simply assumes success ) .
simply assumes success ) .
It does not implement many of the other memory functions , such as realloc ( ) .
. Because sbrk ( ) may give back more memory than we ask for , we leak some memory at the end of the heap .
may give back more memory than we ask for , we leak some memory at the end of the heap .
The is_available flag uses a full 4 - byte word , even though it only contains 1 bit of information .
flag uses a full 4 - byte word , even though it only contains 1 bit of information .
The allocator is not thread - safe .
The allocator ca n’t coalesce free space into larger blocks .
The allocator ’s simplistic fitting algorithm leads to a lot of potential memory fragmentation .
I ’m sure there are a lot of other problems .
That ’s why it ’s only an example !
Other malloc implementations
There are many implementations of malloc ( ) , each with their own strengths and weaknesses .
There are a number of tradeoff decisions when you design an allocator , including :
Speed of allocation
Speed of deallocation
Behavior in a threaded environment
Behavior when memory is close to filling
Cache locality
Bookkeeping memory overhead
Behavior in Virtual Memory Environments
Small or large objects
Real - time guarantees
Each implementation has its own set of benefits and drawbacks .
In our simple allocator , it was very slow in allocation but very , very fast in deallocation .
Also , because of its poor behavior with virtual memory systems , it works best on large objects .
There are many other allocators available .
Some of them include :
Doug Lea Malloc : Doug Lea Malloc is actually an entire family of allocators , including Doug Lea ’s original allocator , the GNU libc allocator , and ptmalloc .
Doug Lea ’s allocator has a basic structure much like our version , but it incorporates indexes to make searching faster and has the ability to combine multiple unused chunks into one large chunk .
It also enables caching to make reuse of recently freed memory faster .
ptmalloc is a version of Doug Lea Malloc that was extended to support multiple threads .
BSD Malloc : BSD Malloc , the implementation that was distributed with 4.2 BSD and is included with FreeBSD , is an allocator that allocates objects from pools of objects of pre-determined sizes .
It has size classes for object sizes that are a power of two minus a constant .
So , if you request an object of a given size , it simply allocates in whatever size class will fit the object .
This provides for a fast implementation , but can waste memory .
Hoard : Hoard was written with the goal of being very fast in a multithreaded environment .
Therefore , it is structured around making the best use of locking to keep any process from having to wait to allocate memory .
It can dramatically speed up multithreaded processes that do a lot of allocating and deallocating .
These are the best known of the many allocators available .
If your program has specific allocation needs , you may prefer to write a custom allocator that matches the way your program allocates memory .
However , if you are n’t familiar with allocator design , custom allocators can often create more problems than they solve .
For a good introduction to the subject , see Donald Knuth ’s The Art of Computer Programming Volume 1 : Fundamental Algorithms in section 2.5 , “ Dynamic Storage Allocation ”
It is a bit dated , because it does n’t take into account virtual memory environments , but most algorithms are based on the ones presented there .
In C++ , you can implement your own allocator on a per-class or per-template basis by overloading operator new ( ) .
Andrei Alexandrescu ’s Modern C++ Design describes a small object allocator in Chapter 4 , “ Small Object Allocation . ”
Shortcomings of malloc ( ) - based memory management
Not only does our memory manager have shortcomings , there are many shortcomings of malloc ( ) - based memory management that remain no matter which allocator you use .
Managing memory with malloc ( ) can be pretty daunting for programs that have long - running storage they need to keep around .
If you have lots of references to memory floating around , it is often difficult to know when it should be released .
Memory whose lifetime is limited to the current function is fairly easy to manage , but for memory that lives beyond that , it becomes much more difficult .
Also , many APIs are unclear as to whether the responsibility for memory management lies with the calling program or the called function .
Because of the problems managing memory , many programs are oriented around their memory management rules .
C++’s exception handling makes this task even more problematic .
Sometimes it seems that more code is dedicated to managing memory allocation and cleanup than actually accomplishing computational tasks !
Therefore , we will examine other alternatives to memory - management .
Semi-automatic memory management strategies
Reference counting
Reference counting is a semi- automated memory - management technique , meaning that it requires some programmer support , but it does not require you to know for sure when an object is no longer in use .
The reference counting mechanism does that for you .
In reference counting , all shared data structures have a field that contains the number of “ references ” currently active to that structure .
When a procedure is passed a pointer to a data structure , it adds to the reference count .
Basically , you are telling the data structure how many locations it is being stored in .
Then , when your procedure is finished using it , it decreases the reference count .
When this happens , it also checks to see if the count has dropped to zero .
If so , it frees the memory .
The advantage to this is that you do n’t have to follow every path in your program that a given data structure may follow .
Each localized reference to it simply increases or decreases the count as appropriate .
This prevents it from being freed while it is still in use .
However , you must remember to run the reference counting functions whenever you are using a reference - counted data structure .
Also , built - in functions and third - party libraries will not know about or be able to use your reference - counting mechanism .
Reference counting also has difficulties with structures having circular references .
To implement reference counting , you simply need two functions — one to increase the reference count , and one to decrease the reference count and free the memory when the count drops to zero .
An example reference counting function set might look like this :
Listing 10 .
Basic reference counting functions
/* Structure Definitions */ /*
Base structure that holds a refcount */ struct refcountedstruct { int refcount ; } /*
All refcounted structures must mirror struct * refcountedstruct for their first variables */ /*
Refcount maintenance functions */ /*
Increase reference count */ void REF ( void * data ) { struct refcountedstruct * rstruct ; rstruct = ( struct refcountedstruct *) data ; rstruct -> refcount ++ ; } /* Decrease reference count */ void UNREF ( void * data ) { struct refcountedstruct * rstruct ; rstruct = ( struct refcountedstruct *) data ; rstruct -> refcount --; /*
Free the structure if there are no more users */ if ( rstruct -> refcount == 0 ) { free ( rstruct ) ; } } Show more Show more icon
REF and UNREF might be more complicated , depending on what you wanted to do .
For example , you may want to add locking for a multithreaded program , and you may want to extend refcountedstruct so that it also includes a pointer to a function to call before freeing the memory ( like a destructor in object - oriented languages — this is required if your structures contain pointers ) .
When using REF and UNREF , you need to obey these rules for pointer assignments :
UNREF the value that the left - hand - side pointer is pointing to before the assignment .
the value that the left - hand - side pointer is pointing to before the assignment .
REF the value that that the left - hand - side pointer is pointing to after the assignment .
In functions that are passed refcounted structures , the functions need to follow these rules :
REF every pointer at the beginning of the function .
UNREF every pointer at the end of the function .
Here is a quick example of code using reference counting :
Listing 11 .
Example using reference counting
/* EXAMPLES OF USAGE */ /*
Data type to be refcounted */ struct mydata { int refcount ; /* same as refcountedstruct */ int datafield1 ; /* Fields specific to this struct */ int datafield2 ; /* other declarations would go here as appropriate */ } ; /*
Use the functions in code */ void dosomething ( struct mydata * data ) { REF ( data ) ; /* Process data */ /* when we are through */ UNREF ( data ) ; } struct mydata * globalvar1 ; /*
Note that in this one , we do n't decrease the * refcount since we are maintaining the reference * past the end of the function call through the * global variable */ void storesomething ( struct mydata * data ) { REF ( data ) ; /* passed as a parameter */ globalvar1 = data ; REF ( data ) ; /* ref because of Assignment */ UNREF ( data ) ; /* Function finished */ } Show more
Show more icon
Since reference counting is so simple , most programmers implement it themselves rather than using libraries .
They do , however , depend on low - level allocators like malloc and free to actually allocate and release their memory .
Reference counting is used quite a bit in high - level languages like Perl to do memory management .
In those languages , the reference counting is handled automatically by the language , so that you do n’t have to worry about it at all except for writing extension modules .
This takes away some speed as everything must be reference counted , but adds quite a bit of safety and ease of programming .
Here are the benefits :
It has a simple implementation .
It is easy to use .
Since the reference is part of the data structure , it has good cache locality .
However , it also has its drawbacks :
It requires that you never forget to call the reference counting functions .
It will not release structures that are a part of a circular data structure .
It slows down nearly every pointer assignment .
You must take additional precautions when using exception - handling ( like try or setjmp ( ) / longjmp ( ) ) while using reference counted objects .
or / ) while using reference counted objects .
It requires extra memory to handle the references .
The reference counter takes up the first position in the structure , which is the fastest to access on most machines .
It is slower and more difficult to do in a multithreaded environment .
C++ can mitigate some of the programmer error by using smart pointers , which can handle pointer - handling details such as reference counting for you .
However , if you have to use any legacy code that ca n’t handle your smart pointers ( such as linkage to a C library ) , it usually degenerates into a mess that is actually more difficult and twisted than if you did n’t use them .
Therefore , it is usually only useful for C++- only projects .
If you want to use smart pointers , you really need to read the “ Smart Pointers ” chapter from Alexandrescu ’s Modern C++ Design book .
Memory pools
Memory pools are another method to semi-automate memory management .
Memory pools help automate memory management for programs that go through specific stages , each of which has memory that is allocated for only specific stages of processing .
For example , many network server processes have lots of per-connection memory allocated — memory whose maximum lifespan is the life of the current connection .
Apache , which uses pooled memory , has its connections broken down into stages , each of which have their own memory pool .
At the end of the stage , the entire memory pool is freed at once .
In pooled memory management , each allocation specifies a pool of memory from which it should be allocated .
Each pool has a different lifespan .
In Apache , there is a pool that lasts the lifetime of the server , one that lasts the lifetime of the connection , one that lasts the lifetime of the requests , and others as well .
Therefore , if I have a series of functions that will not generate any data that lasts longer than the connection , I can just allocate it all from the connection pool , knowing that at the end of the connection , it will be freed automatically .
Additionally , some implementations allow registering cleanup functions , which get called right before the memory pool is cleared , to do any additional tasks that need to be performed before the memory is cleared ( similar to destructors , for you object - oriented folks ) .
To use pools in your own programs , you can either use GNU libc ’s obstack implementation or Apache ’s Apache Portable Runtime .
GNU obstacks are nice , because they are included by default in GNU - based Linux distributions .
The Apache Portable Runtime is nice because it has a lot of other utilities to handle all aspects of writing multiplatform server software .
The following hypothetical code listing shows how obstacks are used :
Listing 12 .
Example code for obstacks
#include < obstack .h > # include < stdlib.h> /*
Example code listing for using obstacks */ /*
Used for obstack macros ( xmalloc is a malloc function that exits if memory is exhausted */ # define obstack_chunk_alloc xmalloc # define obstack_chunk_free free /* Pools */ /*
Only permanent allocations should go in this pool */ struct obstack * global_pool ; /*
This pool is for per-connection data */ struct obstack * connection_pool ; /*
This pool is for per-request data */ struct obstack * request_pool ; void allocation_failed ( ) { exit ( 1 ) ; } int main ( ) { /* Initialize Pools */ global_pool = ( struct obstack *) xmalloc ( sizeof ( struct obstack ) ) ; obstack_init( global_pool ) ; connection_pool = ( struct obstack *) xmalloc ( sizeof ( struct obstack ) ) ; obstack_init( connection_pool ) ; request_pool = ( struct obstack *) xmalloc ( sizeof ( struct obstack ) ) ; obstack_init( request_pool ) ; /*
Set the error handling function */ obstack_alloc_failed_handler = &allocation_failed ; /* Server main loop */ while ( 1 ) { wait_for_connection ( ) ; /*
We are in a connection */ while ( more_requests_available ( ) ) { /* Handle request */ handle_request ( ) ; /*
Free all of the memory allocated * in the request pool */ obstack_free(request_pool , NULL ) ; } /*
We 're finished with the connection , time * to free that pool */ obstack_free(connection_pool , NULL ) ; } } int handle_request ( ) { /*
Be sure that all object allocations are allocated * from the request pool */ int bytes_i_need = 400 ; void * data1 = obstack_alloc( request_pool , bytes_i_need ) ; /*
Do stuff to process the request */ /* return */ return 0 ; } Show more
Show more icon
Basically , after each major stage of operation , the obstack for that stage is freed .
Note , however , that if a procedure needs to allocate memory that will last longer than the current stage , it can use a longer - term obstack as well , such as the connection or the global one .
The NULL that is passed to obstack_free ( ) indicates that it should free the entire contents of the obstack .
Other values are available , but they usually are not as useful .
Benefits of using pooled memory allocation include the following :
It is simple to manage memory for the application .
Memory allocation and deallocation is much faster , because it is all done a pool at a time .
Allocation can be done in O ( 1 ) time , and pool release is close ( it ’s actually O( n ) time , but divided by a huge factor that makes it O ( 1 ) in most cases ) .
Error -handling pools can be preallocated so that your program can still recover if regular memory is exhausted .
There are standard implementations that are very easy to use .
The drawbacks for pooled memory are :
Memory pools are only useful for programs that operate in stages .
Memory pools often do not work well with third - party libraries .
If program structure changes , the pools may have to be modified , which may lead to a redesign of the memory management system .
You must remember which pool you need to allocate from .
In addition , if you get this wrong , it can be hard to catch .
Garbage collection
Garbage collection is the fully automatic detection and removal of data objects that are no longer in use .
Garbage collectors are usually run when the available memory drops below a specific threshold .
Generally , they start off with a “ base ” set of data that is known to be available to the program — stack data , global variables , and registers .
They then try to trace through every piece of data linked through those .
Everything the collector finds is good data ; everything that it does n’t find is garbage and can be destroyed and reused .
To manage memory effectively , many types of garbage collectors require knowledge of the layout of pointers within data structures , and therefore have to be a part of the language itself to function properly .
Types of collectors
Copying :
These divide memory storage into two parts and allow data to live only on one side .
Periodically , they start copying data from one side to the other starting with “ base ” elements .
The newly occupied section of memory now becomes active , and everything on the other side is considered garbage .
Also , when this copying occurs , all of the pointers have to be updated to point to the new location of each memory item .
Therefore , to use this method of garbage collection , the collector must be integrated with the programming language .
These divide memory storage into two parts and allow data to live only on one side .
Periodically , they start copying data from one side to the other starting with “ base ” elements .
The newly occupied section of memory now becomes active , and everything on the other side is considered garbage .
Also , when this copying occurs , all of the pointers have to be updated to point to the new location of each memory item .
Therefore , to use this method of garbage collection , the collector must be integrated with the programming language .
Mark and sweep : Each piece of data is marked with a tag .
Occasionally , all tags are set to 0 , and the collector walks through the data starting with “ base ” elements .
As it encounters memory , it marks the tag as 1 .
Everything not tagged 1 at the end is considered garbage and reused for later allocations .
Each piece of data is marked with a tag .
Occasionally , all tags are set to 0 , and the collector walks through the data starting with “ base ” elements .
As it encounters memory , it marks the tag as 1 .
Everything not tagged 1 at the end is considered garbage and reused for later allocations .
Incremental : Incremental garbage collectors do not require a full run through all data objects .
Running through all of memory causes problems because of the all - at - once wait during the collection period and because of the cache problems associated with accessing all current data ( everything has to be paged - in ) .
Incremental collectors avoid these problems .
Incremental garbage collectors do not require a full run through all data objects .
Running through all of memory causes problems because of the all - at - once wait during the collection period and because of the cache problems associated with accessing all current data ( everything has to be paged - in ) .
Incremental collectors avoid these problems .
Conservative : Conservative garbage collectors do not need to know anything about the structure of your data to manage memory .
They simply look at all data bytes and assume they could all be pointers .
So , if a sequence of bytes could be a pointer to a piece of allocated memory , it marks it as being referenced .
This sometimes leads to problems where memory that is n’t referenced is collected if , for example , an integer field contained a value that was the address of allocated memory .
However , this is a fairly rare occurrence , and it only wastes a little memory .
Conservative collectors have the advantage that they can be integrated with any programming language .
Hans Boehm ’s conservative garbage collector is one of the most popular garbage collectors available , because it ’s free and it ’s both conservative and incremental .
You can use it as a drop - in replacement for your system allocator ( using malloc / free instead of its own API ) by building it with -- enable - redirect - malloc .
In fact , if you do this , you can use the same LD_PRELOAD trick that we used for our simple allocator to enable garbage collection in almost any program on your system .
If you suspect a program is leaking memory , you can use this garbage collector to keep the process size down .
Many people used this technique in the early days of Mozilla when it leaked memory heavily .
This garbage collector runs under both Windows ® and UNIX .
Some advantages of garbage collection :
You never have to worry about double - freeing memory or object lifetimes .
You can , with some collectors , use the same API that you used for normal allocation .
The drawbacks include :
With most collectors , you have no say when your memory is going to be freed .
In many cases , garbage collection is slower than other forms of memory management .
Bugs caused by garbage collection errors are hard to debug .
You can still have memory leaks if you forget to set unused pointers to null .
Conclusion
It ’s a world of tradeoffs : performance , ease - of - use , ease - of - implementation , and threading capability , just to name a few .
There are numerous patterns of memory management at your disposal to match your project requirements .
Each pattern has a wide range of implementations , each of which has its benefits and drawbacks .
Using the default techniques for your programming environment is fine for many projects , but knowing the available options will help you when your project has special needs .
This table compares the memory management strategies covered in this article .
The Israelis need neither gas chambers nor ovens to kill and incinerate children January 13 , 2009
“ But ye have borne the tabernacle of your Moloch and Chiun your images , the star of your god , which ye made to yourselves . ”
- Amos 5:26
Share this :
Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
In an overlooked YouTube video posted on Friday , a spokesman for Barack Obama said the president - elect is committed to ending the policy that bars openly gay men and women from serving in the U.S. armed forces .
Barack Obama is committed to overturning " do n't ask , do n't tell , " his spokesman , Robert Gibbs , says .
In a response to a question on the Web site Change.gov asking whether Obama would get rid of the " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , Obama spokesman Robert Gibbs said : " You do n't hear politicians give a one - word answer much .
But it 's ' Yes . ' "
Gibbs on Wednesday expanded on his answer , saying , " There are many challenges facing our nation now and the president - elect is focused first and foremost on jump - starting this economy .
" So not everything will get done in the beginning but he 's committed to following through " with ending the policy against being openly gay in the military .
Watch Gibbs ' answer on " do n't ask , do n't tell " »
The policy bans military recruiters or authorities from asking someone about his or her sexual preference , but also prohibits a service member from revealing if he or she is gay .
During the presidential campaign , Obama said he would work to end the policy , but because it is dictated by federal law , he can not end it unilaterally .
Congress must pass legislation overturning the policy , which was put into place at the beginning of the Clinton administration .
Former President Bill Clinton tried to overturn the " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy when he took office in 1993 , but he was strenuously opposed by the military leadership .
In the last Congress , a bill was introduced in the House by Rep. Martin Meehan , D - Massachusetts , that would have implemented " a policy of nondiscrimination on the basis of sexual orientation . "
The bill had 149 co-sponsors , but it never came up for a full vote in the House .
It has yet to be re-introduced in the new Congress , which began last week .
" The key here is to get bills that pass the House and the Senate , that we can get to President - elect Obama to sign , and I think that we can do that , certainly , the first year of the administration , " one of the co-sponsors , Democratic Rep. Ellen Tauscher of California , told CNN in November .
Public opinion appears to be shifting on the matter .
A CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll conducted December 19 - 21 found that 81 percent of respondents believe openly gay people should be allowed to serve in the U.S. military , while 17 percent said they should n't .
The poll 's margin of error was plus - or - minus 3 percentage points .
iReport.com : ' Gays in the military ?
No thanks '
The chairman of the joint chiefs of staff at the time , retired Gen. Colin Powell , also believes it is time to reevaluate the policy -- although he has not said he favors its reversal .
" It 's been 15 years and attitudes have changed , " Powell told CNN in December .
" And , so , I think it is time for the Congress , since it is their law , to have a full review of it .
And I 'm quite sure that 's what President - elect Obama will want to do . "
CNN 's John Roberts and Scott J. Anderson contributed to this report .
All About U.S. Armed Forces • Ellen Tauscher
Is humanity a spacefaring race ?
This artist 's concept depicts a lunar mining facility , just a few kilometers from the Apollo 17 Taurus Littrow landing site , that harvests oxygen from the resource - rich volcanic soil of the eastern Mare Serenitatis .
We ? redestined to go to the stars .
That ?s the assumption we ?ve been making for acentury , and I daresay most readers believe this as surely as they believewe ?ll eventually cure dandruff .
Our anticipationof an interstellar destiny is not merely the consequence of too manycouch - hours spent watching Spandex - suited astronauts in StarTrek , Star Wars , or Futurama .
It ?s been a subtext of ourspace program .
You might recall a low - grade , 1960 biopic about Wernher von Braunentitled I Aim at the Stars .
Or perhaps you know the sunny motto of the National Space Society : ?ad astra ? ( ? to the stars ? ) .
Boldly sending our descendantsinto the galaxy ?s stellar realms seems as inevitable as teen sex .
I like theidea of becominga spacefaring society .
It ?s just a matter of how far we ?ll fare .
Yes , we ?
llcolonize our cosmic backyard ; after all , if our species has not spread beyondEarth within a century , then we ?re headed for eternal internal conflict and armageddon@home .
In the words of rocket pioneer Konstantin Tsiolkovsky , humans can ?t stay in thecradle forever .
I trustwe?ll soon be landing people on Mars , and eventually the satellites of theouter planets .
I anticipate the construction of space habitats on the moon , theasteroids , and in orbit around Earth .
But colonizing the vicinities of other stars is enormously harder than settling the solarsystem .
Our fastest rockets can take us to Neptune in less than a decade - along ride , but not inconceivable .?
On the other hand , a tripto the closest star system , Alpha Centauri , would take 75,000 years .
Since ourlifetimes are typically a century or less , practical travel to the starsrequires relativistic velocities .
Sending a 100 - ton habitat , stuffed with asmall crew , to Alpha Centauri at a speed that will deliver them before they turnup their toes requires as much energy as the United States consumes in a year .
Atstandard utility rates , that will cost you about $ 3 trillion , just for the fuel .
Now this isa familiar discourse , and the usual rejoinder is to appeal to the inevitabledevelopment of faster rockets .
We ?ll still go to the stars ; we just need bettertransport .
But permitme to point out something both relevant and important : our remote sensingtechnology is improving much faster than our rocket technology .
And that is agame - changing circumstance .
Let ?s lookat some numbers .
Von Braun ?s V - 2 rockets crossed the English Channel at 1 mileper second .
NASA ?s New Horizons mission to Pluto - the fastestspacecraft ever launched - is headed to this erstwhile planet at 10 milesper second .
That ?s an order - of - magnitude improvement after 70 years .
Nowconsider one component of our remote sensing capabilities - our ability to ? see ?
what we ?re exploring .
The Mariner 4 spacecraft - the first to snap decentphotos of Mars - was fitted with a monochrome TV camera having a resolution of40 thousand pixels .
In the summer of 1965 , it sailed by the red planet whileimaging craters as small as a few miles across .
Today , the HiRISE camera on NASA ?
sMars Reconnaissance Orbiter boasts a resolution of 200 million pixels ( and shootsin color ) .
It can discern items on the surface as small as a horse .?
In otherwords , in seven decades our rockets sped up by a factor of ten , but in littlemore than half that time our cameras improved by a factor of five thousand .
There ?s no comparison : probe technology is marching to the beat of a fasterdrummer .
Probes havealways offered the advantage of lower cost and minimal risk .
For interstellartravel , their smaller size makes them especially practical .
For the same energybill , you could propel a one - ton reconnaissance craft to another star inone - tenth the time of sending even a small clutch of humans .?
Now youmight argue that human exploration is qualitatively different than sending mechanicalproxies .
We humans want to experience the frontier , not just watch itcome up on our computer screen .
We want to smell it , feel it , and look around .
OK , butwhat if we could send back all those sensations with a fidelity as good asbeing there ??
That ?s becoming more and more practical .
The bandwidth of asingle human eye , recently measured at the University of Pennsylvania medicalschool , is roughly 2 megabytes per second .?
The bandwidth of your ears is muchsmaller - no more than a few hundred kilobytes per second .?
Your fingertips andother parts of your anatomy require even less of a data pipe .
In otherwords , we could send back everything a human could sense with atelemetry channel of , say , 10 megabytes per second .
This is roughly the datarate you ?ll soon be getting off a blue - ray disk .?
It ?s not trivial to send dataat this rate from star to star , but it ?s a lot easier than sending ourselves .
Thetechnology that can propel us virtually into deep space is quicklyoutstripping the technology that can propel our protoplasm there .
So while weenvision our 23rd century descendants cruising the Milky Way insearch of other beings or fresh real estate , my guess is that we ?ll send smallrobots instead - extensions to our neurons that can be both cheap andexpendable .?
To spreadour descendants among the nearby worlds of our solar system is more than ourdestiny : it ?s an imperative for our future .
But galactic exploration will bedifferent : that ?s something we ?ll do from the comfort of our own homes .
And wewon?t need the Spandex .
Accepting the End of the US Empire Editor ’s Note : While President Barack Obama searches for a path out of the Bush administration ’s economic catastrophe , another painful reality is drawing less attention : America ’s imperial over - extension and the unsustainable financial burden it has placed on U.S. taxpayers .
In this guest essay , the Independent Institute ’s Ivan Eland warns that America ’s economic mess is part of the price being paid for the hubris of America ’s imperial elite , which -- like similar elites in other fading imperial powers – wo n’t accept that a global empire has its limits :
When you stop to think about it , people measure how well their lives are going not by their absolute state of being but by their situation relative to their expectations .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly
For example , a poor person in a developing country may be ecstatic about getting a pair of shoes for the first time ; in contrast , a billionaire may commit suicide after he loses $ 100 million in a down market .
The same is true for nations .
The American elite has enjoyed the United States ’ dominant status in the world since World War II and became thoroughly drunk with U.S. superiority in the last two decades after the demise of the Soviet Union left the country as the only superpower .
This elite is resistant to accepting the reality that a multi- polar world will soon be at hand .
This reality will arrive much sooner if the U.S. does not retract its informal overseas empire , reduce the bloated defense budget , and act with more humility overseas .
Even before the U.S. - led global financial meltdown , the far - flung U.S. empire of overseas military bases , U.S. - dominated alliances , and profligate military meddling in other nations ’ affairs was terribly overextended .
The U.S. accounted for 20 percent of the world ’s GDP but 43 percent of its defense spending .
Yet like the elites of the British and French Empires , which became exhausted by being on the winning side of two world wars , the U.S. elite refuses to realize that the country needs to retract its cost - ineffective empire if it wants to avoid demise as a great power .
After being occupied by the Nazis through much of World War II , the French ignored their post - war financial precariousness and tried to rekindle their imperial glory by retaking Indochina .
When the spent French were not up to the task in the mid-1950s , Harry Truman and his successors made the foolish commitments for the United States to finance them , assist them , and later take over for them .
Reluctant even then to give up their colonial mindset , the French then tried and failed to militarily suppress Algerian independence in the 1950s and 1960s .
Similarly , the British attempted to keep their Middle East dominance long after the sun had set on the British Empire .
Even after their ill - fated invasion of Egypt in 1956 — with the help of Israel and the irrepressible France — the British did n’t pull back from the Middle East until the early 1970s .
Currently , the United States has its finger in the dike in two pointless nation - building quagmires in Iraq and Afghanistan , while Osama bin Laden is most likely in Pakistan and the U.S. is being severely debilitated by an economic meltdown at home .
Of course , Barack Obama was not responsible for any of this mess but may become captive of the interventionist U.S. elite in trying to deal with these calamities .
Economically , the Bush / Obama period ominously resembles the Hoover / FDR period , when a common recession was converted into a Great Depression by interventionist government policies that refused to let natural market mechanisms bring the country out of the economic slump .
Let ’s hope the current economic calamity does n’t get this bad ; but that we can no longer afford to maintain an extensive overseas empire has n’t yet seemed to sink into the minds of the U.S. elite .
Another historical parallel is the Vietnam period , when Lyndon Johnson tried to run a guns- and - butter policy — funding the Vietnam War and expanding the government ’s reach domestically by funding Great Society programs .
Now , the Bush / Obama governments are trying to fund two wars while also spending at least $ 1.5 trillion to trick American consumers into thinking the government can save them from an inevitable recession — all the while making that downturn worse .
On top of that , the bulge of baby boomers will soon begin retiring , thus putting pressure on collapsing Social Security and Medicare systems .
During Vietnam and the Great Society , LBJ honestly — if irresponsibly — funded the ballooning government with a 10 - percent surtax on corporate and income taxes .
No such honesty has come from the Bush administration , as it cut taxes while raising federal spending dramatically .
Now that an economic meltdown has occurred , Obama is understandably reluctant to increase taxes — and has proposed lowering them further — while continuing Bush ’s spending spree to try to fool the country out of its economic collapse .
So we are staring trillion - dollar budget deficits in the face .
The federal budget is $ 3.1 trillion dollars a year but two - thirds of that is on autopilot — that is , guaranteed payments to people regardless of economic conditions under Social Security , Medicare , Medicaid , Food Stamps , and unemployment compensation or interest payments on the already staggering national debt .
Of the $ 1.1 trillion that can be more easily altered ( discretionary spending ) , more than half of that is the monstrous defense budget .
Thus , defense spending should and will eventually become a big target for Obama ’s promised future fiscal restraint .
Obama has good instincts on withdrawing from Iraq but is slowly being co-opted by the foreign policy elites and military bureaucracy .
His instincts on Afghanistan are likely to be “ unhelpful . ”
He wants to double down on a nation - building conflict that is stoking Islamist fundamentalism and will be much harder to “ win ” than Iraq ( although the U.S. has n’t won Iraq by a long shot ) .
Obama needs to wise up , totally withdraw from both Iraq and Afghanistan , focus on finding bin Laden in Pakistan , withdraw from the U.S. Empire , and dramatically slash the U.S. defense budget .
The U.S needs to take this revolutionary tack as one step toward renewing what is still the world ’s largest economy — that on which all indices of U.S. national power ultimately depend .
The U.S. can still be an economic superpower and have much influence in the world , but the days of being a globe - girdling military power are over .
The U.S. foreign policy elite just has n’t accepted it yet .
Ivan Eland is Director of the Center on Peace & Liberty at The Independent Institute .
Dr. Eland has spent 15 years working for Congress on national security issues , including stints as an investigator for the House Foreign Affairs Committee and Principal Defense Analyst at the Congressional Budget Office .
His books include The Empire Has No Clothes : U.S. Foreign Policy Exposed , and Putting “ Defense ” Back into U.S. Defense Policy .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Carolina 9/11
Truth
December 19 , 2008
Following a recent press conference , SC Governor Mark Sanford was recently questioned about attending the Bilderberg Meeting in June 2008 , and what he thought of the media blackout .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Just a gorgeous set of pictures of one of our favorite Victoria Secret models , Adriana Lima .
Behind the scenes action at Victoria Secret 's “ Holiday Wish Book ” photoshoot .
Personally this 27 year old Brazilian beauty does n't really light my fire but ain't no denying that she looks smokin in these set of pictures .
Happy Holidays !
Source : the phun
Related :
Brava !
Adriana Lima in VS Perfume Ad .
Adriana Lima in Brazil Vogue
It 's Here !
It 's Here !
It 's Finally ..
As Governor , Sarah Palin has successfully maintained Alaska ’s energy independence , but at the same time , she has essentially ignored the mainland ’s energy concerns .
Time Magazine reports that as Governor , Palin supported the direct export of enough clean natural gas to supply 1.4 million Americans for two years.[ social_buttons ]
In early 2007 , an Alaskan liquefied natural gas plant owned by Marathon Oil and ConocoPhillips requested Department of Energy permission to export some of the fuel .
Palin entered the discussion in April , but only to ensure that Alaska ’s natural gas needs would be included in the deal .
>> More on energy independence at RG&B
An agreement was reached in January this year , and never once did Palin suggest that the natural gas should instead be used in the lower 48 states .
Instead , 100 billion cubic feet of liquefied natural gas will be exported from Alaska ’s Cook Inlet to Japan and other Asian countries , where the fuel sells for double what it does in America .
But this is business as usual for Alaskan natural gas : the West Coast did not have a facility to store liquefied natural gas until May 2007 when a nearly - $ 1 billion plant was completed along the Baja coast of Mexico .
The plant is connected to the CNG pipelines that run throughout the western United States .
The project was well - known and anticipated by the energy industry , but Palin — “ one of the foremost experts in this nation on energy issues ” — never considered the plant as a possible destination for Alaska ’s gas .
The idea that Palin is an energy expert was laughable already , but this decision showed a brash disregard for American energy independence , a cause which she champions nearly every day on the campaign trail .
Photo Credit : Bobster1985 on Flickr under Creative Commons license .
Posted by muslimahmediawatch on 10 Feb 2009 / 0 Comment
Various news organizations have reported that a CIA officer stationed in Algeria , identified by CBS News as Andrew Warren , has been accused of drugging and raping two Algerian women .
The women , according to CBS , came forward separately and “ reported the incidents months after they occurred . ”
This from ABC News :
The CIA ’s station chief at its sensitive post in Algeria is under investigation by the U.S. Justice Department for allegedly raping at least two Muslim women who claim he laced their drinks with a knock - out drug , U.S. law enforcement sources tell ABC News .
Of the incident ABC also reports :
The alleged victim said she remembers being in Warren ’s bed and asking him to stop , but that “ Warren made a statement to the effect of ‘ nobody stays in my expensive sheets with clothes on . ' ”
She told investigators “ as she slipped in and out of consciousness she had conscious images of Warren penetrating her vagina repeatedly with his penis . ”
The second victim told investigators she sent Warren a text message accusing him of abusing her and he replied , “ I am sorry , ” the affidavit says .
According to the affidavit , when Warren was interviewed by Diplomatic Security investigators , he claimed he had “ engaged in consensual sexual intercourse ” and admitted there were photographs of the two women on his personal laptop .
He would not consent to a search or seizure of the computer , leading investigators to seek the warrant .
According to the affidavit , a search of Warren ’s residence in Algiers turned up Valium and Xanax and a handbook on the investigation of sexual assaults .
The affidavit says toxicologists at the FBI laboratory say Xanax and Valium are among the drugs “ commonly used to facilitate sexual assault . ”
But these women may not be the only victims .
Investigators found video tapes of the rapes , or videos in which “ Warren engaged in sexual acts ” and among them they found videos from Cairo .
Warren has since been recalled to the U.S .
A few reports have also mentioned how Warren is a convert to Islam .
This may be in an attempt to ease the blow .
As it is , the incident has very colonial undertones to it , hinting to the days when colonizing men viewed the women they were colonizing as bodies to which they had access .
( Though I could easily argue that is occurring today as well in other parts of the world ) .
Even though Warren is not a white American , which would have added the extra dimension of white superiority of the American imperial colonizer , the power an American CIA agent has in many parts of the world can easily be abused to demonstrate patriarchal power and exploitation .
Telling us that he is a convert to Islam may make him seem less colonizing and more “ one of them ” , allowing American media to distance America from him .
It ’s as if they are saying “ He ’s not one of us .
He ’s really one of your own .
This can not be a demonstration of our imperialism when it was one of your own ( sort ) who did this . ”
The response from the CIA regarding the rapes is as expected .
Their main concerns are what this means for security :
“ From a national security standpoint , ” said Baer , the alleged rapes would be “ not only wrong but could open him up to potential blackmail and that ’s something the CIA should have picked up on , ” said Baer .
“ This is indicative of personnel problems of all sorts that run through the agency , ” he said .
and what it means for relations with the Muslim world :
This will be seen as the typical ugly American , ” said former CIA officer Bob Baer , reacting to the ABC News report .
( ABC News )
“ It has the potential to be quite explosive if it ’s not handled well by the United States government , ” said Isobel Coleman , a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations who specializes in women ’s issues in the Middle East .
( ABC News )
News agencies themselves are speculating what this could mean for relations with the Muslim world :
The alleged assaults , if confirmed , are viewed as particularly serious because they could potentially damage diplomatic relations with Algeria , a U.S. ally , and undermine U.S. efforts to improve its image in the Muslim world , former diplomats and foreign policy experts said .
( Houston Chronicle )
The case could be particularly delicate in Algeria , a Muslim country where the United States is working with local officials to combat militants .
( The New York Times )
Both the women who came forward to complain and made sworn statements are Muslim , and the case could spark a strong reaction in the Arab world .
( The Telegraph )
The impact on the women who were raped , or allegedly raped as the reports point out , do not seem to appear on their radar , with the exception of this quote from ABC News :
“ Rape is ugly in any context , ” said Coleman , who praised the bravery of the alleged Algerian victims in going to authorities .
“ Rape is viewed as very shameful to women , and I think this is an opportunity for the U.S. to show how seriously it takes the issue of rape , ” she said .
Although their story may come out in the future , at this moment we are not provided with their voice , except through the affidavit .
The majority of the news reports focus on the CIA and Warren himself .
However , often when the women are mentioned it is highlighted that they are Muslim women .
Often that is the only descriptor provided .
In these situations , they are not referred to as Algerian women , but rather Muslim women .
From a political standpoint this may be stated to emphasize , perhaps , the sensitivity of the issue .
At a time when American president Barack Obama is trying to mend ties with parts of the Muslim world and has promised to respect the Muslim world , such offenses in a Muslim country will seem to have graver implications than if the context were different .
Mentioning that these women were Muslim seems to be a tactic to dramatize perhaps the situation .
The Muslim identity of these women has become a part of the political game playing .
And within the context of this political game , mentioning Warren ’s own Muslim identity becomes another move to soften the political blow and buffer a possible backlash .
The CIA is probably thanking the heavens Warren is a Muslim , too .
However , this is all tragic nontheless .
Rape , regardless of the religion of the victim or perpretrator ( and their relation to each other ) , is a dispicable act of aggression and control .
When a man rapes a woman he is trying to exert his power over her .
Place that on an international platform and the implications of exertion of power and control take on a whole new meaning .
The CIA and American media may be right to worry about how this will impact their image .
Mr. and Mrs. Boring have lost their quixotic legal battle against Google 's Orwellian attempt to spy on the entire planet .
Last April , Aaron and Christine Boring sued the ad broker for invasion of privacy after a Google spycar drove down their private driveway , snapped 360 - degree , pan -and - zoomable photos of their home and swimming pool , and tossed them onto the interwebs .
With their suit , the Borings said the web giant 's Street View operation had " caused them mental suffering and diminished the value of their property . "
But on Tuesday , a US District Court judge summarily dismissed the case , rejecting six separate claims from the now famous Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania couple .
Most notably , the Borings ' suit claimed Intrusion in Seclusion .
But in the end , the judge realized that the suit itself did far more to intrude their seclusion than Google 's cameras .
Rather than embrace the Streisand Effect , the court said , the couple could have simply asked Google to remove their house and swimming pool from the net .
" To reinforce the point that perhaps the plaintiffs did n't experience much harm , the court points out that the plaintiffs did n't take advantage of Google 's opt - out procedure , plus they drew public attention to themselves by suing and by not redacting or suppressing their contact info in the court filings , " says tech law blogger and Santa Clara University prof Eric Goldman .
" Plaintiffs bringing intrusion into seclusion lawsuits unavoidably thrust themselves into the public eye , whether they want to do so or not .
This is especially true for anyone suing Google . "
Famously , in fighting the Borings ' suit , Google told the world that " even in today 's desert , complete privacy does not exist . "
This is true .
And Google is doing its best to ensure that your privacy is eroded even further .
But that does n't mean the Borings ever had a case .
We salute their ideology .
But not their methods . ®
British comedy writer Ariane Sherine wanted to raise $ 8,000 to put an atheist billboard on a few London buses , as a “ corrective ” to religious ads , said Sarah Lyall in The New York Times .
“ But something seized people ’s imagination , ” and she raised more than $ 200,000 , with atheist writer Richard Dawkins and the British Humanist Society .
Now 800 buses across Britain sport the message : “ There ’s probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy your life . ”
Thank goodness for that , said biologist Paul Myers in Pharyngula .
The “ godless signs ” are a real solace to the silent masses of rationalists who are “ appalled at the blind faith of their neighbors ” but “ reluctant to speak up ” because they think they ’re alone .
“ Atheists are by definition free - thinkers who do n’t follow the crowd , ” said James Randerson in Britain ’s The Guardian , but it does feel great “ speaking with a single voice . ”
That ’s one reason people gave so much .
The other is the “ charming ” Sherine , who has been “ the antithesis of the shrill , dogmatic , and shouty atheist that is so beloved of religious caricaturists . ”
She “ totally wussed out by tossing ‘ probably ’ in the slogan , ” though , said Allahpundit in Hot Air .
And if these “ dopey ads ” hoped to get a rise from religious groups , early indications are that they failed .
Some Christian churches even welcome the ads , because they might encourage people to think about life 's big questions .
So it ’s hard to say if this is a “ bigger waste of time and mental energy , ” or just money .
The BBC's Gaelic - language channel , BBC Alba , has seen its audience drop by a third since launch , with further drops expected as Scottish politicians desperately try to be seen doing something about the death of Gaelic .
The channel started four months ago , with more than 600,000 viewers , a total that has already dropped to 400,000 .
BBC Scotland told The Times it expects to see figures dropping to around 250,000 , despite the channel showing Scottish Premier League football .
At the time of the 2001 census there were only 58,650 Gaelic speakers in Scotland , which is what prompted the launch of the Freesat and Sky available channel .
That means that hundreds of thousands of viewers are tuning in to see programmes in a language they do n't understand , or perhaps just to watch the football .
Given that between 80 - 100,000
Scots brave the weather each week to watch a game in person , it 's hardly surprising that BBC Alba can drum up twice that number to watch League games on TV , even if the commentary is in Gaelic .
Strangely , the channel wo n't be drawn on what people are watching , just that the target is 250,000 viewers , or 60 quid per viewer .
Gaelic has been on life support for years - drive up to the Highlands and the signposts are in Gaelic and English , but pull off the A9 and the Gaelic disappears along with the tourists .
Schools and playgroups get government funding for promoting Gaelic , and local libraries are well stocked with Gaelic books - all in pristine condition , almost as though no one ever reads them .
English migrants like to see their kids learning Gaelic , while the locals would prefer their children learn something someone else speaks - ideally someone with money .
Popular programmes are broadcast in Gaelic on the primary BBC channels - so even without BBC Alba you do n't have to miss out on badly dubbed Charlie and Lola .
But Scotland has a culture quite strong enough to survive without demanding a different language .
The problem is that it's hard to spend money promoting " culture " when everyone has their own idea what that is .
So the Scottish Parliament , and the BBC , instead spend money promoting a language hardly anyone speaks , while forgetting that anyone who does speak Gaelic is perfectly fluent in English too - for when they 're not talking to the tourists . ®
Evolution alone is an amazing thing – but species that evolve together can be all the more spectacular , protecting , feeding and cleaning one another in incredible ways .
Sharks pair with fish , fish with shrimp and shrimp with sea cucumbers and much much more .
From boxing crabs that wield poisonous anemones as weapons to shrimp that scour the mouths of electric eels , here are seven of the most radical symbiotic relationships from the shallowest to the deepest waters of our world .
The cleaner shrimp seems foolhardy , climbing into the open mouths of sharp - fanged eels to dig around for food .
These photos seem to depict daring shrimp shortly before their demise , but actually show an ancient tradition of cleaning .
Moreover , these shrimp have evolved beyond merely finding eels and fish in order to eat their mouth parasites : they congregate at ‘ cleaning stations ’ in vast numbers .
And yes , if you are looking for an alternative dental hygienist , they will even clean your mouth .
( Images via : Flickr , AZAquaCulture , AquariaWorld , DeeperBlue and Diver )
Boxing , hermit and other crabs have found that they make friends with strange benefits in various species of stinging sea anemones .
Boxing crabs ( above , top ) hold on to anemones and wield them like deadly pom-poms , warding off potential predators with their poisonous pals .
Some hermit crabs ( above , bottom ) lift anemones and attach them to their shells in order to dissuade attackers .
These relationships go both ways : the anemones are able to pick up more food as they move through the water with their shelled allies .
( Images via : Outback Photo , UWPhoto , GuamShellClub and NyTimes )
A happy - looking spotted fish living with a hard - nosed shelled shrimp : it sounds like something from made - for - kids animated movie .
However , the goby and their shrimp buddies are truly contented cohabitants .
They occupy holes together dug by the shrimp and protected by the goby .
The relatively blind shrimp rely on their strong - sighted goby door guards to signal them about when it is safe to move .
The gobies , in turn , rely on the burrowing shrimp to have a safe place to hide and sleep .
( Images via : Wikipedia , GreenWater , Infiltec , DaveJenkins and MMcFCuba )
Sharks seem like the most unlikely allies of the ocean : huge , speedy , vicious and ruthless predators – so why are they so tolerant of remora fish using strange stickers on their heads to attach to attach to the shark ’s underbelly .
This was initially thought to be a case of commensalism – a relationship in which one species benefits and the other gains nothing – but it is now widely thought that the remora not only picks up the scraps after a shark has a meal but also cleans the parasites from its underside .
The anglerfish is one of the most infamously ugly and unbelievable deep - sea swimmer , luring unsuspecting victims into is gaping toothed mouth .
How does it accomplish this feat ?
With the promise of a small glowing prey that is , in fact , millions of glowing bacteria attached to a fishing - pole - like protrusion from its forehead .
Disturbing side note : to mate , a male angler bites a female slowly dies and shrivels to a pair of gonads and is carried around by the female until she is ready to mate with his remains .
( Images via : Sulawesi , Diver , EcoDivers and PhotoNet )
Wait , yet another shrimp ?
The appropriately named emperor shrimp , however , is one that benefits more than its partners from its relationships with them .
While it is not a parasite , its rides gain no real advantage from having a shrimp cruising around on their backs .
These hitchhikers of the sea can be found on top of much larger and faster - moving creatures including nudibranchs and sea cucumbers .
They hang off the sites and pick up scraps from the dirt as their mounts move about the sea floor .
( Images via : PhotoEnvisions , Wikipedia and Flickr )
The clownfish is virtually the only species of fish that seems able to resist the toxic effects of sea anemone poison , moving through them unharmed .
The anemones protect them and they eat the leftovers from fish on the anemone including copepods , isopods and zooplankton .
They also fiercely protect their territory , keeping individual anemones to themselves in small gender - switching self - sufficient groups .
Remember Finding Nemo ?
In real life , Marlin would have turned female after Nemo ’s mother died .
Underground , Underwater and Other Wonders of the World
7 Underground Wonders of the World
7 ( More ! ) Underground Wonders of the World
7 Underwater Wonders of the World
7 Island Wonders of the World
7 Engineering Wonders of the World
7 Urban Wonders of the World
7 Wonders of Modern Green Design and Technology
Abandoned Cities , Buildings and Wonders of the World
7 Abandoned Wonders of Asia
7 Abandoned Wonders of the European Union
7 Abandoned Wonders of America
7 ( More ! ) Abandoned Wonders of America
7 ( Even More ! ) Abandoned Wonders of America
7 Abandoned Wonders of the Former Soviet Union
7 ( More ! ) Abandoned Wonders of the Former Soviet Union
In Howard Schultz ’s 1997 book about developing Starbucks , he wrote , “ Nothing pains me more than hearing critics compare Starbucks to a chain of discount stores or fast - food operations . ”
On Tuesday , the man who set out to improve Americans ’ taste in coffee , unveiled instant coffee bearing the Starbucks brand .
Packages of Via Ready Brew will appear in Starbucks shops in Seattle and Chicago on March 3 , the same day that Starbucks will begin offering breakfast value meals in stores nationwide .
Selling instant coffee and serving value meals might sound more like the purview of an American convenience store and less like that of an Italian espresso bar .
Water - soluble coffee is a gamble , marketing analysts said .
It could lure customers who drink fast - food or grocery store coffee , or it could water down the Starbucks brand .
But Mr. Schultz said he was ready for the critics who say , “ This is desperate , this is a Hail Mary pass , this is off - brand for Starbucks . ”
Leather Creations Furniture has a dozen locations across the US , though you ’ve probably never heard of them before .
I had n’t .
Sure , they ’d received the Customer ’s Choice Award for five years in a row , and even named one of the fastest growing privately - held companies by Entrepreneur Magazine , but they were still just another leather furniture store .
That was until a small ad in an Illinois newspaper changed everything .
Last week this ad made its way onto the internet , where it has been mentioned over in over 350,000 blogs and websites .
Take a look …
When businesses say promotion is hard , I ca n’t help but laugh .
Promotion is easy .
Mimicking your competitors is easy .
Parroting business cliches is easy .
But saying something humorous or unique when every aspect of your marketing is drained through a committee …now that is hard .
Minnesota recount margin within 100 votes : Franken campaign RAW STORY
Published : Friday November 21 , 2008
Print This Email This Republican Norm Coleman 's lead in the Minnesota Senate race has shrunk to just 136 votes as a recount enters its third day Friday , although opponent Al Franken 's campaign says the margin is even slimmer .
The Hill reported Friday : The Franken camp is using a tally from their election observers , which they claim is more accurate than that of Minnesotas secretary of state .
The Franken team has volunteers stationed at every recount location throughout the state .
And they claim those observers have reported the Democratic candidate has made up enough votes to cut Coleman 's lead to fewer than 100 votes .
But Frankens tally included challenged ballots where neutral , local officials ruled on voter intent .
The officials ' determination can be overturned by the states Board of Canvassers , but Frankens campaign said the official determinations are a reliable baseline .
The Minneapolis Star Tribune reports that DFL candidate Al Franken has gained 79 votes since the recount began Tuesday .
Franken 's campaign told reporters their gains were even more substantial and claimed the margin in the race was below 100 votes .
Both campaigns are optimistic about their prospects , and each is challenging several ballots where the voters ' intention is unclear .
Elections officials have recounted about 46 percent of the 2.9 million ballots cast , and with such a slim margin separating the two candidates , it could be disputed ballots that decide the outcome .
As of Thursday , both campaigns had challenged 734 ballots , according to Minnesota Public Radio .
It will be up to a five - member canvassing board to decide whether a voter 's intent can be determined on the disputed ballots .
A board member estimates there may be more than 1,500 ballots in dispute by the time the recount is over .
Conservatives are attempting to sow doubt about the validity of the recount itself , perhaps worrying that Coleman might lose .
Franken 's campaign lawyer rebutted charges of irregularity in a letter to the Wall Street Journal Friday .
If Franken emerges victorious , Democrats will control 59 seats in the US Senate .
Another senate race , in Georgia , will be decided by a re-vote next month .
If Democrat Jim Martin wins there , the party will have enough votes to overcome GOP filibusters .
An example of what an instant runoff ballot might look like .
Voters rank the candidates in order of preference .
If no candidate receives a majority of ' first choice ' votes , the one receiving the fewest of those votes is eliminated .
That candidate 's votes are then redistributed to the others according to the voter 's preferences .
MPR Graphic / Steve Mullis
The city of Minneapolis has cleared a major hurdle on its way to using instant runoff voting for city elections this fall .
A Hennepin County judge has rejected a lawsuit seeking to halt the process .
The ruling comes in the midst of a lengthy recount and court case involving the U.S. Senate race between Republican Norm Coleman and Democrat Al Franken , who holds a 225 - vote lead .
Backers of IRV , which eliminates primary elections and allows voters to rank candidates for office in order of preference , have said the recount may have been avoided under their system of voting .
In 2006 , Minneapolis voters approved the use of IRV by a nearly 2 - to - 1 margin , 65 percent to 35 percent .
The Minnesota Voter 's Alliance sued in an attempt to halt IRV from being used in Minneapolis elections , arguing that it's an impractical system that attracts large fields of candidates , which in turn makes it harder for third party candidates to get recognition .
In his ruling , Hennepin County District Judge McGunnigle wrote , " The City of Minneapolis has an important interest in respecting the democratic process , and the citizens of Minneapolis democratically voted for IRV by referendum . "
McGunnigle added that the plaintiffs " have failed to demonstrate that IRV is either unconstitutional or contrary to public policy . "
With IRV , voters rank all choices by preference on a single ballot .
If no candidate gets a majority of votes , the candidate with the least amount of votes is eliminated and those voters ' second - choice votes are redistributed to the remaining field .
The process is repeated until one candidate gets more than 50 percent of the vote .
FairVote Minnesota , an advocacy group that supports IRV , is working to bring IRV voting to St. Paul and Duluth as well .
Jeanne Massey , the group 's executive director , says she 'd like to see instant runoff voting someday in state elections .
" There is now great awareness about the need for runoff elections in our state contests that are highly competitive , because we have a strong third party presence in the Independence Party , and we no longer have majority winners in our high - stake elections , " said Massey .
The Minnesota Voters Alliance said this afternoon will appeal the decision .
Alliance member Andy Cilek says the system which allows voters to rank their choices for elected office violates a one - person , one - vote guarantee .
Cilek says the precedent was established by the State Supreme Court in 1915 .
" The court also said that the Constitution , by implication , forbids casting more than a single expression of opinion or choice .
Not three votes , " said Cilek .
Cilek said his organization will seeki an expedited review of the case before the State Supreme Court .
In this article I discuss techniques for migrating source code repositories from darcs to git .
I describe two approaches that failed for me , and introduce a new tool that I was able to use successfully with my own projects , and that can be used to create git mirrors of active darcs repositories .
Background
I ’ve been a big fan of darcs for over two years , and have used it exclusively for my personal projects .
However , in recent times I have been increasingly drawn in by the community and toolset that is growing around git , and I ’ve naturally wanted to migrate some of my darcs repositories to git .
darcs2git
The first tool I tried , darcs2git , uses a low - level git component called git - fast - import to efficiently slurp data into git , but when I tried to use it with the latest git at the time of writing , git - fast - import choked on the binary data passed to it by darcs2 git .
Game over .
Tailor
Tailor , the Swiss Army Knife of inter-VCS synchronisation , has helped me several times in the past to migrate 80 % of one VCS ’ contents into a new VCS - du - jour , ultimately leading me to abandon it or file bug reports .
Your mileage might vary , depending on the source and target VCSes you try it with .
The key to tailor ’s versatility is also its Achilles heel - it has a standardised notion of a changeset , into which intermediate form every source changeset is transformed .
This notional changeset can contain renames of files and directories , additions , deletions of files , and suchlike .
When I tried to use tailor to convert my darcs repos to git , it became stuck on certain changesets , apparently due to it misunderstanding some of the move / rename cases in the source darcs changesets , and therefore being unable to replay them into the working copy it uses for migration .
A new approach
I decided to write my own naïve conversion script , which would initialize a dual darcs / git repository in a working directory set aside for migration , then gradually pull changes from a source darcs repo and record each changeset wholesale into the git repository .
Using tricks from darcs2git , tailor and git - svn , I was able to do this pretty easily , and my script even supports incremental importing from an active darcs repository , which would allow it to be used for maintaining public git mirrors of darcs repositories .
Unoriginally dubbed darcs - to - git , and written in ruby , the code can be found ( and tracked ) here :
https://github.com/purcell/darcs-to-git
darcs - to - git inserts tags into the comments of the git commits it produces , containing the globally unique darcs patch ID from which the commit originated .
Having seen this technique used by the excellent git-svn , this seemed the neatest approach for making incremental migration of new darcs patches possible .
Branches , and multiple source darcs repositories
darcs - to - git can only import changesets from a single darcs repository , which essentially means there is no support for importing the implicit branching that results from darcs ’ “ cherry - picking ” nature .
It should be possible to add such support , however .
Each darcs repository is essentially a unique branch , consisting of a dependency - ordered bag of changesets that individually may or may not appear in other darcs repositories .
By comparing the patch list of two darcs repositories starting with their earliest ( common ) revision , it should be possible to determine the points at which to create git branches , and use git - merge and / or git - cherry - pick to propagate later common patches between branches .
Patches to darcs - to - git for this or any other worthwhile purpose are welcome .
Further reading
They say that if the train moves with the speed of light and you then start moving in the train you ca n’t move because it means you would start moving faster than speed of light and that contradicts with modern science beliefs , but nobody actually tried to do this .
Well , here the Moscow subway train that is not moving with the speed of light yet , so they could do some nasty tricks like this one – the flight on the fire extinguisher inside of the moving train car full of people .
Obviously it ’s some kind of attempt to attract attention to the site mentioned in the end of the video but the method they use is like not usual .
And another video about movement , this time about the flight on Porsche Cayenne .
UCLA sophomore Ying Chen could have stayed at home in New Jersey for college , but instead she traveled cross-country , where she willingly pays about $ 20,000 a year more for her education than most of her classmates .
Some UC officials think that increasing the number of students like Chen would be a smart way for the university system to bring in more revenue at a time when the state budget is tight .
They point to other state university systems that enroll much higher percentages of out - of - state students .
Opponents of the idea warn that it could squeeze out qualified California students .
“ When we start chasing that money as a substitute for state money , that ’s bad public policy , ” said Lt. Gov. John Garamendi , a regent by virtue of his office who is also exploring a run for governor .
Advertisement
Chen , an anthropology major , said she could have attended Rutgers University , a New Jersey state university , for much less money but was drawn west by UCLA ’s beautiful campus and the chance to explore a faraway state even if she can’t afford Thanksgiving trips home .
“ Of course , it would be lovely ” if she did n’t have to pay the price differential UC charges out - of - state students .
Still , choosing UCLA , she said , “ was a good decision . ”
At UC campuses , in - state freshmen pay about $ 8,100 in fees , not including room , board or books .
Because California does not provide funding for out - of - state students , about half of the extra $ 20,000 they pay each year covers UC ’s costs and the other half is profit for the system , officials said .
David Shulenburger , vice president for academic affairs at the National Assn. of State Universities and Land Grant Colleges in Washington , D.C. , said he expects more public universities across the country “ as a matter of survivability ” to at least consider additional recruiting outside their states .
The premium tuition for out - of - state students helps schools afford basic functions and subsidize in - state students ’ fees , he said .
About 10 % of UC ’s 220,000 students , including those in undergraduate and graduate programs , are from outside California .
But only about 6 % of the undergraduates are non-Californians .
Advertisement
By contrast , about 16 % of first - time undergraduates at public four - year colleges and universities nationwide are from other states or other countries , according to the U.S. Department of Education .
Prestigious state universities in Colorado , Michigan , Virginia and elsewhere regularly enroll more than 30 % of their freshmen classes from outside their state borders .
UC regent Judith Hopkinson recently urged the university ’s governing board to consider increasing the numbers of out - of - state students for the financial and social benefits that she said are provided by a more geographically diverse student body .
Hopkinson , in an interview , suggested that having more than 15 % to 20 % of undergraduates from outside California might be a long - range goal to cushion some of the projected cuts in state funding .
“ We ought to look at it , ” she said .
“ Because I believe it is in the financial benefit of the university in the long run , I like to keep an open eye to all options . ”
Advertisement
Out - of - state students generally are held to higher admissions standards , which can boost a campus ’ average GPA and SAT scores and national rankings .
Non-Californians from the U.S. are eligible for many financial aid programs at UC although they face higher thresholds .
Proposed steep cuts in state funds this school year and next have prompted UC to consider limiting overall enrollment next fall .
If that happens , said Patrick Callan , president of the National Center for Public Policy and Higher Education in San Jose , any move to boost the number of out - of - state students at UC “ would be politically suicidal .
Can you imagine the Legislature standing for that ? ”
Some Midwestern and Northeastern states are experiencing significant declines in their college - age population and may be able to accommodate more students from out of state , but that is not so in California , he said .
Advertisement
Callan added that describing the issue as a diversity effort falls flat in immigrant - rich California “ since we already have people from all over the world here . ”
According to UC system spokesman Ricardo Vazquez , UC has no set quotas and no regulation regarding the percentages of in - state and out - of - state enrollees .
But in recent years , the university had fallen about 1,000 short of its tradition of enrolling out - of - state and international students at all levels , partly as a result of troubles that some foreign students had in obtaining visas in the wake of the 2001 terrorist attacks .
The UC central administration recently pushed campuses to reach targets or potentially lose some revenue .
Preliminary numbers for this fall are up to the traditional 10 % , combining undergraduates and graduates .
California ’s other public university system , the 23 - campus Cal State chain , enrolls a much smaller proportion .
Only about 4 % of its 440,000 students , undergraduate and graduate , are not from California , officials reported .
Advertisement
In past years Cal State had no limits on out - of - state students , but new applicants from outside California for next fall might have a tough time gaining entrance because Cal State is considering cutting overall enrollment by 10,000 , according to system spokeswoman Clara Potes - Fellow .
Non-Californians will have low admission priority , she said .
At UCLA , freshman Derick Tsaoi said he passed up a large scholarship offered by the University of Maryland in his home state .
Instead , after much deliberation , he took out substantial loans to attend UCLA and study biochemistry in what he described as a more adventurous and academically prestigious setting .
Advertisement
At first he was a bit lonely and struck by how few non-Californians are at UCLA .
“ But after a while , I realized that ’s why I went there , ” he said , “ to meet new people . ”
--
larry.gordon@latimes.com
" With a crippled economy forcing millions of cash - strapped Americans to entertain themselves at home , " said Charisse Jones in USA Today , " it 's not surprising that one particular product is seeing a sales increase — condoms . "
A relatively inexpensive form of birth control , condoms are especially popular in tough times when struggling couples want to avoid " having more mouths to feed . "
" That makes sense , " said William Saletan in Slate .
" Make love , not reservations . "
It 's encouraging to think that , " when times are tough , people become increasingly rational and careful about limiting their financial commitments " — in this case , offspring .
But it 's troubling to think of people switching from more foolproof methods of birth control to condoms , which can lead to pregnancy with " one screw - up . "
Some couples do n't have to worry too much about birth control , said The Daily Beast .
About a third of Americans , according to a Daily Beast poll conducted by Penn , Schoen & Berland , said they 're likely to go on fewer dates and spend less because of the recession .
Those who make less than $ 75,000 a year said they think they 'll have less sex in 2009 than in 2008 , which suggests " that the credit freeze is becoming the sex freeze . "
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Web surfers in the Pacific Northwest will soon join the denizens of Baltimore , Md. , in their ability to get WiMAX service .
Although those in Baltimore are still surfing under the old Xohm brand offered by Sprint ( s s ) , Clearwire ( s CLWR ) plans to launch the first citywide Clear branded service in Portland , Ore. , on January 6 — a little more than a month after Clearwire and Sprint completed their spectrum deal , and raised $ 3.2 billion for a nationwide WiMAX network .
Pricing ranges from $ 30 a month for 200 MB to $ 50 for unlimited data — and looks to be cheaper than cellular data plans , but pricier than Xohm ’s pricing .
There ’s also a $ 35 activation fee and some questionable terms of service agreements , which Clearwire says will be changed .
In a TOS section of the web site dated from Oct. 19 , 2007 , Clearwire limits the use of bandwidth - sucking application such as P2P file - sharing and continuous FTP uploading and downloading .
This is n’t in and of itself bad , but the TOS site also says Clearwire will take action against such bandwidth hogs by “ managing network resources through techniques such as limiting the aggregate bandwidth available for certain bandwidth intensive protocols such as peer - to - peer applications and newsgroups . ” ( emphasis mine )
That sounds like throttling certain types of traffic .
That contradicts what Cleawire CEO Ben Wolff told me this month when I asked him how the Clear service would deal with network management .
At the time he said the company wo n’t ID specific bandwidth - hogging apps and try to restrict or limit those .
Because the terms of service date from over a year ago , my guess is they need to be reconciled with the new Clear service .
Clearwire says that should happen soon .
[ digg - reddit - me ]
Liberals and those concerned about civil liberties should embrace the term “ war ” and policies consistent with some form of a war against terrorism .
Bush ’s War on Terror has largely discredited this idea because he abused the term , used it as a political wedge issue , and used it as a cloak for his attempts to remove checks to his power .
But Obama has a chance to create a framework for a rational and effective war against terrorism – by redefining the aims of this war from aggrandizing the power of the president to preserving the rule of law and our way of life .
Bush ’s War on Terror too quickly evolved from a struggle against terrorism to an attack on the rule of law and on any other checks on the president ’s power – a war planned in advance of September 11 , but justified in the aftermath by a fear of terrorism .
The goal of this war was to ensure maximum flexibility for the executive to act which distracted the president from determining and taking the most effective actions .
Bush focused on whether he could use torture rather than on whether torture was effective ; he wanted the power to detain any individual without any oversight – without taking into account that this would hurt our war aims ; he wanted the authority to wiretap and otherwise intercept communications without any limits , and so he authorized the commission of felonies based on a wacky legal theory that expanded his power rather than asking the law to be changed .
Bush declared War on Terror but waged war on any checks to his power .
Obama must continue to fight the Wars Against Terrorism while reversing Bush ’s war against checks on presidential power .
Obama must focus on strengthening our society and its ’ instutions ( including our civil liberties and the rule of law ) ; he must take measures to protect America from catastrophic events and attacks ; and he must focus on creating resilient structures that can bounce back after an attack .
Some have asked if war is the right model to achieve these goals .
They usually suggest a law enforcement approach instead .
I believe war is the right approach – as war is how a society has always responded to violent existential threats .
Terrorism is such a threat .
The term war has evolved over time to cover different state responses to these violent existential threats – and in this case it must evolve again .
As part of our strategic approach to this war , we must aim to preserve the rule of law and create a more resilient society after an attack .
At the same time , civil libertarians should realize that if we were to declare the war over , we would leave our society ’s values vulnerable in the aftermath of the next attack – as perhaps , Americans shaken and vulnerable , seek a return to war footing , as they sought after September 11 , and those liberties granted in peacetime will be once again revoked .
Instead , we must continue this war ; but rather instead of seeing the rule of law as an obstacle , preserving it must be our fundamental war aim .
Like Loading ...
LONDON ( Reuters ) - British prosecutors said on Thursday they would not bring charges against a computer expert accused by a U.S. attorney of the “ biggest military hack of all time , ” dealing a blow to his bid to avoid extradition .
Computer expert Gary McKinnon poses after arriving at the High Court , in London , January 20 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Andrew Winning
Gary McKinnon was arrested by British police in 2002 after U.S. prosecutors charged him with illegally accessing computers , including the Pentagon , U.S. army , navy and NASA systems , and causing $ 700,000 ( 489,000 pounds ) worth of damage .
A British court ruled in 2006 that he should be extradited to the United States to face trial .
If convicted by a U.S. court , he could face up to 70 years in prison .
McKinnon has been battling the court decision ever since .
His lawyers asked the Director of Public Prosecutions ( DPP ) to consider a request to prosecute him in Britain where they believe he would receive a much shorter sentence .
But the Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) said a review had concluded it would be wrong for him to face trial at home .
“ These were not random experiments in computer hacking , but a deliberate effort to breach U.S. defence systems at a critical time which caused well documented damage , ” said Alison Saunders , head of the CPS Organised Crime Division .
“ They may have been conducted from Mr McKinnon ’s home computer -- and in that sense there is a UK link -- but the target and the damage were trans-atlantic . ”
MILITARY NETWORKS
McKinnon is accused of causing the entire U.S. Army ’s Military District of Washington network of more than 2,000 computers to be shut down for 24 hours .
He has told Reuters he was just a computer nerd who wanted to find out whether aliens really existed and became obsessed with trawling large military networks for proof .
At the time of his indictment , Paul McNulty , U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia , said : “ Mr McKinnon is charged with the biggest military computer hack of all time . ”
The CPS decision does not spell the end of McKinnon ’s legal battle .
Last month , London ’s High Court ruled McKinnon , who has been diagnosed with Asperger ’s Syndrome , could seek a judicial review of the government ’s decision to extradite him .
His lawyers argue his health would suffer and he would be at real risk of suicide if he was handed over to U.S. authorities .
“ Mr McKinnon will still remain in the United Kingdom as the judicial review proceedings against the ( U.K. )
Secretary of State remain outstanding and we are hopeful that those proceedings will be successful , ” his lawyer Kaim Todner said in a statement .
Last year 's proliferation of itty bitty and skinny laptops also helped to drive the proliferation of SSDs , and if Sandisk 's latest announcement is any indicator that popularity could really pay off this year .
The company has announced a new line of 2.5 - inch and 1.8 - inch SSDs for laptops of various sizes .
The three new models come in 60 GB , 120GB , and 240 GB flavors , priced at $ 149 , $ 249 , and $ 499 respectively .
Great values , by the sounds , and with 200MB / sec read and 140MB / sec writes , great performance , too .
We can't wait to do some evaluating of our own when these start appearing inside laptops sometime toward the middle of this year .
After a break of 16 centuries , Greek pagans are worshipping the ancient gods again - despite furious opposition from the Orthodox church .
Helena Smith asks them why they 're so keen to revive the old religion
It was high noon when Doreta Peppa , a woman with long , dark locks and owlish eyes , entered the Sanctuary of Olympian Zeus .
At first , tourists visiting the Athenian temple thought they had stumbled on to a film set .
It was n't just that Peppa cut a dramatic figure with her flowing robes and garlanded hair .
Or that she seemed to be in a state of near euphoria .
Or even that the group of men and women accompanying her - dressed as warriors and nymphets in kitsch ancient garb - appeared to have stepped straight out of the city 's Golden Age .
To the astonishment of onlookers , Peppa also began babbling Orphic hymns , before thrusting her arms upwards into the Attic skies and proceeding , somewhat deliriously , to warble her love for the gods of Mount Olympus .
But , then , for the motley group of modern pagans coalesced around the temple 's giant Corinthian columns , this was a special moment .
Not since the late fourth century AD , when the newly Christian Roman state outlawed all forms of pagan worship , had a high priestess officiated on the sacred site .
Armed with white doves , Peppa , a former advertising executive , was not going to hold back - even if it meant defying the furious Greek officials and riot police gathered at the second - century temple 's gates , unwilling to stop the ceremony for fear of provoking a violent confrontation .
" Sixteen and a half centuries is a very long time to wait , " she said .
" After so many years of Christian persecution we were finally able to call on Zeus , our king - god , to bring peace to the world ahead of the [ 2008 ]
Olympics .
For us , it was a very , very big thing . "
So big , that like a thunderbolt from the deity himself , the one - hour ceremony has achieved the near - impossible task of unnerving Greece 's powerful Orthodox church .
Since Peppa 's performance 10 days ago , hierarchs have redirected the venom they usually reserve for homosexuals , Catholics , Jews , Jehovah 's Witnesses , masons and the " barbaric " Turks at the " miserable resuscitators " of the degenerate dead religion .
In fire - and - brimstone sermons priests have slammed the " satanic " New Ageists and fulminated against their idols .
For years , Orthodox clerics believed that they had defeated Greeks wishing to embrace the customs and beliefs of the ancient past .
But increasingly the church , a bastion of conservatism and traditionalism , has been confronted by the spectre of polytheists making a comeback in the land of the gods .
Last year , Peppa 's group , Ellinais , succeeded in gaining legal recognition as a cultural association in a country where all non-Christian religions , bar Islam and Judaism , are prohibited .
As a result of the ruling , which devotees say paves the way for the Greek gods to be worshipped openly , the organisation hopes to win government approval for a temple in Athens where pagan baptisms , marriages and funerals could be performed .
Taking the battle to archaeological sites deemed to be " sacred " is also part of an increasingly vociferous campaign .
But Ellinais , whose members range from elderly academics to young professionals , is not the only sect to practise the ethnic Hellenic faith .
Those who claim to " defend the genuine traditions , religion and ethos " of pre-Christians say there are at least 2,000 hard - core followers and , nationwide , more than 100,000 sympathisers .
Nationalist extremists , attracted by the creed 's emphasis on Hellenic glories , are helping to boost the revival .
" If you are brought up with Greek mythology , the idea you are the descendants of the ancient Greeks and imbued with the importance of ancient Greek culture , you have all the pre-requisites for such an inclination , " says Nikos Dimou , the acclaimed author of a tongue - in - cheek bestseller , The Misfortune to be Greek .
Ninety - eight per cent of the population may officially be Orthodox Christian , but in many ways Greeks remain bonded to their pagan past .
" OK , the ancients had hubris , but the concept of sin was totally unknown to them , as indeed it is in modern Greece , " Dimou says .
" Greeks today do n't observe many of the 10 commandments .
Their outlook on life and values are much nearer to pagan ideas than those of the austere Judaeo - Christian faith . "
The exoticism of pagan rituals undoubtedly adds to the allure .
Enter the Athens headquarters of YSEE , an umbrella organisation of pagans , and the first thing you encounter on feast days are white - clad believers offering libations before a life - size marble kouros symbolising eternal youth .
Busts of Athena , Aphrodite , Hermes , Hera and Zeus cast their stony eyes on to an altar replete with burning incense , herbs and flowers .
Housed in a decrepit apartment block , between a Kurdish - run cafe and a bathroom utilities store , YSEE has become a meeting point for pagans .
Here believers , such as Vlassis Rassias , gather to discuss ancient Greek history and solace - giving gods .
Like pagans the world over , Rassias says he was drawn to polytheism by the religion 's focus on humanity , ecology , cosmic connections and reverence for the past .
But , like many in Greece , the 48 - year - old banker adds that he was also attracted because of " the brainwashing " of the Orthodox church .
" At school we were taught everything about the ancients except the way they worshipped .
I found it very strange , and when I looked into it I began to see why , " he says .
" The Christians hated pagans so much that from the fourth century to the ninth century they destroyed their temples and libraries , killed their priests , closed their philosophical schools and , in one case , set up a death camp .
It was genocide but priests do n't want to talk about that today . "
Instead , he says , the Orthodox church insisted that Christianity had been spread , and accepted , peacefully .
Greece 's pagans have found an unlikely champion in James O'Dell , a Croydon - born chartered surveyor who gave up his job to " serve the gods " .
Through the internet he has brought Apollo - loving pagans together in Britain - organising a ritual in Richmond Park in December - and disseminated information about the " plight " of pagans in Greece .
" I started a web page and was amazed at how many suddenly came out of the woodwork , " says the 49 - year - old , who lives between Athens and London and keeps an altar dedicated to Apollo in both homes .
His own " awakening " began during a visit to ancient Delphi in 1990 .
Greece 's pagans will need every ally they can get in their battle with the immensely powerful Orthodox establishment .
Church and state are still inextricably intertwined , and priests and parishes are financed from government coffers .
" Greece is not like other modern European democracies - it is semi- theocratic , " says Vassilis Tsantilas , 42 , a computer scientist who experimented with Buddhism , Taoism and Islam before embracing paganism .
" Constitutionally , there is no law that even allows for the recognition of other minority religions , which is why the Christians can go on persecuting us . "
Last year , YSEE stepped up its campaign with a 14 - page memorandum delivered to the Greek president .
Among other things , it demanded that pagans not only be allowed to conduct baptisms , weddings , funerals and cremations but also be given a permanent place of worship within view of the Acropolis on the Hill of Nymphs .
" But our biggest demand is that our religion is accepted as a reality so that we can finally count just how many we are , " Rassias says .
" If the intolerance continues we 'll go to the European court of human rights . "
" I 'd like to think that in 500 years things will be better , " O'Dell says , with a smile .
But Greece 's pagans may not have to wait so long .
Already they have come a long way from the days when exposure as a pagan could result in reprisals from business partners , family and friends .
After the ceremony at the Sanctuary of Olympian Zeus , even the nation 's media have stopped laughing at them .
For the first time ever , Apple has said publicly that jailbreaking iPhones is illegal .
In comments filed with the US copyright office , Apple says that jailbreaking is copyright infringement and a violation of the DMCA .
Advertisement
Every three years , the US Copyright Office has a rulemaking session for the Digital Millennium Copyright Act , where exemption requests can be filed .
For the 2009 session , the Electronic Frontier Foundation filed an exemption request for jailbreaking iPhones for the purposes of interoperability with independent software — i.e. , apps not in the App Store .
Apple filed these comments ( warning , PDF ) in opposition , which is the first time it 's explicitly said that jailbreaking itself is illegal ( ' cause copyright infringement is , well , not legal ) .
It gets pretty nasty trashtalking the EFF in parts , and pretty masturbatory talking about how amazing the iPhone is in others ( to show how it does n't need to be opened to foster innovation ) .
But the bottom line , according to Apple , is that the act of jailbreaking itself constitutes copyright infringement because it " involves infringing uses of the bootloader and OS , the copyrighted works that are protected by the TPMs being circumvented . "
Advertisement
The EFF 's counter - argument is that " courts have long recognized that copying software while reverse engineering is a fair use when done for purposes of fostering interoperability with independently created software . "
Apple says , whatever , it 's not fair use , you suck .
We 'll let the lawyers figure it out , but as a betting man , my money 's on the Fruit . [ EFF ]
Stirwand Information Regular Price $ 89.95
Quantities Limited
Visit our eBay Store for Specials !
CLICK HERE TO VISIT
OUR EBAY STIRWAND STORE
Authorized Quantum Age Water Stirwands ™ Distributor
for clinical studies and lab test results go to :
www.quantumagewater.info
.
[ compiz ]
The future of Compiz
Where are we going ?
It 's time to start thinking ahead and really figure out how to make Compiz survive , specially in lieu of Dennis ' suggestion .
The reality is that there has been the equivalent of no progress since the merge .
We 've basically only been in maintenance mode .
The reason for this , from my point of view , is a complete lack of direction and leadership .
We 've constantly been waiting for something that will change everything , and whether we call it an object framework , nomad or Compiz ++ , the reality is that all these branches are counter - productive , regardless of how fun or flashy they are .
If we are to have a healthy development environment , and any hope of bringing Compiz out of a constant alpha- stage , we need to have clear development goals and a way to cooperate .
Before somebody puts 6 + months of development into their work then present it as a final solution .
Our current situation is rather dark , but not without hope .
We have very little development power , and we are risking loosing even more , and unless I 'm missing something obvious , we have n't seen a single new core developer that contributes significantly to master , since the merge .
We have , however , lost a few .
We MUST turn this trend around if Compiz is to survive .
So why do we loose developers ?
I see a few important reasons : - The project has no goals , and essentially all development and design is done as a solo race .
There 's no way to know whether you can work on something without loosing your work because some obscure branch gets merged .
-
We have an inconsistent organization .
Two bugtrackers , one is n't really cared for .
Two places to find code .
Some plugins are here , and some other plugins are there .
Two development mail lists .
Messy . -
The code is undocumented , specially core , and not particularly pretty .
Even new code is added using this same style of no documentation and functions that do more than C functions should do .
This is not something new , but even people who realize the problem are ignoring it .
It is my honest belief that we should focus on these three major problems , before we do anything .
The first step is to decide what to do with the three branches we have going .
And we need to know exactly what benefits and drawbacks each branch have , how compatible they are and how the authors envision that they will be maintained .
This is where the authors / owners of those branches should come together and start explaining their thoughts about merging and compatibility and maintainability .
If not , we really have no other choice but to consider those branches forks of Compiz , and move ahead based on master .
It is my wish that we have clear goals for every major release , and finding those goals should be the top priority after a stable release .
For each point - release in a development series , we should also have a clear goal .
This will make it easier to predict releases and for developers to help .
And it 's not that hard to figure out .
There is also a fourth point that 's causing us problems .
- Compiz is a research project .
Essentially , there 's been very little work to bring Compiz into a state where it can be considered truly stable .
We need to stop using Compiz master as an experiment .
Examples of this is XCB and objectifying Core and Plugins prior to the object framework being ready .
That 's if we ignore the branches .
I 've been very passive since the merge , as I was quite outspoken in my objections , however , it 's time we actually talk about Compiz , Compiz Fusion and project management .
I am ready to do the boring development work , but not until these management issues have been sorted out .
- Kristian -------------- next part
--------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed ...
Name : not available Type : application / pgp-signature Size : 189 bytes Desc : Digital signature Url : http://lists.freedesktop.org/archives/compiz/attachments/20081231/778efeb1/attachment.pgp
Andy Card : still a tool
February 6 , 2009 by lestro
by lestro
In an interview Wednesday , former White House chief of staff Andy Card had something to say about the less formal approach to things the new president is taking at his old place of employment :
In an interview scheduled to run Wednesday night , Andrew H. Card Jr. told the syndicated news show Inside Edition that “ there should be a dress code of respect ” in the White House and that he wished Mr. Obama “ would wear a suit coat and tie . ”
But wait , there ’s more !
According to Inside Edition ’s Web site , Mr. Card also said : “ The Oval Office symbolizes … the Constitution , the hopes and dreams , and I ’m going to say democracy .
And when you have a dress code in the Supreme Court and a dress code on the floor of the Senate , floor of the House , I think it ’s appropriate to have an expectation that there will be a dress code that respects the office of the President . ”
Once again , Card touches on the great fallacy of the Bush years :
The president spent so much time asking himself “ what would a president do ? ” that he forgot to do the business of the country .
Bush did n’t know what he was doing as president , so he was just trying to do what he thought the president would do .
Obama realizes he is the president .
Therefore , what he does is what the president would do :
Mr. Obama has also brought a more relaxed sensibility to his public appearances .
David Gergen , an adviser to both Republican and Democratic presidents , said Mr. Obama seemed to exude an “ Aloha Zen , ” a kind of comfortable calm that , Mr. Gergen said , reflects a man who “ seems easygoing , not so full of himself . ”
America , traditionally , is a meritocracy .
You get ahead by earning it , by rolling up your sleeves and doing the hard work .
Which , ironically , is what President Obama was doing when all this hoopla started .
George W. Bush , meanwhile , failed up his entire career , running business after business after baseball team into the ground before using his famous last name to vault him into an office he did n’t understand and could n’t handle .
But he sure looked the part , did n’t he ?
This whole dress code thing is another look at the Orwellian style over substance debate .
Card claims that we should respect the presidency by looking the part , but how about making sure we respect American values , like honesty and openness ?
Like the Healthy Forest Initiative that allows new roads and new logging contracts .
Or the Blue Skies Act that allows mass polluters like coal plants to find new and exciting loopholes to go on polluting well after the law would normally allow .
Or the PATRIOT Act , which shreds liberties and is not really all that patriotic .
Or No Child Left Behind , which instead of leaving kids behind , leaves whole schools behind by identifying the struggling schools and then taking money AWAY from them .
Frankly , I do n’t care what my president wears in his office as long as he’s in there trying to clean up the fucking mess Andy Card and his boss made while they were in the office .
Maybe of Bush had paid a little more respect to the laws he was breaking and abusing than to whether he was dressed appropriately we would n’t be in nearly the mess we are now .
Let ’s focus more results instead of what someone is wearing .
And maybe Card has n’t noticed yet , but there ’s a new generation in charge now and we ’re bringing something called “ change ” to the party .
We ’re more concerned with results than looks .
We learned that during the internet era , when our guys in t- shirts and jeans made your guys in suits look silly …
And Andy , if the Oval Office really represents the Constitution and Democracy then a ) I should have access to ANYTHING that goes on in there ( none of this “ executive privilege ” bullshit ) and b ) what the fuck was the prior administration doing signing warrantless wiretapping and torture memos in there ?
I do n’t give a fuck if the president was wearing a tie when he did it , respecting the Constitution is not about being properly dressed .
No wonder you idiots failed so badly .
Besides , despite the claims that it was a long eight years of a jacket and tie required in the Oval Office no matter what …
“ I ’ll never forget going to work on a Saturday morning , getting called down to the Oval Office because there was something he was mad about , ” said Dan Bartlett , who was counselor to Mr. Bush .
“ I had on khakis and a buttoned - down shirt , and I had to stand by the door and get chewed out for about 15 minutes .
He would n’t even let me cross the threshold . ”
it did n’t take long to uncover photos contradicting yet another Bush Administration claim :
President Obama showed up in the Oval Office in shirtsleeves the day after inauguration .
So did President Bush , pictured here in 2001 with Harriet Miers
especially since a quick Google search turns up pictures like this :
and this :
While we all learn in school about the Norman Conquest and King Harold 's defeat at Hastings , Britain 's considerable achievements at home and abroad 250 years ago are not given the credit they deserve , said Frank McLynn .
A Biden economist
Joe Biden just announced the hire of a chief economist and economic policy adviser , one of the leading Washington spokesmen for a liberal , pro-labor economic stance , Jared Bernstein .
Bernstein , of the Economic Policy Institute , has been positioned to the left of most of Obama 's team on big issues like trade and smaller ones like Wal - Mart ; his pick is another indication both that Biden is putting a serious team together , and that there will be voices on the left on Obama 's economic team .
Fallen Lehman Brothers ' chief executive Richard Fuld sold his $ US13.3 million ( $ 20.3 million ) mansion to his wife for just $ 100 ( $ 152 ) last November , Florida real - estate records show .
The 62 - year - old executive , who could face civil lawsuits after overseeing the investment bank 's collapse into Chapter 11 proceedings last September , transferred ownership of the 3.3 - acre seaside home to Kathleen Fuld on November 10 .
The couple had jointly bought the home for $ US13.75 million in March 2004 , as first reported by Cityfile.com .
There were tons of great photos to come out of yesterday ’s NHL Winter Classic , but none made me chuckle as much as this gem with NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman and Actor Vince Vaughn .
This photo is via the Chicago Tribune .
Seeing Vaughn at a hockey game of course reminds me of the classic scene from Swingers , where Vaughn makes Gretzky ’s head bleed .
Do you think Vince took on Gary in a bit of NHL ’ 94 ?
( Video NSFW )
Citing a developer who supposedly worked on Android , VentureBeat is reporting that Apple asked Google not to implement multi- touch technology in its Android mobile OS , and that Google , obviously , complied .
The implementation of multi-touch on the iPhone gives it a key advantage over competing phones such as the G1 and the BlackBerry Storm , and it raises the question of why Google , which has devoted a lot of resources towards the development and subsequent release of Android , decided to comply with Apple ’s request .
Were they afraid of legal action ?
Interestingly , with all of the recent hoopla regarding the Palm Pre ’s implementation of multi-touch , and whether or not Apple will take legal action against Palm because of it , Google is reportedly glad that they decided to stay on the sidelines .
For one thing , they avoid the potential for costly and lengthy patent litigation with Apple .
Second , and arguably more important , is the fact that Google and Apple have a strong and mutually beneficial working relationship that both sides have an interest in maintaining .
Hindsight , though , is 20 - 20 , and it ’s extremely interesting that Apple took the pro-active step to ask Google point blank not to implement multi-touch .
Does this imply that perhaps
Apple knew it could n’t legally prevent Google from implementing the feature , and so it instead decided to play nice and ask them for a favor instead ?
There ’s no way to tell , but favors are n’t typically granted in Silicon Valley for no reason .
Moreover , it ’s doubtful that Google , of all companies , would actively take steps to create a mobile OS with stunted functionality simply because Apple asked them to .
It makes one wonder what Google possibly had to gain by heeding Apple ’s request .
For all we know , though , Apple ’s friendly request was more along the lines of a friendly warning , and that the threat of legal action by Apple was truly at the heart of Google ’s decision to leave multi- touch out of Android .
In any event , recent hacks to the G1 have shown that the device is more than capable of handling multi- touch functionality , and with the Palm Pre set to launch in a few months , the iPhone wont be the only multi - touch smartphone out on the market for much longer .
Update : John Gruber of Daring
Fireball published a post today that sheds some more light on the above story :
This jibes with a story I heard several months ago from a source who works at Apple , which is that Google showed Apple legal a pre-release prototype of the HTC G1 , specifically to avoid patent - related disputes .
Even more interesting , though , is Gruber ’s description of just how bitter the relationship between Apple and Palm is becoming , with Palm supposedly taking steps to actively lure engineers away from Apple .
What I heard last month at Macworld Expo is that Palm has a standing offer for engineers at Apple to jump ship , with a starting salary of 1.5 times their current Apple salary .
Wow .
Things certainly are getting soap opera-esque in Silicon Valley .
I wonder what ’s next ..
Mark Papermaster jumping ship to join Palm ?!
A December video tutorial teaching viewers how to modify a netbook to run Mac OS X has landed tech magazine Wired in hot water with Apple 's legal department .
Wired 's Brian X. ChenÂ postedÂ a video podcast to theÂ Gadget LabÂ blog on December 1st that demonstrated the installation of an " illegal , hacked version " of Mac OS X Leopard onto an MSI Wind netbook .
" I start out by telling you where to download the hacked operating system software , " Chen wrote .
Â
" You 'll also need to download and install a copy of OSX86 tools .
Â
Then I walk you through the steps of how to put the OS on a USB flash drive ( at least 4GB ) to copy it onto the netbook . "
Just hours ago , ChenÂ sent an update to his Twitter account : " Just found out Apple is suing Wired for my video tutorial on hacking netbooks to run Mac OS X.Â
One hell of a way to start off the day . "
It later turned out that Chen misunderstood the situation , and a formal complaint has not been lodged with the US court system .
Since then , copies of the video have disappeared one - by - one from the original entry at Wired 's site and from YouTube .
However , a lone copy of the video remained on the video sharing website as of press time , which can be seen below .
Mac OS X running on the hacked netbook .
Apple has most likely sent a cease - and - desist letter toÂ CondÃ© Nast Publications , Wired 's parent company , rather than suing for monetary damages .
Â
The Cupertino - based Mac maker probably took issue with Chen 's links and directions to websites where readers could download illegal hacked versions of Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard , although he did encourage viewers to compensate .
" It would be very polite to have your own purchased retail version of Mac OS X Leopard , " Chen says in the video before giving the URLs .
Pornography is a major workplace problem in contemporary American society - and yet few private employers or government managers are willing to talk about it for fear of seeming prudish , or blindly trusting their employees , or being accused of infringing on individual liberties .
With these attitudes , porn - at - work has grown like a virulent cancer , robbing employers of work time and wasted wages , causing litigation , and - most important - truly corrupting the minds of offenders while helping a squalid and perverted industry .
Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley , to his credit , has the courage to tackle the issue of pornography at work head on .
His action is an opportunity to begin a national conversation on the widespread social effects of Internet porn at the office .
Is this the kind of America we want to live in ?
As ranking member of the Committee on Finance , Sen. Grassley has sent a letter to the National Science Foundation asking for more information on employees viewing pornography on company time .
He cited the most recent NSF Semiannual Report that referred to a systemic problem in which government computers were being used to view sexually explicit material .
One employee spent 20 percent of his work time viewing pornography - a cost of $ 58,000 in compensation he received for work he was not doing .
Sen .
Grassley is calling for a complete account of the use of the NSF drive by its employees .
This , he rightly says , is an essential component of his oversight responsibilities - especially since the NSF relies on public funds for scientific and engineering research .
Certainly Americans do not want their tax dollars being used to pay employees for indulging their sexual fantasies .
Sen .
Grassley has tapped into a problem that has multiple layers and affects the private sector , too .
Pornography creates tension in the workplace both between employers and employees and among employees .
Employers are liable for activities done by their employees on company premises .
Hence , if one sees a colleague viewing pornography and objects , the employer incurs a legal responsibility to ensure that the work environment is comfortable for all .
Also , of course , employers do not want their employees being compensated for work that is not being done .
These issues have opened more venues for litigation .
For example , the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission has brought lawsuits against companies in which workers complained that employees viewed or distributed pornography .
In other instances , lawsuits have emerged in which employees believed they were unfairly fired for viewing explicit materials - or that the incident was used as a pretext for a dismissal that was already desired .
And believe it or not , an employee fired for viewing pornography can possibly seek protection under the Americans with Disabilities
Act on the ground that he / she has a compulsion .
In a nutshell , a mouse and a small click can bring on a whole lot of trouble .
The porn - at - work phenomenon is pervasive enough , a 2007 survey by the American Management Association and The ePolicy Institute found , that 65 percent of American companies use porn- detecting software - a dramatic increase from 40 percent in 2001 .
Employees circumvent this by using laptop computers , cell phones and other portable devices .
Even with blocks and filters on employee computers , those who really want to spend part of the workday viewing pornography can do so largely undetected .
Consider that Sex Tracker , an adult search engine , reports that 70 percent of pornography is viewed between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m .
This gives a whole new meaning to the question : “ What did you do at work today , honey ? ”
Employees do indeed waste much company time on a whole range of personal business .
Yet , the pornography problem tops the list of employer concerns .
Of the 30 percent of bosses who fired workers for misusing the Internet , a whopping 84 percent said it was because the employee was watching inappropriate materials .
Some of these employees know full well that they are being monitored - and get an additional thrill for being so brazen and taking such a risk .
This bespeaks the magnitude of the porn - at - work phenomenon .
With so many employees now having their own work computers , the workplace has become a center of pornographic voyeurism among some segment of American society .
How to respond , beyond more porn - detecting software and greater vigilance , remains to be seen .
We claim no answer .
But until we discuss the challenges , America will look less and less like a shining “ city upon a hill ” and more like Sodom and Gomorrah - a land in which workers betray the taxpayers , cheat their employers , embarrass their colleagues , diminish their lovers , and nobody cares .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
It ’s hard to believe , but true : under a law Congress passed last year aimed at regulating hazards in children ’s products , the federal government has now advised that children ’s books published before 1985 should not be considered safe and may in many cases be unlawful to sell or distribute .
Merchants , thrift stores , and booksellers may be at risk if they sell older volumes , or even give them away , without first subjecting them to testing — at prohibitive expense .
Many used - book sellers , consignment stores , Goodwill outlets , and the like have accordingly begun to refuse new donations of pre-1985 volumes , yank existing ones off their shelves , and in some cases discard them en masse .
The problem is the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008 ( CPSIA ) , passed by Congress last summer after the panic over lead paint on toys from China .
Among its other provisions , CPSIA imposed tough new limits on lead in any products intended for use by children aged 12 or under , and made those limits retroactive : that is , goods manufactured before the law passed cannot be sold on the used market ( even in garage sales or on eBay ) if they do n’t conform .
The law has hit thrift stores particularly hard , since many children ’s products have long included lead - containing ( if harmless ) components : zippers , snaps , and clasps on garments and backpacks ; skateboards , bicycles , and countless other products containing metal alloy ; rhinestones and beads in decorations ; and so forth .
Combine this measure with a new ban ( also retroactive ) on playthings and child - care articles that contain plastic - softening chemicals known as phthalates , and suddenly tens of millions of commonly encountered children ’s items have become unlawful to resell , presumably destined for landfills when their owners discard them .
Penalties under the law are strict and can include $ 100,000 fines and prison time , regardless of whether any child is harmed .
Not until 1985 did it become unlawful to use lead pigments in the inks , dyes , and paints used in children ’s books .
Before then — and perhaps particularly in the great age of children ’s - book illustration that lasted through the early twentieth century — the use of such pigments was not uncommon , and testing can still detect lead residues in books today .
This does n’t mean that the books pose any hazard to children .
While lead poisoning from other sources , such as paint in old houses , remains a serious public health problem in some communities , no one seems to have been able to produce a single instance in which an American child has been made ill by the lead in old book illustrations — not surprisingly , since unlike poorly maintained wall paint , book pigments do not tend to flake off in large lead - laden chips for toddlers to put into their mouths .
At any rate , CPSIA ’s major provisions went into effect on February 10 .
The day before , the Consumer Product Safety Commission ( CPSC ) published guidelines telling thrift stores , as well as other resellers and distributors of used goods , what they could safely keep selling and what they should consider rejecting or subjecting to ( expensive ) lead testing .
Confirming earlier reports , the document advised that only “ ordinary ” children ’s books ( that is , made entirely of paper , with no toylike plastic or metal elements ) printed after 1985 could be placed in the safe category .
Older books were pointedly left off the safe list ; the commission did allow an exception for vintage collectibles whose age , price , or rarity suggested that they would most likely be used by adult collectors , rather than given to children .
Since the law became effective the very next day , there was no time to waste in putting this advice into practice .
A commenter at Etsy , the large handicrafts and vintage - goods site , observed how things worked at one store :
I just came back from my local thrift store with tears in my eyes !
I watched as boxes and boxes of children ’s books were thrown into the garbage !
Today was the deadline and I just ca n’t believe it !
Every book they had on the shelves prior to 1985 was destroyed !
I managed to grab a 1967 edition of “ The Outsiders ” from the top of the box , but so many !
People who deal in children ’s books for a livelihood now face unpleasant choices .
Valerie Jacobsen of Clinton , Wisconsin , who owns a small used - book store and has sold over the Internet since 1995 , commented at my blog , Overlawyered : “ Our bookstore is the sole means of income for our family , and we currently have over 7,000 books catalogued .
In our children ’s department , 35 percent of our picture books and 65 percent of our chapter books were printed before 1985 . ”
Jacobsen has contacted the CPSC and her congressional representatives for guidance , but to no avail .
“ We cannot simply discard a wealth of our culture ’s nineteenth and twentieth children ’s literature over this , ” she writes .
She remains defiant , if wary : “ I was willing to resist the censorship of 1984 and the Fire Department of Fahrenheit 451 long before I became a bookseller , so I ’d love to run a black market in quality children ’s books — but at the same time it ’s not like the CPSC has never destroyed a small , harmless company before . ”
Jacobsen also worries that any temporary forbearance on the part of the CPSC , which has said that it does not plan a reseller crackdown any time soon in the absence of evidence of risk , could be abrogated without notice in the future .
For one thing , new commissioners appointed by the Obama administration are expected to show less sympathy in regulating business than the current commission .
In addition , the 50 state attorneys general have been empowered to enforce the law on their own , and frequently take much more aggressive legal positions than those of the federal government , sometimes teaming with private lawyers who capture a share of fines imposed .
Seizing on the “ collectible ” loophole , commenter Carol Baicker - McKee declared : “ If nothing happens to change this law soon , I promise I will spend whatever money and devote whatever space I can to buying up these older books .
I ’ll be happy to label myself a collector ( and I ’m subversive enough to leave the books lying around where kids might ‘ accidentally ’ read them ) . ”
But this strategy , aside from its overtones of furtive evasion , will provide limited legal help to sellers .
Under the law , they ’re liable if their products will commonly be understood as intended for children ’s use , even if not labeled as such .
A further question is what to do about public libraries , which daily expose children under 12 to pre-1985 editions of Anne of Green Gables , Beatrix Potter , Baden - Powell ’s scouting guides , and other deadly hazards .
The blogger Design Loft carefully examines some of the costs of CPSIA - proofing pre-1985 library holdings ; they are , not surprisingly , utterly prohibitive .
The American Library Association spent months warning about the law ’s implications , but its concerns fell on deaf ears in Congress ( which , in this week ’s stimulus bill , refused to consider an amendment by Republican senator Jim DeMint to reform CPSIA ) .
The ALA now apparently intends to take the position that the law does not apply to libraries unless it hears otherwise .
One can hardly blame it for this stance , but it ’s far from clear that it will prevail .
For one thing , the law bans the “ distribution ” of forbidden items , whether or not for profit .
In addition , most libraries regularly raise money through book sales , and will now need to consider excluding older children ’s titles from those sales .
One CPSC commissioner , Thomas Moore , has already called for libraries to “ sequester ” some undefinedly large fraction of pre-1985 books until more is known about their risks .
The threat to old books has surfaced so quickly in recent weeks that the elite press still seems unaware of it .
The wider pattern of CPSIA ’s disruptive irrationality and threat to small businesses has been covered reasonably well by the local press around the country .
Some papers have investigated particular aspects of the law — the Los Angeles Times has tracked its menace to the garment industry , and the Washington Post and Wall Street Journal the general plight of thrift stores — but almost no one has cared to consider the law ’s broad array of unintended consequences , let alone ask what went wrong in the near - unanimous rush to passage of this feel - good law .
The New York Times , which last year vigorously cheered the passage of CPSIA in both its news and editorial columns , occupies a class by itself in almost completely ignoring the law ’s wrenching effects as its effective date has arrived .
The Times used to cover the book business , as well as apparel , retailing , and product design , to name a few of the sectors hit hard by CPSIA .
Yet the paper has remained entirely silent on the law in recent weeks , aside from one brief wire - service item and a post on the paper ’s automotive blog , Wheels , about the law ’s effect on children ’s dirt bikes ( now forced off the market ) .
On Wednesday , the Times ran an editorial solemnly condemning “ book banning ” ; on inspection , the editorial turned out to praise an ACLU lawsuit against a school district that had removed a library book from the shelves because of its allegedly over - favorable view of Castro ’s Cuba .
In any wider and more systematic prospect of book banning , the paper has shown no interest .
Whatever the future of new media may hold , ours will be a poorer world if we begin to lose ( or “ sequester ” from children ) the millions of books published before our own era .
They serve as a path into history , literature , and imagination for kids everywhere .
They link the generations by enabling parents to pass on the stories and discoveries in which they delighted as children .
Their illustrations open up worlds far removed from what kids are likely to see on the video or TV screen .
Could we really be on the verge of losing all of this ?
And if this is what government protection of our kids means , should n’t we be thinking instead about protecting our kids from the government ?
If you thought nettops were cheap , wait until you get a load of this : Marvell has announced the SheevaPlug , a $ 99 reference design based on the company ’s own " plug computer " concept .
In short , this system plugs directly into a power socket , much like a glorified wall wart with Ethernet and USB ports .
Marvell says the SheevaPlug reference design includes a 1.2GHz , ARM - based Sheeva embedded processor , 512MB of DDR2 memory , 512MB of flash memory , Gigabit Ethernet , and USB 2.0 .
If you were wondering , yes — Marvell does design processors .
As a matter of fact , it acquired Intel ’s XScale business back in 2006 , and the former XScale team seems to have contributed to the Sheeva design .
On the software side of things , Marvell notes that the SheevaPlug supports " multiple standard Linux 2.6 kernel distributions . "
That should make running and developing software for the platform pretty straightforward .
Speaking which , developers can get a SheevaPlug development kit for $ 99 right now by heading to Marvell ’s website .
Other folks will probably want to wait for actual products based on the design — and there are several in the pipeline , including the $ 79 CloudEngines Pogoplug and the CTERA CloudPlug .
According to the Wall Street Journal , Marvell expects prices to go down to $ 49 eventually .
Check out the image gallery below for some photos of the SheevaPlug reference system and a diagram showing a possible usage scenario .
As Marvell points out , this hardware should be a nice way to turn an external hard drive into a network - attached - storage solution .
A tiny , ultra- cheap Linux network PC can probably serve many other purposes , though .
Bricks !
Minifigs !
Spaceships !
Star Wars !
Airplanes !
Robots !
Sex !
Secret Vaults !
Our exclusive trip to the Lego mothership !
More than six million read the best Lego stories of 2008 .
Check the Top 10 and my favorites .
Advertisement
Most Popular Lego Stories of 2008
1. The Lego Secret Vault
459,413 views , my favorite Lego story of the year by far .
Video exclusive
Advertisement
2. 3,800 - Piece Death Star Diorama Is Coolest Star Wars Set Ever
249,263 views
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
3. Best Lego Sets In History
245,771 views
Exclusive
Best LEGO
Sets in History
To end the celebration of the 50 years of the LEGO brick , here are the best sets in history . …
Read more
Advertisement
4. Lego Brick Timeline : 50 Years of Building Frenzy and Curiosities
217,115 views
Exclusive
Advertisement
5. Lego Master Completes 30 - Pound Star Wars Starship
183,202 views
Advertisement
6. Inside the Lego Factory
167,815 views
Video exclusive
Exclusive look inside the Lego Factory
This video shows something that very few people have had the opportunity to witness : the inside of …
Read more
Advertisement
7. Lego Airbus A380 Is Biggest Lego Airplane
In the World
151,317 views
Video exclusive
Advertisement
8. Forbidden Set Shows Darkest Side of Lego
137,344 views
Forbidden Set Shows Darkest Side of LEGO
I thought I got all the coolest LEGO sets in history , but a reader pointed out what 's probably the… Read more
Advertisement
9. Lego Colonial Space Ship Is Big Enough to Terraform Real Planets
137,268 views
Advertisement
10 . Using Hundreds of Lego Star Wars Mini Spaceships to Create Huge Battles
135,898 views
Advertisement
Some of my favorites
65 - Foot - High Lego Cathedrals Store 19 Billion Pieces a Year
This thing amazes me every time I see it .
Video exclusive
Advertisement
The Lego Minifig Timeline
135,089 views
Exclusive
Advertisement
How Lego Builds the Minifig
Video exclusive
Exclusive Video : How Lego Builds Its Minifigs
One of the best parts of my trip to Lego and exploring their factory was the minifig production …
Read more
Advertisement
750,000 - Piece Lego Kennedy Space Center
Is the Mother of All Lego Models
Video exclusive
Advertisement
Winners of the Go Miniman Lego Video Contest
I still can't believe our readers did all this .
Simply stunning .
Good news for Kurzweilian Singularitarians and flop - junkies – Moore ’s Law has been looking increasingly likely to derail as we approach the lowest practical limit for semiconductor miniaturization , but newly announced research means there ’s life in the old dog yet :
Two US groups have announced transistors almost 1000 times smaller than those in use today , and a [ nano - scale magnet - based ] version of flash memory that could store all the books in the US Library of Congress in a square 4 inches ( 10 cm ) across . [ … ]
Using 3 - nanometre magnets , an array could store 10 terabits ( roughly 270 standard DVDs ) per square inch , says Russell , who is now working to perfect magnets small enough to cram 100 terabits into a square inch .
“ Currently , industry is working at half a terabit [ per square inch ] , ” he says .
“ They wanted to be at 10 terabits in a few years ’ time – we have leapfrogged that target . ”
If this were Engadget , we could squee about how we ’ll have laptops the size of wristwatches by the end of the decade , but that would be to miss an important point .
The ever - falling cost and size of memory and processing power will certainly mean more gadgets , but those gadgets will bring social changes along with them – as Charlie Stross pointed out a while ago , if you can read and write data at the atomic scale then physical storage capacity becomes a complete non-issue , allowing you to record everything – literally everything .
[ image by Fox O’Rian ]
When you can record everything , how do you go about managing and using what you ’ve recorded ?
The wonderful
webGobbler gallery
The beautiful trashbin
Welcome to the webGobbler gallery .
The following pictures have not been created by an artist , but by a program : webGobbler .
webGobbler wanders the web , downloads random images and mixes them .
Enjoy the chaos of the internet .
webGobbler is free ( as in speech ) .
You can download it right now and start creating your own images .
webGobbler is opensource , which means you can even modify the webGobbler program itself if you want .
The webGobbler program , its source code and technical details are available on the project page
Click on a thumbnail below for the full size 1280x1024 picture .
Use the F11 key ( on most browsers ) to enjoy it in fullscreen .
Download webGobbler
You can download webGobbler directly from sebsauvage .
net :
From sebsauvage.net - For Windows 95-98-ME - NT -2000 -XP - 2003 : - For Windows 95-98-ME - NT -2000 -XP - 2003 :
version 1.2.6 ( 3.9 Mb )
- For Linux , MacOSX and other operating systems : - For Linux , MacOSX and other operating systems :
version 1.2.6 ( 169 kb )
( Source code : Requires Python and the Python Imaging Library ( PIL ) )
Quotes
« webGobbler is a unique program »
-- SnapFiles.com
« Think there 's too much going on all the time on the web ?
You have n't seen anything yet .
The webGobbler takes different pages and mashes them up to form new images . »
-- abc13.com
« webGobbler is brilliant - the collages are so nice , and the images even blur smoothly together , like it ’s been carefully crafted in Photoshop , which of course it has n’t . »
-- Dave Miller
« The images are abstract and similar to each other , but each is compelling in its own way »
-- MiamiHerald
« Recipe for Web art :
Take the thousands of fresh images posted on the Internet .
Blend well .
Make a high resolution collage .
That 's just what Sébastien Sauvage has done with his fascinating WebGobbler program .
Check out the results .
The images are rich in texture and detail and give you a time - compressed sense of global voyerism , as if you 're looking at freeze - frames of a thousand lives at once . »
-- TechStuff.ca
« Open your mind and show us how good you are when the inspiration is with you .[...]
It is very easy - to - use and it is housed in an intuitive interface . »
-- UpToDown.com
« webGobbler is a very fine peice of code which produces beautiful graphics . »
-- joosypigeon
« This is a gem of a program , despite its unprepossessing name . [...]
In default configuration , it will create unique works of art .
They are all recognisable as the work of webGobbler , but even so it is something special to witness the piece being constructed . [...]
The best thing to do with webGobbler is to let it get on with its work in peace .
Set it running and then wander off and do something else .
Have dinner .
Sleep .
Go out .
When you return , you ’ll have another original artwork waiting to be viewed . »
-- Laurence Timms
« Maybe you want to change your desktop background , make a cool CD cover , or print out some artwork for your wall or cubicle .
Maybe you just want to see some cool random art .
WebGobbler is a unique piece of software that can satisfy all of the above scenarios and maybe even some others . »
-- FireAtomic.com
« On apprécie toujours les initiatives originales qui utilisent des technologies libres pour créer un « Objet Logiciel Non Identifié » qui n'a d'autre but que de créer quelque chose de beau . [...]
WebGobbler , lui , transforme votre PC en artiste contemporain , récupérant des images sur le web et les retouchant pour créer des collages abstraits du plus bel effet . [...] une expérience inclassable et originale »
-- Clubic.com
Thank you for the great feedback I received everywhere ...
Links to other computer - generated art projects
Complexification : http://www.complexification.net/gallery/
: http://www.complexification.net/gallery/
Debris : http://www.badmofo.org/debris/
: http://www.badmofo.org/debris/
Montage : http://www.msynet.com/projects.php
: http://www.msynet.com/projects.php
WebCollage : http://www.jwz.org/webcollage/
: http://www.jwz.org/webcollage/
Typogenerator : http://typogenerator.net/
: http://typogenerator.net/
Aaron : http://www.kurzweilcyberart.com/
: http://www.kurzweilcyberart.com/
Salavon : http://www.salavon.com/work.php
: http://www.salavon.com/work.php
Tag - O-vision : http://brevity.org/code/flickr/tag-o-vision/
( gallery : http://www.flickr.com/photos/brevity/sets/164195/)
: http://brevity.org/code/flickr/tag-o-vision/
( gallery : http://www.flickr.com/photos/brevity/sets/164195/)
Fleen : http://www.fleen.org/
: http://www.fleen.org/
Corrugation Street : http://www.corrugationstreet.com/
: http://www.corrugationstreet.com/
Thomas Briggs : http://www.salientimages.com/
: http://www.salientimages.com/
Bogdan Soban : http://www.soban-art.com/
: http://www.soban-art.com/
N-Generate : http://www.n-generate.com/download.html
: http://www.n-generate.com/download.html
Processing : http://processing.org/
: http://processing.org/
G2 - Generative Graphics portal : http://www.ssdesigninteractive.com/g2/
: http://www.ssdesigninteractive.com/g2/ Generative.net : http://www.generative.net/links.cgi
: http://www.generative.net/links.cgi Generator.x ( conferences/exhibitions /blog ) : http://www.generatorx.no/
( conferences/exhibitions / blog ) : http://www.generatorx.no/
" Generative art " on WikiPedia : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generative_art
on WikiPedia : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generative_art and , of course , the fractals :
FractInt : http://spanky.triumf.ca/www/fractint/fractint.html or http://www.fractint.org/
: http://spanky.triumf.ca/www/fractint/fractint.html or http://www.fractint.org/
Xaos : http://xaos.sourceforge.net/
: http://xaos.sourceforge.net/
Fractal Explorer : http://www.eclectasy.com/Fractal-Explorer/ or http://fractals.da.ru/
: http://www.eclectasy.com/Fractal-Explorer/ or http://fractals.da.ru/
ChaosPro : http://www.chaospro.de/
A pretty easy photoshop manipulation , but the idea is really interesting .
Floating Logos by Matt Siber –
The Project Statement : Inspired by the proliferation of very tall signs in the American Mid-West , Floating Logos seeks to draw attention to this often overlooked form of advertising .
Perched atop very tall poles or stanchions , these corporate beacons emit their message by looming over us in their glowing , plastic perfection .
Elimination of the support structure in the photographs allows the signs to literally float above the earth .
In some cases the ground is purposefully left out of the image to further emphasize the disconnect between the corporate symbols and terra firma .
Making the signs appear to float not only draws attention to this type of signage but also gives them , and the companies that put them there , an otherworldly quality .
References can be drawn to religious iconography , the supernatural , popular notions of extraterrestrials , or science fiction films such as Blade Runner .
Each of these references refers to something that can profoundly affect our lives yet is just beyond our control and comprehension .
Delivering informative structure is the primary task an interactive user interface should be able to cope with .
The more intuitive layout structure is designed , the better users can understand the content .
Whatever content you have to present , you can present them in a more interactive & more responsive ways .
In this article we ’d like to present 10 11 smart javascript techniques you should always have handy when creating your next layout design .
“ Page Sliders ” , “ Hiding Content ” , “ Image or Content Sliders ” , “ Animated Slideshows ” , “ Carousels ” , “ Tabbed content ” as well as “ resizable , draggable & slidable ” & “ lightboxes ” modules that you can use for effective presentations of your content ( text or images ) .
j Query pageSlide is a plugin for jQuery that slides the viewable webpage off - screen , revealing and populating a secondary interaction pane .
It may be used in a similar manner to Lightbox , where screen real estate and centralization of the user experience are a concern .
The primary window is reserved for content ; secondary interactions do not require additional space on the page — the area they need is created and removed on demand .
Because the user can see the original window , they have a greater likelihood of retaining focus , and can easily return to the previous task .
Check OUt the Demo Here
We want to obtain this effect : when an user clicks on a link ( " Hide " ) , the related < li > element disappear with a nice animated slide out effect .
A simple way to implement an animated " disappear " effect using MooTools slideOut ( ) for an element of a list when an user clicks on a link contained into a < li > element of that list .
This tutorial explains how to implement that using “ five ” lines of JavaScript code .
First we need to implement a simple list of products with ID = " myList " and some < li > elements with a progressive ID : l1 , l2 , l3 , l5 , l5 and add a link “ Hide ” :
< ul id =" myList " > < li id = " l1 " > Playstation | < a href= " # " >
Hide </a></li> < li id = " l2 " > iPod Touch | < a href= " # " >
Hide </a></li> < li id =" l3 " > XBOX 360 | < a href= " # " >
Hide </a></li> < li id = " l4 " > Nokia N97 | < a href= " # " >
Hide </a></li> < li id = " l5 " > Dell Inspiron | < a href= " # " >
Hide</a></li> </ul >
Here is the javascript code to enable slideOut ( ) effect :
< script > window.addEvent( ' domready ' , function ( ) { /*
From the list with ID myList , for each li element of the list ... : */ $ ( 'myList ').getElements ( ' li ' ).each ( function(e ) {
/* ... get the ID of the selected item */ e.getElement ('a' ) .addEvent ( ' click ' , function ( listID ) { /* Enable Fx.Slide effect for the selected item */ var list_element = new Fx.Slide( listID ) ; /* Enable slideOut ( ) effect */ list_element.slideOut( ) }.pass( e.id ) ) ; } ) ; } ) ; </script >
Check it out here
Let ’s say you want to create a portfolio layout with different thumbnails of your projects and have a middle panel to show the details and a picture of the selected project .
Benjamin Sterling created an interesting portfolio layout and added a nice easing method to the main content panel using easeOutQuad and easeInQuad using jQuery easing plugin .
Check it out here
Niall Doherty ’s Coda Slider inspired lot of designers and got them started quickly designing around it .
Chris Coyier created a Slick Auto - Playing Featured Content Slider using Coda Slider plugin pretty much “ out of the box ” and added the following features to it ’s functionality :
Different types of custom content in the panels .
We can already put whatever we want in the panels , but to make it easier on ourselves , there will be a couple of different formats ready to go .
The main one being an image the size of the entire panel , but featuring a text - overlay .
We can already put whatever we want in the panels , but to make it easier on ourselves , there will be a couple of different formats ready to go .
The main one being an image the size of the entire panel , but featuring a text - overlay .
Auto - play .
You can still click the thumbnails to jump to any panel , but left onto itself , the slider will slowly cycle through the panels .
You can still click the thumbnails to jump to any panel , but left onto itself , the slider will slowly cycle through the panels .
Arrow indicator .
To serve as a visual indication of which panel you are currently viewing , a small arrow will display above the thumbnail pointing into the panel .
In essence , to achieve the “ auto - play ” effect , Chris triggered a click event on the next thumbnail in line every 3 seconds and handled a manual click event for the thumbnails to be fired when the DOM is ready .
Check out the Demo Here
Easy Slider enables images or any content to slide horizontally or vertically on click .
It is configurable with css alone .
So , basically you link to plugin file , set the content up and style it with css .
The appearance is totally editable with css so all of you afraid of getting their hands dirty with JS code can easily use this .
Content should be wrapped inside a div containing an ordered list where each list item represents one slide .
You can add text content or an image inside each list item .
Script automatically adds “ previous ” and “ next ” buttons just after the content element that calculates the current “ position ” and makes a one step in requested direction .
So , the slider jumps from one slide to another .
Here are some blank , non styled demos .
Check out the script in action :
mooSlide is nice replacement of the common “ lightbox ” module .
It has some interesting options to influence the look and behaviour of the sliding box .
You can also have more than one box on your page !
In addition you can now define , from where the box should fly in : from top or from bottom .
Furthermore it allows you to load content from other pages that you define , or to execute a function when the slider disappears .
Check out the demo here
j Query .
SerialScroll allows you to easily animate any series of elements , by sequentially scrolling them .
It uses jQuery .
ScrollTo to achieve the scrolling animation .
This plugin can be used for navigation purposes .
Features include :
You can use horizontal or vertical scroll , also combined .
You can decide how many to show at a time with CSS .
The items do n’t need to be aligned , you can spread them as much as you want , it will always find them .
You can use it as text scroller , news ticker or slideshows .
Check out the demo here
Agile Carousel allows you to easily create a custom carousel .
Call Jquery UI to enable many different additional transition types and easing methods .
Uses PHP to draw images from the folder you specify .
Configure many different options including controls , slide timer length , easing type , transition type and more !
It can be used with or without jQuery UI for more effects to provides full control .
Options include :
transition_easing : enter easing type
transition_duration : enter length in milliseconds for all slide transition
slide_captions : enter list of slide captions
number_slides_visible : enter the number of slides that should be visible on the stage
water_mark : enter text that will appear in the carousel and not be affected by transitions .
Check out the demo here
This extremely lightweight JavaScript animated slideshow script includes a number of cool features to to style your content : description support , link support , no naming restrictions , portrait image support , graceful degradation and active thumbnail status .
The markup is pretty simple :
< ul id =" slideshow " > < li > < h3 > Image One</h3 > < span>photos/image-one.jpg</span > < p > Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipiscing elit .
Aliquam ut urna .
Mauris nulla .
Donec nec mauris .
Proin nulla dolor , bibendum et , dapibus in , euismod ut , felis . </p> < a href= " # " >< img src=" thumbnails/image-one.jpg " alt = " Image One " /></a> </li > < li > < h3 > Image Two </ h3 > < span>photos/image-two.jpg</span > < p > Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipiscing elit .
Aliquam ut urna .
Mauris nulla .
Donec nec mauris .
Proin nulla dolor , bibendum et , dapibus in , euismod ut , felis .
</p> < img src=" thumbnails/image-two.jpg " alt = " Image Two " /> </li> </ul >
Each “ li ” above represents an image .
The “ h3 ” content becomes the title for the image and the “ p ” the description .
The “ span ” content is the path to the fullsize image .
You can set different parameters like image speed , opacity , required color for letterbox on portrait images , set slideshow to auto or not , etc …
Check out the demo here
Sexy Lightbox 2 is a sexier and lighter clone of the classic Lightbox .
Supports displaying images and HTML elements .
Sexy Lightbox is compatible with HTML , means that you can display items , pages , videos , and all you want to display within the lightbox .
Large Images automatically adjusted to the size of the browser window .
Requires Mootools framework .
Check out the demo here
Was was inspired by the extJS border - layout .
The UI .
Layout plug - in can create any UI look you want – from simple headers or sidebars , to a complex application with toolbars , menus , help - panels , status bars , sub - forms , etc .
Features include :
unlimited layout capabilities : up to 5 regions per layout – unlimited regions using nesting
total CSS control : dozens of auto - generated classes let you recreate ANY UI look
use any elements : use divs , iframes or any elements you want as ‘ panes ’
collapsable : each pane can be closed , using any UI animation you want
resizable , hidable & slidable
Check out the demos here
The Conservative party wants to cut $ 200 million from the CBC ’s parliamentary grant , claims an independent watchdog of Canadian programming .
In an e-mail sent out yesterday ( December 4 ) by Friends of Canadian Broadcasting , spokesperson Ian Morrison claimed that a confidential source had alerted the organization of “ Conservative plans to slash a devastating $ 200 million from the CBC ’s parliamentary grant ” .
" It ’s a source that we know and that we trust and that has seen the document , " Morrison told the Straight in a phone call .
" The document exists .
It ’s official enough that it exists in two official languages .
It ’s not just some kind of casual memo .
Its status is that it ’s a document of the Conservative Party of Canada , not the government of Canada ....
We interpret it as a policy proposal from somebody fairly high in the Conservative party . "
If true , the cut could cripple Canada ’s national broadcaster , which received $ 974.3 million in operating funding and $ 93.1 million on amortisation of deferred capital funding from the feds in 2007 ; down from 2006 , when it received $ 1 billion in operating funding and $ 118 million on amortisation of deferred capital funding .
The CBC ’s total expenses in both years was $ 1.7 billion ; a loss of $ 200 million would mean more than a 20 - percent cut in the broadcaster ’s operating grant .
As it is , the broadcaster has already been struggling to deal with increasingly tight finances .
In March , citing budgetary concerns , it announced it would disband the CBC Radio Orchestra , which played its last concert in November .
And last month , a leaked internal CBC memo from president Hubert T. Lacroix noted the broadcaster was facing a $ 45 - million budget shortfall , due to a decline in ad revenues , and would be implementing a freeze on discretionary spending .
The $ 200 - million cut would also be a slap in the face to the federal standing committee on Canadian Heritage , which recommended in a February 2008 report that the CBC ’s core funding be increased “ to an amount equivalent to at least $ 40 per capita ” .
That recommendation was dismissed in the government ’s June 2008 response to the report , written by then minister of heritage Josée Verner , which stated , “ By setting clearer goals and using more effective performance measurements , CBC / Radio - Canada will be better able to demonstrate to Canadians that it is acting as a responsible and accountable public institution .
CBC / Radio-Canada is expected to make the best use of its existing resources , which currently exceed $ 1 billion annually . ”
Had Governor General Michaí«lle Jean , a former CBC journalist and broadcaster , rejected Stephen Harper ’s request yesterday to prorogue Parliament , making way for the Liberal - NDP coalition to take power , she could have helped secure the future of her former employer : both the Liberals and the NDP have repeatedly stated they support increased funding for the arts , and the NDP made campaign promises to increase funding to the CBC .
Now that the coalition is reported to be on shaky ground , the future of Canada ’s public broadcaster is looking increasingly bleak .
An Illinois court will eventually decide if Governor Rod Blagojevich is guilty of corruption .
But on at least one issue he is more law - abiding than Majority Leader Harry Reid and fellow Democrats : the seating of Roland Burris to replace Barack Obama in the U.S. Senate .
Mr. Blagojevich appointed Mr. Burris to represent Illinois on Tuesday , ahead of the official start of the 111th Congress next week .
This was certainly an act of brash defiance given that nearly everyone had warned the Governor not to do so after he was heard ...
Dear EarthTalk : I came home today to yet another set of phone books at my front door .
I feel they are a great waste of paper , especially in this electronic age .
How can I stop getting these books ?
Better yet :
How can we get the phone companies to stop making them ?
-- Bill Jones , via e-mail
Many of us have little or no use for phone books anymore .
While such directories are helpful for that occasional look - up of a service provider or pizza place , consumers and businesses increasingly rely on the Internet to find goods and services .
Directory publishers usually do make their listings available online nowadays , too , but the books are still money - makers for them as prints ads fetch top dollar even though their effectiveness is waning and much harder to track .
According to the nonprofit YellowPagesGoesGreen.org , more than 500 million phone directories — nearly two books for every American — are printed and distributed every year in the U.S. , taking with them some 19 million trees .
Upwards of 1.6 billion pounds of paper are generated to produce the books from these felled trees , while 7.2 million barrels of oil are churned through in creating them ( not including the gasoline used for local deliveries ) .
Producing the directories also uses up 3.2 billion kilowatt hours of electricity and generates 268,000 cubic yards of solid waste that ends up in landfills ( not including the books themselves , many of which eventually end up in landfills in areas where recycling is not available or convenient ) .
Unfortunately , there is no centralized way for consumers to opt- out of receiving the big books like the National Do Not Call Registry for telemarketing .
Most individual yellow and white page publishers have “ no deliver ” lists they can add you to , but they will not be held accountable if the books show up anyway .
The YellowPagesGoesGreen.org website will find your local / regional directory pages publishers and ask them not to deliver on your behalf .
The site warns , though , that there are no guarantees with this either .
For their part , directory publishers insist they have made great strides in recent years to operate in an environmentally responsible manner .
The Yellow Pages Association ( YPA ) and the Association of Directory Publishers ( ADP ) have collaborated on formal guidelines calling for source reduction in the production of directories , environmentally sensitive manufacturing practices and enhanced recycling programs .
About 90 percent of industry members have adopted the guidelines so far .
Examples in practice include the use of water soluble inks and recycling - friendly glues , not to mention forsaking the use of virgin trees in their books ( many books are made from recycled old phone books , mixed with scrap wood ; see a previous column that discussed this : www.emagazine.com/view/?3651).
Because of widespread and increasing use of the Internet , many sources of information — from newspapers and magazines to newsletters and , yes , directories — are forsaking print for online placement .
So it is really just a matter of time before phone directories follow that lead .
In the meantime , asking to be removed from the delivery list of your local directory publisher can only help to hasten that inevitability .
CONTACTS : YellowPagesGoesGreen.org , www.yellowpagesgoesgreen.org; Yellow Pages Association ( YPA ) , www.ypassociation.org; Association of Directory Publishers ( ADP ) , www.adp.org.
EarthTalk is produced by E / The Environmental Magazine .
GOT AN ENVIRONMENTAL QUESTION ?
Send it to : EarthTalk , c/o E / The Environmental Magazine , P.O. Box 5098 , Westport , CT 06881 ; submit it at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalk/thisweek/, or e-mail : earthtalk@emagazine.com .
Read past columns at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalk/archives.php.
Philip Jose Farmer is Dead
Farmer is the one reclining on the bed on the right , planning on how he 's going to seduce the pretty lady on the floor on the bottom left
Space Chimp : the 13th apostle
Author Philip Jose Farmer is now dead .
He made it to 91 years old , and he wrote something like a hundred thousand novels and ten million short stories .
He was one of those autistic , jaw - dropping science - fiction madmen of the post - war generation who brought the discipline of the Great Depression to bear on literature and who treated writing like a bodily function , and not some precious bit of hobby quilting or emotional catharsis .
I confess : I never read any of Farmer 's books while he was alive .
The horrible truth about " science - fiction " writers is that even the best ones may only make the news twice in their lives : when they win an award and when they die .
So I confess : I 'd never heard of him until I saw his obituary in the New York Times .
But now , with my eyes opened , I am definitely going to read his Riverworld books .
I am going to buy one of them tonight .
You should , too .
Maybe the money will help keep his publisher alive in these doomed days and will help keep some other Philip Farmer writing and feeding his or her kids .
The Riverworld books sound like exactly what I have always wanted to read .
Do you know how hard it is to come up with that kind of thing ?
Alright , here 's the premise : when the world is annihilated by aliens , everyone who has ever lived on Earth ( including a pissed - off Jesus Christ ) is reincarnated on a new planet that consists of one giant river with ( of course ) two banks .
Everybody is reborn at age 25 , is immortal , and has a grail attached to their wrist that fills up with food and drugs three times a day .
The books follow the adventures of Sir Richard Burton ( translator of the " Arabian Nights " ) , Samuel Clemens , and a repentant , drug - addicted Herman Goerring as they try to get to the source of the river to find out " what the fuck .
" This sounds like the apotheosis of all fan - fiction : a universe where all the world 's heroes and finest minds get together to ride around on steamships , fly dirigibles , and contemplate the mysteries of existence .
They eat , they fuck , they argue , they get high !
Yes !
Other neat stories about Dead Mr. Farmer : he once got into a fight with Kurt Vonnegut because he once wrote a book under the pen name of Vonnegut 's creation " Kilgore Trout " called " Venus on the Half - Shell .
" Vonnegut was n't mad at Farmer because the book was bad .
Vonnegut was mad at him because the book was too GOOD , prompting critics and reviewers to consider it a worthy addition to venerable , populist Kurt Vonnegut 's hip , literary oeuvre .
Farmer also wrote full - length fictional biographies of Tarzan and Doc Savage .
He wrote a series of novels about a pantheon of mad gods who create torture - worlds in stacked concentric circles in some distant alien cosmos .
Their tortured creations rebel , and the pillars of the universe are shaken .
He also wrote a book called " Jesus on Mars . "
The title is not a cute metaphor .
Additionally , Farmer was the first science - fiction writer to ever write about sex in his short story called " The Lovers . "
Evidently , Farmer was a demon with a mission : to make the science - fiction world dirty and harsh , and to fill it with his own obsessions , dreams , and perversions .
He was an artist .
He was in it for the chance to be in it .
You do n't see writers like Philip Farmer around very much anymore .
He was one of the last of his kind , and he will be remembered as a brave soul : a golden hack that used the sharp ax of his mind to carve out whole new universes and fill them with his own horny Pinocchios and cruel Frankensteins .
Seeya round , Mr. Farmer .
You lived a long , inspiring , productive life , and now you can rest for awhile until the aliens get here and it's time to start all over again .
__1643 : __Italian astronomer Giovanni Riccioli discovers a faint glow on the night side of the planet Venus .
Other astronomers over the ensuing centuries will also observe the Ashen Light , but one of the longest - running mysteries of astronomy still defies conclusive explanations .
Riccioli was an astronomer of some repute .
Working in the first generation after Galileo , he discovered that Mizar ( the middle star in the handle of the Big Dipper ) is actually a double star – the first one known .
He also discovered satellite shadows on Jupiter and published a map of our moon 's surface .
The names he assigned ( e.g. , Sea of Tranquility , Sea of Storms ) are still used today .
The faint luminescence Riccioli saw 366 years ago has been seen many times since , by professionals and amateurs alike .
It 's also not been seen by many who were looking for it .
Its apparent intermittence and the lack of a satisfactory explanation has led some to chalk it up to observer error , distortion caused by Earth 's atmosphere and / or artifacts induced by telescope optics .
But , still : 366 years of similar observations ?
Those who 've seen the Ashen Light of Venus report it looks a lot like the reflected " Earthshine " that sometimes casts a dull glow on the moon , but not even that bright .
It 's most easily sighted when the dusk edge of the sunlight on Venus faces Earth .
The U.S. Pioneer mission and the Soviet Venera 11 and 12 landers looked for it without any luck .
The Keck I telescope in Hawaii did spot a faint , green glow consistent with the 558 - nanometer emission of oxygen atoms .
It seemed possible that UV sunlight breaks abundant carbon dioxide molecules into carbon monoxide molecules and oxygen , with the single oxygen atoms emitting green light when they recombine into two - atom oxygen molecules .
However , that emission would be too weak for all the amateur telescopes to have detected over the years .
Another possibility is multiple lightning flashes .
During Venus flybys in 1998 and 1999 , the Cassini spacecraft failed to detect the high - frequency radio noise that lightning would be expected to generate – like AM radio static during terrestrial thunderstorms .
On the other hand , " observations of Venus ' ionosphere ... reveal strong , circularly polarized , electromagnetic waves with frequencies near 100 Hz [ that ] have the expected properties of whistler - mode signals generated by lightning discharges in Venus ' clouds . "
It 's also possible the Ashen Light of Venus is caused by solar particles energizing the atmosphere like the terrestrial Aurorae Borealis and Australis – hence its evanescence .
Or it 's some previously unknown combination of things we understand .
Or something we do n't understand at all .
Source : Eastbay Astronomical Society
What is really most disturbing about this video is not a muslim man beating a woman .
Cowardly men from all walks of life , all religions , all countries , beat weaker people .
It gives them some sort of warped sense of power .
What is really disturbing is all the muslim men hanging around to watch the abuse .
Not one of them tries to protect or defend this poor woman .
They just enjoy the show , and are probably ready to shield the abusive muslim man from any infidels who try to help the woman .
This is one of the most fundamental differences between Islamic societies ( even those within Western countries ) and America .
Say what you want about Americans , but had this coward tried this on an American street corner , especially in the south , he would have been beaten to a bloody pulp .
I know our muji-loving posters will come out saying " this is n't islam !
Islam respects women ! "
But this video shows a dozen muslim men doing nothing .
They are doing nothing because this IS islam .
This behavior is perfectly acceptable to them , and they have their " holy " book to support them .
They beat women who do n't obey .
A milder than usual U.S. flu season is masking a growing concern about widespread resistance to the antiviral drug Tamiflu and what that means for the nation ’s preparedness in case of a dangerous pandemic flu .
Tamiflu , the most commonly used influenza antiviral and the mainstay of the federal government ’s emergency drug stockpile , no longer works for the dominant flu strain circulating in much of the country , government officials said this week .
Of samples tested since October , almost 100 % of the strain -- known as type A H1N1 -- showed resistance to Tamiflu .
In response , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued new guidelines to physicians in December .
Doctors were told to substitute an alternative antiviral , Relenza , for Tamiflu , or to combine Tamiflu with an older antiviral , rimantadine , if the H1N1 virus was the main strain circulating in their communities .
Advertisement
Each flu season , several types of flu viruses circulate , and various ones can dominate in different regions and times .
Only the H1N1 virus is showing signs of Tamiflu resistance , CDC officials said , speaking at an influenza conference in Washington .
Other flu viruses currently circulating are not Tamiflu - resistant .
Each year , the three most prominent flu strains -- two type A’s and one type B -- are chosen for the creation of the flu vaccine .
Unlike last year , both of the A viruses matched this year ’s vaccine , although the B did not , officials said .
Public health experts recommend flu shots as the best way to avoid the virus .
Advertisement
Health officials have long urged constraint in using antivirals out of fear that , as with antibiotics , misuse could lead flu viruses to develop a resistance , rendering the drug ineffective when it was truly needed .
Tamiflu , which is known generically as oseltamivir , and Relenza , or zanamivir , came on the market 10 years ago .
They were hailed as being more effective at treating the flu and having fewer side effects than the older antivirals rimantadine and amantadine .
They were also lauded as being much less prone to develop resistance .
Tamiflu and Relenza have been stockpiled by the federal government for treating the public in case of the emergence of a dangerous pandemic flu .
Four times as many Tamiflu doses have been stockpiled as Relenza doses .
Some microbiologists have argued that Tamiflu is more likely to develop resistance than Relenza .
Therefore , they say , Relenza should make up at least 50 % of the stockpiled antivirals .
Advertisement
“ There have been people , and I ’m one of them , that have suggested that there be more of an equal stockpiling of oseltamivir and zanamivir , ” said Dr. Anne Moscona , a pediatrician and professor of microbiology and immunology at New York - Presbyterian Hospital / Weill Cornell Medical Center .
Both drugs reduce the replication of influenza viruses by blocking an enzyme called neuraminidase .
To do so , they slip into a pocket in the enzyme .
The pocket has to change shape to accommodate Tamiflu , but not Relenza .
If a mutation in the virus stops the pocket from changing shape , Tamiflu can no longer slip in to do its work , Moscona said .
Tamiflu became the more popular drug because it can be taken orally in pill or liquid form , whereas Relenza must be inhaled and ca n’t be used by young children or the elderly .
What mystifies infectious disease experts and microbiologists is that the Tamiflu - resistant strain now circulating appears to be a mutation that spread naturally , not as a response to antiviral use .
Advertisement
“ We do n’t think it ’s due to overuse , ” said Dr. Anthony Fiore , a CDC epidemiologist .
“ There ’s not as large amount of use of oseltamivir as there might be with antibiotics . ”
Influenza viruses are RNA - based , which are error - prone when replicating .
This means they change rapidly , Fiore said .
If a change occurs that confers an advantage of some sort , then it ’s likely to be passed on .
Viruses also swap genes among themselves , and one fear is that the resistance mutation will be passed on to other flu viruses , including the deadly H5N1 bird flu circulating in Asia .
For now , H5N1 responds to Tamiflu , although it must be administered early .
The virus is more than 60 % fatal in humans .
Advertisement
--
mary.engel@latimes.com
Note : OnlyKnives may receive a small commission from our partner should you choose to purchase this item
20 . Rachael Ray
Is Rachael Ray overexposed ?
Author , TV show host , cookware endorser , and now pinup girl .
She 's certainly one of the most recognizable and powerful women on TV today .
But her personality and great looks has won over many a fan , and she 's got some cooking chops too .
Me ?
I just say " Eh " .
She still makes the list , but just barely .
19 . Shahena Ali
Possibly the best looking Accountant - turned - Chef in the world , Shahena is a regular columnist for Zaikha Magazine and has appeared several times on BBC Great Food Live .
While she might be a " minor " celebrity , she 's a " major " looker .
18 . Laura Calder
Laura 's our pick for best - looking Canadian Celebrity Chef -- she grew up in New Brunswick and now calls Toronto home .
She 's best known for her work hosting the Food Network 's French Food at Home and is also the author of a similarly - titled cookbook .
17 . Mary Nolan
How , exactly , does one get to be the host of a Food Network series ?
Mary Nolan seemingly came out of nowhere to grab the host slot for Chic & Easy .
Turns out , she applied to be a contestant on reality show The Next Food Network Star and was offered her own show on the spot !
Probably does n't hurt that she 's so darn cute .
Mary could even move higher if she 'd opt for a better chef 's knife .
16 . Devin Alexander
It 's hard to believe that Devin lost fifty - five pounds fifteen years ago , until you take a look at her cookbooks .
She 's written four of 'em , including The Biggest Loser Cookbook , which is a companion to the hit weight - loss reality show .
She 's also host of Healthy Decadence with Devin Alexander .
I do n't know what she 'd look like with fifty - five pounds added to that frame but she 's looking pretty good right now .
15 . Casey Thompson
Executive chef at Shinsei in Dallas , Casy is best known for being a finalist on Top Chef Miami .
Does that make her a celebrity ?
Maybe not , but she looks so darn good , I do n't think anyone will object .
14 . Tina Nordstrom
Tina crossed over from being a Swedish Celebrity Chef to being an International one when she became the host of PBS ' New Scandinavian Cooking .
She also showed off her versatility by winning the Swedish version of Dancing With the Stars .
Jättegott , Tina !
13 . Sunny Anderson
Sunny is a staple on American food shows -- she 's the host of How'd That Get On My Plate ? , Cooking for Real and has co-hosted Gotta Get It .
She 's also not afraid to put her pretty mug next to a tray of doughnuts , which is a bonus in my book .
12 . Sandra Lee
Okay , I know some will say that Sandra 's not a " real " Chef .
But c'mon , she 's authored thirteen cookbooks and has hosted a top- rated cooking show on The Food Network for six years running .
And just take a look at her !
11 . Katie Lee Joel
Katie 's done just about everything there is to do in the land of Celebrity Chefs -- hosted a TV show , written a cookbook and married a non-Chef Celebrity .
Is she any good at any of it ?
That 's not really for me to say -- I just think she 's hot .
Software maker Mozilla has launched a prototype of its new web - based XHTML code editor .
It ’s called Bespin , and it ’s still in the demo stage , but the app is live and you can test it out right now .
The logo pretty much says it all — it ’s a code editor that lives in the cloud .
It definitely fills a need seeing how many web developers and programmers are working in co-ops or coffee shops , or collaborating with others from a home office .
You get all of the advantages of a webapp — a synchronized work environment , real - time collaboration tools and access to your files from anywhere — without the pains of other web - based writing tools .
For example , the most popular web - based editors like Google Docs and Zoho Writer do n’t handle code well at all .
They ’re mostly for writing regular old text docs .
Bespin gives you coder must - haves like syntax highlighting and line numbering .
The team plans to add emulation modes for vi and emacs ( for the die - hards out there ) .
I took Bespin for a spin , and my first impressions are positive .
There are some simple web - based code editors already out there , like 9ne and Codepad , but Bepsin looks like it will be far more robust once it ’s fleshed out a little more .
Also , it ’s open - source , so you can download the code and run it on your own production server .
Of course , purely taken as a code editing tool , Bespin would n’t be worth it ’s weight in cold salt if it was n’t at least as fast as BBEdit , the current king of all desktop code editors , or TextMate and Coda , the runners up .
It ’s really fast , but it ’s not quite as fast as a desktop app yet .
However , Bespin ’s price point ( free ) certainly gives it an edge over commercial desktop options .
Here ’s a video :
Introducing Bespin from Dion Almaer on Vimeo .
PS : Bespin ’s creators are our buddies Ben and Dion from the excellent developer site , Ajaxian .
Congrats , guys !
When Star Trek designer Mike Okuda began remastering the original Star Trek episodes for a series of DVD releases , there was a chance that the show ’s more devoted fans would want him beamed to a Klingon prison planet for altering the 1960s classic .
Now , three gleaming DVD sets later , the remastered versions are a welcome addition to the robust franchise .
" The final DVD installment arrived just before Thanksgiving , and there are still a few fans who seem determined to be disagreeable , " Okuda ( pictured ) told Wired.com .
" But that ’s probably just a side effect of the anonymity of the internet .
The overwhelming majority seems to appreciate the work , even if some disagree with our choices . "
The remastered episodes look and sound crisp , thanks to digitally restored imagery and audio .
But the more daring work involved updating the shows ’ visual effects with CGI to bring them more in line with the look and quality of later Trek efforts .
Alternately bold and subtle effects , from more realistic planets and spaceships to a blinking Gorn , bring the show up - to - date without destroying the classic appeal of the original .
( See a remastered scene from " The Doomsday Machine , " embedded . )
Okuda says he was wary when he and his wife and partner , Denise , first heard about the remastering effort in early 2006 .
" The notion of redoing the visual effects for the original Star Trek had been raised several times over the past decade or so by several different parties , " Okuda said .
" And , of course , the idea has occurred to nearly every fan . "
Okuda says he was initially reluctant to get involved with the project due to scheduling problems , but also because of reservations he had about tweaking the sci - fi classic .
Talking with Remastered Trek producer Dave Rossi about the project , Okuda insisted that the new effects would have to be closely based on the originals to retain the visual spirit of the ’60s series .
He made suggestions about what to update , and warned about possible pitfalls , with Rossi listening patiently , according to Okuda .
" Finally , he interrupted me and said something like , ‘ Look , if you feel this strongly about it , why do n’t you come on board ?
Otherwise , do n’t complain , ’" Okuda said .
" Think about it .
If someone offered you a job as producer — even retroactively — on the original Star Trek , what would you do ?
Turn it down ?
I do n’t think so . "
Apart from some of the more militant die - hard fans , response to the new versions has been positive .
But Okuda said the best response came when Bob Justman , one of the original series ’ producers , called him out of the blue .
" He was one of the people whose sheer determination and ingenuity and hard work made the original Star Trek what it was , " Okuda said .
" So when Bob called and started talking about the remastered episodes , I was more than a little nervous .
To my relief and joy , he said he loved them .
" He said that he loved the remastered episodes — that the new versions looked the way he ’d always wanted them to look . "
Images courtesy Paramount
See also :
List of spending " cuts " in Senate bill
A list of programs cut ( actually reduced proposed allocations ) from the House / Obama bill by Senate negotiators , put together by a Republican leadership aide :
$ 40 billion State Fiscal Stabilization
$ 16 billion School Construction
$ 1.25 billion project - based rental
$ 2.25 Neighborhood Stabilization ( Eliminate )
$ 1.2 billion in Retrofiting Project 8 Housing
$ 7.5 billion of State Incentive Grants
$ 3.5 billion Higher Ed Construction ( Eliminated )
$ 100 million FSA modernization
$ 50 million CSERES Research
$ 65 million Watershed Rehab
$ 30 million SD Salaries
$ 100 million Distance Learning
$ 98 million School Nutrition
$ 50 million aquaculture
$ 2 billion broadband
$ 1 billion Head Start / Early Start
$ 5.8 billion Health Prevention Activity .
$ 2 billion HIT Grants
$ 1 billion Energy Loan Guarantees
$ 4.5 billion GSA
$ 3.5 billion Federal Bldgs Greening
( Smaller cuts -- $ 10 - $ 600 million -- after the jump )
$ 100 million NIST
$ 100 million NOAA
$ 100 million Law Enforcement Wireless
$ 50 million Detention Trustee
$ 25 million Marshalls Construction
$ 100 million FBI Construction
$ 300 million Federal Prisons
$ 300 million BYRNE Formula
$ 140 million BYRNE Competitive
$ 10 million State and Local Law Enforcement
$ 50 million NASA
$ 50 million Aeronautics
$ 50 million Exploration
$ 50 million Cross Agency Support
$ 200 million NSF
$ 100 million Science
$ 89 million GSA Operations
$ 300 million Fed Hybrid Vehicles
$ 50 million from DHS
$ 200 million TSA
$ 122 million for Coast Guard Cutters , modifies use
$ 25 million Fish and Wildlife
$ 55 million Historic Preservation
$ 20 million working capital fund
$ 200 million Superfund
$ 165 million Forest Svc Capital Improvement
$ 90 million State & Private Wildlife Fire Management
$ 75 million Smithsonian
$ 600 million Title I ( NCLB )
Glenn
Thrush is senior staff writer at Politico Magazine .
Please , Cash4Gold , do n't hurt 'em .
Photos : Matt Sayles / Associated Press ; Jeff Chiu / Associated Press
Cash4Gold.com , the " As Seen On TV " meltdown factory that solicits baggies of your unused chains , rings , coins and earrings in exchange for a bit of quick cash , has kicked a PR field goal .
The company said today it had signed Ed McMahon and MC Hammer to star in a commercial for Sunday 's Super Bowl , one of the last few slots NBC had available .
Hammer will bring a veteran 's touch to the endeavor , having starred in this Lay 's Super Bowl spot in 2005 .
And McMahon is no stranger to corporate sponsorship himself .
In fact , when they finally establish the Hall O' Fame for Eazy Money Infomercials , Cash4 Gold may end up right alongside McMahon alma mater Publishers Clearing House .
It 's not clear to me whether there 's an intentional ironic element here , given that both Hammer and McMahon are famous for their serious financial woes .
Hammer blew through a multimillion - dollar fortune in a few years , and McMahon recently contended with a near - foreclosure on his Beverly Hills home .
On the other hand , it could be a brilliant sympathy play .
Times are just as tough for these faded stars as they are for average Americans .
Which is why , obviously , we should all dross our valuables .
" As a nation , we are in uncharted economic territory , and Cash4 Gold ’s rapid growth is a clear indicator of our new reality , " CEO Jeff Aronson said in a press release trumpeting the signings .
“ Since the credit and housing market collapses , Americans are feeling strapped for cash .
Cash4Gold.com has become the reliable source of fast cash for anyone who needs it , without driving them any further into debt . ”
For his part , Hammer seems excited about the whole affair .
He sent out a tweet today noting he was on his way to Tampa : " Got to work that SuperBowl .... ' Melting Gold Baby ' .... fun commercial !!! "
Let 's hope that he was just typing hastily there , and that the commercial is n't actually called " Melting Gold Baby . "
That would be an immodest proposal indeed .
-- David Sarno
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Pay cuts could be coming to a corner office near you , even if you 're not the CEO of a troubled bank .
The new federal rules limiting executive compensation announced by President Obama Wednesday may affect only a handful of the nation 's most battered financial institutions currently .
But experts say the moves could be a sign of more government action on the issue of executive pay in the future .
Executive pay activists say the attention being given to the $ 18 billion in Wall Street bonuses at the same time many financial firms are losing money and tapping hundreds of billions of federal funds is making it easier for politicians to justify why salaries should be cut .
Alexander Cwirko - Godycki , research manager for executive compensation research firm Equilar , said that the U.S. public , not just Corporate America , has been reluctant to accept anything that smacks of pay caps in the past .
But he said that the mood is now changing .
" In this case , it 's the first time it 's palatable to most people .
There 's a total lack of trust on Main Street for Wall Street , " he said .
This time , it 's different
To be sure , this is not the first time Washington has tried to put caps on executive pay .
But activists seem to be more encouraged that change will actually be effective this time
" This is different .
The arguments against curbs do n't make sense any longer .
My friends will bring up the issue even before I do .
Opinion has been galvanized , " said Robert McCormick , chief policy officer for Glass Lewis & Co. , a research firm advising institutional investors .
McCormick said it is almost certain that so called " say on pay " rules will pass Congress and be signed into law this year .
In fact , Obama was a co-sponsor on such a measure when he was in Congress .
These rules allow for nonbinding shareholder votes on pay packages , and experts note that they have helped curb compensation in other countries , such as the United Kingdom ..
But some are hoping for even more far reaching measures to combat excessive salaries and bonuses .
Nell Minow , co-founder of The Corporate Library , an indepedent corporate governance research firm , said a government - mandated change in rules on the election of corporate directors would be a far more effective way to rein in pay .
" The only thing that will make any difference is the ability to for shareholders to get rid of bad directors who vote for these bad pay packages , " she said .
" That way , once in a while , a director is going to say , ' Gee , I could vote for this pay plan , but maybe the shareholders would n't like it . ' "
2008 pay numbers could spark another outcry
Minow and Cwirko - Godycki both expect modest declines in average executive pay when the numbers for 2008 are reported in the coming month .
But they think the drop is likely to be nowhere near as much as the forecast 12 % decline in corporate earnings among S&P 500 companies , let alone the 38 % decline in the value of their stocks .
And one expert , former compensation consultant Graef Crystal , who has been calling for changes to pay packages for the last 20 years , says he actually thinks CEO pay will be up in 2008 .
Crystal said he 's afraid that even if cash compensation is curbed somewhat , an increase in the issuance of stock and options will more than make up for the lower salaries .
" Executives do n't like to go quietly in the night .
Their idea of a Draconian sacrifice is to make the same money they did last year , " he said .
But Minow said the fact that financial firms are likely to be forced to cut pay will remove one of the prime drivers of higher executive pay across corporate America .
" What happened was , you were the CEO of a big manufacturing company , you 're visited by your investment banker .
He 's no smarter than you .
He 's not running a company larger than yours .
But he 's making three times as much money as you did .
That made a lot of CEOs mad . "
Sally Mangina replaces Barb Cothren , who stepped down as IWU women 's tennis coach this spring but remains on staff as physical education department head and as a teacher .
Mangina , a 1971 Bloomington Central Catholic graduate , is president of the Bloomington - Normal Tennis Association and has served as director for various tournaments , including the Twin City Open , the Metro tournament , and the U.S. Tennis Association Illinois state juniors event .
With 40 years of tennis experience , Mangina has been ranked in both singles and doubles in Middle Illinois throughout her playing career .
She has been a USTA league state tennis champion five times , played singles in the national 1990 4.0 USTA league and played doubles on the 1997 national 4.5 USTA league , where the team placed fifth .
She has played twice in the pro-am of the State Farm Evert Cup / Newsweek Challenge in Indian Wells , Calif .
Mangina has worked for 28 years at State Farm Insurance , currently serving as a function director in Systems .
She and her husband , Gary , have three children , Tony , Vince , and Jennifer , and live in rural Bloomington .
In a statement issued by the SEC , Cox said the review would " cover the internal policies at the SEC governing when allegations such as those in this case should be raised to the Commission level , whether those policies were followed , and whether improvements to those policies are necessary . "
The investigation will also include all staff contact and relationships with the Madoff family and firm , and their impact , if any , on decisions by SEC staff regarding the firm .
The Inspector General 's office declined to comment on the request , which is expected to come as soon as today .
The inspector general , David Kotz , has issued a number of reports in recent months critical of the agency for being too close to entities it regulates .
( See more below . )
The 70 - year - old Madoff ( pronounced MAY - doff ) , well respected in the investment community after serving as chairman of the Nasdaq Stock Market , was arrested last week in what prosecutors say was a $ 50 billion scheme to defraud investors .
Should the Inspector General decide to investigate , it would become one of a number of probes taking shape in Washington into whether the SEC gave any sort of preferential treatment to Madoff 's firm .
Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd has already reportedly asked the SEC for information regarding the scandal .
The ranking Republican on the Senate Finance Committee , Charles Grassley of Iowa , has been sharply critical of the agency — especially in light of the recent Inspector General reports — and could also jump into the fray .
More From CNBC.com
Restoring Trust : Watching Wall Street in 2009
Cramer : This Game Is Rigged
Slideshow : Notable Sex Scandals
Among the key questions facing the agency : why the Madoff firm was not examined by the agency after it became a registered investment advisor in 2006 , and why earlier inquiries into Madoff 's operations did not turn up the alleged scam .
Madoff 's alleged victims include the family charitable foundation for Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D - N.J. ; a charitable trust tied to real estate magnate Mortimer Zuckerman ; and a charity of movie director Steven Spielberg .
The Wall Street Journal reported DreamWorks Animation SKG Chief Executive Jeffrey Katzenberg and the foundation of Nobel laureate Elie Wiesel also took hits .
As the scale of the alleged scheme was realized , attention turned quickly to Madoff 's connections to Washington regulators responsible for monitoring investment funds like the one Madoff operated .
For Investors :
For After - Hours Dow 30 Quotes , Click Here
He knew everyone , former SEC chairman Arthur Levitt said in an interview with The Associated Press .
Levitt said he did not invest any money with Madoff .
The director for enforcement at the SEC , Linda Thomsen , said the government was working with federal prosecutors and the FBI to understand the case , " to pursue the case we 've got , to preserve assets to the extent we were able and to bring everyone who was responsible for the conduct at the Madoff firm . "
At one SEC hearing in April 2004 — during the period when Madoff is accused of carrying out his $ 50 billion fraud — Madoff joked with then - commission chairman William Donaldson about Madoff 's own extraordinary profits and teased that he was n't inclined to provide any advice that might help his business rivals .
Green car owners have apparently complained in such large numbers that the Honda Civic Hybrid is n’t living up to high mileage claims that the carmaker has approached U.S. government regulators about revising its mileage guidelines , according to a lawsuit by one Honda hybrid owner .
A California appellate opinion filed on Monday showed that a Honda customer service representative told Gaetano Paduano , the dissatisfied owner of a 2004 Honda hybrid , that the company had received “ a high number of complaints ” that the sedan achieves significantly less than its promised mileage of 47 - plus miles per gallon .
The rep also told Paduano that the company and rival Toyota have approached the U.S. EPA to change the mileage rating on their hybrid cars , the opinion said .
Another Honda rep told Paduano that he probably could n’t achieve the advertised mileage by driving the vehicle like a conventional car , despite claims to the contrary in a Honda brochure advertising the vehicle , the opinion said .
A Honda spokesman would not comment on the pending litigation .
Paduano ’s lawsuit , filed in 2005 , follows at least one other legal action over low mileage complaints for the Honda Civic Hybrid , the other filed in U.S. District Court and decided last year .
The San Diego based appeals court ruled that Paduano can go ahead with his false advertising lawsuit against Honda in a California state court .
Comment The British Government plans to make it illegal to have sex with a prostitute if said tart has been trafficked , or is being controlled .
Nor will this crime will be limited to offences committed in the UK - it will apply to what British men get up to wherever in the world they may be .
Now I 'm a classically liberal type , and I 'm naturally against the criminalisation of something that no society has ever managed to extinguish .
But leaving that aside , I think this is a great example of how law is now made .
Stir up a fuss , lie repeatedly , change the definitions and then do what you wanted to in the first place anyway .
Just as they did with passive smoking and pubs .
Start with a certain view of human sexuality , that all male purchases of sex from women are part of the oppression of women .
Thus this is an activity which must be made illegal , or as illegal as the society at large is prepared to allow us to make it .
While most do n't go as far as I do in lauding the liberties of consenting adults , most are also aware that it can be the very illegality of an activity which causes some of the problems associated with it .
A straight ban ( aha , aha , for the way the law is drafted it does n't cover male from male or female from female purchases ) simply would n't gather the number of votes needed to pass , so something else is required .
What could that be ?
Well , why do n't we change the definition of " consenting adult " ?
And that is precisely what has happened .
First we change the meaning of the word " trafficked " .
In normal parlance we would think that the proposed law is about sex slavery .
This does indeed happen , is barbarous and is already highly illegal .
Some naive teenager is tricked into arriving here for a job as a waitress , is locked up and then repeatedly raped then forced to service punters with the money going to her captors .
As I say , this does happen but the question is , how often ?
" As for trafficking , the only official report from the police operation Pentameter 1 shows a tiny proportion , just 0.11 per cent , of people in the sex industry have in fact been trafficked .
A subsequent operation , Pentameter 2 , found 167 trafficked people , which is still only 0.21 per cent . "
So broaden your definition
Ah , right , so not that often then .
Hmm , so how are we going to do this then , how are we going to get people to support our desired ban or near ban on the sex trade ?
Well , why not change the definition of trafficked , boost our numbers and then capitalise on peoples ' righteous disgust of sex slavery ?
My word , that 's easy is n't it ?
" We primed the telephone researchers to look for evidence of trafficking .
There was plenty .
Brothels offered women of 77 different nationalities and ethnicities , including many from known - source countries for trafficking . "
Eh ?
Evidence of being foreign is evidence of having been trafficked ?
Something of a pity that economics is not taught in more depth perhaps .
Gary Becker , decades ago , pointed out that entering prostitution does n't particularly enhance your social capital .
Indeed , it 's a pretty good indicator of harming or lowering it .
It 's one of the reasons that it 's relatively highly paid ( as Heinlein pointed out , only on Earth could you get a shortage of what every woman has an infinite supply of ) , because over and above the actual hours worked there is a destruction of that social capital .
People who decide to enter the trade then often decide to do so some distance from their home ground .
Another part of town perhaps , another town ... or , in this age of vastly greater mobility , cheap airfares and 500 million with the freedom to travel anywhere across a continent , another country .
But by making this connection we 've enabled ourselves to greatly increase the number of trafficked women .
To the estimates of 8,000 ( or 10 per cent and higher ) that you see bandied about carelessly .
There will of course be women who have been smuggled in , or who entered on false documents , but who did so knowing what they were getting into .
But we now include them as trafficked as well .
Excellent , so we 've now blown the problem up , made it appear very much larger than it actually is .
This also helps :
" I 've met staff from an enormous , and enormously well - funded , anti-trafficking organisation , who solemnly assured me that the presence of different women in the same brothel on different days of the week was ' an indicator of trafficking ' : it is , in fact , standard working behaviour in an industry in which two women working together are automatically criminalised . "
Sun , 22 Feb 2009
FP - Syd # 12 .
Last Thursday night was the 12th meeting of FP - Syd , the Sydney Functional Programming group and we had just under 20 people show up at the Sydney offices of Thoughtworks to hear our presenter .
Numbers were down a bit this month , probably because we only had one speaker .
While we had a decent number of people volunteering to present when FP - Syd started it looks like we have , to a certain extent , pumped the well dry .
The presentations committee is going to look into ways of encouraging more people to come forward and tell us what they 're working on .
Anyway , our presenter for the evening was Tim Docker , talking about his Haskell graphing library Graphics .
Rendering .
Chart which is also on Hackage .
Tim started off with a demo of what the library could do and explained how it was built on top of hscairo the Haskell bindings to the very wonderful Cairo library as well as Gtk2 Hs , the Haskell bindings to GTK .
He then went on to discuss the difficulties of building a generic graphing library and of creating an API that exposes all the various features in an as - easy - as - possible to use way .
Internally , Tim 's library uses Haskell data types and records , often with ten or more separate fields , in addition to having types and records nested within types and records .
He went on to explain that accessing these deep and wide structures in Haskell was painful .
In particular , the problems are :
Field names must be unique with a module .
" Updates " ( creating a new record from an old one with one or more fields changed ) have a special syntax .
The special syntax for these updates does n't allow composition , making updating of one field deep in a nested structure difficult .
Tim 's solution to this problem was the use of the data - accessor library and Template Haskell for automatic generation of accessors .
While this was an adequate solution , Tim felt that it was working around a limitation inherent to the Haskell language .
Finally ,
Tim spoke about making his Charts library extensible using Higher Order Functions .
A big thanks goes to Nick Carroll and Thoughtworks for making their facilities available for FP - Syd for the last 4 or 5 meetings .
The next FP - Syd meeting will be a Google 's new head quarters in Pyrmont .
Thanks also to Tim for the presentation .
Posted at : 08:54 | Category : FP - Syd | Permalink
The wait is over — SimCity , EA ’s hit city - building franchise , has been released for the iPhone and iPod touch .
Since for many of you , that ’s all you need to hear , I ’ll just say that it ’s $ 9.99 and you can download it here .
But be warned , there are some bugs .
For those interested in how the game runs and plays , I ’ll continue .
First of all , the use of the iPhone ’s touchscreen for building city zones is brilliant .
You simply drag your finger over the area you wish to build on and then hit the check mark to confirm it .
You can also scroll around your map when not building using your finger , and the iPhone wisely turns the laid buildings into zones so it works more smoothly ( you can see an example of this in the video at the bottom of the post ) .
Double - tapping the screen zooms in .
The game has many of the SimCity staples you ’d expect .
You can customize your terrain before you start a city ( though it ’s limited to using the water and tree sliders , you ca n’t actually use tools to place water wherever you want ) .
You can see financial charts and get advisor opinions on what you should do next .
There are city ordinances you can enact , and you can earn special buildings based on your performance .
And yes , there are disasters .
When we previewed the game last month , EA said it was working hard to iron out some of the bugs and lag I was experiencing while playing the demo version of the game .
While some of those issues have been fixed — the game runs fairly snappy now when loaded —
I ’m experiencing the game crashing and a slow down in actions like zooming .
From the early reviews I ’m seeing on SimCity ’s App Store page , I ’m not alone in experiencing this .
And unfortunately , loading even the more bare - bones previously - saved city takes a long time ( I ’m talking minutes ) .
Maybe for some that will just add to the nostalgic experience — I remember this was an issue on my old PC back in the day as well .
For others , it ’ll be annoying .
Despite these issues , when you get it up and running , SimCity is a very impressive game on the iPhone .
It translates the experience , specifically the SimCity 3000 experience , well onto a mobile device .
Expect EA to release patches for the bug and hopefully improve the games load time issues .
[ youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wv_Pm2eTuDQ&hl=en&fs=1&rel=0&color1=0x2b405b&color2=0x6b8ab6&w=480&h=385]
Afghan authorities confirmed today that at least 13 civilians , including six women and two children , were killed in a US missile strike near Herat .
The US said the strike targeted a “ key insurgent commander . ”
Military spokesman Lieutenant Colonel Rick Helmer said in a statement that “ we take all reports of non-combatant casualties very seriously and investigate these claims with the assistance of our Afghan forces counterparts . ”
Herat was the site of a US air strike in August of last year which killed at least 90 civilians , the vast majority of whom were women and children , and anti-US sentiment in the area has remained high ever since .
Repeated US denials only made matters worse , and the announcement of a quick investigation in this incident is likely aimed at avoiding a repeat .
2008 saw the highest rate of civilian killings in Afghanistan since the 2001 invasion .
While violence traditionally rises dramatically in summer , the situation so far this year looks no better , as there have been a number of major incidents .
I invited one of my coworkers , Cecilia , out for drinks after work today .
She 's very nice to me around the office , and I needed to tell someone about the Thom situation .
" You think he 's stalking you ? " she asked , after I had told her the story .
" I know it sounds silly , " I tried to explain , " but he just shows up , everywhere . "
Cecilia did not seem convinced .
" Okay , last night , " I began , " I was buying beer at Aces , when Thom Yorke leapt out from behind the Doritos stand and started warning me that ' one by one , its going to fall , one by one ' . "
" What 's that mean ? " Cecilia asked , skeptically .
" How should I know ? "
We sat in silence for a little while .
Finally , I said quietly , " You must think I 'm crazy . "
It was getting late .
We agreed to share a cab home to Brooklyn .
We sat in silence for most of the ride .
I felt like such an idiot .
As we were crossing the Williamsburg Bridge , our driver offered us a small , open box of candy up through the opening .
Then his voice rose up from the front seat .
" Would you like some juuuuuunior miiiiints ? "
I was paralyzed with fear .
He had found me .
" Sure , thank you , " Cecilia replied , reaching for the box .
" No ! " I quickly grabbed her hand .
" Do n't you see , that 's Thom Yorke ! "
Thom Yorke 's face appeared in the opening .
He was wearing pork pie hat and day glow sunglasses .
He began whispering .
" To the ground , to dust , ground out , like duuuust ! "
Cecelia sat in quiet disbelief .
Eventually she spoke up .
" What 's he going to do with us ? "
I shrugged .
All I knew is that we were Thom Yorke 's prisoners now .
In the front seat , Thom began to sing a quiet , plaintive , and somewhat familiar melody .
" Kniiives out , caaaatch the mouse , squaaaash his head , puuuut him in a box ... "
Cecelia strained to understand the words .
" What is he singing ? " she asked .
" I do n't understand .
What 's he saying ? "
After I explained , I could see the fear begin to take Cecelia .
A desparate look gripped her face .
" Do n't do anything silly , Cecilia , " I whispered , but I could tell she was not herself .
" Look , Thom just let me go ! " she pleaded .
" I love your music ! "
" Stop Cecilia ! " I tried to intervene .
" You 'll only make things worse . "
" Please , " Cecilia begged .
" I own all your records , even Pablo Honey . "
Thom became instantly enraged .
" Squaaaaash !
Choooooke ! "
He swung the cab violently through traffic .
" You 're making him angry ! " I shouted .
I gripped Cecelia 's arm , but she was frantic .
" Please do n't hurt me , Thom ! " she begged .
" I liked Kid A , really I did .
And I do n't own any records by Coldplay !
Or Travis !
You have to believe me , Thom ! "
Upon hearing the names of those other bands ,
Thom began to scratch at his skin .
He shook his fists violently against the steering wheel .
Junior Mints spilled out onto the dashboard .
We were driving through Brooklyn now , its brownstones whizzing by us .
Cecilia was crying , but I knew what I had to do .
" Thom , listen up Thom , " I said calmly .
" I 'm sorry Thom .
I 'm sorry for avoiding you . "
" Traaaped like piiigs , so aaaalone . "
" I know , Thom , " I explained .
" I 'm sorry for that .
I 've been under a lot of stress at work . "
" Theeeey 're out to get you . "
" I know , " I said .
" I do n't like my job either . "
The car slowed down , and stopped at the curb .
I opened the door .
I could see his profile in the streetlight .
I felt pity .
" Look Thom , " I said .
" Stop by anytime you want , okay ? "
" Reeest your sleeeepy head . "
" Sure , Thom , even on work nights . "
" From a greeeeeat height ? "
" No , do n't use the fire escape , " I replied .
" I 'll leave an extra key under the mat . "
I found Cecilia on the curb .
She was shaken but the color was returning to her face .
" You speak ... Thom Yorke , " she said , with admiration .
" I did n't know I had it in me , " I shrugged .
Then I remembered I had forgot to pay Thom for the ride .
" How much do I owe you , Thom ? " I said turning back towards the cab .
Thom did n't answer .
The tires of the cab squealed .
When the dust settled , he was gone .
The European Union 's antitrust investigation team has released preliminary statements on how it will rule on the question of whether Microsoft abused its dominant market position to push the adoption of Internet Explorer ; the remarks are not encouraging .
The investigation is not over — Microsoft still has time to issue its own formal response to further concerns the EU raised in January — but the company may need a Hail Mary pass to escape the penalty the EU is prepared to level .
Jonathan Todd , spokesperson for the EU Commissioner for Competition Neelie Kroes , gave the website EurActiv a peek into what the commission is planning in the event that Microsoft cannot successfully answer the EU 's questions .
" If the Commission 's preliminary conclusions as outlined in the recent statement of objections were confirmed , " Todd said , " the Commission would intend to impose remedies that enabled users and manufacturers to make an unbiased choice between Internet Explorer and competing third party web browsers . "
There 's also a hefty fine attached to the remedy , but it 's the browser issue we 'll focus on .
" Unbiased , " in this case , means " bundled . "
Under the proposed penalty , Windows would prompt the user to choose one or more browsers to install and query which browser should be set as default .
This query could occur at first boot ( as described ) , or could possibly be set by an OEM like Dell or HP ; users could theoretically customize their browser selections during the process of ordering a system .
Technically , there 's no reason why this plan would n't work .
Browser install packages are n't particularly large , the installations tend to be quick ( particularly on a brand - new OS installation where there 's nothing to import ) , and it should n't be too hard for Microsoft to build an installer that would run once , set browser choices , download updates ( or redirect to appropriate update websites ) and then exit .
Asking users to install a browser of their choice is less complex and more attractive than , say , forcing Microsoft to sell a version of Vista or Windows 7 without a media player .
Interestingly EuroActiv quotes an unnamed commission official as stating that the remedy that forced the creation of Windows XP N " was rubbish . "
The problem with the " ship your competitor 's browser " approach is that it requires the EU to define which browers are and are n't considered competitive with Internet Explorer .
Firefox makes the cut without question , as does Safari , but those three browsers account for 97.37 percent of the browser market according to NetApplications .
If we assume that Marketshare 's numbers are at least ballpark - accurate , that other 2.63 percent are split between a number of other options , including Chrome ( 1.12 percent ) , Opera ( 0.57 percent ) and Netscape ( 0.57 percent ) .
Below that , we have " other " at 0.22 percent ; this presumably includes all the various OSS Web browsers .
The EU 's proposed remedy could create enormous customer confusion if it is n't deployed carefully , and it runs the risk of harming future browser development .
Microsoft may have initially gained market share by taking advantage of its near - monopoly in the OS market , but the current browser market is scarcely monopolistic .
The browsers that satisfy the EU's " competitive with Internet Explorer " bar , meanwhile , achieve tremendous exposure on their own .
This may equalize the situation for Firefox , Safari , Chrome , and Opera , but future entrants could be caught in a catch - 22 .
Bush says torture still necessary David Edwards and Andrew McLemore
Published : Sunday January 11 , 2009
Print This Email This With days left in office and an abysmal approval rating , President Bush is still defending the use of torture .
In an interview on Fox News , Bush told Brit Hume that he approved enhanced interrogation tactics for suspected terrorists like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed .
" My view is the techniques were necessary and are necessary , " Bush said .
The Bush administration has faced scathing criticism from those who say waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation tactics approved by Bush to be torture .
The president disagreed with notion that such tactics amount to torture .
" I firmly reject the word ' torture , ' " Bush said .
The Bush administration helped create an unclear legal landscape ( at best ) as to whether waterboarding was outlawed .
President - elect Barack Obama rejects the Bush administration 's equivocations about waterboarding , however .
" Vice President Cheney , I think , continues to defend what he calls extraordinary measures or procedures when it comes to interrogations and from my view waterboarding is torture , " Obama said .
This video is from Fox 's Fox News Sunday , broadcast Jan. 11 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
DAR ES SALAAM , Nov 3 ( Reuters ) - Tanzanian albinos are living in terror following 30 murders in the east African nation by people apparently seeking their body parts for witchcraft , a campaigner said on Monday .
The government says most of the killings happened in the last 10 months .
The latest three occurred just after a rally held in Dar es Salaam last month to denounce the practice .
" Our biggest fear right now is the fear of living .
If you leave work at night as an albino , you are unsure of reaching home safely .
When you sleep , you are unsure of waking up in one piece , " Zihada Msembo , secretary general of the Tanzania Albino Society , told Reuters in an interview .
" We marched , the president ( Jakaya Kikwete ) received us and we said ' now we can have some peace ' and slept soundly that night .
Next morning , we hear yet another albino was killed that very night . "
The government says most of the murders occurred in western Tanzania .
Police have arrested 53 suspects .
The killers sell body parts such as arms , legs , hair , skin and genitals , according to police and albino groups .
Those involved in witchcraft , especially in mining and fishing industries , believe these will enrich them , President Kikwete said last month , calling it a " stupid belief . "
Local media have reported several incidents of victims left to bleed to death .
" They are cutting us up like chickens , " Msembo said , while pointing to a picture on a wall in her cramped office of a limbless body with the skin on its face peeled off from an incident in 2007 .
Albinos lack pigment in their eyes , skin or hair , making their life difficult in Tanzania where there is plenty of sunshine and they are more susceptible to skin cancer and sun burns .
Tanzania has more than 200,000 albinos in its 40 million population .
Traditionally , midwives were known to kill albino babies , declare them stillborn and bury them secretly .
An increased number of deliveries in health centres has helped reduce the murders of albino babies , the government says .
Many other African societies shun albinos and treat them as if they bring misfortune or accuse them of being involved in witchcraft .
The latest killings have brought Tanzania -- reputed for its relative stability in the region -- unwanted international attention .
It was the subject of a September resolution in the European Union parliament condemning the murders .
Showing the traffickers ' ruthlessness , a reporter who produced an undercover story on the albino body parts trade in late July went into hiding after receiving death threats .
Msembo said many albino children were dropping out of school for fear of being kidnapped .
Many albinos have sought refuge in urban centres , which are relatively safer .
ATTACKERS IN BURUNDI
Three albino murders have occurred in neighbouring Burundi this year .
Officials say the assailants were killing at the behest of people in Tanzania .
Officials in eastern Burundi said that 24 albinos have fled their villages and gone into towns for fear of slaughter .
Nicodeme Gahimbare , a public prosecutor , said the government had arrested two suspects over the murders .
" The two who were arrested confessed to the crime and said they got 1 million Burundian francs ( $ 840 ) from a Tanzanian seeking albino body parts , " Gahimbare told Reuters .
Police also arrested two elderly men .
Gahimbare said they confessed to being in touch with a Tanzanian who had promised them three million francs for albino hair .
Kazungu Kassim , head of Burundi's albino association , appealed to the government to boost their security .
" We are human beings like others , we have a right to live , " Msemgo said , adding they had been turned into a commodity .
" Our country has earned a reputation that it is doing business with albino body parts , so people in other countries can kill and cross into Tanzania where there is a ready market . "
( Additional reporting by Patrick Nduwimana in Bujumbura )
More than half the passengers in plane crashes escape with their lives ... but how ?
Six survivors tell their stories
Josh Peltz , 39
Flight : US Airways flight 1549
Crash landing : The Hudson river , New York
Date : 15 January 2009
I 'd like to think anyone in my seat would have done the same thing .
I was in 10 F , the window seat of the emergency aisle , on the right side of the plane .
I fly for business every other week and I try to get a seat with extra leg room .
I 'm not a nervous flyer ; in fact , I was napping as we took off .
A few minutes after takeoff came a loud explosion like a car backfiring .
The plane jolted and there was a smell of burning machinery .
Everybody gasped and there were a few screams .
Looking out of the window , I could see us rollicking back and forth ; we were so high up , the houses looked like toys and the cars like ants .
But we were n't falling , so I thought , " OK , one of our engines has blown , but we have another engine , we 're returning to La Guardia , the pilot has everything under control . "
I did n't realise that both engines had failed .
It was eerily quiet - everyone was assessing the situation .
It soon became obvious we were n't going to La Guardia , we were headed for the water , and I started thinking this could be it .
I thought about my wife , Tesa , and our two children , Adeline , nearly three , and Zy , who was 12 weeks , and I tried to make peace .
Then I heard the announcement , " This is the captain , brace for impact " , and everything suddenly got very clear .
I had to stop thinking about death and start thinking about what I was going to do once the pilot landed in the water .
" You sat in this seat , " I thought , " you 've got to get this door open . "
At about 300 ft , I started reading the instructions .
There were six steps , and I read them two or three times , testing myself on each step and trying to envision myself opening the door .
We were headed for the water fast .
I cinched my seat belt tighter and tighter , and balled myself up over my overcoat .
Then we hit the water .
It felt like the worst car wreck you could imagine .
We bounced and skidded to a halt .
A lot of people had bloodied noses or eyes from hitting the seat in front of them , but my first thought was , " This plane is sinking , we have to get everybody off as soon as possible . "
Someone next to me was trying to pull the door in and I said , " No , it 's got to go out . "
Thankfully , I 'd just read that .
I knew people would rush to the emergency exit , so if it had jammed there would have been a pile - up .
I managed to get the door open and I grabbed the hand of a woman sitting next to me , Jenny .
We walked out on to the wing , holding each other for support , the initial blast of cold air hitting us .
The waves were lapping over the wing and it was sinking lower .
We pushed as far along as we could to make room for other people .
I heard later that people at the back were shoving and pushing as the plane started to fill up with water , but on the wing everyone was helping each other .
It was freezing , and nobody had a jacket .
Some people were submerged up to their waists .
I was thinking , " OK , now we 're going to drown .
We 're going to die of hypothermia . "
It felt like half an hour before we saw the first ferry , although it can have been only five or 10 minutes .
It was tantalisingly close .
For a moment I thought about swimming for it , but I remembered hearing that hypothermia sets in in seconds , and within minutes your limbs no longer work .
If you submerge your head , your brain does n't function properly .
I was fourth on to the ferry , and I started helping people on to the boat .
There was a woman clutching a baby for dear life , and a man who had been submerged completely and was incoherent , laying on the deck of the ferry , moaning .
The ferry drivers gave out their jackets and the shirts on their backs for people who were freezing .
I 've had a lot of trauma since the crash .
I 've thought of alternative scenarios : the door not opening and being crushed .
The wing catching in the water and tipping us in a cartwheel over and over until the plane falls apart and I 'm upside down , submerged in water .
And I 've also thought , why me ?
Why am I still here ?
But one thing I will take away from the experience is how everyone pulled together .
It 's comforting to know I was able to respond in a crisis .
I got through it by taking it one step at a time ; figuring out my next 10 seconds of action .
Get the door open , throw the door out , figure out if you 're sinking .
What is the immediate next thing I need to do ?
And the next ?
I just kept on doing that until I reached solid ground and got into the ferry terminal and talked to my wife .
Only then did I go into the men's room and let myself cry for a few minutes .
Upton Rehnberg , 72
Flight : United Airlines flight 232
Crash landing : Sioux City , Iowa
Date : 19 July 1989
I 'd changed on to flight 232 at the last minute in the hope of getting home from a business trip for my son's ninth birthday .
I usually ask for a seat at the back , but 9A , a window seat by the left side emergency exit , had been one of the last available .
If I 'd taken my usual seat , I would be dead .
I was sitting in front of a flight attendant and , just over an hour into our journey , I leaned over to her and said quietly , " The pilot is flying this plane in a very strange way . "
There had been a loud explosion , but an announcement had reassured us that we had lost only one engine and everything seemed to return to normal .
The attendant said , softly , " Hydraulics . "
I did n't know that everything on that plane worked off the hydraulic system , and it had lost all power .
The flight attendants gave every appearance of business as usual .
Then , 30 minutes after the explosion , they told us to adopt the brace position .
They said we should be prepared for the worst .
I still did n't think we were going to die .
I assumed they would be able to get the aeroplane down .
It was quiet .
I remember taking off my tie - I do n't know why .
I put my reading glasses in my shirt pocket , tied my shoelaces and waited .
I later learned that we hit the ground at 260 mph ; the normal landing speed is around 150 .
The right wing hit the ground first and started a fire .
The plane slammed down , bounced up , came back down on to its nose and began to cartwheel .
The noise and impact were incredible .
I could n't hold the brace position and I bounced upright with my arms over my head .
A fireball of burning fuel came through the seal of the door next to my left knee and hit me in the face .
It melted the front of my Dacron shirt , burned my chest and the gap between the tops of my socks and my trousers .
The plane broke into five sections and each went in a different direction .
We were thrown around viciously , and I was knocked unconscious .
When I came round , I was hanging upside down from my seat belt .
I undid it and walked across the ceiling of the cabin to the exit .
There were cables hanging down , so I held them up , letting the people behind me get out .
I was just aware of the need to keep people moving so they were n't blocking each other .
In a plane crash , people sit around waiting for direction , but being prepared can make all the difference .
Now when I fly , I wear natural fibres .
Often I wear a sweatshirt with a hood .
A man in the burns unit with me was a flight engineer , and he told me that when airline personnel are passengers , they 're taught to cover their head with a blanket in an emergency landing .
But there are n't enough blankets for every passenger .
Dressing in a way that covers up as much of your body as possible , counting the rows from your seat to the emergency exits , knowing how to open them and moving quickly can make all the difference .
You are the person you have to look to to save your life .
Rosebell Kirungi , 41
Flight : Small chartered flight
Crash landing : Rwenzori mountains , Democratic Republic of Congo
Date : 25 September 1998
It was a chartered flight from Uganda and we were just coming into Congo .
I was seated over the wing , by the window .
I was the only woman on board , with nine men .
About 45 minutes into the flight , I could see from my seat that the plane was flying very low over the mountains .
The pilot announced he was losing control and I put on my seat belt .
Other people panicked .
I was thinking about my family , and praying .
My worry was that if I died , my daughter was only four , I was a single mum , and I did n't want her to lose me .
Within three minutes , the plane had crashed into trees , tearing off the wing next to me , and nose - dived into the mountain .
The plane was in pieces .
Some of the others went through the windscreen , but I was still strapped into my seat , with no injuries - the only thing I had lost were my shoes .
I found myself taking off the seatbelt .
The seats had been thrown from their position .
There was no way to go forwards or backwards ; the only way to get out was to climb out of the hole over the wing .
I was very calm and determined , which I think was down to my faith .
I got out and gave first aid to the other passengers who were in pain and bleeding .
I got water from the plane and tried to keep them calm .
We knew the Congo rebels were in that area and we were afraid we might be found and killed .
We divided ourselves into two groups of five to look for rescue parties .
We got up at six and walked until seven or eight at night .
It was raining and snowing , and we had nothing to eat or drink .
I did n't know which direction I was walking in , but I believed my life had been saved and the rest was up to me .
The others died one by one .
The first day we lost three of our group .
They did n't have the strength to keep going and disappeared into the jungle .
By the ninth day , I was on my own .
I was rescued finally on the 10th day of walking , by a UN organisation and people from the Ugandan army .
They could n't see the plane crash site from the air , so they 'd had to send a group out on the ground .
I had walked more than 100 miles .
On the walk , I had developed gangrene .
The medical facilities where I was rescued were inadequate .
I was later airlifted to a better hospital , but by then my toes were turning black .
They amputated both of my legs below the knee .
I look back in a very positive way .
It happened for a reason .
I learned to walk again , learned to drive again and did a degree .
I even still enjoy flying .
• Rosebell Kirungi now runs Limbsworld ( limbsworld.com ) , a charity to rehabilitate and retrain Ugandan amputees .
Dominica McGowan , 57
Flight : British Midland flight 92
Crash landing :
The embankment of the M1 near Kegworth , Leicestershire
Date : 8 January 1989
We 'd already had a meal and a glass of wine , and suddenly there was an announcement to say we were having difficulties .
The stewards came racing through the plane , gathering up the dishes and throwing them into plastic bags .
I was a counsellor at the time , and the young woman sitting next to me in the aisle seat was quite upset , so I was saying , " Do you know anybody who 's ever been in a plane crash ?
What are the chances of it happening to us ? "
My friend Margaret was by the window , over the wing , and she kept saying , " Look at the smoke ! "
But I was n't paying any attention .
Then the pilot made an announcement , telling us to prepare for a crash landing .
I thought he meant bumpy .
It never dawned on me that we might actually crash .
But I leaned forward and put my hands over my head , and the next thing I remember is this rubbery sound , like a flat tyre , and a crunch .
I thought I 'd remained conscious throughout , but I 've since been told I could n't have .
I do n't remember coming to , but I remember blackness , and becoming aware that we 'd stopped .
I tried to wake Margaret , but she was unconscious , as was the woman on the other side of me .
I just thought to myself , " I 've got to get out of here . "
I released my seat belt and scrambled to the exit .
I met firemen coming on to the plane , and they helped me down a canvas chute .
And then I was lying on the ground in the freezing cold and somebody had rigged up a drip .
The next thing , I was in the ambulance .
I had a fractured skull , a fractured shoulder , broken ribs , a punctured lung , a broken femur and my back was very badly damaged .
I was in intensive care for a week and then on the wards for another week .
Margaret was in intensive care for longer .
She is still in a wheelchair .
When I got home and saw the crash on TV , and heard that 47 people had died , that 's when it really hit me .
I thought everybody had crawled out like me .
But I knew about post - traumatic stress through my work , and how important it was to talk about what had happened , to absorb it and allow it to become part of your life .
I was back at work by February .
I have always been robust .
Of course , I was lucky to be able to get up out of my seat .
There were many people who were seriously injured , or did n't survive .
But going into that situation I was already quite hardened .
Those instincts were there .
I 'd had a hard struggle in life , things had been tough .
So the crash was another challenge I had to overcome .
The more anxious and tentative you are going into an experience like that , the more traumatic it 's going to be .
I do n't look back on my life and think , " God , I was in a plane crash . "
I look back and think , " I did n't die , people were very kind and helpful . "
I know how lucky I was walking away from that .
Mercedes Ramirez Johnson , 34
Flight : American Airlines flight 965
Crash landing : A mountain in Buga , Colombia
Date : 20 December 1995
It was my 21st birthday , and my parents and I were on our way to Cali , Colombia , to spend Christmas with my father 's side of the family .
It was around 9 pm , we were only about 15 minutes from landing when , without warning , the pilot pulled the nose of the plane straight up into the air .
The cabin was shaking violently , the turbulence was unbelievably strong .
And there was panic .
My mother was in the row in front .
I was next to my father , in the exit row over the wing , but I remember hearing my mother praying .
Her voice calmed me down .
I did n't think we were going to crash or die .
I just kept thinking , " Hurry up and fix this .
Straighten it out . "
Then we heard this incredibly loud booming sound from the back of the plane and there was a strong vibration .
I grabbed my father 's hand and he held mine really tightly .
I put my head in my lap and closed my eyes .
When I came round , I was disoriented .
Everything was in pieces all around me .
The middle of my right thigh was bent and the bottom half of my leg was behind me , but I could n't feel any pain .
I was laying in the aisle , and I could hear a man 's voice outside , so I dragged myself towards him .
He pulled me out .
Only four of us survived , all from the middle section of the plane .
We waited 18 hours on the mountain for help .
It was n't until I got to hospital that I realised how badly I was injured .
My leg was broken , I had injuries to my spinal cord , my back , internal injuries from the seat belt , broken ribs .
Reporters came into my hospital room disguised as doctors and nurses and , on live television , told me my parents had passed away .
I 've seen footage of that interview , but I do n't remember talking to them .
It was later discovered that 15 minutes before the plane crashed , the pilots accidentally entered the wrong code into the flight computer .
They did n't realise we were heading into the mountains until the ground - proximity warning system started to sound .
That was when they pulled the plane up .
That loud booming sound was the back of the plane hitting the mountain .
Fred Jones , 58
Flight :
As co-pilot in a Piper Cherokee
Crash landing : A Shropshire hillside
Date : 2 April 1988
When we took off , it was a lovely , clear day .
Very cold .
We passed the Long Mynd , a small mountain range .
Suddenly the side windows froze up and you could n't see through them .
I was co-pilot .
The pilot , Ken Turner , said through the headset , " Feel your controls . "
It was as if they 'd been welded up .
Ken was quiet , I was quiet , trying to think what to do .
We were hitting the controls , trying to put the heater on , but nothing worked .
Then the engine started to miss .
The carburettor had frozen up and the fuel had frozen in the lines .
We were in freefall .
The next thing I heard was Ken putting a Mayday out on the radio .
Up my back I felt a cold chill .
Neither of us said an awful lot .
We did n't panic , but it was very chilling .
We did n't have parachutes .
We could n't open the door in any case , because it opens against the wind .
I did n't even try to get into a protective position because , at the speed we were going , it was pointless .
If you 're on a collision course in a light aircraft and fate is n't with you , you 've had it .
I was resigned to the fact that in the 57 seconds it took us to come down , there was nothing we could do .
We kept trying to restart the engine in case some fuel had got through .
The only other thing I could do was to try to turn the trim on the winding wheel above my head , to give the plane a bit more drag and slow the speed of the descent .
When I was in a coma in the hospital , they say I was raising my right arm and winding , as if adjusting the trim .
All I knew at the time was that I was going to die .
I was dropping in a plane at 180 mph from 8,000 ft .
I felt the total shock of realisation that that 's it , you 've had your chips .
You 've had a damned good life - I had a business that was basically printing money - but it was going to end that day .
All I wanted was a phone .
I just wanted to speak to my two young lads and tell them , " Everything 's all right , look after Mummy . "
The shadows of trees started coming past the side window .
Then there was this almighty crunch , which was the port wing catching a tree .
It sheared off level with the cockpit , which fell to the ground .
I went straight through the dash .
My face went through the glass , cut my nose clean off and my eye out .
I do n't remember the slightest pain .
Everything went black .
I was trapped in the cockpit , on the hillside .
We were so fortunate the plane did n't burn up or that would have been it , but we 'd lost the fuel when we lost the wing .
The next thing I remember was waking up three weeks later in Shrewsbury hospital .
I 'd lost an eye , my nose , broken my spine , shoulder , jaw and ankle .
It 's a tribute to the care I got that I was ever able to walk again .
Before , I was a businessman .
I had my own company that I 'd built up .
I had a bit of a short fuse .
The crash changed my attitude .
Every day is a bonus .
Even on an awful day , I 'm here , I 'm breathing ·
How to improve your chances of survival
Ed Galea , professor in mathematical modelling at the University of Greenwich in London , has compiled interviews with more than 1,000 survivors of 105 accidents .
He outlines the steps you can take to improve your chances of survival .
Keep your shoes on until the aircraft has reached cruising altitude and before the plane starts to come in to land .
If you have to get off the aircraft quickly , there may be debris in the cabin and outside , and you 'll need your shoes .
Get a seat as close to an exit as possible
Survivors travel on average within seven rows of a viable exit .
If you are within five seat rows of a viable exit , your chances of surviving are greater .
Sit in the aisle
There is no real advantage to sitting at the front or the back of the plane , but statistics show you have a slightly better survival chance sitting by the aisle than by the window , because you can start moving towards the exit a lot quicker .
Seat your family together
In an emergency , families who are separated will try to reunite before they evacuate , causing havoc .
Book the seats together or , on a low - cost airline that does not have seat reservations , ask to be moved to sit together .
Also make a plan for who is responsible for each child , so there 's no confusion in the event of a crash .
Practise releasing your seat belt
A disturbing number of people had difficulty releasing their seat belts , mainly because they were trying to push buttons , as you would in a car .
I always keep my seat belt done up all the time I 'm seated .
Count how many seat rows you are from an exit , in front and behind , in case one is blocked .
In a dark or smoke - filled environment , you might not be able to see where the exit is .
In past accidents , we 've seen people going past viable exits , not realising they were there .
When we approach takeoff or landing , I always sit up in my seat and have a good look around me .
Practise the brace position
There is no point sitting close to an exit if you are physically unable to get out .
The brace position is designed to minimise the chances of you being knocked unconscious or breaking a limb .
Amanda Ripley , author of The Unthinkable : Who Survives When Disaster Strikes - And Why , has spent years studying how the brain works in disasters such as plane crashes .
She reveals how to think like a survivor .
Take the lead
We tend to become passive and obedient in crashes .
Panic is extremely rare ; much more common is silence and docility .
In the 70s , there was a series of crashes in which most of the passengers survived the initial impact but were found dead in their seats with their seat belts on .
Psychologists found that this reaction is common in any situation where people are in a passive position before an accident happens .
In a plane , you follow orders - you 're not in control .
People tend to continue playing that role after a crash .
Listen to the safety briefing
Safety experts have found that the more information passengers have before an accident , the more effective they will be .
People who read the safety briefing cards do have a higher chance of survival .
This is because , in unfamiliar environments , we tend to shut down .
The more familiar you are with your environment - for example , counting the rows between you and the exit - the less likely you are to make mistakes .
Take responsibility
In disasters , people tend to group together and become considerate of each other .
People who sit in the exit rows can save hundreds of lives if they move quickly .
Time and time again we found that passengers do n't like to throw the exit door out - it goes against everything in your being .
If you prepare yourself , you can override that instinct .
Educate yourself
It 's important to know why you need to respond in certain ways .
For example , if oxygen masks are dropped down , they always say put yours on before your child 's - if you knew that , in a rapid decompression - which is not unusual - you have 10 seconds before you lose consciousness , then you 'd make sure you followed that advice .
Your behaviour matters
Between 1983 and 2000 , 56 % of passengers involved in serious plane accidents survived .
It 's important to realise they are survivable , and that what you do can make the difference .
An active , engaged , confident outlook about your role in the situation is very powerful .
Whether revisions to the bible of mental illness should be carried out in secret might seem like an academic question .
But the issue carries real weight for parents desperate to address children ’s difficult behavior or people in distress over their mental state .
It also speaks to citizens ’ concerns over news accounts of an overmedicated America and of the troubling financial links between some psychiatric researchers and the pharmaceutical industry .
An update is underway for the fifth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , known as the DSM , which defines the emotional problems for which doctors prescribe drugs and insurance companies pay the treatment bills .
Psychiatrists working on the new edition were required to sign a strict confidentiality agreement .
Critics contend that the American Psychiatric Assn. should allow outside observers to review the scientific debate behind new and revised diagnoses .
Advertisement
Among the most prominent to speak out is the editor of the manual ’s third edition , Dr. Robert Spitzer , hailed by peers as the most influential psychiatrist of his generation .
If the DSM is often called the profession ’s bible , then the DSM - III is the King James Version .
Released in 1980 , it set the standard by which others are measured .
Recently , Spitzer broke ranks by publishing an open letter to the profession protesting the confidentiality mandate .
“ If you do n’t know what goes on at someone ’s meetings , they ’re suspect of having a conflict of interest , ” the Columbia University professor said in an interview .
The profession is already confronting that issue through revelations that academics in the field are earning tens of thousands of dollars in consulting fees from drug companies .
The financial links between the drug industry and the psychiatric community have sparked a congressional investigation headed by Sen. Charles E. Grassley ( R - Iowa ) .
Advertisement
Officials with the APA counter that the psychiatrists working on the DSM revision are limited to $ 10,000 annually in fees from drug companies .
The association says “ transparency ” is the byword of those overseeing the process .
Darrel Regier , who heads the APA ’s research arm , said the critics are failing to recognize progress in the field .
“ The field of psychiatry has gone from an ideology to a scientific pursuit , ” he said .
The DSM grew out of a guidebook used by the military during World War II .
Afterward , it was revised for general use and subsequently enlarged .
When it first appeared in the 1950s , psychiatry was dominated by Freud ’s model of psychological suffering , one that was resolvable by talking out the conflict with a therapist .
Yet even then , drugs were appearing for relief of psychotic symptoms , and leadership in the profession has since passed to psychiatrists with an alternative model : biology and genetics as the source of emotional problems .
As the field has changed , the number of disorders in the DSM has tripled to 300 , an increase paralleled by the rise in sales of drugs that pharmaceutical companies and psychiatrists tout as remedies for emotional suffering .
Advertisement
Some critics suspect that a quest for profits has encouraged the field to create mental illnesses out of personality quirks .
In his recent book , “ Shyness : How Normal Behavior Became a Sickness , ” Christopher Lane traces how shyness morphed from a character trait into a pathological condition called “ social phobia , ” which the DSM defines as “ fears that he or she may do something or act in a way that will be humiliating or embarrassing . ”
With disorders so broadly drawn , Lane wonders , who among us is sane ?
It ’s an apt criticism , says David Kupfer , who is shepherding the DSM ’s revision .
“ One of the raps against psychiatry is that you and I are the only two people in the U.S. without a psychiatric diagnosis , ” said Kupfer , head of the psychiatry department at the University of Pittsburgh .
Advertisement
Kupfer said he hopes to reduce the number of diagnostic categories in the forthcoming edition of the DSM , scheduled to appear in 2012 .
He argues that scientific progress comes from formulating ideas , then seeing if others can shoot them down .
If currently listed maladies fail that test , they ’ll be dropped , Kupfer said .
Meanwhile , Lane -- who has become something of a thorn in the side of the psychiatric community -- has irked some by obtaining the working papers of psychiatrists who produced the DSM - III and making plans to post them on his website .
Some of his finds read less like scientific discourse than like shtick from a Catskills comedian .
Advertisement
One syndrome under discussion at the time was “ chronic complaint disorder . ”
Its supposed sufferers were largely “ of Eastern European ancestry ” and revealed their malady when asked how things are going .
“ In those cases , ” the psychiatrists wrote , “ the pathognomonic expression becomes , ‘ Oy vey , do n’t ask . ’ ”
rgrossman@tribune.com
Advertisement
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
About the new edition
What is it ?
The DSM is the authoritative psychiatric handbook defining mental disorders .
Advertisement
What ’s new ?
The American Psychiatric Assn. is revising it .
The new version is expected in 2012 .
Why does it matter ?
Prescriptions for psychiatric drugs are written in accordance with the DSM .
Courts , social workers and insurance companies also use it in their decisions .
Why the fuss ?
Authors of the forthcoming fifth edition are pledged to secrecy , leading others to question whether science should be done behind closed doors .
Disclosures of financial links between psychiatrists and drug companies raise the question :
Is this a search for truth or for profits ?
Meanwhile , critics worry we ’re becoming a nation too quick to reach for pills .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Bernard Madoff ’s wife , Ruth , is being investigated by U.S. regulators over whether she helped maintain secret records used in the alleged $ 50 billion ( 32 billion pounds )
Ponzi scheme her husband is accused of running , Bloomberg reported Wednesday , citing a person familiar with the matter .
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission found evidence while looking through records at Madoff ’s firm that she may have helped track payments , Bloomberg wrote , citing that person .
Bloomberg also reported that the SEC is also looking into why her name appears on related transactions , according to two people with knowledge of the probe .
On Wednesday , a federal judge ordered Bernard Madoff , 70 , confined to his Manhattan apartment and told Ruth Madoff to surrender her U.S. passport by noon on Thursday as part of his modified bail conditions .
He was arrested Dec 11 and prosecutors charged him with a single count of securities fraud .
Solar cell companies in China recently submitted a scheme to the Ministry of Science and Technology to cut the cost of solar power generation to $ 0.146 per kilowatt - hour ( kWh ) in 2012 .
This is three years earlier then had been thought possible only last year and is largely due to the current steep drop in polysilicon prices and further planned advances in production .
The companies that submitted the scheme include Suntech Power Holdings Company Limited ( NYSE : STP ) , LDK Solar Company Limited ( NYSE : LDK ) , Trina Solar Limited ( NYSE : TSL ) , Solarfun Power Holdings Company Limited ( NASDAQ : SOLF ) and Nanjing First - Second Power Equipment Company Limited ( Nanjing ) .
The scheme was reportedly drafted based on a former scientific research program prepared by the Jiangsu Photovoltaic Industry Association , which initially received approval from the first board meeting held in Nanjing , the capital city of eastern China ’s Jiangsu province , on December 18 , 2008 .
Preparation for the scheme was carried out by enterprises covering the entire photovoltaic industrial chain , including solar - cell producers such as Suntech and wafer producers such as LDK Solar .
The Chinese government has approved only three solar - energy demonstration power stations so far , namely the 1 - megawatt ( MW ) Chongming Island Project in Shanghai , the 255 - kilowatt project in Ordos in Inner Mongolia and the 10 - MW on - grid solar power project in Dunhuang .
Both the demonstration projects on Chongming Island and in Ordos require an allowance of $ 0.584 per kWh from the government .
The situation abruptly changed starting in 2007 , when industrial players predicted that the cost of solar power could be reduced to $ 0.438 per kWh by 2010 and to $ 0.146 per kWh by 2020 .
In 2008 , the timetable of $ 0.146 per kWh , was moved up to 2015 , and the new proposal moves this date up to 2012 .
At a price point of $ 0.146 kWh , it will be possible for electricity produced by photovoltaic solar panels to be competitive with conventional energy .
Regardless of factoring in the environmental and supply side costs of fossil fuels .
The price of polysilicon had fallen from a peak of $ 400 per kilogram in July 2008 to less than $ 100 per kilogram by the end of the year .
Presently , the cost of polysilicon is about $ 30 - $ 40 per kilogram , and the cost will be further reduced following the advance in technology .
Therefore , silicon material , which accounts for 70 % of the cost of photovoltaic products , will not be an obstacle in achieving the proposed price target .
Image is of a masked and developed silicon wafer by TalAtlas on flickr under the Creative Commons license
Juan Atkins was playing techno when most of its current practitioners were playing in the schoolyard .
Berry Gordy 's Motown may no longer rule the airwaves , but Detroit has found a new beat .
Since 1981 , the compositions of techno visionary Juan Atkins have sent shock waves through contemporary music .
On the heels of the German group Kraftwerk , he and partner Rick Davis formed Cybotron , fusing austere European techno - pop with street - level funk .
In 1985 , Atkins formed Metroplex Records , not knowing that his unique brand of techno would soon inspire the anthems and soundtracks of the digital age – the latest world music .
Wired spoke with Atkins about his early inspirations and how they may bring about musical metamorphosis on a wider scale .
His current projects include the 12 - inch single " I See the Light " ( Metroplex , Detroit ) and the LP Sonic Sunset ( R&S Records , Belgium ) , both under the moniker " Model 500 . "
Wired :
What is your definition of techno ?
Is it essentially a combination of technology and funk ?
Atkins :
Yes .
It 's interesting , because I met Karl Bartos ( formerly of Kraftwerk ) and he told me that one of his influences was James Brown .
Today , I think " techno " is a term to describe and introduce all kinds of electronic music .
In fact , there were a lot of electronic musicians around when Cybotron started , and
I think maybe half of them referred to their music as " techno . "
However , the public really was n't ready for it until about ' 85 or ' 86 .
It just so happened that Detroit was there when people really got into it .
What separates Detroit techno from other music , like Chicago 's house movement ?
It 's always been about insight and forward thinking .
It goes as far as the science fiction I was into early on and the class I took in high school called " Future Studies . "
One of the textbooks I had to read was Alvin Toffler 's Future Shock .
Also , Detroit is unlike any other city in the transitions it has endured .
When your surroundings change , you go through change .
You 've said elsewhere that the term " techno " was partially taken from Toffler 's term " techno - rebels " in The Third Wave – those who did n't see the need for technology to be overwhelming or alienating .
Does this concept have anything to do with techno's use of older analog synthesizers or keeping the production of vinyl alive ?
We never tried to apply any of those principles .
The Third Wave was only inspirational , although we did use hybrid words like " cybotron " and " metroplex , " and Toffler spoke of these futuristic combinations .
Techno-rebels notwithstanding , some technologies are absorbed very quickly into our culture .
Does it surprise you how slowly the United States has embraced electronic music , dance - oriented or otherwise ?
Not surprised , really .
Disappointed is the word .
I was more surprised when I first went to Europe and found that white kids could enjoy dance music .
In this country it 's very hard for creative thought to escape capitalism .
How then do you explain the emergence of Detroit as an aesthetic Mecca for electronic dance music , as opposed to larger cities like New York and LA ?
Let 's remember Detroit is representative of the whole Industrial Revolution .
When that came to a close , it was the first place hit .
And because of its lack of status , it 's a lot more depressed than other areas .
That forces people to be creative .
This creativity and work ethic , although a social requirement of sorts , has n't led to real status in the American music industry .
Why is it that you and other Detroit techno artists are n't officially recognized as high - caliber musicians and producers ?
You have to wonder how , with as much press as we have received worldwide , why we still do n't have a proper record deal .
( Pauses . )
Maybe in the marketing departments out there , there really are people who think that a white techno act is more marketable than a black one .... I do n't know .
What do you think is the problem with the way music is presented to the masses ?
There has to be a revolution in radio in America .
Instead of me complaining , I 'd rather take an active role as a program director and change all that .
If I 'm the only guy to take a station and set an example , then that 's what I 'll do .
I can also guarantee that this station would be Number One in its market within a year .
There are signs of this " neo-urban " music starting to flourish : LA 's URB Magazine , more and more stateside techno tours .
Is this the kind of movement you 're hoping for ?
Yes .
Definitely .
There is no outlet for ( techno artists ) .
Right now they put out 12 - inch singles and sell 2,000 to 3,000 copies and get discouraged .
The basic problem is that in America , if you do n't fit into a radio format , you do n't really exist .
Given the structured and commercial nature of radio , do you see those conventions bending to variety and innovation ?
Even public radio seems to be " going corporate " these days .
However I have to get into radio – digital cable FM , low - power radio – that 's what I 'll do .
I want to see techno take off on a major level , and I do n't agree that as soon as the money comes in , it will dilute the quality of the music .
You 've said that people are ready for something different , that they have caught up with technology to a certain degree .
What kind of encouragement do you have that radio will not continue to stagnate ?
There was a time seven or eight years ago when you could go into a city and four out of five people did n't know what a sequencer was .
Now maybe one out of five does n't .
There is a ton of music here , kids are buying Roland and Korg keyboards .
And what are they doing ?
They 're not making ballads !
Metroplex Records : fax +1 ( 313 ) 963 0213 .
[ Shawn Powers was barely out of high school when the first issue of Linux Journal went to press 15 years ago , but we figured it would be fun to send him back in time and write a column for the first issue .
Besides , how else could we claim a tax write - off on a time machine ? ]
Wow , what a dream .
I could have sworn I was a 30 - something - year - old geek with a family and a mortgage .
But , here I am in 1994 .
Oh well , at least the Linux Journal gig was n't a dream .
What 's Linux Journal , you ask ?
That 's easy .
We 're the only magazine dedicated to the Linux and Open Source community .
What 's “ Open Source ” ?
Well , you 'll have to wait a few years for that one .
Our publisher , Bob Young , brings us a great interview with Linus Torvalds .
As I 'm sure you know , Linus has quite a bit to do with the Linux community .
Bob
Young also is someone you 'll want to keep an eye on — trust me on this one , and maybe think about investing in red-colored headwear .
We 've also got an awesome comparison of the three leading operating systems : Linux , Windows and OS X—er , I mean OS / 2 .
Sure , IBM is pouring a ton of money into marketing its operating system , while Linux does n't have any huge financial backing , but I think history will prove it takes more than hype to compete .
Looking through the vista of time , Microsoft will have its fair share of blunders too .
Linux is here to stay .
The big news that comes along with this maiden issue of Linux Journal is that the Linux kernel itself has matured to 1.0 status .
Just because it 's no longer beta does n't mean you 'll have to start paying for it though .
Linux is free .
Free in several ways .
Check out Arnold Robbin's “ What 's GNU ? ” column for more details .
Are you worried you wo n't be able to run Linux on your existing hardware ?
Well , admittedly , hardware compatibility is a challenge , but if you 're looking to install a basic Linux system , you should expect to have a computer with at least 2MB of RAM and 15 MB of disk space .
Also , the fancy 386 processor will give you amazing 32 - bit speeds and fully utilize the power of the Linux kernel .
With the 386 math coprocessor and its 32 - bit address space , I can't imagine we 'll ever need a faster processor .
:: SNORT : :
One of the biggest announcements this month is the availability of a new Linux distribution called Debian .
Ian Murdock , the creator and maintainer of Debian , tells us why his distribution is different and why the Linux community needs something like it .
He has the backing of the Free Software Foundation and is making the entire operating system available as a free download to anyone who wants it — awesome stuff that will almost certainly stand the test of time .
Again , trust me .
The one thing I 'm sad to report is that in order to try all the awesome programs available for Linux , you 'll either have to download them very slowly from FTP servers or spend some money buying CDs .
Installing from CDs is much faster though , so it might be worth the investment .
I 'd give you the Ubuntu CD I brought with me , but I fear it might disrupt the space - time continuum .
And , I probably would get in trouble for that .
I 'm so excited for everyone stuck back here in 1994 .
You have years and years of Linux Journal issues to read .
Whatever your current plans are for the Linux operating system , keep subscribing to Linux Journal , and we 'll keep you up to date with the latest information , tech tips , programming practices and industry news for the next 15 years and beyond !
Now , if you 'll excuse me , I need to go find Linus .
He has n't figured out what sort of mascot to choose for Linux , and I 'm a big penguin fan .
If I start trying to convince him now , maybe in a few years , he 'll decide my penguin idea is a good one .
Wish me luck !
In 1994 , Shawn was attending his first year of college at Michigan Tech University .
He skipped his engineering classes almost every day to sneak into the computer labs and play with Linux .
At the time it seemed a waste of tuition , but looking back , he would n't change a thing .
Celebrating 15 Years of Linux Journal
Fifteen years after the first issue of Linux Journal appeared , in March 1994 , we proclaim today , with the arrival of the March 2009 issue , as The Day The Earth Stood Still .
We emblazoned it on the cover and we 're screaming it from the roof - tops -- happy birthday Linux Journal !
Scroll over the years below to take a stroll down memory lane with us .
Clicking on cover images will take you to the issues articles , all online for you to enjoy !
Before the recent revelation that peanut butter could kill people , even before the spinach scare of three summers ago , the nation ’s food industry made a proposal .
It asked the government for permission to destroy germs in many processed foods by zapping them with radiation .
That was about nine years ago , in the twilight of the Clinton administration .
The government has taken limited action since .
After spinach tainted with a strain of E. coli killed three people and sickened more than 200 others in 2006 , the Food and Drug Administration gave permission for irradiation of spinach and iceberg lettuce .
It has yet to begin .
Meat irradiation is permitted but rarely used .
Among common items on the grocery shelf , only spices and some imported products , like mangoes from India , are routinely treated with radiation .
The technology to irradiate food has been around for the better part of a century .
The federal government says that it is safe , and many experts believe that it could reduce or even eliminate the food scares that periodically sweep through American society .
( A man walks up to our hot case with his wife and two little girls . )
Me : “ Hi ! How may I help you ? ”
Customer : “ Hi – we wanted to get some chicken strips . ”
( As I am taking his order , I notice his daughters licking the hot case glass . )
Me : “ Excuse me sir , but your daughters are licking the glass . ”
Customer : “ Yeah . ”
Me : “ Well …aside from the fact that the glass is hot , we cleaned it this morning with a chemical cleaner to wash off a layer of grease build - up . ”
Customer : “ So ? ”
Me : “ The chemical we used is a known carcinogen .
I might suggest that you stop your daughters from ingesting it . ”
Customer : “ Look , lady .
You ’ve obviously never been a parent .
When you have kids , you ’ll learn that it ’s MUCH easier to just let your kids do whatever they want . ”
It ’s fear of another Holocaust that has driven Israel to bomb the crap out of the Palestinians in Gaza — at least , that ’s if you believe what you read on the New York Times op ed page .
( Never a good idea , of course , because as I ’ve previously noted , when it comes to Israel and related fear - mongering , there simply is no hysteria deemed unworthy of the Times op ed page . )
Morris , a manic fellow at the best of times prone to intellectual mood swings — having laid bare the ethnic cleansing that created modern Israel , Morris then did n’t as much recant as complain that the problem was that Ben Gurion had n’t finished the job .
And since the 2000 debacle at Camp David , of course , he ’s been a de facto editorial writer for Ehud Barak , the failed former Prime Minister nicknamed “ Mr. Zig - Zag ” while in office because of his inconsistency — and who , of course , is the author of the current operation in Gaza .
Barak , never shy about spewing utter rubbish when his audience is American and prone to be taken in by demagoguery , last weekend offered the priceless suggestion to Fox News that “ expecting Israel to have a cease - fire with Hamas is like expecting you to have a cease - fire with al - Qaeda . ”
Presumably it would not occur to Fox ’s anchors to ask why , then , had Barak maintained just such a cease - fire for the past six months ?
And why had he been seeking its renewal ?
But when it comes to demagoguery , this crowd knows no shame .
Here is Morris explaining what he wants us to believe is the current Israeli mindset :
“ Many Israelis feel that the walls — and history — are closing in on their 60 - year - old state , much as they felt in early June 1967 , just before Israel launched the Six - Day War … the Egyptians had driven a United Nations peacekeeping force from the Sinai - Israel border , had closed the Straits of Tiran to Israeli shipping and air traffic and had deployed the equivalent of seven armored and infantry divisions on Israel ’s doorstep …
Arab radio stations blared messages about the coming destruction of Israel .
“ Israelis , or rather , Israeli Jews , are beginning to feel much the way their parents did in those apocalyptic days .
Israel is a much more powerful and prosperous state today .
In 1967 there were only some 2 million Jews in the country — today there are about 5.5 million — and the military did not have nuclear weapons .
But the bulk of the population looks to the future with deep foreboding . ”
This “ foreboding ” says Morris is based on the fact that the Arab world has never truly accepted the legitimacy of Israel ’s creation ( well , duh !
Israel ’s creation for Arabs is inextricably linked to the ethnic cleansing of 700,000 Palestinian Arab refugees from its territory ; a process well documented by Morris himself ) and continue to oppose its existence .
( The fact that the Arab world has offered a comprehensive recognition and normalization of relations with Israel in exchange for it retreating to its 1967 borders seems to have passed the historian Morris by . )
Then , he says , there ’s the fact that “ public opinion in the West ( and in democracies , governments ca n’t be far behind ) is gradually reducing its support for Israel as the West looks askance at the Jewish state ’s treatment of its Palestinian neighbors and wards .
The Holocaust is increasingly becoming a faint and ineffectual memory and the Arab states are increasingly powerful and assertive . ”
Well , actually , as Avrum Burg has said so eloquently in his new book The Holocaust is Over , We Must Rise from its Ashes , it is precisely because of the Holocaust experience and the universal message of “ Never Again ” that the West today is engaged with human rights abuses everywhere , no matter who the victim and perpetrator — even when the perpetrators are Jewish .
Again , though , the idea that Israel is being isolated in the West would seem preposterous to any objective observer ; and the idea that the Holocaust is being forgotten even more so .
( Clearly , historian Morris pays no attention to the Academy Awards . )
This sort of silliness makes you onder if anyone actually edits the NYT ’s op ed page .
How can any editor even vaguely grounded in reality allow a sentence to pass that says “ the Arab states are increasingly powerful and assertive . ”
Any examples you can provide to back this outlandish claim , Benny ?
Would the op ed page editors even think to ask ?
Benny Morris may be like your hysterical uncle making up his own facts to support unsustainable arguments , but he ’s hardly the first to have done so on the NYT op ed page in the past year alone .
A little reality is n’t going to slow down Morris ’ train of hysteria — Iran ’s nuclear program and Ahmadinejad ’s bluster about Israel disappearing “ has Israel ’s political and military leaders on tenterhooks , ” he proclaims .
Oh yeah ?
How come whenever they ’re behind closed doors and not talking to gullible Americans , they let on that they know that even a nuclear - armed Iran represents no “ existential threat ” to Israel ?
If Israelis are on tenterhooks , it ’s not the political and military leadership who understand the realities ; it ’s the public that has listened to its political leaders spin up an endless torrent of baseless hysteria about Iran under the absurd rubric of “ 1938 all over again ” .
Morris ’s menaces extend to Hizballah in the north with its rockets — which only seem to be fired on Israel when Lebanon is under attack by the Israelis — and then there is Hamas , armed to the teeth with rockets and ready to fight until every inch of Palestine “ is under Islamic rule and law . ”
( Actually , Hamas has not even imposed Shariah law in that tiny patch of Palestine — Gaza — that it currently controls , so it seems to be making a poor start . )
You ’d think that the 100 - 1 ratio of Palestinian to Israeli casualties of the first four days of the Gaza offensive would give the lie to the idea that Israel is threatened with annihilation by Hamas and its rockets .
And then there ’s the “ internal ” menace , Israel ’s Arab population , which identifies more with the Palestinians , which they essentially are , than with the Jewish population of a state that offers them a second - class citizenship .
( Go figure , eh ? )
Morris concludes by warning that Israel is feeling closed in by these intolerable menaces , and that the Gaza bloodbath wo n’t be the last time it lashes out .
Sounds ominously like a threat of new ethnic cleansing , actually .
( Actually , the “ internal ” menace that Morris does n’t mention is the fact that growing numbers of young Israelis do n’t live in Morris ’s echo chamber of existential threats everywhere they look ; they ’re evading military service in record numbers and are , increasingly , moving abroad , having seen through the fiction that the whole world is a cesspool of virulent antisemitism . )
Essentially , Morris would have us excuse the bloodbath in Gaza in light of the specter of a new Holocaust .
That ’s a little deranged , actually .
Cynically wielding the Holocaust as a cudgel to intimidate critics into silence , as Burg points out in his book , is a well established trope of Israeli p.r .
But when a vast military machine is being unleashed on a captive population under siege , whose most militant members are lightly armed and try to make up in suicidal courage for what they lack in materiel , the image most likely to spring to mind is that of the Warsaw Ghetto .
Robert Fisk , in his own analysis , does something rarely found in the columns of U.S. news outlets :
He reminds us who the Gazans are :
How easy it is to snap off the history of the Palestinians , to delete the narrative of their tragedy , to avoid a grotesque irony about Gaza which – in any other conflict – journalists would be writing about in their first reports : that the original , legal owners of the Israeli land on which Hamas rockets are detonating live in Gaza .
That is why Gaza exists : because the Palestinians who lived in Ashkelon and the fields around it – Askalaan in Arabic – were dispossessed from their lands in 1948 when Israel was created and ended up on the beaches of Gaza .
They – or their children and grandchildren and great - grandchildren – are among the one and a half million Palestinian refugees crammed into the cesspool of Gaza , 80 per cent of whose families once lived in what is now Israel .
This , historically , is the real story : most of the people of Gaza do n’t come from Gaza .
But watching the news shows , you ’d think that history began yesterday , that a bunch of bearded anti-Semitic Islamist lunatics suddenly popped up in the slums of Gaza – a rubbish dump of destitute people of no origin – and began firing missiles into peace - loving , democratic Israel , only to meet with the righteous vengeance of the Israeli air force .
The fact that the five sisters killed in Jabalya camp had grandparents who came from the very land whose more recent owners have now bombed them to death simply does not appear in the story .
Now , when it comes to understanding and responding to the crisis , we have the comments made by President - elect Barack Obama last July in Sderot , which were widely quote in response to the weekend ’s strikes :
“ If somebody was sending rockets into my house where my two daughters sleep at night , I ’m going to do everything in my power to stop that .
And I would expect Israelis to do the same thing . ”
I suppose the question I ’d like to ask Obama , in the very Jewish tradition of asking how I would experience that which I was about to do to another , is what he would do if someone had moved his grandparents out of their home and forced them into a refugee camp , where he and his daughters lived , caged in , and were now being slowly choked of any meaningful livelihood , denied access to medicines , elecricity , even basic foodstuffs sometimes .
What , I wonder would he do then ?
( He needs to have a meaningful answer to that question if he ’s to be anything other than an obstacle to progress in the Middle East , like Bush has been .
He may want to take a lesson from “ Mr. Zig - Zag ” here :
On the election campaign trail in 1999 , Ehud Barak was asked what he’d have done if he ’d been born Palestinian , and answered without hesitation , “ Joined a fighting organization . ”
A moment of rare honesty , that . )
It will be up to Obama , more than any other world leader , to change the morbid dynamic between Israel and the Palestinians — because it is a U.S. - authored conceptual approach that undergirds the current travesty in Gaza .
I wrote in the National last weekend , Israel ’s attack on Gaza was closely paralleled with the murder in Marquez ’s Chronicle of a Death Foretold :
It ’s not that Israel wanted to attack Gaza ; it would have us believe it had no choice .
Like the Vicario brothers in Gabriel Garcia Marquez ’s masterful novel Chronicle of a Death Foretold – who believed they were honour - bound to kill Santiago Nasar for sleeping with their sister , and told anyone who would listen of their intention in the unspoken hope that someone would stop them – Israel , too , had been yelling from the rooftops its intention to strike Gaza .
… Just as in the Marquez novel , what propelled the Gaza tragedy forward to its bloody conclusion was that neither the Israelis nor anyone they told of their plan were willing to confront the absurdity of the ‘ rules ’ that made them believe they were obliged to spill blood .
Israel claimed that it had no choice but to launch a military campaign that has begun with air strikes but will probably escalate to some form of ground invasion .
The context of the renewed rocket launching , of course , was the breakdown of the ceasefire brokered by Egypt between Israel and Hamas in June , which expired last week .
Israel set off the latest upsurge in rocket attacks by launching raids on Nov 5 which it said were necessary to stop Palestinians tunnelling under the boundary fence .
But the ceasefire has not really worked for Hamas , because it had expected that in exchange for holding its fire , not only would Israel reciprocate but it would also begin to ease the crippling economic siege , the objective of which was the overthrow of the Hamas government .
Israel insists that was n’t what it agreed , saying it had offered only “ calm for calm ” – and that the same offer was still on the table .
But why would Hamas settle for a cease - fire that removed the threat of Israeli bombs , but did nothing to relax Israel ’s chokehold on its economy ?
… Israel has painted itself into a strategic corner – with the enthusiastic support of the Bush administration – by continuing its quest to reverse the choice of the Palestinian electorate in 2006 .
Even some in the Israeli security establishment recognise that the fundamental flaw in Israel ’s policy over Gaza is its refusal to recognise political reality .
“ The state of Israel must understand that Hamas rule in Gaza is a fact , and it is with that government that we must reach a situation of calm , ” Shmuel Zakai , former chief of the Israeli military ’s Gaza division , told Israel Army Radio last week .
Israel ’s error , he said , was in failing to improve the economic situation in Gaza once the truce took hold , and instead maintaining a chokehold that worsened the situation .
… The US - Israeli strategy on Hamas in Gaza has been a spectacular failure because it is fatally flawed ( by its inability to relinquish the goal of reversing the results of the 2006 Palestinian election by anti-democratic means ) .
So when , in the coming days , you hear Israeli leaders claiming they “ had no choice ” but to go to war in Gaza , remember the Vicario brothers of Gabriel Garcia ’s novel , who also believed they had no choice .
And also remember that Marquez , in his book , blamed the whole town and its anachronistic codes for failing to stop a tragedy that unfolded in slow motion and in plain sight .
Many Israelis are questioning the old fictions about military action being able to solve Israel ’s problems .
The ever - excellent Tom Segev offers the following :
Israel is striking at the Palestinians to “ teach them a lesson . ”
That is a basic assumption that has accompanied the Zionist enterprise since its inception :
We are the representatives of progress and enlightenment , sophisticated rationality and morality , while the Arabs are a primitive , violent rabble , ignorant children who must be educated and taught wisdom – via , of course , the carrot - and - stick method , just as the drover does with his donkey .
The bombing of Gaza is also supposed to “ liquidate the Hamas regime , ” in line with another assumption that has accompanied the Zionist movement since its inception : that it is possible to impose a “ moderate ” leadership on the Palestinians , one that will abandon their national aspirations .
As a corollary , Israel has also always believed that causing suffering to Palestinian civilians would make them rebel against their national leaders .
This assumption has proven wrong over and over .
All of Israel ’s wars have been based on yet another assumption that has been with us from the start : that we are only defending ourselves .
“ Half a million Israelis are under fire , ” screamed the banner headline of Sunday ’s Yedioth Ahronoth – just as if the Gaza Strip had not been subjected to a lengthy siege that destroyed an entire generation ’s chances of living lives worth living .
It is admittedly impossible to live with daily missile fire , even if virtually no place in the world today enjoys a situation of zero terror .
But Hamas is not a terrorist organization holding Gaza residents hostage :
It is a religious nationalist movement , and a majority of Gaza residents believe in its path .
One can certainly attack it , and with Knesset elections in the offing , this attack might even produce some kind of cease - fire .
But there is another historical truth worth recalling in this context :
Since the dawn of the Zionist presence in the Land of Israel , no military operation has ever advanced dialogue with the Palestinians .
Indeed , soon enough , this bloody mess will end in another cease - fire , having hardly changed the political equation in Gaza at all — much to the chagrin of the Bush Administration , the Israeli government and the regimes in Cairo and Ramallah who are quietly cheering Israel ’s assault in the hope that it fatally weakens Hamas .
That cease - fire will end rocket fire on Israel , but will also likely require the opening of the border crossings into Gaza .
If so , that ’s an outcome that could have been achieved without the killing of close to 400 people .
And my money says that this cynical show of force by Barak and Tzipi Livni wo n’t even stop Bibi Netanyahu from winning Israel ’s February election .
The killing in Gaza , in other words , even by the most cynical measure , has been utterly senseless .
Today we shipped the ASP .
NET MVC 1.0 Release Candidate ( RC ) .
Click here to download it ( note : the link just went live so if it is n’t working wait a few minutes for the server you are hitting to refresh ) .
It works with both Visual Studio 2008 and Visual Web Developer 2008 ( which is free ) .
Today ’s RC is the last public release of ASP .
NET MVC that we ’ll ship prior to the final “ 1.0 ” release .
We expect to ship the final ASP .
NET MVC 1.0 release next month .
In addition to bug fixes , today ’s build includes several new features .
It also includes some refinements to existing features based on customer feedback .
Please read the release notes that ship with the ASP .
NET MVC download for full details on all changes .
The release notes include detailed instructions on how to upgrade existing applications built with the ASP .
NET MVC Beta to the RC .
Visual Studio Tooling Improvements
The RC includes several new Visual Studio tooling features ( above and beyond the existing support in the beta – which I wo n’t cover here ) .
These features include :
Add Controller Command
You can now type Ctrl - M , Ctrl - C within an ASP .
NET MVC project , or right - click on the / Controller folder and choose the “ Add-> Controller ” context menu item to create new controller classes :
This will cause an “ Add Controller ” dialog to appear that allows you to name the Controller to create , as well as optionally indicate whether you wish to automatically “ scaffold ” common CRUD methods :
Clicking the “ Add ” button will cause the controller class to be created and added to the project :
Add View Command
You can now type Ctrl - M , Ctrl - V within a Controller action method , or right - click within an action method and choose the “ Add View ” context menu item to create new view templates :
This will cause an “ Add View ” dialog to appear that allows you to name and create a new view ( it is pre-populated with convention - based options ) .
It allows you to create “ empty ” view templates , or automatically generate / scaffold view templates that are based on the type of object passed to the view by the Controller action method .
The scaffolding infrastructure uses reflection when creating view templates – so it can scaffold new templates based on any POCO ( plain old CLR object ) passed to it .
It does not have a dependency on any particular ORM or data implementation .
For example , below we are indicating that we want to scaffold a “ List ” view template based on the sequence of Product objects we are passing from our action method above :
Clicking the “ Add ” button will cause a view template to be created for us within the \ Views \Products \ directory with a default “ scaffold ” implementation :
We can then run our application and request the / products URL within our browser to see a listing of our retrieved products :
The RC ships with a number of built - in scaffold templates : “ Empty ” , “ List ” , “ Details ” , “ Edit ” and “ Create ” ( you can also add your own scaffold templates – more details on this in a moment ) .
For example , to enable product editing support we can implement the HTTP - GET version of our “ Edit ” action method on our Products controller like below and then invoke the “ Add View ” command :
Within the “ Add View ” dialog we can indicate we are passing a “ Product ” object to our view and choose the “ Edit ” template option to scaffold it :
Clicking the “ Add ” button will cause an edit view template to be created with a default scaffold implementation within the \ Views \Products \ directory :
We can then run our application and request the / products / edit /1 URL within our browser to edit the Product details :
To save edit changes we can implement the HTTP - POST version of our “ Edit ” action method on our Products controller :
Notice in the code above how in the case of an error ( for example : someone enters a bogus string for a number value ) we redisplay the view .
The “ edit ” and “ create ” scaffold templates contain the HTML validation helper methods necessary to preserve user input and flag invalid input elements in red when this happens :
You ’ll rarely end up using a scaffold - created template exactly as - is , and often will end up completely replacing it .
But being able to get an initial implementation up and running quickly , and having an initial view template for your scenario that you can then easily tweak is really useful .
Because the scaffold infrastructure supports scaffolding views against any plain - old CLR object , you can use it with both domain model objects ( including those mapped with LINQ to SQL , LINQ to Entities , nHibernate , LLBLGen Pro , SubSonic , and other popular ORM implementations ) as well as to create scaffolds with custom Presentation Model / ViewModel classes .
Adding and Customizing Scaffold Templates
ASP .NET MVC ’s scaffolding infrastructure is implemented using Visual Studio ’s built - in T4 templating architecture ( Scott Hanselman has a nice blog post on T4 here ) .
You can customize / override any of the built - in ASP .
NET MVC scaffold template implementations .
You can also create additional scaffold templates ( for example : the “ ScottGu Crazy Look ” scaffold option ) and have them be displayed as options within the “ Add View ” dialog .
To customize / add scaffold templates at the machine - wide level , open the “ C: \Program Files \Microsoft Visual Studio 9.0\Common7\IDE\ItemTemplates \CSharp\Web\MVC\CodeTemplates ” folder :
The “ AddController ” sub - folder contains the scaffold template for the “ Add Controller ” dialog .
The “ AddView ” sub - folder contains the scaffold templates for the “ Add View ” dialog :
The scaffold templates populated within the “ Add View ” dialog are simply text files that have the “ .tt ” file - name extension .
These “ .tt ” text files contain inline C# or VB code that executes when the template is selected .
You can open and edit any of the existing files to customize the default scaffolding behavior .
You can also add new “ .tt ” template files – like I have above with the “ Scott Crazy Look.tt ” file .
When you add a new template file the “ Add View ” dialog will be updated to automatically include it in the list of available scaffold options :
In addition to customizing / adding template files at the machine level , you can also add / override them at the individual project level .
This also enables you to check - in the templates under source control and easily use them across a team .
You can customize the scaffold templates at a project level by adding a “ CodeTemplates ” folder underneath your project .
You can then have “ AddController ” and “ AddView ” sub - folders within it :
You can override any of the default machine - wide templates simply be adding a “ .tt ” file with the same name to the project .
For example , above we are overriding the default “ Controller.tt ” scaffold template used in “ Add Controller ” scenarios .
You can add new view - template scaffold files to the list by placing them within the “ AddView ” folder .
For example , above we added a “ Yet Another Crazy Look.tt ” view template to our project .
When we use the “ Add View ” dialog we ’ll now see a union of the templates defined at the machine and project level :
Note :
When you add “ .tt ” templates under the \ CodeTemplates folder make sure to set the “ Custom Tool ” property of each of the “ .tt ” template files to an empty string value within the property grid ( otherwise you ’ll get an error trying to run it ) .
You might also need to close and reopen the project to clear a spurious error from the error list .
We ’ll be publishing more blog posts that cover creating / customizing scaffolding templates shortly .
Go To Controller / Go To View
The RC build now supports the ability to quickly navigate between the Controllers and Views within your projects .
When your cursor is within a Controller action method you can type Ctrl - M , Ctrl - G to quickly navigate to its corresponding view template .
You can also perform this same navigation jump by right - clicking within the action method and selecting the “ Go To View ” menu option :
In the example above we used the “ Go To View ” command within the “ Edit ” action method of the ProductsController class .
This will cause the \ Views \Products \Edit.aspx view template to be opened and have the default focus within VS :
Within view templates you can also now type Ctrl - M , Ctrl - G to quickly navigate to the view ’s corresponding Controller class .
You can also perform this navigation jump by right - clicking within the view template and selecting the “ Go To Controller ” menu option :
MSBuild Task for Compiling Views
By default when you do a build on an ASP .
NET MVC project it compiles all code within the project , except for the code within view template files .
With the ASP.
NET MVC Beta you had to roll your own MSBuild task if you wanted to compile the code within view templates .
The ASP.NET MVC RC build now includes a built - in MSBuild task that you can use to include views as part of the project compilation process .
This will verify the syntax and code included inline within all views , master pages , and partial views for the application , and give you build errors if it encounters any problems .
For performance reasons we do n't recommend running this for quick compiles during development , but it is convenient to add to particular build configuration profiles ( for example : staging and deployment ) and / or for use with Build or CI ( continuous integration ) servers .
Please review the release notes for the steps to enable this .
View Refactoring Support
The names of the files and folders under the \ Views application sub - folder will now automatically be updated when you perform controller class rename or action method rename using the “ Rename ” refactoring command in VS 2008 .
VS 2008 will apply the standard convention - based naming pattern to existing view files / folders when the Controller class is updated .
View Improvements
The RC build includes a number of view - specific enhancements that were incorporated based on feedback during the preview releases .
Views without Code - Behind Files
Based on feedback we ’ve changed view - templates to not have a code - behind file by default .
This change helps reinforce the purpose of views in a MVC application ( which are intended to be purely about rendering and to not contain any non-rendering related code ) , and for most people eliminates unused files in the project .
The RC build now adds C# and VB syntax support for inheriting view templates from base classes that use generics .
For example , below we are using this with the Edit.aspx view template – whose “ inherits ” attribute derives from the ViewPage < Product > type :
One nice benefit of not using a code - behind file is that you 'll now get immediate intellisense within view template files when you add them to the project .
With previous builds you had to do a build / compile immediately after creating a view in order to get code intellisense within it .
The RC makes the workflow of adding and immediately editing a view compile - free and much more seamless .
Important :
If you are upgrading a ASP .
NET MVC project that was created with an earlier build make sure to follow the steps in the release notes – the web.config file under the \ Views directory needs to be updated with some settings in order for the above generics based syntax to work .
Model Property
With previous builds of ASP.
NET MVC , you accessed the strongly typed model object passed to the view using the ViewData .
Model property :
The above syntax still works , although now there is also a top - level " Model " property on ViewPage that you can also use :
This property does the same thing as the previous code sample - its main benefit is that it allows you to write the code a little more concisely .
It also allows you to avoid using the ViewData dictionary in cases where you want the view template to only interact with the strongly - typed model passed to it .
Setting the Title
The default master - page template added to new ASP .
NET MVC projects now has an < asp:contentplaceholder /> element within its < head > section .
This makes it much easier for view templates to control the < title > element of the HTML page rendered back – and not require the Controller to explicitly pass a “ title ” parameter to configure it ( which was the default with previous ASP .
NET MVC builds and we thought questionable from a responsibilities perspective ) .
For example , to customize the < title > of our Edit view to include the current product name we can now add the below code to our Edit.aspx template to drive the title directly off of the model object being passed the view :
The above code will then cause the browser to render the title using the Product name at runtime :
In addition to setting the < title > element , you can also use the above approach to dynamically add other < head > elements at runtime .
Another common scenario this is useful with is configuring model / view specific < meta /> elements for search engine optimization .
Strongly Typed HTML / AJAX Helpers
One of the requests a few people have asked for is the ability to use strongly - typed expression syntax ( instead of strings ) when referring to the Model when using a View's HTML and AJAX helper objects .
With the beta build of ASP .
NET MVC this was n't possible , since the HtmlHelper and AjaxHelper helper classes did n't expose the model type in their signature , and so people had to build helper methods directly off of the ViewPage < TModel > base class in order to achieve this .
The ASP.NET MVC RC build introduces new HtmlHelper < TModel > and AjaxHelper < TModel > types that are exposed on the ViewPage < TModel > base class .
These types now allow anyone to build strongly - typed HTML and AJAX helper extensions that use expression syntax to refer to the View 's model .
For example :
The HTML form helper extension methods in the core ASP .
NET MVC V1 assembly still use the non-expression based string syntax .
The “ MVC Futures ” assembly released today ( which works with the RC ) has a few initial implementations of expression - syntax based form helper methods .
We are going to iterate on these a bit longer and then consider adding them into the ASP .
NET MVC core assembly in the next release .
You can of course also add your own helper methods ( using either strings or strongly - typed expressions ) .
The built - in HTML / AJAX helper methods can also optionally be removed ( because they are extension methods ) if you want to replace or override them with your own
Form Post Improvements
The RC build includes a number of form - post specific enhancements :
[ Bind ( Prefix = ” ” ) ]
No Longer Required for Common Scenarios
The RC build no longer requires you to explicitly use a [ Bind ] attribute ( or set its prefix value to “ ” ) in order to map incoming form post parameters that do not have a prefix to complex action method parameters .
To see what this means , let ’s implement the “ Create ” scenario for our ProductsController .
We ’ll begin by implementing the HTTP - GET version of our “ Create ” action method .
We ’ll do this with code below that returns a View based on an empty Product object :
We can then right - click within our action method , choose the “ Add View ” command and scaffold a “ create ” view template that is based on a Product :
Notice above how our Html. TextBox ( ) helper methods are referencing the “ ProductName ” and “ SupplierID ” properties on our Product object .
This will generate HTML markup like below where the input “ name ” attributes are “ ProductName ” and “ SupplierID ” :
We can then implement the HTTP - POST version of our “ Create ” action method .
We ’ll have our action method take a Product object as a method parameter :
With the ASP.
NET MVC Beta we would have had to add a [ Bind ( Prefix= ” ” ) ] attribute in front of our Product argument above – otherwise the ASP .
NET MVC binding infrastructure would have only looked for form post values with a “ productToCreate . ” prefix ( for example : productToCreate.ProductName and productToCreate.SupplierID ) and not found the submitted values from our form ( which do n’t have a prefix ) .
With the RC build , the default action method binders still first attempt to map a productToCreate .
ProductName form value to the Product object .
If they do n’t find such a value , though , they now also attempt to map “ ProductName ” to the Product object .
This makes scenarios where you pass in complex objects to an action method syntactically cleaner and less verbose .
You can take advantage of this feature both when mapping domain objects ( like our Product object above ) as well as with Presentation Model / ViewModel classes ( like a ProductViewModel class ) .
A completed implementation of our Create action method ( including basic input type error handling ) might look like below :
Now our create action will save the Product object if all values are entered correctly .
When a user attempts to create a Product with invalid Product property values ( for example : a string “ Bogus ” instead of a valid Decimal value ) , the form will redisplay and flag the invalid input elements in red :
ModelBinder API Improvements
The model binding infrastructure within the ASP .
NET MVC Release Candidate has been refactored to add additional extensibility points to enable custom binding and validation schemes .
You can read more about these details in the ASP .
NET MVC RC release notes .
Model Binders can also now be registered for interfaces in addition to classes .
IDataErrorInfo Support
The default model binder with ASP .
NET MVC now supports classes that implement the IDataErrorInfo interface .
This enables a common approach to raise validation error messages in a way that can be shared across Windows Forms , WPF and now ASP .
NET MVC applications .
Unit Testing Improvements
The ASP.NET MVC RC includes some significant improvements to unit testing :
ControllerContext changed to no longer derive from RequestContext
The RC build includes a refactoring of the ControllerContext class that significantly simplifies common unit testing scenarios .
The ControllerContext class no longer derives from RequestContext and now instead encapsulates RequestContext and exposes it as a property .
The properties of ControllerContext and its derived types are also now virtual instead of sealed – making it significantly easier to create mock objects .
To see how this helps , let ’s consider an action method like below that uses both the “ Request ” and “ User ” intrinsic objects :
Testing the above action method with previous ASP .
NET MVC builds would have required mocking RequestContext and ControllerContext ( with some non-obvious constructors that also brought in a RouteData object ) .
With the RC build we can now unit test it like below ( using Moq to mock a ControllerContext for our Controller that allows us to simulate the Request .
IsAuthenticated and User.Identity .
Name properties ) :
The refactoring improvements made help out not just with testing Controller actions – but also help with testing filters , routes , custom actionresult types , and a variety of other scenarios .
AccountsController Unit Tests
The ASP.
NET MVC Project Template included with the RC build now adds 25 pre-built unit tests that verify the behavior of the AccountsController class ( which is a controller added to the project by default to handle login and account management scenarios ) .
This makes refactoring / updating AccountsController easier .
The AccountsController implementation has also been modified to more easily enable non-Membership Provider based credential systems to be integrated .
Cross Site Request Forgery ( CSRF ) Protection
Cross - site request forgery ( CSRF ) attacks ( also referred to as XSRF attacks ) cause users of a trusted browser agent to take unintended actions on a site .
These attacks rely on the fact that a user might still be logged in to another site .
A malicious Web site exploits this by creating a request to the original site ( for example : by linking to a URL on the site using a < img src= ” ” /> element on the hacker site ) .
The request is made using the user ’s browser and thus with the user ’s authentication token and credentials .
The attacker hopes that the user ’s authentication or session cookie is still valid and if so , the attacker can sometimes take disruptive action .
You can learn more about this hacking technique here .
The ASP.
NET MVC RC now includes some built - in CSRF protection helpers that can help mitigate CSRF attacks .
For example , you can now use the Html. AntiForgeryToken ( ) helper to render a hidden input token within forms :
This helper issues a HTTP cookie and renders a hidden input element into our form .
Malicious web - sites will not be able to access both values .
We can then apply a new [ ValidateAntiForgeryToken ] attribute onto any action method we want to protect :
This will check for the existence of the appropriate tokens , and prevent our HTTP - POST action method from running if they do n’t match ( reducing the chance of a successful CSRF attack ) .
File Handling Improvements
The ASP.NET MVC RC includes a number of file handling enhancements :
FileResult and File ( ) helper method
The RC build adds a new FileResult class that is used to indicate that a file is being returned as an ActionResult from a Controller action method .
The Controller base class also now has a set of File ( ) helper methods that make it easy to create and return a FileResult .
For example , let ’s assume we are trying to build a photo management site .
We could define a simple “ Photo ” class like below that encapsulates the details about a stored Photo :
We could then use the new File ( ) helper method like below to implement a “ DisplayPhoto ” action method on a PhotoManager controller that could be used to render the Photo out of a database store .
In the code below we are passing the File ( ) helper the bytes to render , as well as the mime - type of the file .
If we pointed a < img src= ” ” /> element at our action method URL the browser would display the photo inline within a page :
If we wanted an end - user to be able to download the photo and save it locally , we could implement a “ DownloadPhoto ” action method like below .
In the code below we are passing a third parameter – which will cause ASP .
NET MVC to set a header that causes the browser to display a “ Save As … ” dialog which is pre-populated with the filename we ’ve supplied :
When a user clicks a link to the / PhotoManager / DowloadPhoto / 1232 URL they ’ll be prompted to save the picture :
File Uploading Support
The RC build also includes built - in model - binder support for uploaded files and multi-part mime content .
For example , we could have a < form > whose enctype attribute is set to “ multipart / form - data ” perform a post to the / PhotoManager / UploadPhoto URL .
If a < input type = ” file ” name= ” fileToUpload ” /> element was within the form it would cause the file selected by the end - user to be passed to our action method as an HttpPostedFileBase object :
We could then use the HttpPostedFileBase object to get access to the raw bytes of the uploaded file , its mime - type , and optionally save it to a database or disk .
AJAX Improvements
The ASP.NET MVC RC includes a number of AJAX enhancements :
j Query Intellisense Files included within ASP.NET MVC Project Template
Newly created ASP.
NET MVC projects now include both the standard jQuery library ( both full and compressed versions ) , as well as the –vsdoc intellisense documentation file used by Visual Studio to provide richer intellisense support for it ( you can learn more about this here ) :
This enables rich jQuery JavaScript intellisense within client - script blocks and JavaScript files :
Today ’s RC build ships jQuery 1.2.6 .
We are planning to ship the upcoming jQuery 1.3.1 release for the final ASP .
NET MVC 1.0 release , and will include an updated JavaScript intellisense file for it .
Request .
IsAjaxRequest Property
The Request .
IsAjaxRequest property can be used to detect whether a request is being sent from an AJAX call on the client ( and is useful for scenarios where you want to gracefully degrade if AJAX is not enabled ) .
The logic within this method was updated with the RC to now recognize the “ X - Requested - With ” HTTP header ( in addition to the form field sent by ASP .
NET AJAX ) .
This is a well known header sent by JavaScript libraries such a Prototype , jQuery , and Dojo – and now enables a unified way to check for AJAX within an ASP .
NET MVC request .
JavaScriptResult ActionResult and JavaScript ( ) helper method
The Controller base class now has a JavaScript ( ) helper method that returns a new ActionResult class of type JavaScriptResult .
This supports the ability to return raw JavaScript that will then be executed on the client by the built - in ASP .
NET MVC helper methods .
This can be useful for scenarios where you want to cause conditional JavaScript to execute on the client based on server logic .
Summary
We are pretty excited to be in the final “ home stretch ” of ASP .
NET MVC V1 .
Please report any issues you find with the RC build as soon as possible so that we can get them resolved for the final release .
The team plans to carefully monitor feedback over the next few weeks , and assuming no big issues come up ship the official V1 build next month .
Hope this helps ,
Scott
I regard democracy as the most radical and revolutionary idea of our time .
The powers that rule us talk about it .
But they resist it with all the wiles and techniques at their command .
It used to be clear that the ruling classes had the wealth , authority and power while those underneath did not .
This started to change when the right to appoint our rulers moved from the wallet to the ballot .
Now they are doing everything they can to preserve their power .
This is why democratic rights and civil liberties are so important and essential .
We must now preserve our right to speak , to assemble , to organise , to move around freely and protect our identity , and not become crushed by the state .
Only last week I was on my way to the House of Commons when I was pulled over by the police .
They said that because I was close to a " government establishment " they were stopping and searching me and my car under anti-terrorism powers .
Being questioned by the police under suspicion of being a terrorist is not a pleasant experience .
I would not wish it on anyone .
More important , will all the details they took now be registered on their database ?
Will I become a terrorist suspect on the grounds of their random stop and search ?
Can I be informed of this ?
I have written to the home secretary to ask .
In my case I know how to do this .
The experience may be much more intimidating for other members of the public .
It may prevent them from demonstrating or speaking up when they wish to .
This is a small example of why the attempt to impose ID cards , which will become a generalised permission to control us , is entirely wrong .
This is why I went to support David Davis when he took the issue to his constituents in Haltemprice and Howden last summer .
He was quite right to protest that the House of Commons was not doing its job , and to take the issue to the voters the best way he could .
Support for imprisoning people without charge dropped considerably thanks to his campaign alerting the public that it would give permission to the police to hold the innocent at will .
Opposing this is not a left or right issue , it is a fundamental and deeply radical principle .
With its new website liberty central and its support for the Convention on Modern Liberty on 28 February , the Guardian has now taken up this issue .
I do n't always agree with the Guardian .
But with all respect nor do I agree with one comment that has been forwarded to me which says , " The Guardian promotes a site based on Tory principles of liberty and small government ?
Hooray ! "
Or another that says , " I am suspicious of this liberty push , because most of those involved seem to sidestep the issue of social justice and equality . "
Of course we need good government .
Of course we need it to have policies that deliver greater social justice and equality .
But the more influential government becomes the more it is essential that it respects our liberties .
Its obligation must be to serve the people , not rule over them .
We have to insist on this principle .
It is not a matter of left or right , Tory or Labour .
In fact it is essential to defend liberty to the hilt especially if , like me , you want a government that can protect the weak and vulnerable .
The more government has influence over economic and social policy , the more democratic , open , accountable and respectful of our liberties it needs to be .
Otherwise , if it is not based on the wishes of a free people , the rich and powerful corporations will take advantage of any lack of democracy .
We all know there are rightwing libertarians who want liberty and have a different approach to economic and social policy .
All the more reason not to allow them to walk off with our fundamental principles .
Long live liberty !
After examining the virtual address layout of a process , we turn to the kernel and its mechanisms for managing user memory .
Here is gonzo again :
Linux processes are implemented in the kernel as instances of task_struct , the process descriptor .
The mm field in task_struct points to the memory descriptor , mm_struct , which is an executive summary of a program 's memory .
It stores the start and end of memory segments as shown above , the number of physical memory pages used by the process ( rss stands for Resident Set Size ) , the amount of virtual address space used , and other tidbits .
Within the memory descriptor we also find the two work horses for managing program memory : the set of virtual memory areas and the page tables .
Gonzo's memory areas are shown below :
Each virtual memory area ( VMA ) is a contiguous range of virtual addresses ; these areas never overlap .
An instance of vm_area_struct fully describes a memory area , including its start and end addresses , flags to determine access rights and behaviors , and the vm_file field to specify which file is being mapped by the area , if any .
A VMA that does not map a file is anonymous .
Each memory segment above ( e.g. , heap , stack ) corresponds to a single VMA , with the exception of the memory mapping segment .
This is not a requirement , though it is usual in x86 machines .
VMAs do not care which segment they are in .
A program 's VMAs are stored in its memory descriptor both as a linked list in the mmap field , ordered by starting virtual address , and as a red - black tree rooted at the mm_rb field .
The red - black tree allows the kernel to search quickly for the memory area covering a given virtual address .
When you read file / proc / pid_of_process / maps , the kernel is simply going through the linked list of VMAs for the process and printing each one .
In Windows , the EPROCESS block is roughly a mix of task_struct and mm_struct .
The Windows analog to a VMA is the Virtual Address Descriptor , or VAD ; they are stored in an AVL tree .
You know what the funniest thing about Windows and Linux is ?
It 's the little differences .
The 4GB virtual address space is divided into pages .
x86 processors in 32 - bit mode support page sizes of 4KB , 2MB , and 4MB .
Both Linux and Windows map the user portion of the virtual address space using 4KB pages .
Bytes 0-4095 fall in page 0 , bytes 4096 - 8191 fall in page 1 , and so on .
The size of a VMA must be a multiple of page size .
Here 's 3GB of user space in 4KB pages :
The processor consults page tables to translate a virtual address into a physical memory address .
Each process has its own set of page tables ; whenever a process switch occurs , page tables for user space are switched as well .
Linux stores a pointer to a process ' page tables in the pgd field of the memory descriptor .
To each virtual page there corresponds one page table entry ( PTE ) in the page tables , which in regular x86 paging is a simple 4 - byte record shown below :
Linux has functions to read and set each flag in a PTE .
Bit P tells the processor whether the virtual page is present in physical memory .
If clear ( equal to 0 ) , accessing the page triggers a page fault .
Keep in mind that when this bit is zero , the kernel can do whatever it pleases with the remaining fields .
The R/ W flag stands for read / write ; if clear , the page is read - only .
Flag U/S stands for user / supervisor ; if clear , then the page can only be accessed by the kernel .
These flags are used to implement the read - only memory and protected kernel space we saw before .
Bits D and A are for dirty and accessed .
A dirty page has had a write , while an accessed page has had a write or read .
Both flags are sticky : the processor only sets them , they must be cleared by the kernel .
Finally , the PTE stores the starting physical address that corresponds to this page , aligned to 4KB .
This naive - looking field is the source of some pain , for it limits addressable physical memory to 4 GB .
The other PTE fields are for another day , as is Physical Address Extension .
A virtual page is the unit of memory protection because all of its bytes share the U/S and R/ W flags .
However , the same physical memory could be mapped by different pages , possibly with different protection flags .
Notice that execute permissions are nowhere to be seen in the PTE .
This is why classic x86 paging allows code on the stack to be executed , making it easier to exploit stack buffer overflows ( it 's still possible to exploit non-executable stacks using return - to - libc and other techniques ) .
This lack of a PTE no -execute flag illustrates a broader fact : permission flags in a VMA may or may not translate cleanly into hardware protection .
The kernel does what it can , but ultimately the architecture limits what is possible .
Virtual memory does n't store anything , it simply maps a program 's address space onto the underlying physical memory , which is accessed by the processor as a large block called the physical address space .
While memory operations on the bus are somewhat involved , we can ignore that here and assume that physical addresses range from zero to the top of available memory in one - byte increments .
This physical address space is broken down by the kernel into page frames .
The processor does n't know or care about frames , yet they are crucial to the kernel because the page frame is the unit of physical memory management .
Both Linux and Windows use 4KB page frames in 32 - bit mode ; here is an example of a machine with 2GB of RAM :
In Linux each page frame is tracked by a descriptor and several flags .
Together these descriptors track the entire physical memory in the computer ; the precise state of each page frame is always known .
Physical memory is managed with the buddy memory allocation technique , hence a page frame is free if it 's available for allocation via the buddy system .
An allocated page frame might be anonymous , holding program data , or it might be in the page cache , holding data stored in a file or block device .
There are other exotic page frame uses , but leave them alone for now .
Windows has an analogous Page Frame Number ( PFN ) database to track physical memory .
Let 's put together virtual memory areas , page table entries and page frames to understand how this all works .
Below is an example of a user heap :
Blue rectangles represent pages in the VMA range , while arrows represent page table entries mapping pages onto page frames .
Some virtual pages lack arrows ; this means their corresponding PTEs have the Present flag clear .
This could be because the pages have never been touched or because their contents have been swapped out .
In either case access to these pages will lead to page faults , even though they are within the VMA .
It may seem strange for the VMA and the page tables to disagree , yet this often happens .
A VMA is like a contract between your program and the kernel .
You ask for something to be done ( memory allocated , a file mapped , etc. ) , the kernel says " sure " , and it creates or updates the appropriate VMA .
But it does not actually honor the request right away , it waits until a page fault happens to do real work .
The kernel is a lazy , deceitful sack of scum ; this is the fundamental principle of virtual memory .
It applies in most situations , some familiar and some surprising , but the rule is that VMAs record what has been agreed upon , while PTEs reflect what has actually been done by the lazy kernel .
These two data structures together manage a program 's memory ; both play a role in resolving page faults , freeing memory , swapping memory out , and so on .
Let 's take the simple case of memory allocation :
When the program asks for more memory via the brk ( ) system call , the kernel simply updates the heap VMA and calls it good .
No page frames are actually allocated at this point and the new pages are not present in physical memory .
Once the program tries to access the pages , the processor page faults and do_page_fault ( ) is called .
It searches for the VMA covering the faulted virtual address using find_vma ( ) .
If found , the permissions on the VMA are also checked against the attempted access ( read or write ) .
If there 's no suitable VMA , no contract covers the attempted memory access and the process is punished by Segmentation Fault .
When a VMA is found the kernel must handle the fault by looking at the PTE contents and the type of VMA .
In our case , the PTE shows the page is not present .
In fact , our PTE is completely blank ( all zeros ) , which in Linux means the virtual page has never been mapped .
Since this is an anonymous VMA , we have a purely RAM affair that must be handled by do_anonymous_page ( ) , which allocates a page frame and makes a PTE to map the faulted virtual page onto the freshly allocated frame .
Things could have been different .
The PTE for a swapped out page , for example , has 0 in the Present flag but is not blank .
Instead , it stores the swap location holding the page contents , which must be read from disk and loaded into a page frame by do_swap_page ( ) in what is called a major fault .
This concludes the first half of our tour through the kernel 's user memory management .
In the next post , we 'll throw files into the mix to build a complete picture of memory fundamentals , including consequences for performance .
124 Comments
Squandered
This is how a government elected to stamp out sleaze became worse than its predecessor .
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian 27th January 2009
So now the circle is closed .
The government which won a landslide victory in 1997 after Tory MPs were revealed to have taken cash for parliamentary questions now faces far graver allegations : cash for laws ( 1,2 ) .
Along the way , almost every policy which distinguished it from John Major ’s corrupt and pointless regime has been abandoned .
The difference between these two moments – 1997 and 2009 – is that now there is nowhere to turn .
There are the minor parties , but they have been systematically excluded by another broken promise : the failure to reform the electoral system .
New Labour has engineered the worst of all worlds : it has sustained a system which ensures that only one of two parties has a chance of power , and it has rooted out the policies which made a choice between the two worthwhile .
At least when the Tories were in government we could dream of something better .
It is fitting and unsurprising that the scene of the new scandal is the unelected second chamber whose proper reform Blair and Brown have spent 12 years avoiding .
The deregulation of the banks , the love affair with the neocons , the failure to tax the rich , Peter Mandelson … is there any slithering cop - out which has not now returned to haunt this government ?
The premise of Robert Harris ’s novel The Ghost – that Blair ’s premiership was the creation of a foreign intelligence service – is correct in spirit if not in substance .
For twelve years the government of this country has acted as an agent of other powers : the US ; big business ; big money ; anything except the electorate .
It is hard now to believe that it was elected in a frenzy of hope very much like the excitement surrounding Barack Obama .
Tomorrow , with impeccable timing , the Alliance for Lobbying Transparency launches its campaign in parliament for public scrutiny of the contacts between legislators and professional hustlers ( 3 ) .
There ’s a major lobbying scandal about once a month in this country , and no one who is aware of the government ’s failure to regulate this industry should be surprised .
It was elected to stamp out sleaze , but since 1997 it has done almost nothing .
So do our noble lords , unmolested by the law , routinely put the interests of business above those of the people who did n’t elect them ?
As SpinWatch records , in 2007 some of them were selling parliamentary passes to lobbyists for defence , transport , freight and legal companies ( 4 ) .
In October of that year the Labour peer Lord Hoyle admitted that he had been paid by an arms company rep to introduce him to the minister for defence procurement , Lord Drayson ( 5 ) , although Lord Hoyle was cleared by a house of lords committee in May 2008 .
Last year , Lady Harris gave a researcher ’s pass to Robin Ashby , whose company lobbies ministers on behalf of BAE Systems and other weapons manufacturers .
Lady Harris is paid by Mr Ashby as an adviser to another company he runs ( 6 ) .
But the problem is not confined to the House of Lords .
Lobbying undermines democracy throughout the British government .
In March last year , for example , we discovered that the government passed data which it had withheld from the public to the airport operator BAA .
The data showed that a third runway at Heathrow would immediately breach European noise and pollution limits , ensuring that it could never be built .
BAA and the government worked together to re-engineer the figures to fit the limits .
Their fake data was then presented to the public in the government ’s consultation paper ( 7,8 ) .
It was used again this month to justify the decision to approve the third runway .
This is the kind of wheeze you ’d expect in Nigeria .
Like Nigeria , the UK has no effective safeguards against such collusion .
As the House of Commons Public Administration Committee points out , “ lobbying activity in the United Kingdom is subject to no specific external regulation . ” ( 9 ) Nor is it subject to anything resembling self - regulation .
The sleazebags who suborn our representatives operate in a world without rules .
On the other side of the fence , there are a few feeble constraints on the behaviour of MPs and officials .
For example , former ministers and civil servants who want to work for the companies they used to regulate have to apply to the Advisory Committee on Business Appointments .
Its members are a representative sample of British society : three lords and three knights , all white , all male , all educated at Oxford or Cambridge , all over 70 ( 10 ) .
These young firebrands never stop anyone from taking up a post in business , advising only that former ministers and officials do not become “ personally involved in lobbying ” for 12 months after they leave the government ( 11 ) .
This does n’t prevent them from telling their new employers who needs to be lobbied and how , and where the most lucrative opportunities might lie .
The rules have actually slackened over the past few years .
The new ministerial code published in 2007 dropped the requirement that meetings between ministers and lobbyists should be recorded ( 12 ) .
It ’s not just that contacts between legislators and business lobbyists are virtually unregulated ; we ’re not even allowed to see what ’s going on .
Earlier this month , the public administration committee proposed a series of anti-corruption rules .
They ’re a reasonable start , which would take us more or less to the position the United States reached in 1946 , when the Federal Regulation of Lobbying Act was passed .
Since then the US Congress , which admittedly has even graver cases of corruption to contend with , has passed a series of further laws , culminating in the 2007 Honest Leadership and Open Government Act .
Anyone can now see , with a quick internet search , who is lobbying whom , whom they represent and how much they are being paid .
Lobbyists who fail to comply with the rules can be imprisoned for five years ( 13 ) .
Last week Barack Obama signed an executive order banning everyone working for the government from participating in any matter relating to their former employment for two years after leaving office ( 14 ) .
But even the public administration committee ’s timid and dated proposals have been received with horror by government ministers .
The Cabinet Office minister Tom Watson told the committee “ we have a pretty good system in the UK ” and demanded that it show him evidence of a systemic problem within the lobbying industry ( 15 ) .
Some of us believe that a major scandal every few weeks is as much evidence as anyone would need , but Watson ’s Fork is a cunning device .
Without the regulations the committee proposes , whose purpose is to open the system up to public scrutiny , it ’s impossible to accumulate the comprehensive evidence Mr Watson demands .
Without this level of evidence , he wo n’t introduce regulations .
So what else should the government expect ?
The sleaze scandals , as they did during the dying days of the last Conservative government , will now emerge thick and fast , as disillusioned officials risk their liberty by leaking documents that should have been freely available , and journalists , scenting blood , close in .
Labour will be driven from office with the same howls of execration that saw off the Tories in 1997 .
But this time there ’ll be no bonfires , no bunting , no dancing in the streets , just the tired shuffling sound of a million more voters turning away from politics .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1. Jonathan Calvert , Claire Newell and Michael Gillard , 25th January 2009 .
Whispered over tea and cake : price for a peer to fix the law .
The Sunday Times .
2. Philippe Naughton , 26th January 2009 .
Peers apologise , but deny wrongdoing , as Sunday Times releases audio .
Times Online .
3. Lobbying Exposed , 28th January 2009 , 10 am , Portcullis House .
The Alliance for Lobbying Transparency .
4. SpinWatch , April 2008 .
Lobbying : Access and influence in Whitehall – Public Administration Committee .
Supplementary memorandum .
http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200809/cmselect/cmpubadm/36/36we36.htm#note121
5. David Leigh and Rob Evans , 26th October 2007 .
Peer was paid to introduce lobbyist to minister .
The Guardian .
6. James Macintyre , 26th June 2008 .
Exposed : the arms lobbyist in Parliament .
The Independent .
7. Marie Woolf and Jon Ungoed - Thomas , 9th March 2008 .
Evidence fix led to third runway being approved .
The Sunday Times .
8. See also Toby Helm , 18th January 2009 .
Fury at airport lobby links to No 10 .
The Observer .
9. House of Commons Public Administration Select Committee , 5th January 2009 .
Lobbying : Access and
influence in Whitehall .
Volume I , para 44 .
http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200809/cmselect/cmpubadm/36/36i.pdf
10 .
http://www.acoba.gov.uk/about_us.aspx
11 . House of Commons Public Administration Select Committee , ibid , para 96 .
12 . The Committee on Standards in Public Life , cited by the House of Commons Public Administration Select Committee , ibid , para 187 .
13 . Craig Holman , 2008 .
Making the U.S. Lobbying Disclosure Act Work as Intended :
Implications for the European Transparency Initiative .
Public Citizen .
http://www.europarl.europa.eu/comparl/afco/hearings/20071008/holman_en.pdf
14 . Barack Obama , January 2009 .
Executive Order — Ethics Commitments by Executive Branch Personnel .
http://www.whitehouse.gov/the_press_office/ExecutiveOrder-EthicsCommitments/
15 . Tom Watson , 19th June 2008 .
Public Administration Committee – Minutes of Evidence .
http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200809/cmselect/cmpubadm/36/8061901.htm
I ’ll like to say this is what I like of Ruby : it ’s community .
No matter if you ’re running on Windows , Linux , OSX , an esoteric version of Unix , you can still count with support
Well , skipping for a second the zealots of platforms , I ’ll like to comment on two things that happened in the past days .
Pure - Ruby Zlib
Daniel Berger started a bounty to workaround a issue with zlib building and working with Visual C++ 8.0
The full thread is here at ruby - talk .
While his work on getting a working Ruby on VC8 overlaps our work on MinGW build , the bounty will not only benefit him in the quest but the whole Ruby community .
A couple of days , when I thought the bounty was not attracting attention , 2 participants showed interest .
Both developers came with different approaches to the problem and one goal : contribute back .
To quote Charles own words :
Thanks Luis , but never mind , it was more about the challenge , and also supporting the effort to ease problems on windows .
I primarily use ruby on windows , and make use of the fruits of your ( one click installer ) , and daniel berger ’s ( win32 process , sys -* , et al ) labors every day ( at work that is :) .
Props to you guys for making ruby on windows usable …
I do n’t need to add anything else , or should I ?
Keep trying Windows configurations .
I know , I know , this can be a bit biased ( hint : I use Windows ) , but Fabio Akita did it again :
The Best Environment for Rails on Windows
First he published that in Portuguese , and after several comments he got convinced there was a market for a translation .
The tips for gVim setup are great , which is a nice way to share with the community how you can get productive without dumping your whole setup , going to a memory and wallet blown IDE or dumping your computer for a Mac .
What is the point ?
I know Fabio and he is a Mac user .
Even so , he is pretty aware that there are users that cannot afford get a Mac , or can not switch to Linux environments .
He took the time to write not one but two posts covering details on how you can be productive on Windows for doing Ruby and Rails development .
This is the example on how the community is great around the language , and that a few opinionated developers and their statements are not the way to measure the attitude of the community .
Got it ?
Closing
And for those who complain about gems not install properly on Windows , send the gem author to rake - compiler and tell them they no longer have an excuse .
Instead , the Japanese first tried many of the same remedies that the Bush administration tried and the Obama administration is trying  ultra - low interest rates , fiscal stimulus and ineffective cash infusions , among other things .
The Japanese even tried to tap private capital to buy some of the bad assets from banks , as Mr. Geithner proposed .
Image
One reason Japan ’s leaders were so ineffectual for so long was their fear of stoking public outrage .
With each act of the bailout , anger grew , making politicians more reluctant to force real reform , which only delayed the day of reckoning and increased the ultimate price tag .
Japanese taxpayers are estimated to have recouped less than half what it cost the government to bail out the banks .
A further lesson from Japan is that the bank rescue will determine the fate of the wider economy .
While President Obama has prioritized his stimulus plan , no stimulus is likely to succeed unless the banking sector is repaired .
The Japanese crisis of the 1990s and early 2000s had roots similar to the American crisis : a real estate bubble that collapsed , leaving banks holding trillions of yen in loans that were virtually worthless .
Initially , Japan ’s leaders underestimated how badly the real estate collapse would hurt the country ’s banks .
As in the United States , a policy of easy money had fueled both stock and real estate speculation , as well as reckless lending by banks .
Many in Japan thought that low interest rates and economic stimulus measures would help banks recover on their own .
In late 1997 , however , a string of bank failures set off a crippling credit crisis .
Prodded into action , the government injected 1.8 trillion yen into Japan ’s main banks .
But the injections  too small , poorly planned and based on little understanding of the extent of the banking sector ’s woes  failed to stem the growing crisis .
- Land new files in WebCore / platform related to accelerated compositing
Summary : Land new files in WebCore / platform related to accelerated compositing
' Phelps bong ' owner , seven others arrested RAW STORY
Published : Tuesday February 10 , 2009
Print This Email This Michael Phelps , the US swim star who won a record eight gold medals at the Beijing Olympics , will decide in the next two months whether or not he will compete at the 2012 London Olympics .
Phelps , suspended for three months by USA Swimming after a picture of him with a marijuana pipe was published by a British newspaper last week , will make his decision before climbing back into the pool for his next competitive race .
" It will take a few months , " Phelps told the Baltimore Sun .
" I 'll give it 30 or 60 days .
I think it will be better .
I 'm already happier now than I was , just having some part of my life back to normal , being able to swim again , having fun , joking around . "
Meanwhile , a news report Tuesday indicates that the not - as - famous guests at the party are turning out to be not - as - lucky as Phelps .
A South Carolina paper notes that police have made eight arrests already .
" The Richland County Sheriff 's Department has been taking a lot of heat from people in this country and all over the world , " WIS10 reports .
" They want to know why Sheriff Leon Lott is going after Michael Phelps . "
The report continues , " Many are saying the sheriff should concentrate on more serious crimes , or at the very least , not focus solely on the Olympic champion when there were others at the party who were also breaking the law . "
" Now it appears the case has expanded beyond Phelps ' activities , " WIS10 reports , adding " that since investigators began trying to build a case , they 've made eight arrests : seven for drug possession and one for distribution .
These are arrests that resulted as the sheriff 's department served search warrants . "
The TV station notes that the bong was also confiscated by the police department , and the owner - who apparently tried to get $ 100,000 for it on eBay - was one of the eight arrested .
Phelps , 23 , is pondering his future after a media frenzy that followed the publication of the photograph from a party in South Carolina , one that cost him a sponsorship from cereal - maker Kellogg , whose deal expires at month 's end .
Phelps has been working out here in his hometown , where children clamor for his autograph and to have pictures taken with him , even after the uproar and the sleepless nights that followed .
" I 'm not feeling too good physically , but I 'm actually able to sleep now .
I had a real hard time sleeping over the last two weeks or so , " Phelps said .
" Just swimming and thinking about everything going on .
Everything is back to what I call normal , I guess . "
Whether Phelps wants to swim at an Olympics in the nation where his troubling photo was published is uncertain , but the swim star said he has been able to laugh at being the butt of jokes over the matter .
" Unemployment is high .
Foreclosures are high .
Michael Phelps is high , " joked comedian David Letterman , who also spoke of a day being 23 and cloudy before saying , " No , wait , that 's Michael Phelps . "
Phelps went from hosting the season opener of Saturday Night Live to being a punch - line for the famed US sketch comedy television show , which took issue with Kellogg dropping Phelps and the person who took the photograph .
" If you 're at a party and you see Michael Phelps smoking a bong and your first thought is n't ' Wow , I get to party with Michael Phelps ' and instead you take a picture and sell it to a tabloid , you should take a long , hard look in the mirror , " cast member Seth Meyers said during the Phelps - related segment .
" I saw the SNL skit and I was just dying .
We definitely got a huge kick out of it , " Phelps said .
" My mom saw it , my sisters saw it , and everyone was e-mailing each other and sending each other the link , so it was pretty good . "
This video is from WIS , broadcast Feb 9 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
( with wire reports )
MIAMI , Florida ( CNN ) -- Florida 's largest private insurer is pulling the plug on homeowners ' policies in the state , citing the losses suffered since the brutal 2004 hurricane season .
The decision by State Farm Florida comes two weeks after state insurance regulators rejected the company 's request to raise rates by more than 47 % .
The decision means State Farm Florida - a subsidiary of national insurance giant State Farm Mutual - will no longer renew policies for its roughly 1.2 million customers in the Sunshine State .
" This is not an action we wanted to take , but one we must take given the realities of the Florida property insurance market , " company President Jim Thompson said in a statement announcing the decision .
The company said it has paid out $ 1.21 in claims for every dollar of premiums it has collected since 2000 and suffered billions in losses after the 2004 hurricane season , when four major storms hit the state .
And it said its net worth had dropped by nearly 25 % since 2006 even with no major disasters .
" This is not something any business can afford to do , " Thompson said .
Step requires state approval
Company spokeswoman Michal Connolly said the announcement is the first step in a two - year process that will require the approval of state regulators .
In a statement issued after the decision , Florida Insurance Commissioner Kevin McCarty said the company had warned that a withdrawal from the homeowners ' market was possible when it was seeking a rate increase .
He said his office had 90 days to approve the company 's plans .
" I will do everything within my power to protect Florida consumers from unnecessary destabilization of the insurance market that this might cause and to ensure that Florida consumers are protected and have access to insurance at rates that are not excessive or unfairly discriminatory , " McCarty said .
State Farm Florida was set up as a separate entity in 1998 to address what the company called the " unique risks " of doing business in Florida .
It said it had to borrow $ 750 million from its parent company after 2004 , and has been unable to pay that money back .
Florida 's largest insurer overall is the state - run , nonprofit Citizens Property Insurance company , established in 2002 to offer coverage in cases where private insurers wo n't write policies .
Ye cannae evaluate my space program !
Ye dinnae have the power !
That 's probably not exactly what NASA administrator Michael Griffin told Lori Garver , who is heading up Barack Obama 's space transition team .
But according to the Orlando Sentinel , that 's the gist of it .
While a spokesman for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration told the paper that agency officials were getting on famously with the Obama team , numerous reports suggest a more fraught relationship .
The White House has directed federal agencies to give the president - elect 's representatives an all - access pass , but several sources claim Griffin has sought to control access to his subordinates and stage - manage their interviews with the transition team .
Tensions apparently came to a head last week at a book party held in NASA 's library .
Attendees overheard an " animated " conversation between Griffin and Garver , a former associate administrator at the agency , during which the NASA head told Garver she was " not qualified " to assess the technical aspects of agency programs .
To Garver 's protestations that the team simply wanted to " look under the hood , " Griffin reportedly shot back : “ If you are looking under the hood , then you are calling me a liar , because it means you do n’t trust what I say is under the hood . "
To get to the source of this apparent bad blood , Ars spoke with Keith Cowing , a former NASA manager who now edits the Web site NASAWatch .
The main bone of contention , Cowing told us , is the Bush administration 's troubled " Vision for Space Exploration " moon program , which Griffin had been charged with bringing to fruition .
" He pretty much threw out what was done before and started from scratch , " says Cowing .
" He came up with a plan that a lot of people say really was n't ready for prime time , and he just shoved it down everyone 's throat . "
There were , admittedly , a few kinks to work out of the program 's flagship Ares I rocket .
There was the niggling question of whether the ship would actually have enough power to get into orbit .
Then there was the possibility that the rocket could shake its crew to pieces like a tuning fork from Hell , which some might call a design flaw .
Somehow , though , the Ares beat out some 30,000 alternative proposals .
" By coincidence , " says Cowing , " the design that was picked was the one [ Griffin ] drew on the back of an envelope the day he showed up . "
Despite " comical " design reviews , says Cowing , Griffin " hugged the program closer .
He tried to tell people that it was vetted and reviewed , but nobody really believes it .
This Ares rocket has been sucking every drop of moisture from every corner of the agency . "
Griffin , who holds more degrees than most people have socks , is accustomed to being the smartest guy in any given room .
But this very expertise may have made him deaf to criticism of his decisions at the agency — and now , apparently , resentful of attempts by outsiders who do n't share his impressive credentials to identify past mistakes .
The NASA head has expressed his desire to stay on at the agency under a new administration , but in November said that he believe it was unlikely Obama would ask him to remain .
It 's looking less likely by the day .
NETWORK ( 1976 )
The Paddy Chayefsky - scripted film , which earned 10 Oscar nominations , now seems like an amazingly dead - on dissection of where television was headed .
But it was n't always so .
'' People called Network a satire .
And we would say , ' No , it 's not a satire , it 's sheer reportage . '
Well , we have n't killed anybody on the air yet .
Yet !
I thought it was important to get someone as close to Walter Cronkite as you could get to play Howard Beale .
We thought about Gregory Peck .
Then Peter Finch said he had gotten a copy of the script and wanted to do it .
Paddy was delighted , but the foreignness of him bothered me .
[ Finch , who died two months before the 1977 Oscar ceremony , was a Brit . ]
Then Peter asked if I would send him a copy of The New York Times and he would read it into a tape recorder and send me the tape .
It was perfect .
There was no trace of an accent .
It 's embarrassing that Rocky beat us out .
Chayefsky was so prescient .
Everyone was saying we were going to take it all .
And on the flight out to L.A. , he said , ' Rocky 's going to take Best Picture . '
And I said , ' No , no , it 's a dopey little movie . '
And he said , ' It 's just the sort of sentimental crap they love out there . '
And he was right . ''
NEXT : Sidney Lumet on The Wiz
Ehud Olmert really does n’t care any more .
He is serving out his time as Israel ’s prime minister until next month ’s election , but then he will spend a long time fighting the corruption charges that forced him to resign , and he wo n’t be going back into politics afterward even if he wins .
Not after two bloody , futile wars in three years , he wo n’t .
So he ’s very angry , and he tells it like it is .
On January 8 , he had a problem .
The U.S. secretary of state , Condoleezza Rice , was going to vote for a United Nations Security Council resolution that called on both Israel and its Palestinian enemy , Hamas , to accept a ceasefire in the Gaza Strip .
Indeed , she had been largely responsible for writing it , and Olmert was furious .
He wanted more time to hammer Hamas , so he phoned up George W. Bush and yanked on his choke - chain .
According to Olmert ’s account of what happened , given in a speech on January 13 in the southern Israeli city of Ashkelon , “ I said , ” ˜ Get me President Bush on the phone ’ .
They said he was in the middle of giving a speech in Philadelphia .
I said , ” ˜I do n’t care : I have to talk to him now ’ .
They got him off the podium , brought him to another room , and I spoke to him . ”
“ I told him , ” ˜You ca n’t vote in favour of this resolution . ’
He said , ” ˜Listen , I do n’t know about it .
I did n’t see it .
I ’m not familiar with the phrasing ’. ” So Prime Minister Olmert told President Bush : “ I ’m familiar with it .
You ca n’t vote in favour . ”
Bush did as he was told : “ Mr Bush gave an order to Secretary of State Rice and she did not vote in favour of it — a resolution she cooked up , phrased , organised , and manoeuvred for , ” said Olmert triumphantly .
“ She was left pretty shamed , and abstained on a resolution she arranged . ”
The Security Council passed the resolution 14 - 0 , but the United States , its principal author , abstained .
Senior Israeli politicians are usually much more circumspect about the nature of their relationship with the occupants of the White House , and Olmert ’s colleagues were appalled that his anger had led him to speak so plainly .
It is one thing to talk to the president of the United States that way .
It is quite another thing to reveal to the American public that Israeli leaders talk to U.S. presidents in that tone of voice .
The Bush administration , deeply embarrassed , tried to deny Olmert ’s account of the conversation .
The State Department spokesman , Sean McCormack , said that the story was “ just 100 percent , totally , completely not true , ” and the White House deputy press secretary , Tony Fratto , said more cautiously that “ there are inaccuracies ” in Olmert ’s account of events .
Olmert ’s office replied curtly that “ the Prime Minister ’s comments on Monday were a correct account of what took place . ”
He really does n’t give a damn any more .
There is little reason to doubt Olmert ’s story : he may be extremely cross , but why would he make it up ?
After all , he did get his way .
And there is every reason to doubt the Bush administration ’s denials .
Not only does the story humiliate Bush personally , but it gives wings to the suspicion , already widespread in the United States , that under Bush , the Israeli tail has consistently wagged the American dog .
Merely to mention this issue is still to court accusations of anti-Semitism , but the fear of such accusations that once silenced any serious examination of Israeli influence on American foreign policy has dwindled in the past few years .
Indeed ,
Olmert ’s little indiscretion has opened up a wider question : is it normal for Israeli leaders to speak to American presidents like this ?
There can be little doubt that Ariel Sharon , Olmert ’s predecessor , also spoke to Bush in a bullying way , because he bullied everybody .
Did Binyamin Netanyahu give orders to Bill Clinton ?
Probably not , because silken menace is more his style , but he certainly got his way almost all of the time .
Did Yitzhak Shamir talk to George H.W. Bush that way ?
He would n’t have dreamt of it , and the senior Bush would never have stood for it .
These discussions usually end up being about the alleged power of the “ Jewish lobby ” over U.S. foreign policy , and in Congress it is obviously huge .
The vast majority of the members of Congress will always vote for bills that involve aid or support for Israel , in many cases because they know what will happen at the next election to those who do n’t .
But the key foreign policy decisions are made in the White House , not in Congress , and the presidency is different .
At the top , it really depends on who the president is .
Ronald Reagan always gave Israel everything it wanted , whereas Bush senior forced Shamir to start talking to the Palestinians after the first Gulf War and paved the way for the Oslo accords and the “ peace process . ”
The United States is still a sovereign country , and it can choose its own Middle East policy if it wishes .
Which way will it go under the new administration ?
Well , can you imagine Barack Obama letting an Israeli prime minister talk to him like that ?
Gwynne Dyer ’s latest book , Climate Wars , is published in Canada by Random House .
Republican Norm Coleman refuses to rule out an appeal if a three - judge panel rules against his challenge .
Coleman may continue legal challenges
Republican Norm Coleman on Tuesday refused to rule out an appeal if a three - judge panel rules against his challenge in what he called “ the race that never ends . ”
Coleman , who now has no Senate office to call his own , lunched with Senate Republicans Tuesday and Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele .
In the closed lunch meeting , Coleman gave his colleagues an update on his legal challenge to Democrat Al Franken ’s 225 - vote lead in Minnesota .
Advertisement
Coleman , who has been raising funds to help with his legal bills , said he does n’t even have to ask his Senate Republican colleagues for money because “ everybody knows how important this race is , how important this seat is . ”
Coleman said his lawyers will wrap up their arguments by the end of the week , and he expected a ruling to come down in a “ couple weeks . ”
If he loses , he would not say whether he would try to appeal a ruling with the state Supreme Court .
“ I ’m not ruling it in or ruling it out , let ’s see what the court does and hopefully they ’ll do the right thing , ” Coleman said .
He added : “ This process already is Tolstoy - esque . ”
Democrats have grown impatient with the case and have threatened to try to seat Franken , who would be the 59th Democrat in a chamber where 60 votes are needed to move substantial legislation .
The National Republican Senatorial Committee , meanwhile , recently gave Coleman $ 10,000 for his legal effort , according to a source , the latest sign that the GOP has no intention of giving up easily .
“ The reason why he ’s making such a fuss is that it ’s not going his way , ” said Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) , chairman of the Rules Committee .
But Schumer would n’t say whether there would be an effort by his committee or the Senate to seat Franken if Coleman appeals the matter , a move that would be open to a GOP filibuster .
“ The people of Minnesota will be very fair – that ’s all , ” Schumer said .
Note : G.W. Schulz is working on a project at the Center for Investigative Reporting about homeland security in the United States , “ America ’s War Within , ” which can be found here
.
The inaugural episode of ABC ’s newest reality television series did exactly as producer Arnold Shapiro told viewers it would : unabashedly celebrated the Department of Homeland Security .
It also failed in every conceivable way to critically examine the largest reorganization of the federal government since World War II .
“ Homeland Security USA ” is the latest iteration of reality TV that like the show “ Cops ” romanticizes actual working police catching bad guys , except that now the cops are n’t just snagging small - time drunks and corner crack dealers .
They ’re federal agents from the Department of Homeland Security with far greater power using the latest technology to keep America safe from terrorists and stop international organized criminals from trafficking massive quantities of narcotics into the United States .
Shapiro received full access with his camera teams to nearly every agency folded into the Department of Homeland Security when it was created in 2003 , from the Coast Guard to Customs and Border Protection , an access that no investigative journalist ever could attain .
But he made a deal with the devil in exchange that would cause any journalism ethics professor to blush in embarrassment .
Shapiro agreed to grant the department “ pre-screening ” rights over the series , according to The New York Times .
Missing , then , from the Jan. 6 premiere — and presumably from future episodes — are allegations like those unearthed by journalists and other watchdogs that some federal air marshals , for example , have accepted bribes , trafficked cocaine themselves and even sought to have a woman killed in one stupefying instance .
There is nothing like the reports of border agents taking luxury cars as payment for secretly allowing illegal immigrants to cross into the United States .
Not included either is any reference to the innumerable accounts from government overseers of dubious multimillion - dollar technology investments made by the department that were later abandoned after being deemed worthless .
Law enforcement bureaucrats featured in “ Homeland Security USA ” instead are cast as motivated not by the reliability of a government paycheck and an otherwise limitless federal budget with which to purchase new toys that frequently fail but by a simple desire to protect American families from the world ’s ghastly horrors .
“ I love investigative journalism , but that ’s not what we ’re doing , ” Shapiro told The Hollywood Reporter in May .
“ This show is heartening .
It makes you feel good about these people who are doing their best to protect us . ”
By no means do the American people begrudge law enforcement officials doing their jobs .
Quite the opposite .
They want police heroes to maintain the highest professional standards possible and for serious lawbreakers to be placed behind bars .
So it ’s indeed disheartening to realize that what some of the best news stories published and aired in recent years showed was the many ways in which the Department of Homeland Security has actually failed to protect America ’s borders and keep dangerous criminals off jet airliners , disconcerting truths that clash spectacularly with Shapiro ’s own take on reality , which ABC officials say will span 13 episodes .
For instance , a partnership between the journalism nonprofit ProPublica and USA Today published in November revealed that the Air Marshal Service , dramatically expanded after 9/11 , contained in its ranks at least 18 people charged with felonies .
One air marshal was hired despite at the time being under FBI investigation for skimming drug profits while working as a sheriff ’s deputy in Arkansas .
Another allegedly sneaked cash and cocaine past airport security .
Yet another allegedly tried to hire someone to murder his wife .
Other marshals had been fired from past law enforcement positions for misconduct but were hired by the Department of Homeland Security anyway .
According to the story : “ Since 9/11 , air marshals have taken bribes , committed bank fraud , hired an escort while on layover and doctored hotel receipts to pad expenses , records show .
They ’ve been found sleeping on planes and lost the travel documents of U.S. diplomats while on a whiskey - tasting trip in Scotland . ”
The show ’s first episode , titled “ This Is Your Car on Drugs , ” focuses on the exploits of Customs and Border Protection .
In one segment , a young woman arrives from Switzerland at the Los Angeles International Airport “ with no working papers but a suitcase full of titillating surprises ! ” ABC described it in advanced press copy sent out before the show aired .
She had revealing apparel in her suitcase , we learned during the Jan. 6 airing .
Meanwhile , the department ’s inspector general discovered something else at LAX in October .
Computer systems there managed by homeland security officials are susceptible to cyber attack because they ’re poorly guarded , according to a report .
One data system maintained by the Transportation Security Administration allowed anonymous access , which meant a hacker could log on without proper credentials .
In another incident , customs authorities installed high - speed wireless Internet access at the airport for their use , but it was hampered by technical problems and no one could say after a full year whether it had ever actually worked .
The report pointed to a 2007 incident in which customs officials suffered a major network outage at LAX that halted operations for hours and disrupted the travel of thousands , stranded on the airport ’s tarmac and elsewhere .
An aging IT infrastructure apparently exacerbated the problem .
In another segment of the show , Border Patrol officials inspect vehicles at the southwest border and execute a drug bust while cameras are rolling .
Multiple large packages of marijuana spill out of the spare tire and gas tank of the car as border agents grin broadly nearby .
Later at Washington state ’s border with Canada , 77 pounds of cocaine are found stuffed inside baby diapers after Shapiro ’s protagonists grow suspicious of a Ford Explorer .
“ The money that funds narcotics also funds terrorism , and the more of that we can stop , the better , ” one agent tells America following the seizure .
But when reporters Lowell Bergman and Andrew Becker teamed up for a project with Frontline / World and The New York Times last May , they found that there were roughly 200 open corruption investigations at three major homeland security components with border responsibilities : Customs and Border Protection , Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) and Citizenship and Immigration Services .
The journalists ( one a Center for Investigative Reporting co-founder and the other currently a staff reporter ) profiled nine customs officers and border agents who ’d been arrested between 2005 and 2008 .
Two of them , brothers named Raul and Fidel Villareal , disappeared for several months while under investigation before being captured in Tijuana last October and charged with smuggling Mexicans and Brazilians into the United States , using a government - issued vehicle to transport illegals to San Diego and laundering money .
Another man , Michael Gilliland , admitted receiving between $ 70,000 and $ 120,000 in bribes to wave cars piloted by smugglers through his inspection lane unmolested .
A former Marine who joined the Department of Homeland Security is believed to have taken as much as $ 80,000 in such bribes .
Others sprung detainees from ICE detention facilities .
One FBI agent told Becker and Bergman : “ There ’s more pressure on the other side of the border from the smuggling organizations to elicit the help of a corrupt border official .
The pool of individuals who are susceptible to corruption has grown . ”
Becker then reported for the Times in November that police arrested a veteran customs inspector in Del Rio , Texas , for allegedly helping to smuggle 3,000 pounds of cocaine into the United States over five years .
Media outlets in Texas all but missed the story because the press release announcing his indictment sent out by the regional U.S. attorney ’s office neglected to mention the man was an employee of the Department of Homeland Security .
But a standard note at the bottom disclosing that the department ’s inspector general was involved in the probe provided a crucial tip .
The customs officer also is accused of accepting $ 30,000 to falsify a passport application .
As producer Shapiro resides in an editing room melding together rapid - fire segments of brilliant television that portrays law enforcement technology as infallible and witless criminals and terrorists as sure to be caught , others have filed Freedom of Information
Act requests , studied little - noticed congressional reports and interviewed disenchanted whistle - blowers to show that while the multibillion - dollar Department of Homeland Security does protect America from the world ’s dark side , it also persists as a sinkhole for taxpayer dollars and a revolving door for government executives who turn their civil service jaunts into lucrative private - sector careers .
U.S. News & World Report in 2005 described the seamless transition for top homeland security officials to corporate positions .
Just before Tom Ridge took over as head of the new agency , two of his top aides joined a lobbying firm that represents major homeland security contractors , including Boeing and BearingPoint .
At least six others with big titles at the department , including Ridge himself , who eventually joined the board of a firm developing security technology , made similar moves .
We probably wo n’t learn it from “ Homeland Security USA , ” but the department is continually battered by corruption , including reports in 2007 that former FEMA officials charged the federal government double what their private consulting firms paid for subcontracted employees during the Hurricane Katrina cleanup , rates they insisted were “ industry standard . ”
In fact , the first episode did n’t touch the department ’s heavy reliance on private contractors , which made up a whole 40 percent of its activities last year .
Then there are the department ’s widespread problems with mismanagement .
In one extraordinarily ironic case , homeland security officials had to totally scrap a $ 52 million computer system that was supposed to better enable it to manage an annual budget of approximately $ 50 billion .
The department had originally intended to spend $ 229 million creating the failed eMerge2 program .
There was “ little to show for it ” despite the amount already poured into the system , according to one Government Accountability Office report .
Like the once wildly popular reality show “ Cops , ” Shapiro threatens to create the false impression that police are not vulnerable to corruption or breaking the law to enforce it and that the law enforcement lobby in the United States always acts in the best interests of the American people and their taxpayer dollars .
It would be equally false to assume that investigative journalism , which asks tough questions of the department , is intended to disrespect those who work in law enforcement or to be sympathetic of criminals who illegally move dangerous weapons in and out of the country , engage in human trafficking of sex victims or further destroy America ’s inner cities with powerfully addictive drugs .
The New York Times called “ Homeland Security USA ” a “ recruitment video , ” and The Washington Post piled on , dismissing it as “ a sorry excuse for a television show . ”
Either way , the television medium wo n’t be used this time to share with the public a reality of the department ’s many colossal mistakes and stumbles .
So details of them remain tucked away in mile - high stacks of reports from the GAO and inspector general awaiting exposure by the more curious among us .
G.W. Schulz is working on a project at the Center for Investigative Reporting about homeland security in the United States , “ America ’s War Within , ” which can be found here .
Y
ou knew it would come to this , now did n't cha : Octuplet mom Nancy Suleman is receiving death threats now that she 's $ 50,000 in debt and has set up a web site to take your donations .
People seem to be furious with her , and not just in the United States but around the world ( As we know , some countries have one - child - only policies and the like . ) .
Gotta give it to Suleman though she 's trying to pimp all eight of them infants and " raise awareness " as best she could .
She takes PayPal , by the way .
All of this comes on top of news that the doctor that performed the surgery for the octuplets has .
another patient expecting quadruplets
And now , she does n't have insurance .
The following is a January 28 , 2009 Freedom of Information Act reply from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , within which they indicate that no responsive records were located pertaining to thousands of SEC investigative files reportedly destroyed on September 11 , 2001 following the collapse of World Trade Center building 7 .
# # #
Mr. Monaghan ,
I tried to reach you earlier by phone to discuss your message below .
My supervisor , Mrs. Brenda Fuller would like to speak with you regarding your message .
Please contact her at 202 - XXX - XXXX .
Thank you ,
Sonja Osborne
FOIA / PA Research Specialist
202-XXX-XXXX
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
From : Aidan Monaghan [ mailto:a_monaghan@cox.net ]
Sent : Monday , December 08 , 2008 10:29 AM
To : Osborne , Sonja
Subject : Re : FOIA Request No. 09-00852
Dear Ms. Osbourne :
Because the SEC is unable to locate records responsive to the original request for FOIA records , the requester would like to modify the said original request .
I respectfully request copies of the following SEC records :
A bibliography of , copies of , or other records pertaining to investigation records once stored at the SEC offices once located within floors 11 - 13 , of World Trade Center building 7 in New York City , New York .
Thank you for your consideration of this request .
For reference , a publication describing the records in question is provided below .
Aidan Monaghan
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SEC & EEOC : Attack Delays Investigations
By Margaret Cronin Fisk
National Law Journal
September 17 , 2001
Additional details emerged Friday about the effect of the collapse of 7 World Trade Center on investigations being conducted by the New York offices of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission , both of which were housed in the building .
The SEC has not quantified the number of active cases in which substantial files were destroyed .
Reuters news service and the Los Angeles Times published reports estimating them at 3,000 to 4,000 .
They include the agency 's major inquiry into the manner in which investment banks divvied up hot shares of initial public offerings during the high - tech boom .
http://www.wanttoknow.info/010917natllawjournal.WTC7SECfiles
----- Original Message -----
From : Osborne , Sonja
To : a_monaghan@cox.net
Sent : Friday , December 05 , 2008 1:42 PM
Subject : FOIA Request No. 09-00852
<<09-00852 Final Response.pdf >>
# # #
----- Original Message -----
From : Aidan Monaghan
To : foiapa@sec.gov
Sent : Friday , November 21 , 2008 7:29 AM
Subject : FOIA Request
Securities and Exchange Commission
Office of FOIA and Privacy Act Operations
100 F Street , NE
Washington , DC 20549-5100
Re : Freedom of Information Act Request
To Whom it Concerns :
This is a request under the Freedom of Information Act .
I respectfully request the following SEC records :
- A reasonably segregable bibliography of investigation records stored at the SEC offices once located within floors 11 - 13 , of World Trade Center building 7 in New York City , NewYork .
Disclosure of the requested information to me is not in my commercial interest .
Thank you for your consideration of this request .
Michael Phelps has said he will learn from his mistake US swimmer Michael Phelps will not face charges over a photograph apparently showing him smoking cannabis , a South Carolina sheriff has said .
Phelps , 23 , was suspended for three months by USA Swimming after an image of him inhaling from a glass pipe at a party in South Carolina was published .
Phelps said he was glad the matter was over and he would learn from his error .
A British paper said the picture was taken three months after he won eight gold medals at last year 's Olympics .
Phelps has not said whether he was using drugs .
Richland County Sheriff Leon Lott told the Associated Press that although he was not going to press charges , the authorities had had to investigate after the image was released .
" Michael Phelps is truly an American hero ... but even with his star status , he is still obliged to obey the laws of our state , " he said .
I will move forward and dive back into the pool , having put this whole thing behind me
Michael Phelps
The sheriff said there had not been sufficient evidence to charge him based on the photograph from the party , held near the University of South Carolina in November .
He said : " We had a photo and him saying he was sorry for inappropriate behaviour .
He never said , ' I smoked marijuana . '
We did n't have physical evidence . "
In a statement released after the sheriff 's decision , Phelps said : " I 'm glad this matter is put to rest .
But there are also some important lessons that I 've learned .
" For me , it 's all about recognising that I used bad judgement and it's a mistake I wo n't make again .
For young people especially - be careful about the decisions you make . "
Phelps said he appreciated the support shown to him by his family and fans .
" I will move forward and dive back into the pool , having put this whole thing behind me . "
USA Swimming , the national swimming federation , banned Phelps from competitive swimming for three months , although he has never tested positive for banned substances .
The International Olympic Committee accepted an apology from him , saying it had no reason to doubt his sincerity or his commitment to being a role model .
The swimmer has , however , lost the backing of cereal maker Kellogg , with the firm saying it would not renew its sponsorship deal with him when it comes to an end .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
From how to clean a green pool to how to clean a filter .
With this guide you will learn how to do a complete maintenance to your pool .
With this guide you will no longer wonder how to clean a pool .
To enjoy a good dip it is not necessary to empty and refill the pool every time .
Opening an inground pool requires some steps .
This action , which requires a lot of time and resources , is completely unnecessary when you have the right implements .
So that this summer you can calmly bathe in clean and crystalline waters , we will present you the keys so that you learn how to clean and maintain a pool .
You will even learn how to clean a green pool and filter .
How to clean a pool
If you have not done maintenance to the water during the winter , it is advisable to empty the pool and apply a descaling cleaner with a brush on the bottom and on the walls .
Let it act for a few minutes and rinse it off with water .
If you have a tiled pool , avoid using pressure cleaners as it can damage the tiles .
Next time you go buy a new pool cleaner visit this site for knowing what 's the greatest choice .
Afterwards , you must refill the pool .
Now , if you are worried about taking care of the water throughout the year , it is not necessary to empty it .
You must collect the residues from the surface with a net and vacuum the floor with a pool cleaner , eliminating the impurities directly down the drain .
Next , you must wash the filter system ( later we will tell you in detail how to do it ) .
The next step is to regulate the pH .
Using a pH meter , verify that the value is between 7.2 and 7.6 .
If it 's lower , apply a pH booster directly to the water .
Otherwise , use a pH reducer in the same way as in the previous case , never through the skimmer .
Next , you have to disinfect the water .
For this you have two options :
With chlorine : to be safe , the chlorine level must be between 1mg / l and 1.5 mg / l .
You can use liquid chlorine , powder ( granules ) , or tablets ( with a clarifying buoy ) .
If your pool is painted , the instant is better so that it does not discolor it .
If it is coated , you can use any type .
The amount will depend on the type of chlorine and the volume of water , so it is best to check the manufacturer 's recommendations .
If you had to empty the pool , this should be done halfway through the filling .
With salt : to disinfect with salt , you must apply fast dissolving chlorine adding between 3 k and 5 k of salt per m3 according to the manufacturer 's instructions .
According to your needs , there are different types of pool cleaners .
Next , you must start the salt chlorinator and the filtration equipment .
Later , verify that the pH is between the appropriate values .
To prevent the appearance of algae , it will be necessary to add an algaecide for swimming pools .
Finally , after applying the products , it is convenient to run the filter for a few hours .
It is worth remembering that the addition of products must be done in the absence of bathers .
How to rinse the pool water
Due to filtration problems , high pH , ​​ineffective filter backwashing , and algae formation , the water can become cloudy .
To clarify it , an excellent alternative is to add flocculant for swimming pools .
This product makes the particles suspended in the water become larger so that the filter can retain them .
Additionally , it removes oxidized metal ions that the filter cannot trap on its own .
How to clean a green pool
If your pool has a serious cloudiness or algae problem , it 's best to perform a shock treatment , also called super chlorination .
A swimming pool can have many kinds of shapes .
To do this , you will need chlorine powder and liquid flocculant , and follow the following steps :
Sweep the walls and bottom of the pool .
Apply the flocculant according to the manufacturer 's recommendations .
Let it sit for at least 12 hours and vacuum the bottom .
Measure the pH and adjust it if necessary .
Add a dose of algaecide and filter with recirculation mode for 2 to 4 hours .
Apply double the dose of chlorine powder .
If after several attempts you do not see results , you may have problems with the filtration system .
In this case , go to a technician to check it .
You can find items for pool maintenance in Mercado Libre .
How to clean a filter pool
Keeping the filter in good condition is essential for the chemical treatment to be effective , as a dirty filter makes the water quality worse and the chemicals have no effect .
In addition , it influences the multiplication of germs that spread through the water .
You should clean the skimmer and water pump baskets , which is where the largest dirt , such as leaves , remains .
How to clean a pool filter
Cartridge filter
Turn off the pump and unscrew the filter cover .
Remove the cartridge .
Rinse the filter with a hose .
Use your fingers or a soft brush to remove encrusted debris , taking care not to scrub too hard so as not to damage the filter .
If the filter is discolored or you can't clean it completely , replace it .
It is convenient to change it every two weeks .
If you find that the inside of the filter cover is dirty , you can brush it off .
Screw on the cap making sure it is properly installed .
Sand filter
Turn off the pump .
Turn the handle at the top to the " backwash " position .
This function consists of reversing the direction in which the water flows through the filter .
Open the backwash valve by turning it .
If your filter does n't have this valve , find the corresponding handle .
To get the job done make sure you choose the best pool cleaner .
Turn on the pump , let it run for 2 minutes , and turn it off .
Turn the valve to the “ rinse ” position , turn the pump on for 2 minutes , and turn it off .
Turn the handle back to " backwash " , turn the pump on for another 2 minutes and turn it off .
Change the function to " filter " and close the backwash valve .
Turn on the pump and add the water to replace what was lost in the backwash .
How to maintain a swimming pool
In order for your pool to be in good condition every time you want to bathe , you must continuously monitor the following parameters :
pH : is the acidity of the water .
The ideal range is between 7.2-7.6 and you should analyze it 2 times a week .
Free residual chlorine : is the amount of active chlorine in the water .
The ideal range is 0.5 to 2 ppm and you should measure this every day .
Total alkalinity ( TA ) : refers to the ability of the water to maintain the pH at a suitable level .
It should be between 60 and 120 ppm .
Measure it once a week .
Calcium hardness ( CH ) : is the amount of calcium dissolved in the water .
200 to 1,000 ppm is acceptable , but the ideal is between 200 and 500 ppm .
It should also be measured once a week .
Cyanuric acid stabilizer : it is the ability of chlorine to be protected from UV rays , which reduce the chlorine in pool water .
The ideal range is 20 to 50 ppm and should not exceed 100 ppm .
You have to measure it twice a week .
How to take care of the pool water
If you want the water in your pool to stay clean and free of polluting particles , you can count on the following elements :
Pool cleaner : they are vacuum cleaners that remove waste deposited at the bottom of the pool .
There are pool cleaners of various designs , designed for different types of pools .
Pool cleaner robot : ideal if you have little time .
The pool cleaner robots connect to the skimmer , the pool cleaner outlet or the drain and will do the job of cleaning the pool floor for you automatically .
Saca Hojas : it is the simplest and most basic to take care of the pool water .
The nets will allow you to remove dirt from the surface without great effort every time you want to bathe .
You can find a pool cleaner in Mercado Libre .
Developers have created apps for pools .
Now that you know how to clean a pool , you just need to get the necessary elements and get to work !
We invite you to find swimming pools and products for their maintenance in the official Bestway , Piscería and Chilemat stores .
Nine farms in Northern Ireland used the same contaminated animal feed which led to a recall of all pig products processed in the Republic , it emerged today .
The North 's Agriculture Minister Michelle Gildernew confirmed restrictions have been placed on the farms which were identified by her department 's electronic monitoring system .
The move follows the withdrawal of all pork products sold and exported from the Republic after a toxic substance was identified in a feed which was supplied to 10 pig farms in the south of the country .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Food Safety Authority Ireland ( Fsai ) insisted health risks to the public were minimal and claimed the withdrawal was a precautionary measure .
Ms Gildernew said restrictions were put in place on Friday night when the situation began to unfold .
" To date nine farms in the north have been identified as having used the contaminated feed , " she said .
" We are supplying the Fsa with all the necessary information to allow them to take an informed decision . "
Ms Gildernew said she has been in contact with her counterpart in the Republic , Agriculture Minister Brendan Smith , who updated her on the rationale for the decision taken by the Dublin authorities to recall all stocks bought since September 1 .
" My officials have been in close contact with their counterparts in the Department of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food ( DAFF ) since this situation developed , " she continued .
" There is obviously a large amount of north south movement of these products in Ireland and we need to carefully consider the way ahead . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Ms Gildernew said she has also kept the North 's Health Minister Michael McGimpsey up to date with developments .
" I want to ensure the Health Minister is fully briefed so that decisions can be taken and consumers can be kept informed , " she added .
Pork and bacon products from the Republic were pulled from supermarket shelves across Europe when it was confirmed dioxins in some products were between 80 and 200 times over acceptable levels .
Further investigations revealed breadcrumbs used in an animal feed distributed by one licensed supplier tested positive for non-dioxin - like polychlorinated biphenyls ( PCBs ) - which are banned .
The feed producer - who made the breadcrumbs from recycled bread and dough - was closed down in the middle of last week and restrictions placed on all farms he supplied in southern Ireland .
The Fsai said it appears that some kind of industrial oil tainted the ingredient .
Spokesman Alan Reilly said it was unclear how the contamination got in to the animal feed .
" That 's under investigation at the moment , " he said .
However , health experts said that despite the high levels of toxic substances found in pork products , consumers will suffer no harmful effects .
The Republic 's chief medical officer Dr Tony Holohan said although some types of dioxins can cause cancer , that would only happen after prolonged exposure to higher levels .
" The levels of exposure are not of a level that will be a concern to their health , " he said .
" It would be exposure over years for levels to build up to cause the kind of health effects that could occur , like cancer . "
Chris Elliott , Professor of Food Safety at Queen 's University Belfast , said while consumers want , and deserve , food free from chemical contaminants , in this case there does not appear to be any significant risk to health from consumption of the tainted pork products .
" The contamination of the animal feed itself appears to be the cause of this food scare , as is often the case ; it also appears to be limited to the product of one supplier and it should therefore be a quick and simple task to track down the cause of the problem , " he added .
The Fsa said it was advising UK consumers not to eat any pork products that originated from Northern Ireland or the Republic of Ireland .
It said it was making the precautionary recommendation while it continued to investigate whether any contaminated pork products had entered the UK market .
A statement said : " The Food Standards Agency is today advising consumers not to eat pork or pork products , such as sausages , bacon , salami and ham , which are labelled as being from the Irish Republic or Northern Ireland , while it continues to investigate whether any products contaminated with dioxins have been distributed in the UK .
" From the information that we have at this time , we do not believe there is significant risk to UK consumers as adverse health effects from eating the affected products are only likely if people are exposed to relatively high levels of this contaminant for long periods .
" This precautionary advice had been issued following the Irish Government 's announcement that it is recalling all pork products made in the Irish Republic since September after dioxins were found in slaughtered pigs that are thought to have eaten contaminated feed .
" Dioxins are chemicals that get into food from the environment and they are associated with a range of health effects when there is long term exposure to them at relatively high levels .
" The Agency is continuing to monitor the situation and is in close contact with the Food Safety Authority of Ireland .
If it is confirmed that any affected products have been distributed to the UK the Agency will take appropriate action to protect consumers .
An urgent meeting of the UK food industry is being organised by the Agency as part of its investigation into possible distribution channels in this country . "
Accounting is the process of collecting , recording and analyzing financial data .
Accounting is often an underrated skill and is wrongly presumed to be used only in business .
Although accounting plays a significant role in maintaining and analyzing business statistics , it is also used extensively in various everyday activities .
Let ’s take a look at few of such everyday tasks where accounting is necessary .
Reconciliation
All of us want t look into our bank accounts often and calculate the savings , charges and taxes deducted .
But do you visit the bank to check your account details ?
Even if you do , do you make an effort to understand the calculations and how the process takes place ?
In the world of accounting , it is termed as reconciliation .
If you want to recheck and know about the whereabouts of your money , then it is essential to learn the art of accounting .
Backbone for business
Yes , accounting is considered as the backbone for all types o businesses .
Both fields share a strong bond .
It is not wrong to say that a significant part of a business depends on accounting and the [ principles of accountancy .
Gathering data , calculating the profits and losses , analyzing and applying basics skills and strategies require a thorough knowledge of accounting and patience .
Managing expenditure
Managing expenditure is a critical aspect of everyone ’s day - to - day activities .
You cannot overspend you limit , be it on your credit cards or debit cards .
Hence , it is essential to learn the art of managing money and dealing with numbers – which again is the subtle art of accounting .
You usually manage your expenses by virtually drawing a graph of income versus expenditure .
If the two do n’t line up , then there you find another alternative like cutting down on expenses to make ends meet .
Hence , without your knowledge , you ’re making using of accounting .
Better grades at school
School is the first place where anyone starts applying the knowledge of accounting – either with being aware or not being aware of it .
When you ’re graded for your scores , you immediately start calculating your class percentage and where you stand in the entire class .
If you ’re not satisfied , then you calculate how much you wish to get to stand a better chance at universities and your career .
This happens without your awareness , and hence again , it is used every day , even in children ’s lives .
Why is accounting so important ?
Due to the reasons mentioned above , we can now confirm that accounting is used daily , with or without our knowledge .
But why do we do all this ?
Why is it so important ?
To build a better company , business or a lifestyle , calculating is a must .
Whether we ’re calculating numbers for a firm or the risk factors involved in your lives , there ’s always some calculation running in our mind at the background .
That is the main reason why accounting is essential in everyday life , and we use it as well .
As a career prospect , there are various fields to consider like
" Where is China Headed ? " – Keynote Address by Amb. Stapleton Roy
Pardee Center Conference
December 8 , 2008
As the keynote speaker at the December 8 conference , “ Three Decades of Reform and Opening : Where is China Headed ? ” , former U.S. Ambassador to China Stapleton Roy said that 2009 will be a “ defining moment in world affairs . ”
Although the global economic crisis is demanding a great deal of attention of the incoming administration of President - elect Barak Obama , the new administation “ cannot neglect Asia , ” the Ambassador said .
“ China is too important . ”
Ambassador Stapleton Roy was the featured keynote speaker at the conference sponsored by the Frederick S. Pardee Center for the Study of the Longer - Range Future .
Nearly a hundred people attended the luncheon at the Rafik Hariri Building at Boston University ’s School of Management .
The ambassador said “ the defining moment ” marks the end to the assumption that the U.S. will remain indefinitely asthe dominant player in the world economy and that democracy and capitalism are the best models of governance and economic systems for the rest of the world .
With the global economic crisis , “ that assumption has taken a body blow , ” he said .
“ We ’re going to be a different country in 2009 . ”
He said that for China , there are two possible scenarios regarding the economic crisis : either China will weather the crisis pretty well and emerge from it sooner and in better condition than the western countries , or the crisis could exceed the abilitiy of China ’s leaders to handle , plunging the country into a serious crisis .
He said he could not predict which scenario is more likely .
Amb. Stapleton
Roy also said in terms of China ’s future , the impact of generational changes in leadership should not be underestimated .
By 2020 , the leaders who will emerge in China will have no direct memory of the cultural revolution and will have lived all of their lives in a more open China that emerged since 1972 when President Richard Nixon visited Chairman Mao and set the stage for improved relationships between China and the western world .
Earlier , Boston University Provost David Campbell spoke to the lunch gathering and highlighted the university ’s past and current global initiatives .
After the conference , Ambassador Roy was among the guests at a dinner for conference presenters and other invited guests , including Boston University Dean of the College or Arts and Sciences Virginia Sapiro and Dean of the Metropolitan College Jay Halfond .
( More on the conference here ) .
California 's sevenfold increase in autism cannot be explained by changes in doctors ' diagnoses and most likely is due to environmental exposures , University of California scientists reported Thursday .
The scientists who authored the new study advocate a nationwide shift in autism research to focus on potential factors in the environment that babies and fetuses are exposed to , including pesticides , viruses and chemicals in household products .
" It 's time to start looking for the environmental culprits responsible for the remarkable increase in the rate of autism in California , " said Irva Hertz - Picciotto , an epidemiology professor at University of California , Davis who led the study .
Throughout the nation , the numbers of autistic children have increased dramatically over the past 15 years .
Autistic children have problems communicating and interacting socially ; the symptoms usually are evident by the time the child is a toddler .
More than 3,000 new cases of autism were reported in California in 2006 , compared with 205 in 1990 .
In 1990 , 6.2 of every 10,000 children born in the state were diagnosed with autism by the age of five , compared with 42.5 in 10,000 born in 2001 , according to the study , published in the journal Epidemiology .
The numbers have continued to rise since then .
To nail down the causes , scientists must unravel a mystery :
What in the environment has changed since the early 1990s that could account for such an enormous rise in the brain disorder ?
For years , many medical officials have suspected that the trend is artificial -- due to changes in diagnoses or migration patterns rather than a real rise in the disorder .
But the new study concludes that those factors cannot explain most of the increase in autism .
Hertz - Picciotto and Lora Delwiche of the UC Davis Department of Public Health Sciences analyzed 17 years of state data that tracks developmental disabilities , and used birth records and Census Bureau data to calculate the rate of autism and age of diagnosis .
The results : Migration to the state had no effect .
And changes in how and when doctors diagnose the disorder and when state officials report it can explain less than half of the increase .
Dr. Bernard Weiss , a professor of environmental medicine and pediatrics at the University of Rochester Medical Center who was not involved in the new research , said the autism rate reported in the study " seems astonishing . "
He agreed that environmental causes should be getting more attention .
The California researchers concluded that doctors are diagnosing autism at a younger age because of increased awareness .
But that change is responsible for only about a 24 percent increase in children reported to be autistic by the age
" A shift toward younger age at diagnosis was clear but not huge , " the report says .
Also , a shift in doctors diagnosing milder cases explains another 56 percent increase .
And changes in state reporting of the disorder could account for around a 120 percent increase .
Combined , Hertz - Picciotto said those factors " do n't get us close " to the 600 to 700 percent increase in diagnosed cases .
That means the rest is unexplained and likely caused by something that pregnant women or infants are exposed to , or a combination of genetic and environmental factors .
" There 's genetics and there 's environment .
And genetics do n't change in such short periods of time , " Hertz - Picciotto , a researcher at UC Davis ' M.I.N.D. Institute , a leading autism research facility , said in an interview Thursday .
Many researchers have theorized that a pregnant woman 's exposure to chemical pollutants , particularly metals and pesticides , could be altering a developing baby 's brain structure , triggering autism .
Many parent groups believe that childhood vaccines are responsible because they contained thimerosal , a mercury compound used as a preservative .
But thimerosal was removed from most vaccines in 1999 , and autism rates are still rising .
Dozens of chemicals in the environment are neurodevelopmental toxins , which means they alter how the brain grows .
Mercury , polychlorinated biphenyls , lead , brominated flame retardants and pesticides are examples .
While exposure to some -- such as PCBs -- has declined in recent decades , others -- including flame retardants used in furniture and electronics , and pyrethroid insecticides -- have increased .
Mothers of autistic children were twice as likely to use pet flea shampoos , which contain organophosphates or pyrethroids , according to one study that has not yet been published .
Another new study has found a link between autism and phthalates , which are compounds used in vinyl and cosmetics .
Other household products such as antibacterial soaps also could have ingredients that harm the brain by changing immune systems , Hertz - Picciotto said .
In addition , fetuses and infants might be exposed to a fairly new infectious microbe , such as a virus or bacterium , that could be altering the immune system or brain structure .
In the 1970s , autism rates increased due to the rubella virus .
The culprits , Hertz - Picciotto said , could be " in the microbial world and in the chemical world . "
" I do n't think there 's going to be one smoking gun in this autism problem , " she said .
" It 's such a big world out there and we know so little at this point . "
But she added , scientists expect to develop " quite a few leads in a year or so . "
The UC Davis researchers have been studying autistic children 's exposure to flame retardants and pesticides to see if there is a connection .
The results have not yet been published .
" If we 're going to stop the rise in autism in California , we need to keep these studies going and expand them to the extent possible , " Hertz - Picciotto said .
Funding for studying genetic causes of autism is 10 to 20 times higher than funding for environmental causes , she said .
" It 's very off - balance , " she said .
Weiss agreed , saying that " excessive emphasis has been placed on genetics as a cause .
" The advances in molecular genetics have tended to obscure the principle that genes are always acting in and on a particular environment .
This article , I think , will restore some balance to our thinking , " he said .
Some issues related to whether the increase is merely a reporting artifact remain unresolved .
There could be other , unknown issues involving diagnosis and reporting , scientists say .
The surge in autism is similar to the rise in childhood asthma , which has reached epidemic proportions for unexplained reasons .
Medical officials originally thought that , too , might be due to increased reporting of the disease , but now they acknowledge that many more children are asthmatic than in the past .
Experts suspect that environmental pollutants or immune changes could be responsible .
Autism has serious effects , not just on an individual child 's health but on education , health care and the economy " Autism incidence in California shows no sign yet of plateauing , " Hertz - Picciotto and Delwiche said in their study .
This article originally ran at Environmental Health News , a news source published by Environmental Health Sciences , a nonprofit media company .
Investing Rules Learned from the Bernard Madoff Scandal
The Bernie Madoff scandal is a sad case of the lack of care by the investing public .
It ’s amazing that so many sophisticated investors just handed money to this man without thinking about doing any due diligence .
It ’s understandable for average citizens as they lack the expertise to decipher the often complex documents and investment schemes but even fund managers were caught off guard !
Looking at the bright side though , this is a great reminder of some of the most prudent investment advices that never gets old .
Let ’s look at what Mr Madoff reminded us :
Diversify Amongst Each Investment Class –
We almost beat this advice to the ground but it ’s just so easy not to be totally diversified !
If anything , the whole 2008 should provide a strong reminder that it ’s very easy to lose everything in an instant .
Not only the Madoff scandal but think of Enron , or as recent as Washington Mutual , Bear Sterns , or Lehman Brothers .
Think Opposite –
When it ’s too good to be true , it usually is .
Mr. Madoff ’s consistency in superior market returns were like clockwork .
The better things are , the more cautious we should become !
Every time you outperform the market , you should take some money and re-balance to other funds that underperformed because no strategy is just “ better ” than others !
Do Your Homework –
It ’s your money so do your own research and analysis to make sure you understand how the investment makes money !
Otherwise , how do you know whether it ’s even a good investment for the future ?
Diversify Across Different Asset Classes –
This is so important that it needs to be broken down and restated .
Those that had their lifesavings with Madoff tell a tragic story .
Not only should you diversify across different investments within the same class , you should have a diversified asset allocation !
Spread out your wealth with stocks , bonds , savings , real estate , commodity and others !
Speak with Someone About Your Decisions –
It never hurts to talk to someone about your financial decisions , especially if these are part of a long term plan .
There are many fee - based certified financial planners who can help you draft up a plan .
The good thing about a fee - based planner versus one that takes a percentage ?
You can have more than one to cross check .
Promote or Save This Article
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
Print It | Email This | Del.icio.us | Stumble it !
| Reddit |
Related Posts
CSアンテナ工事はマルトクアンテナ！キャンペーン実施中！
現在、あげますつけますキャンペーン実施中！スカパーCSデジタル放送を申し込みますと 基本設置料金が無料！ お早めにお申し込み下さい。
今 後4K8K放送が主流になりつつあります。詳しくは8K対応 4K とは 110°CSアンテナ工事及び調整は弊社にお任せ下さい
専用計測器を使用しての工事なので安心！
専用の計測器は電気の知識が必要です。当社はプロの工事士が専用計測器を使用する事で一般ではできないアンテナの微調整ができます。安心してお任せ下さい。
設置にはお得なマルトクアンテナにお任せ下さい！！ ※BS/CSセットです
値下げしました ！
※テレビ視聴1台の値段です。追加で配線や工事がある場合、別途料金が発生します。
（共同アンテナ工事・割引は対象外）
詳細に関して は TEL 06-6940-6636
メール問い合わせ・お申し込みはこちら
● CSデジタル放送は通信衛星
2000 年12月にBSデジタル放送と同じ軌道位置（東経110°）で打ち上げられた通信衛星（JCSAT-110）を使って行われているデジタル放送サービス。委託事業者が、合計12本のトランスポンダを使って、2002年3月から、テレビ放送・ラジオ放送及びデータ放送を行っています。
● CSデジタル放送を見るには？
CSデジタル放送を受信するには、CSデジタル内蔵テレビ（チューナーでも可）とCSデジタル放送用アンテナ（右画像参照）が必要になります。※その他、取付器具や配線・B-CASカード等必要になります。
設置に関しては屋根の上や、ベランダ等に取り付けます。
また、CSデジタルチューナー内蔵テレビについては、CSデジタル放送用アンテナを設置してその信号を直接CSデジタルチューナー内蔵テレビに接続すれば、CSデジタル放送をご覧になれます。
※ CSデジタルチューナー内蔵テレビは右のようなマークが目印です。
大阪のCSアンテナ工事
大阪池田・泉大津・大阪泉佐野・和泉・茨木・大阪狭山・旭・大阪阿倍野・生野・大阪北・此花・大阪城東・住之江・住吉・大正・中央・鶴見・天王寺・浪速・西・西成・西淀川・東住吉・東成・東淀川・平野・福島・港・都島・淀川・貝塚・柏原・交野・門真・河内長野・河南・岸和田・熊取・堺・北・中・西・東・南・美原・四条畷・島本・三島郡・吹田・摂津・太子・南河内郡・大東・千早赤阪・南河内・高石・高槻・田尻・泉南・忠岡・泉北・豊中・豊能・富田林・寝屋川・能勢・豊能・羽曳野・阪南・東大阪・枚方・藤井寺・松原・岬町・箕面・守口・八尾のCS
兵庫のCSアンテナ工事
兵庫神戸 兵庫中央 兵庫灘 兵庫東灘 兵庫 北 兵庫須磨 兵庫垂水 兵庫長田 兵庫西 兵庫芦屋 兵庫尼崎 兵庫伊丹 兵庫西宮 兵庫宝塚 兵庫川西 兵庫加古川 兵庫加古郡 兵庫高砂 兵庫加東 のCS
奈良のCSアンテナ工事
奈良 生駒 奈良香芝 奈良平群 奈良三郷 奈良安堵 奈良北葛城 奈良王子 奈良郡上牧 奈良広陵 奈良河合 奈良磯城 奈良三宅 奈良田原本 奈良川西 奈良大和郡山 奈良桜井 奈良五條 奈良天理 奈良葛城 奈良橿原 奈良御所 のCS
京都のCSアンテナ工事
京都木津川 相楽 京都京田辺 八幡 京都井出 城陽 京都久御山 宇治 京都長岡京 京都向日 京都伏見 京都南 右京 京都上京 北 京都左京 下京 京都中京 西京 京都東山 山科区 京都綴喜 京都乙訓 久世 京都亀岡 のCS
滋賀のCSアンテナ工事
滋賀大津 滋賀草津 滋賀栗東 滋賀野洲 滋賀守山 滋賀湖南 のCS
和歌山 のCSアンテナ工事
和歌山市 和歌山紀の川 和歌山橋本 和歌山伊都 和歌山岩 出
のCS
ミッキー のBS/110度CS詳細はこちら
CSデジタル放送について
110°CSデジタル放送について質問Q&A
スカパー！ WOWOW 韓国ドラマ 韓流ドラマ サッカ ー
● CSデジタル放送の内 容
番組に関しては無料と有料があります。
番組は スカパー！e2 等あります。弊社はスカパーe2 ！正規取扱店です。
マルトクアンテナでスカパー！e2を申し込むと5,000円～8,000円無料！
ここでもお得です！ ※スカイパーフェ クTVとは違います
※テレビ視聴1台の値段です。追加で配線や工事がある場合、別途料金が発生します。
（共同アンテナ工事・割引は対象外）
※既存部品仕様する場合、お値引き致します。 その場合、保証無
CSアンテナ工事・点検調査・有線LAN・防犯カメラ等についてお気軽にお問い合わせ下さい。
From mourners in a funeral parlour to a delivery boy and his ' big sausage ' pizza , why is it so easy to spot the opening scenes of porn films , asks Tim Dowling
These things begin innocently enough .
A washing machine breaks down .
A teacher asks her pupil to remain after class .
A specialist is called in to offer a second opinion .
A maid comes to clean a hotel room , only to find it still occupied ...
Mundane moments from small , humdrum lives filled with quiet desperation .
Desperation , and horniness .
The opening scenes of pornographic films , as shown in these stills compiled by the annual magazine Useful Photography , display an almost touching dedication to basic narrative constraints .
In an age when you can make a porn movie with a camera phone in a Topshop changing room , it 's reassuring to find people out there who still believe in telling stories , who still think : you can't just let your characters turn up and start going at it .
Where 's the motivation ?
The sex bits of porn films are so mechanical - and so completely interchangeable - that it's only the beginning that gives you any idea of precisely how badly made the film you are watching really is .
The acting is uniformly terrible and the dialogue is worse ( " Would you like a cigarette ?
They 're quite excellent . " )
Taken together , these scenes resemble nothing so much as a compilation of failed auditions .
The opening moments of a porn film may provide the only opportunity for artistic invention , but they are n't usually what you 'd call inventive .
The situations are formulaic and rarely hampered by any flirtation with realism .
Plumbers can always come out straight away , and in office scenes every day is dress - down Friday .
Gay porn , judging by the evidence here , takes the least trouble with its opening formalities : two guys , a desk , a chair and a clipboard ; five dudes and two sofas ; a couple of young men and a chessboard .
Shorn of their context , the pictures have about them a creepy , cheerless innocence , like little slices of purgatory .
More often than not , the initial setup is just a quick and convenient way to get to the line , " But maybe there 's some other way I could pay you ? "
From that moment on , the shooting script need consist only of a series of stick - figure drawings .
Even in these still photographs , you can usually guess what 's coming next - in porn films no element of surprise is required , or even possible .
Soon the lady carpenter will let slip an unguarded remark about needing a bigger drill .
Eventually the interested parties in the car park prang will make a deal to swap bodily fluids rather than insurance details .
The delivery boy from Big Sausage Pizza ( Is that box the least convincing prop ever to appear in a film ? ) knocks on the wrong door .
" I 've got a large sausage here for you , " he will say .
Perhaps it 's not the wrong address after all .
Sometimes , though , it 's difficult to work out quite how they mean to get from A to B .
What sort of pre-coital conversation can you have at a pumpkin stand ?
" Hi , Ron .
That 's a mighty big pumpkin you have there . "
" Well you know what they say , Cindy - huge pumpkin , erm ... see you at work on Monday , I guess . "
Are scantily clad twins really going to be turned on by a goateed man playing the recorder ?
Far from bestowing an element of credibility on proceedings , many of these pictures make it almost impossible to believe the people in them are going to have sex .
That said , you can certainly tell these shots are from porn films , even though everybody 's dressed and looking slightly bored or , in some cases , mildly horrified .
Perhaps it 's something about the colour - mostly primary , with a preponderance of red - or the soft furnishings .
Maybe it 's the pervasive air of workaday incompetence - only porn can get away with this level of shoddiness .
The classic porn film opening sequence has probably had its day .
No one ever wanted to watch them , and the clips that find their way on to the internet usually have any expository scenes excised , so there 's not much point in making them in the first place .
But these pictures , at least , survive to document a persistent and weirdly conventional desire to persuade the viewer , as well as to remind us that inside every porn hack beats the heart of a truly terrible film - maker .
• For more information about these images , go to usefulphotography.com .
There ’s little doubt that Twitter was one of the most talked about startups over the past year .
But just how much did it grow in 2008 ?
The final numbers are in , and according to Compete , they ’re astounding : 752 % , for a total of 4.43 million unique visitors in December .
After starting the year with only around 500,000 unique monthly visitors , Twitter saw its most dramatic growth in the back half of ’ 08 , picking up more than one million additional visitors in December alone .
And that ’s all just in the US .
Here ’s the chart :
Also notable in the just - updated Compete stats : Facebook closed ’08 by passing MySpace in US traffic by the slimmest of margins .
While other stats services still show MySpace with a significant lead , the report we most frequently cite – Nielsen Online – has also shown a rapid closing of the gap in recent months .
Look for those stats on Mashable in the next week or two .
Popular Twitter Resources from Mashable
The average Californian ’s taxes would shoot up five different ways in the state budget blueprint that lawmakers hope to vote on this weekend .
But the bipartisan plan for wiping out the state ’s giant deficit is n’t so bad for large corporations , many of which would receive a permanent windfall .
About $ 1 billion in corporate tax breaks -- directed mostly at multi-state and multinational companies -- is tucked into the proposal .
Opponents say the breaks will do nothing to create jobs , and the Legislature has rejected such moves repeatedly in the past .
But now , to secure enough Republican votes to pass a budget that would raise taxes on everyone else , the Legislature is poised to write them into law with no public hearings at a time when the state treasury is almost out of cash .
The tax breaks were inserted into the spending plan during private meetings between legislative leaders and Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger .
Less than 24 hours before today ’s scheduled vote , the proposals had not yet been printed in bills and made available to the public , but legislative leaders acknowledged them .
Most of the cost to the state -- or $ 690 million -- would come from changes in the way corporate taxes are computed , lowering the amount owed by many large companies .
Smaller tax breaks are included for Hollywood production companies and small businesses that hire new employees .
Advertisement
“ This is a pure giveaway for the vast majority of corporations that will benefit , ” said Lenny Goldberg , executive director of the California Tax Reform Assn. , a union - backed nonprofit .
“ They will walk away with a great deal of money at everybody else ’s expense . ”
GOP lawmakers , aided by a small group of Democrats , have been pushing the tax breaks for years , along with such companies as NBC Universal , Genentech and Intel , as well as the California Chamber of Commerce and the California Taxpayers Assn .
They say the breaks are an incentive for businesses to expand operations in California -- or at least not to leave .
The lawmakers have previously sought unsuccessfully to leverage their votes on a state budget , which can pass only with a two - thirds majority , for the tax breaks .
This year they had more leverage , because the compromise requires them to support $ 14 billion in temporary tax hikes on average Californians , something they had vowed never to do .
Those tax hikes will force most California adults to pay hundreds , if not thousands , of dollars more each year in a combination of higher vehicle license fees , sales taxes , gasoline taxes and income taxes .
Dependent - care credits claimed by millions of families would be cut by about $ 200 annually .
The increased taxes would remain in effect for two to four years .
Advertisement
Assemblyman Nathan Fletcher ( R - San Diego ) , said the proposed corporate tax breaks are intended to keep the recession from spiraling deeper in California while unemployment is soaring .
“ We have a tax code that incentivizes moving jobs out of the state , ” he said .
“ It only makes sense to change that .
. . .
We want to be a state that welcomes job creation .
The benefits of this will be substantial . ”
Under the proposed changes , companies would no longer be required to pay state taxes based on a formula that includes the size of their workforce , the amount of property they own and their total California sales .
Instead , they could pay based on total state sales alone .
The idea , supporters say , is to stop penalizing companies for expanding their workforces and building new facilities in California .
Under current law , the companies ’ state tax bills grow when they do those things .
Supporters note that Genentech and Intel , two big California companies , have both built major facilities out of state , citing California ’s tax policy as a reason .
Advertisement
“ We need to be able to compete more effectively with other states , ” said Jim Hawley , senior vice president at TechNet , a coalition of high - tech executives .
He said that in California the technology industry has been far slower to rebound from the dot - com bust earlier this decade than it has in states that have made the changes lawmakers are considering .
But a study by the Center on Budget Policy Priorities , a Washington , D.C. , think tank , concluded that the cost of the tax break has far outweighed the job - creation benefits in states where it has been instituted .
The center researches how tax policies affect low - income Americans .
The study said many companies were using the tax formula to lower their tax bills without doing anything they would n’t normally do to create new jobs .
Other experts have said the change could also mean that companies that put a heavy burden on -- and extract substantial benefit from -- state services wo n’t be paying their full share for them .
Advertisement
A study by the nonpartisan Public Policy Institute of California , released in 2005 , found that most companies decide where to locate based not on tax breaks but on factors such as the availability of a highly educated workforce .
California ’s proposed plan would cut spending on higher education by hundreds of millions of dollars .
The $ 690 - million tax break would be embedded in state law permanently .
The other breaks would expire after two years .
The break for small businesses that hire new employees would cost the state $ 200 million a year .
It would provide a $ 3,000 tax credit for every full - time employee hired by a company with 20 or fewer workers .
Republican lawmakers who pushed for the proposal said it would create jobs .
Some activists called the proposals a giveaway .
They argue that $ 3,000 is not nearly enough incentive for a company to hire a worker it would not otherwise hire .
The Obama administration eliminated a similar credit from its federal stimulus proposal for that reason .
Advertisement
“ Businesses are not making hiring decisions based on these credits , ” said Jean Ross , executive director of the nonprofit California Budget Project , which monitors how fiscal policies affect working families .
The tax credit for film companies is intended to keep productions from moving out of state .
It would deprive state coffers of $ 100 million a year .
Schwarzenegger has been pushing it for years alongside some powerful Democrats from Los Angeles , where much of the film industry is based .
Proponents say California is losing industry jobs to states that offer such incentives .
In the past , a majority of lawmakers have characterized it as a handout to a lucrative industry that already receives substantial tax benefits .
Said Senate leader Darrell Steinberg ( D - Sacramento ) of the overall fiscal agreement : “ A budget solution of this magnitude contains a lot of compromises . ”
Advertisement
--
evan.halper@latimes.com
Times staff writer Patrick McGreevy contributed to this report .
--
Advertisement
( BGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Getting a boost
The budget that California lawmakers hope to vote on this weekend contains about $ 1 billion in business tax breaks :
* $ 690 million for multistate / multinational companies
Advertisement
* $ 200 million for small businesses hiring new people
* $ 100 million for Hollywood production companies
Source : Times reporting
You 've been thinking about installing Windows 7 Beta 1 now that it 's totally available to anyone .
Well , here 's our complete guide to grabbing , installing and playing with Windows 7 — it 's ( mostly ) painless , so no excuses !
Advertisement
Are You Ready ?
First thing 's first — you might be tired of XP , but can your computer handle Windows 7 ?
Probably !
Here are the minimum requirements :
• 1 GHz 32 - bit or 64 - bit processor
• 1 GB of system memory
• 16 GB of available disk space
• Support for DirectX 9 graphics with 128 MB memory ( to enable the Aero theme )
• DVD-R/ W Drive ( actually not necessary )
Advertisement
Where to Get It
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Microsoft is obviously the first stop to getting Windows 7 .
Here 's the download page , where you 'll pick either 32 or 64 - bit version .
Update : Microsoft has killed that page for whatever reason .
Here 's how to get the key now .
If you have 4GB of RAM or more , get 64 - bit .
You 'll need your Live ID and Microsoft will want some info about you , but just lie or tell the truth or whatever , and you 'll be taken to a download page with your product key .
If you have some trouble getting the download link to work after getting your product key ( like me ) , here are the direct links to the 32 - bit image file and 64 - bit image file .
Advertisement
Even if Microsoft 's own servers are crumbling under the strain of surprisingly strong demand ( though I downloaded at 1MB / sec just fine ) , you can always hit BitTorrent .
You 're looking for Windows 7 Beta 1 , build 7000 .
Other benefit to torrent :
It 'll still be available after Microsoft's Jan. 24 deadline and you do n't need a Microsoft Live ID .
But you will need to get your own product key .
Advertisement
Getting Stuff Ready
Windows 7 , from everything we 've heard is surprisingly stable beta , and it 's easy to upgrade from Vista , since it happens automagically .
However , that does n't mean you should run it as your sole OS ( especially on your work computer ) , because your programs might not work with it ( they should , but you never know ) , crash possibilities and other unknown unknowns .
should dual boot it , meaning you 'll be able to run either OS at startup .
Luckily , Lifehacker has a step - by - step guide to doing just that .
Advertisement
Advertisement
It works especially nicely if you have two hard drives in a desktop ( like me ) , but most likely , you 'll have to partition .
Keep in mind if you 're partitioning a single hard drive , the minimum space for Windows 7 is 16GB , and you 'll probably want more room than that .
Again , Lifehacker has the complete details , but the short version is that in Vista , run " Computer Management " from the Start Menu and you can complete all of the partition voodoo from Disk Management , like shrinking your current volume to give your new Windows 7 partition that minimum 16GB of breathing room .
And you know , actually creating the fresh partition for Windows 7 .
( Do that now , and remember which one it is ! )
For XP , you 'll need the GParted Live CD , which you burn to a CD , restart , boot from disc , and do the partition thang .
How to Get Windows 7 on Your computer
After getting install downloaded and hard drive prepped , you 've got a couple of options for actually getting Windows 7 onto your computer .
The first , and easiest , is to make a Windows 7 disc by burning the image to a DVD using something like ImgBurn .
Advertisement
If you 're installing Windows 7 on a Mac , you can burn the image to a DVD with Disk Utility .
Or , you can do what I 'm doing since I 'm out of blank DVDs at the moment , and put it on a flash drive for installation .
This is also how you 'll get it on a netbook or MacBook Air .
You 'll need a 4GB USB 2.0 flash drive and a mounting program like Daemon Tools on Windows or MountMe on Mac .
Format the flash drive in FAT32 , mount the Windows 7 image , then copy everything over to the flash drive .
Advertisement
Installing
Hello easy part !
Pop in your disc or your flash drive .
Boot from it , and follow the wizard , installing Windows 7 on your clean partition ( under Custom installation type ) .
On a Mac , Boot Camp Assistant will take you through the process after you slide in the Windows disc .
Make sure it 's the right partition or you will hose your actual current Windows install .
Then go watch some TV or take a poop while it does its thing .
Come back , and you 'll have a few more setup screens — hope you wrote your license key down !— then you 'll be up and rolling with Windows 7 .
Advertisement
Now what ?
The initial setup is fast and easy , but you might wanna check out your driver situation .
Mac users , for instance , have a little bit of work ahead of them , since you 'll have to install drivers from the OS X disc , and if you 're running 64 - bit , download the Boot Camp 2.1 update .
Advertisement
Well , there 's a lot to check out in Windows 7 .
Like the new Media Center , which has 10 new features we 're really hyped about , like sweet dissolve effects , turboscrolling , virtual channels and remote copying .
Advertisement
The new taskbar is one of its major new UI features that 's both exciting and at first a little confusing , since it works a lot differently than the taskbar you 're used .
Checking out Microsoft 's video tour before you jump might save you some frustration .
There 's also Aero Shake , which knocks all the clutter off your desktop instantly ; Snap , with its instant window resizing ; and Peek , which is like turbocharged thumbnail previews .
Advertisement
Oh , and whatever you guys do , do n't play your MP3s in Windows Media Player , since it could corrupt them !
Update :
There 's a patch out for this issue , here 's the 64 - bit download and here 's the 32 - bit .
Advertisement
There 's definitely a lot to play around with .
Let us know in the comments once you get your install running what else you think people should check out as soon as they get their machine fired up !
If you 've got any other install tricks , let us know about those too !
First , what is stabilization and how does it work ?
In simple English , bullets spin like a top , and they do n't " fall over " ; just like a top does n't .
The first common myth about stabilization
The issue with bullet stabilization is actually length not weight
How does this apply to bullets in flight ?
The very definition of stability is resistance to change
OK , so that what stabilization is , and how it works , but why is it important ?
Simply put , stable bullets are predictable
Encapsulated
Now , the second major myth is " Overstabilization "
There are two other common and related myths I want to address :
Boattail bullet stability , and the bearing surface myth .
Oh wait , one more myth I forgot about ?
How does this apply to actual rifles ?
Heres a link ( warning , PDF ) , to a table with the
What are the practical applications of all this ?
Heres a link ( warning , PDF ) , to a table with the twist rates of many common rifles
150 x diameter squared , divided by bullet length = required spin
150 x diameter squared , divided by twist rate
Ok , so what should I buy , and what ammo should I shoot through it ?
So , any questions ?
Sit down in a comfy chair , and grab a beverage of choice before you start this one folks , because it 's going to be long , and somewhat obscure .
Tonight , I 'm back once again to address a common firearms myth ; this one actually a bit more technical than most .
We 're going to talk about bullet stabilization , specifically that of 5.56 nato and .223 bullets .
This is a common subject of misinformation , because most folks do n't understand what bullet stabilization is , or how rifling really works for that matter .
Worse , 5.56 is the default chambering of the AR platform rifle , which is the default rifle choice for tactical Tommies everywhere ; and as we all know mall ninjas love nothing more than incorrect information .
Actually , to be fair , even otherwise knowledgeable gunnies do n't generally understand the variables involved in stabilization , because they do n't have a background in the physics or aerodynamics of external ballistics ; and because they hear a lot of bull , that sounds kinda OK , and since they do n't know any better , take it as truth .
Before we even begin , let me refer you to the best source on ammunition for the AR platform , and 5.56 nato in general ; the ammo oracle .
There really is no better collection of information on 5.56 ammunition anywhere .
Also , these same principles apply to all elongated bullets ( i.e. anything that is n't a ball ) , no matter what the caliber is ; I 'm just using the 5.56 as an example , because it is the most common rifle available with many different twist rates , and also the chambering for which the most misinformation is circulating .
Ok , down to business Modern rifling has a twist , to impart spin to the bullets leaving the barrel .
This spin helps to make bullets in flight more stable in two ways :
First , the spin causes gyroscopic stabilization ; which is just like how it sounds .
A spinning mass resists being disturbed off the axis perpendicular to the direction of rotation due to gyroscopic inertia ; which is rigidity in space induced by radially symmetric ( which means the forces are the same along all radii - i.e. identical all the way around in all directions ) centrifugal forces .
This is the primary component of spin stabilization for pointed bullets ( ball bullets are primarily stabilized aerodynamically , because they tumble as well as spin ) , and it 's force component significantly outweighs most of the aerodynamic components of ballistic stability which I will describe in the next section .
Now , the second element of stabilization caused by rotation , is aerodynamic .
Objects rotating in a fluid ( and that 's what air is ) , generate radially symmetric lift ( again , this means the lift is the same in all directions ) .
Anyway , this means the bullet is neither pulled down , nor pulled up by these forces ( technically this is incorrect in some very small and specific ways , but for purposes of this illustration it is a valid assumption ) ; or rather it is pulled down and pulled up , as well as pulled to all sides and in all radial directions , equally .
When something is being pulled in all radial directions equally , just as with a gyroscope , it resists deflection in the axis perpendicular to the pulling forces .
There are two other components of aerodynamic stabilization , and those are form lift ( which is the lift created by the shape of the object itself as it passes through the air ) and the angles of attack and incidence ; but neither are useful in this discussion at the moment . , is that the heavier a bullet is , the faster it must spin to be stabilized .
In fact this is n't really true , heavier objects gyroscopically stablize at lower rotational velocities than lighter objects ( the flywheel effect ) ; and though the aerodynamic stabilization componenst required for heavier objects are greater in magnitude than for lighter objects , the differences in weight and relative difference between force components , between different examples of the same diameter bullet loaded for the same cartridge , are generally small enough that the aerodynamic component of the stabilizing forces required do not change significantly . ; but because the diameter of the bullet is fixed ( we are after all talking about different bullets in the same caliber ) , there are really only three things which generally change the weight :
1. Profile : if the bullet is less tapered , then it will be heavier for a given length , but generally less ballistically efficient ( though not always ) .
2. Construction :
If the bullet is solid copper it will weigh less for a given length than a jacketed lead ( the 37gr copper solid varmint bullets for example , are the same length as 45 gr jacketed lead bullets ) .
If the bullet is a tracer , or steel penetrator type armor piercing it will also weigh less than a solid lead jacketed bullet for a given length .
Also if a bullet is hollow ( or partially hollow such as some MilSurp .303 or 7.62r loads ) , it will obviously weigh less for a given length .
3 . Length :
The longer the bullet , presuming construction and profile remain the same , the heavier it will beGenerally , this means that a change in length is the same as a change in weight ; and since bullet length is n't commonly discussed or published ; and because weight is a more important component in interior ballistics , we mostly refer to different bullets and loadings by their weight .
The reason why length is important , is because of the center of gravity , and center of pressure of the bullet ; and their relationship .
Center of gravity is a commonly known ( if not necessarily commonly understood ) concept ; which simplified , is the balance point of the bullet .
If you very carefully put the bullet on a razors edge at the exact center of gravity , it would in theory balance and just sit there , stable .
The center of pressure is a similar concept ; in that it is the point where the aerodynamic forces acting on the bullet are balanced along the longitudinal axis of the bullet ( the length ) .
If your center of gravity , and center of pressure are identical , then your bullet will exhibit exactly neutral stability .
This means that the bullet will neither resist deflection , nor will it correct or accelerate any deflection that occurs .
Again , if you balance the bullet on the razors edge , it should in theory stay in the same spot until it 's disturbed by outside forces .
Of course the center of pressure on a bullet is rarely exactly at the center of gravity .
Not only that , but as a bullet accelerates , decelerates , and changes it 's angles of attack and incidence ( the angle between the longitudinal axis , and the direction of travel ; and the relative angle between that axis , and a plane perpendicular to gravity ) , the center of pressure will change ; sometimes radically .
Changes in pressure and balance , cause instability .
Now , there is a component of the forces on a bullet called the moment of inertia .
The further the action of a force is away from the center of gravity of an object , the greater its moment of inertia .
A given force will have a greater effect on an object , at a greater moment of inertia .
In simplified terms , the further away from the CG the force is , the more leverage it has .
The more leverage a given force has , the more change it will induce .
Well , the longer the bullet is , the greater the moment of the forces , therefore the larger the effect of aerodynamic forces on the bullet are ; and more specifically the more they change as the rotational and linear velocity of the bullet change .
Additionally , longer bullets have more chances for imperfections , and imperfections also cause changes in the effect of aerodynamic forces . ; and the more change there is , the less stability there is .
If a bullet is stable in its flight , it is more likely to hit the same spot as the last bullet .
That is precision .
If a bullet is stable in flight , it is more likely to hit what they are aimed at .
That is accuracy .
Precision produces grouping ; accuracy produces scoring ( or stopping ) ; both of which are kind of important in the application of firearms for both competitive and practical purposes . : stable bullets are both more accurate and more precise .
Longer bullets require more stabilizing forces to maintain stability .
Faster twist means greater gyroscopic effect , and greater stabilizing aerodynamic forces .
Some folks believe that you can " overstabilize " a bullet , and therefore reduce accuracy .
For all practical purposes , there is no such thing as overstabilization , so generally faster twist does n’t hurt accuracy with lighter bullets ...
Except in reality it does , for three reasons : unbalanced aerodynamic effects , out of balance bullets , and structural failure due to overspin .
The problem with very light bullets , its that they are more lightly constructed .
This makes getting them perfect and consistent and perfectly balanced more difficult .
Additionally , any imperfections there are , will have a greater effect because they do not have the mass ( and thus the inertia ) to resist destabilization .
The faster bullets spin , the more aerodynamic lift is generated .
Though the lift is radially symmetrical , thus it balances itself out as explained above ; the totality of force is still greater , and therefore there is greater potential energy in case of upset .
Very slight imperfections in the bullet cause aerodynamic disturbances which upset and partially offset the stabilizing effects of faster spin .
Those same imperfections , along with slight variations in the distribution of mass throughout the bullet , also cause out of balance “ wobble ” or precessional destabilization ( as opposed to precessional drift , which is motion in the axis and direction of rotation due to gyroscopic forces ) .
All of these factors upset the bullets to varying degrees , causing instability , and reducing accuracy and precision .
This is true of heavier bullets as well ; but their greater inertia makes the forces required to cause upset far greater ; as well as increasing the tendency to damp out upsets and return to stable orientation .
Finally , because lighter bullets are more lightly constructed , they are also not as strong ; and the faster rotation of higher twist rates causes the internal stresses on the bullet to be higher ( torque , centripetal and centrifugal force , shear forces between the layers of construction etc ... ) ; which may cause the bullets to disintegrate either in the air from imperfections in the bullet , or on impact ; without penetrating the target .
This is common with the lightest varmint bullets driven at very high velocities , and is sometimes called " poofing " , or " going poof " , because when the bullet disintegrates there is sometimes a visible puff of lead and copper residue in the air .
This tendency is unsurprising when you consider that a bullet traveling at 4000 feet per second , may be rotating as fast as 400,000 RPM .
Earlier
I said that for all practical purposes , overstabilization does n't exist in the real world of shooting .
This is n't to say that too much gyroscopic stabilization can't occur , but that it 's effects are generally so minimal as to be insignificant .
Now , some folks will tell you that you can stabilize a bullet so much , that the bullet wont follow a proper ballistic arc ; the gyroscopic effect causing the bullets nose to always point upward at the original angle the bullet was fired at , and cause the bullet to keyhole the target .
To a slight degree this can be true ; but only at extremely long or extremely short ranges does this become an issue .
Even some otherwise informed and reputable sources ( including the ammo oracle ) will tell you this is a problem but this is simply not true of almost all bullets , fired at almost all angles .
You would need to have a very short , very heavy bullet , fired at an extreme angle , with a very high twist rate , and with a shape that puts the center of pressure in an odd relationship to the center of gravity , for this to significantly reduce observed accuracy at anything but the absolute shortest , or longest ranges possible .
A bullet in flight will naturally tend to stabilize in a ballistic arc , with the base of the bullet behind the nose , because as the angle of attack changes , the center of pressure will move slightly behind the center of gravity .
The base of the bullet acts like the trim tab of an airplanes tail ; it tends to react against deflection , and oscilate in a cycle of reducing magnitude until the various forces on the bullet balance out , and stable state is regained .
In general when looking at bullet flight , gravitational forces , thrust forces , gyroscopic forces , and aerodynamic forces will naturally find a balance of ever decreasing magnitude , to produce a smoothe arc .
Gravity itself will tend to pull the nose of the bullet down , while deflection lift ( equivalent flat plate effect , also called weathervaning ) will tend to keep the base of the bullet up .
This aerodynamic tendency should overcome any tendency to maintain the initial angle of incidence because of high gyroscopic forces .
In a vacuum , that same smoothe arc exists , but the orientation of the bullet will not be stabilized aerodynamically ; and the bullet will tend to remain oriented in the intial direction of firing .
The only cases in which this would not be true , is if the range were so short that the bullet had not had time to straighten out from an initial disturbance , or if the range were so long and velocity so low that combined with a very high angle of incidence , a very high angle of attack , and a very high twist rate , the aerodynamic forces on the bullet had reduced to the point where the bullets rigidity in space was stronger than the weathervane effect .
There is one particular component of force that can slightly reduce accuracy due to overstabilization ; and that is through precessional drift as described above .
Precessional drift is when a rotating object tends to translate horizontally in the direction of rotation , due to gyrosopic momentum overcoming static inertia ( the centrigual force of the flywheel effect pulls the flywheel sideways ) .
If a very light bullet is spun significantly faster than required for stability , at long ranges this precessional drift can slightly reduce accuracy .
The heavier , and the longer , a bullet is ; the more it will resist this tendency .
Some folks believe that boattail bullets are more stable , and will stabilize at lower twist rates ; for varying reasons , but often because they believe that the length of surface contacting the bore makes a difference in stability .
Unfortunately , this is entirely incorrect .
Sometimes boattail bullets are more stable , especially at extreme ranges ; and they are certainly more aerodynamic in general ; but not all boat tail bullets are more stable in all loadings or situations , and if they are more stable , it has nothing to do with the length of the bearing surface of the bullet .
The reason why boattail bullets sometimes stabilize better , is n’t because of surface contact with the bore .
Why would twist rate or stabilization have anything to do with surface contact with the bore ?
The primary reason boattails can sometimes be more stable , is because the boattail base is less susceptible to aerodynamic upset ; and is also less likely to be nicked by a rough crown or bore imperfection .
Additionally , what imperfections there are have less effect on the bullet because they are at a smaller radius ( and thus exhibit lower gyroscopic forces ) , and have less aerodynamic pressure applied to themOften however , very light boat tail bullets are MORE susceptible to upset , because under some circumstances they do not exhibit as much positive stability ( the tendency to damp out oscillations from a disturbance ) as flat based bullets , as they have less incident flat plate area behind the center of pressure .
Hollow base bullets are even more interesting , in the effects that they have on turbulent flow , and base upset ; as well as their deformation characteristics out of the bore which can cause a shuttlecock effect ; but that 's neither here nor there .
Some folks believe the bearing surface length is important , without regard to bullet design , but this too is incorrect .
You ’ll note that the reason why twist rate increases stability , is because faster rotation means more aerodynamic forces ( radially symmetric lift ) as well as more gyroscopic forces .
This has nothing to do with bearing area .
Let me say this again :
The bearing area and rotational velocity of the bullet in flight , are not interrelated .
You could have nothing more than a bearing band 1/8 ” long , and the bullet would leave the barrel spinning at the same rate , and with the same rotational energy ( though a slightly higher linear velocity presuming gas seal integrity was maintained ) as if the bullet were a perfect cylinder ( presuming the rotational forces were n't so great that they distorted the bearing band of course ) .
In fact bearing bands are used by many large diameter ( .50 cal and above ) rifled projectiles ; as well as many projectiles used in 18th and 19th century in muzzle loaders ; because the use of bearing bands reduces friction and fouling .
Also some cast lead revolver bullets use a bearing band design for the same reasons .
Heck , boat tail bullets are even longer per given weight than flat base bullets are , so they would have an even faster required spin rate if it were n't for the factors I spoke of above .
If you can shoot heavier boat tail bullets through a slower twist barrel accurately , it is for the reasons I mentioned above ... welllll and one more thingNow , I said up near the beginning of this piece , that form lift , or rather to be more specific aerodynamic characteristics based on shape , could be important ; but it was n't relevant to the discussion here specifically with regard to twist rate , length , weight , and stabilization .
That 's not strictly true ; because different shapes of bullet , even with identical weight and length , will have different aerodynamic characteristics based on their shape .
It 's just that for the most part , those aerodynamic differences are quite small between different spitzer bullet designs , different roundnose bullet designs , different flat base bullet designs , and different boat tail bullet designs .
Most often , bullets compared with each other will all be of a single design type i.e. they will all be pointed nose or all be round nose etc ...
There can be significant aerodynamic differences between round and pointed nose bullets , and flat base vs. boattailed bullets .
Some shapes exhibit greater tendencies toward positive stability .
Some shapes have greater stability at lower velocities , and less stability at higher velocities or vice verse .
Some shapes deal with things like shock waves , turbulence , or flow separation better than others .
This relates to boattail bullets specifically , because overall , the boattail spitzer ( meaning pointed at the front with a gentle ogive , and tapered at the back with a flat base behind the taper ) is the optimal form for maintaining both stability and aerodynamic efficiency in the velocity ranges we are dealing with for rifle bullets .
Sharply pointed bullets with a tapered base generally deal with shockwaves and moving centers of pressure better than other bullet designs ; resisting shockwave upset and turbulent flow upset better .
So yes , often boattail bullets will be more stable ; but that does n't necessarily mean they will stabilize at a lower twist rate ( though sometimes it does ) .
It really depends on the relationship between the CG and the CP of the bullet , as described above , total aerodynamic forces , shockwave characteristics etc ... and it's not something that can be easily predicted by a lay person , or by anyone without a supersonic wind tunnel and measuring equipment for that matter .
Simply , other than the general differences between pointed and flat or rounded nose ; and flat or tapered base bullets ; those comparisons are not useful for practical purposes .
What about tumbling bullets ?
I mentioned above that the myth was that the original M16 barrels and ammunition were made deliberately unstable so they would hit the target " tumbling " .
This also , is very untrue .
As we 've described above , a bullet that is tumbling in flight is likely not to hit the target at all , and it 's terminal effect will be entirely unpredictable and inconsistent .
The stabilization in air of a bullet has very little effect on it's terminal performance ; except that a bullet which is unstable in air , will generally become more unstable in flesh .
Bullets that are stable in air may " tumble " in flesh , or they may not ; and " tumbling " itself is generally a misstatement of what happens .
Important to this discussion , rifling twist rate does n't significantly effect the stability of the bullet once it enters flesh .
I take a much more in depth look at " Tumbling Bullets " in : Terminal Tumbling
Well , every rifled barrel has a twist rate , and that twist rate determines how fast the bullet will spin .
You choose different twist rates based on the length ( which as we discussed above , is effectively the weight ) , of the bullets you wish to shoot .
Common MilSurp 5.56 ammunition is 55 gr or 62gr , so that is what most owners will prefer to optimize their rifles for ; but if you are interested in very long range shooting , or shooting larger game you want heavier bullets ; and if you are interested in popping varmints , you want lighter bullets .
Of course the most common rifle chambered in 5.56 , and the rifle which engendered this discussion , is the AR - 15/M16 .
The original AR15 specification used a 1:14 twist barrel , and 55 gr bullets .
It was this twist rate and loading which created the " M16 bullets tumble " myth , because the 55 gr bullets were not fully stabilized with rifling that slow .
The rifling twist was shortened to 1:12 with the M16A1 , then to 1:9 with the A2 , and finally 1:7 with the A3 and A4 ; specifically to support longer bullets such as tracers ( not to support the standard 62 gr bullet , which will stabilize just fine at 1:9 ) .
Of course there are other common platforms for the 5.56 round .
Early Mini - 14 barrels were 1:14 ( online sources disagree on some of the following dates by the way ) , but were changed to 1:10 in ' 78 , then to 1:7 in ' 86 , and to 1:9 in ' 95 .
Current production Mini - 14 barrels are 1:9.
I am not aware of the current production twist rates for the Galil ( the original barrels were 1:11 , and I believe current production are 1:9 but I can't confirm ) , or SIG 550 series .
The HKG36 is 1:7 .
The Steyr AUG was initially produced with 1:12 barrels and are currently produced with I believe 1:8 .
Initial production SA80 rifles also used 1:12 twist , and current production ( HK revisions ) use 1:7.
Bolt action rifles chambered in 5.56 or .223 are most often rifled with slower twist rates ; to appeal to the varmint shooters who most often buy them .
The majority are rifles in 1:14 or 1:12 rates .
First , you can generally safely shoot any of the common loadings ( presuming the length is short enough ) , with most any twist barrel , except at the extreme ends where bullets will never even partially stabilize , or will disintegrate right out of the bore ( which is funny to watch by the way ; as your friend starts to swear " damn it , I 'm SURE I had a good hold on that one and my zero is perfect " ) .
The loadings may not be very accurate past 25 yards , but they 'll fire safely .
One should also note that completely unstable bullets will still likely hit your target at under 25 yards , and even partially stabilized bullets should be fine out to at least 50 yards , and maybe as much as 100 yards ; again except at the extreme ends of the scale .
There seem to be a few critical destabilization points , or points where the natural tendency to be disturbed are greatest .
These tend to be when the bullet first leaves the muzzle , and / or clears the muzzle blast , when linear velocity slows by 1/3 , when the bullet drops below 2500 fps , when the bullet drops below 1500 fps , when the rotational velocity slows by about 1/3 , and when the bullet drops under supersonic .
Since a 5.56 bullet fired from out of an 18 ” or longer barrel is basically supersonic until it hits the ground ( presuming it 's aimed at something closer than 800 yards away ) ; and most loads will stay above 1500 fps ( and above 1/3 of their intial rotational velocity ) out to those ranges , they are n't really something to worry about unless you are firing at extreme ranges .
Really what we 're talking about is the first few microseconds , and the last few hundreths of a second of travel , when the bullet is leaving the muzzle or muzzle blast , when it drops below 2500 fps , and when it loses 1 / 3 of its initial velocity ( which are often very close to each other in the AR platform ) Generally speaking , the ranges that we 're concerned about as destabilization points , are 25 yards , 50 yards , 100 yards , 200 yards , 300 yards , 600 yards , and 800 yards .
For example , a 75 gr bullet fired out of a 1:12 barrel will be severely understabilized from the moment it leaves the bore , and will tend to go at least partially unstable in under 25 yards ( pretty much within microseconds of leaving the muzzle ) ; and may become completely unstable , not even hitting your target ; though 25 yards is so close it is likely the bullet will at least impact a man sized target .
A 62 gr bullet from the same barrel will be partially stabilized , and will most likely maintain stability out past 50 yards , and possibly out to 100 yards ( though not much if any further , in fact possibly not quite reaching 100 yards ) .
Why can't I say it will absolutely not be stable ?
Because every bullet is different , and because instability is unpredictable ( that is after all , its literal nature ) .
You can only talk about what is likely .
The same 75 gr bullet fired from a 1:9 barrel will most likely not go unstable ' til well past 100 yards , and even may be stable out past 300 yards ( depending on bullet design ) .
From a 1:8 barrel that bullet will pretty much remain stable until it hits the ground or drops below supersonic ( more than 800 yards out typically ) .
The 62gr bullet will stabilize completely from that 1:9 barrel , and not destabilize til past 800 yards as well .
Speaking in gross generalities ; we can talk about what twist rates are likely to properly stabilize what weights of bullet ; given conventional bullet design and construction .
The 40gr and under varmint bullets will fully stabilize with 1:14 or sometimes even 1:16 barrels ; and will tend to overspin and disintegrate with anything faster than 1:12 or so .
45 - 50 gr bullets will generally fully stabilize with 1:14 twist , but may require 1:12 , and will not tend to overspin until 1:9.55 gr milsurp bullets will partially stabilize ( out to 100 yards or so ) at 1:14 and fully stabilize out past 400 yards at 1:12 ( for shooting at longer ranges , a faster twist is recommended ) ; but do not generally overspin until 1:7 or thereabouts .
I have n’t seen a 55 gr milsurp disintegrate from overspin in a 1:7 barrel , but there is a small but clear reduction in accuracy at long range between a 1:9 barrel and a 1:7 barrel with the 55 gr bullets .
62gr bullets will partially stabilize with 1:12 to the point where they will group at 25 - 50 yards , and generally at least hit the target at 100 yards ( though the groups will be more like shotgun patterns ) , but really need 1:10 to fully stabilize .
They will not overspin with any barrel I ’ve seen .
Most 68 - 69 gr bullets will do all right with 1:9 but do better at long range with 1:8 ; though some will stabilize at 1:10 .
Most 70 - 72 gr will also stabilize at 1:9 , but do better with 1:8.
Some 72-75 gr bullets will do well with 1:9 , some need 1:8.
Bullets heavier than 75gr really need 1:8 minimum and prefer1:7.77 - 82gr bullets generally need a minimum of 1:7 ( though the 77gr SMK will at least partially stabilize at 1:9 and do reasonably well with 1:8 ) ; and I ’ve even seen 1:6 barrels .
I know there are 1:4 barrels , but I 've never seen one .
Generally speaking bullets heavier than 72gr are close to critical OAL for proper feeding from an AR .
Most 75 gr bullets are ok , but most bullets over 75 gr will not properly feed .
Some bullets as light as 72gr wo n't feed , and some 77gr bullets will ( again , the 77gr SMK ) ; depending on construction and profile .
I do n't know of any bullet heavier than 77gr that will proper ;y , reliably , and consistently feed from a full AR magazine , but there are 82 gr loadings that will single feed in match rifles .
There are bullets available for .223 at up to 102 gr weight ; but those are for long throat single shot match rifles ; and will not magazine feed from any rifle I know of .
I would presume it is these bullets that the 1:4 barrels are made for .
Now , there is a rule of thumb formula ( the Greenhill formula ) , which can be used to estimate the spin required to stabilize a given bullet :
So for a .224 caliber bullet .6 inches long : 150 x .224^2 divided by .6 = 1 in 12.5 inchesThe formula can be reversed to derive maximum bullet length which can be stabilized by a given barrel twist .
The formula changes to : Example for a .224 caliber barrel of 1:12 twist:150 x .224^2 divided by 12 = .627 The barrel will stabilize a bullet .627 inches long , or shorter ( which happens to be about the length of a 55 gr bullet ) .
Weeelll , that 's a toughie .
Whatever platform of rifle you choose , you should optimize it for the general use case .
Will you most often be plinking with milsurp ammo , or are you going to be busting chucks all day long with painstakingly hand assembled match grade varmint rounds ?
The first consideration is surplus and bulk ammunition .
The most common surplus and bulk loadings use 55 gr and 62 gr bullets .
55 gr loadings overspin a bit at anything faster than 1:7 , and slightly overspin at 1:7.
62 gr ammunition wo n't properly stabilize with twist rates slower than 1:9 ( actually 1:10 , but that 's not a commonly available twist ) , and works fine with most any faster rate .
This would suggest that if you want to shoot MilSurp , a barrel of 1:9 or 1:8 would be your best choice .
Why not go faster ?
As a civilian , you wo n't likely be firing armor piercing or tracer rounds .
Also unless you are going to be firing at very long ranges , or at game larger than coyotes , you do n't need to use the extremely long and heavy bullets which need the faster twist rates .
Based on those two assumptions , you do n't need to have a 1:7 twist barrel ; and if you DO have such a fast barrel , you can't really shoot anything lighter than 55 gr bullets out of it ( and really should stick to 62 gr or heavier ) .
Of course if you ARE shooting at game bigger than Coyotes ( men are significantly larger than coyotes ) , or at ranges longer than 300- 400 yards ( and especially longer than 600 yards ) ; then you are probably going to want to shoot longer heavier bullets .
The single most effective defensive loading available for the AR platform rifle today is the 77gr BTHP Sierra Match King , or 77gr Nosler special purpose BTHP ( sold as the " custom competition " ) loaded to about 2850 fps .
This is the spec for the Mk262 loading , developed for the JSOC special purpose rifle ; and is effective at both short and long ranges , from both short and long barrels .
The 77gr bullet design used in this loading , is very specifically the longest design of it's profile which will feed properly and consistently in the AR platform ( many 77gr bullets will not ) .
It has the most consistently effective terminal performance from all barrel lengths of any 5.56 ammunition .
The only problem ?
The 77gr bullet used , requires 1:8 or 1:7 to stabilize properly .
It will partially stabilize out to 100 yards with 1:9 and 300 yards with 1:8 , but it really needs a 1:7 barrel to fully stabilize past 300 yards ( of course most folks wo n't be shooting past 300 anyway ... )
So if you plan on shooting anything from 55 gr to 77gr bullets out of an AR , a 1:7 is just fine ; you just can't really shoot anything lighter .
If you only plan on shooting 55 gr and 62gr ... or maybe out to 68gr , then go ahead and get the 1:9 , and you 'll be able to shoot some of the heavier varmint loads as well .
If you are going to be primarily varminting with the rifle , then I recommend you choose a 1:12 twist barrel , unless you are planning on primarily using the very lightest 37 - 42 gr ammunition , in which case you should go with 1:14 .
The 1:12 is a versatile twist rate that will allow you to fire even the lightest varmint loads , while still preserving the capability to use 55 gr surplus , and in an emergency even 62 gr ammunition .
If you 're going to do a little bit of everything , buy a 1:9 barrel .
You can shoot everything down to the 45 gr varmint loads , and up to the 68gr hunting lods , and still get good results .
Oh , and in case you were wondering , this post clocked out at about 4900 words .
Only half as long as my longest , but still a stiff hit .
It took me about 3 continuous hours to write it , then another two hours or so of re-writes .
US NAVY , DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STUDY
By Rosalind Peterson
February 21 , 2009
NewsWithViews.com
The United States Navy and the U.S. Department of Defense have decided that their Northwest Training Range Complex , in the State of Washington , should be expanded , and have devised a draft Environmental Impact Statement ( EIS ) , dated December 2008 , for public review and comment .
The expansion of their area of operation will include all of the State of Washington , all of the State of Oregon , part of the state of Idaho , and Northern California .
This area will also include large areas of the Pacific Ocean from California to Washington .
( The map designating this program area also extends throughout Northern California to the San Francisco Bay Area under a “ warning area ” designation . )
The U.S. Commander of the Pacific Fleet has given American citizens and residents of these states only a very short time to comment on their draft EIS : Published on December 30 , 2008 , with a final public comment deadline extended to March 11 , 2009 , this document is approximately 1,000 +/- pages in length with attachments .
In addition to a short comment time the Navy limited public hearings to five , with only one held in Oregon , one in California and no hearings in Idaho .
The Navy has allegedly failed to place information about this EIS in major newspapers or inform our elected representatives about this program .
Thus , citizens in California , Oregon , Idaho , and Washington are asking for a realistic extension of time to read , study , and comment on this decision by the Navy and the Department of Defense , past the March 11 , 2009 , deadline .
It should be noted that most elected representatives in California and Oregon were not aware of this EIS or the consequences of this action by the Navy .
The Navy has declared that this draft was distributed to our elected representatives .
If so , then why have n’t our elected officials spoken up to defend our rights to be heard , required more public meetings and hearings in California , Washington , Idaho ( where not one was held ) , and Oregon ?
The U.S. Navy , the U.S. Department of Defense , and the Commander of the U.S. Pacific Fleet have decided , without our consent , that that are going to use the Pacific Ocean off the Coast of California , Oregon and Washington and the land over four states to test weapons of war .
They did not contact Senator Harry Reid of Nevada to obtain permission to use the Nevada Test Site for these warfare experiments .
Instead they decided to use public lands , the Pacific Ocean , private property , wildlife , and humans as test subjects for warfare testing in four states .
The Navy also has decided to contaminate our air , water , and soils with the chemicals used in these programs .
They fail to list many of the chemicals that are to be used in these programs .
Thus , under the Freedom of Information Act , I am requesting a complete listing of all chemicals that will be used during these testing programs .
It is easy for the Navy EIS to state that they can mitigate for such toxic usage but fail to disclose a complete listing of said chemicals .
Also copies of contamination studies conducted at other military test sites where contamination problems were found and at bases ( like Fallon Air Force Base ) .
The draft EIS does not fully address the potential environmental impacts on multiple resources , like air quality , water resources , airborne acoustic environment ( on land and in the ocean ) , biological resources , marine and terrestrial impacts and human health and safety .
Without a complete understanding of their programs it is impossible to determine any impacts … thus , their EIS states that “ … there are no significant impacts … ”
This statement is made throughout the entire document even though many of the chemicals used are highly toxic .
With the failure of the EIS to identify all of the air quality , water quality , and soils impacts of their programs this EIS appears to be a whitewash designed to stampede this program through as fast as the Navy can implement it .
And in listing only a few of the EPA list of toxic chemicals that will be released by military aircraft ( like jet fuel emissions ) , the Navy has avoided any discussion of negative impacts on air and water quality .
It is not sufficient to state that our air is already polluted and that additional pollutants will make no difference in air quality .
There is a short listing of hazardous materials , air pollutants , and pollutants from munitions , expended materials , and radioactive materials to will be used in this project .
I am requesting a complete listing of all chemicals that will be used by the Navy , Air Force , and any other branch of the Department of Defense in this project .
Inshore and offshore detonations may or may not be considered hazardous – however , until a complete listing of these chemicals is provided to the public there can be no public discussion of their hazard to public health , marine life , wildlife , public drinking water sources or our oceans .
The avoidance of making this specific list public leads one to believe that these hazardous materials and chemicals are toxic and do pose environmental hazards .
It is interesting that Table ES - 5 Summary of Effects ( Page ES - 16 ) – Hazardous Material does not list the name of any hazardous materials but tells the public that there is no problem with their use .
How is it possible to have a summary table and list none of the chemicals to be used during the Navy program ?
They do note petroleum products , heavy metals , and combustion products but fail to list all of them along with the number of pounds to be used each year .
The public and marine life in the ocean will be subjected to various sonar and aviation noise , target noise , surface ship noise , weapons and target noise , EOD ( no definition found ) , and underwater explosions .
The Navy does admit that marine life will be harmed but harming our food supply , ( fish like salmon ) , or the whales is not deemed important by the Navy , as they are expendable according to the EIS .
The Navy and the Department of Defense have decided that massive warfare expenditures for testing war products and weapons using marine life and the public as guinea pigs is in our best interest .
And since a lot of the equipment and other items to be tested are experimental this leads one to believe that they are testing them on us for the first time to see how they work and if the public is harmed by their usage .
Advertisement
Just when did the citizens of the United States agree to be warfare test subjects when the Nevada Test Site and / or Area 51 which could be used for these tests ?
And why use the Pacific Ocean which is a migratory haven for our food supply and valuable marine life – including those that migrate along the Pacific Coast ?
And if this Navy project is approved and the health of the citizens , marine , or wildlife is threatened who will be held responsible for this action and its negative consequences ?
The EIS does not give the public standing to say no to this project or the consequences of being used as guinea pigs during the testing .
In addition , the EIS does not state how long the testing process will last – providing us with the information that once implemented testing could be conducted forever in these areas .
I am requesting , under the freedom of information act , answers to the above questions , listings of the chemicals used and their exact harm to the public , animals , marine life , water supplies , trees , agriculture , and soils .
This includes information on whether or not depleted uranium , red and white phosphorus , weather modification and mitigation chemicals will be used , whether or not atmospheric testing will occur along with aviation over - flights and bombing runs .
Will sonic booms rattle our homes and low flights of planes shake our houses and wake us up at night ?
I am also requesting complete documentation and information on Electronic Combat Training and how it will impact human health .
Noise and electronic levels should also be made public .
My freedom of information act request also includes the following questions :
1 - Will aluminum coated fiberglass be used ( CHAFF ) and how many pounds will be released each year ?
2 - What are the health effects of Chaff particulates on humans , wildlife , soil and water ?
Please provide a study on these human and wildlife health effects .
3 - Will weather modification or mitigation programs be initiated during the Navy program ?
If so , what chemicals will be used in this program ?
4 - Will jets be allowed to fly at heights that leave persistent jet contrails that exacerbate global warming and change our climate ( NASA Studies ) ?
5 - A complete listing of jet fuels to be used (+ additives ) , and the components of said jet fuel with information on the number of chemicals released and their impact on human health , agriculture , soils , water supplies , and wildlife .
( Include JP - 8 , JP - 10 , and other new experimental jet fuels .
The Jet Emissions report is available online at the EPA Website .
6 - A complete study of depleted uranium showing human health and animal health effects .
7 - A complete study of the health effects of the compounds listed in Table 3.3 - 5 Page 3.3- 11 and definitions of RDX and HMX ( use and toxicity ) .
8 - Toxicity of Red and White Phosphorus – humans , wildlife , soils , water supplies , marine life .
9 - A complete listing of the propellants , explosives , pyrotechnics , chemical and riot agents , and smoke canisters ( type of smoke and toxicity ) is requested .
And a complete listing of obscurants which will be used in these programs and their toxicity .
10 - How much money will Washington , Oregon , California and Idaho be reimbursed for hazardous waste disposal and other toxic site clean - up from the Navy and the Department of Defense ?
It is requested that the reimbursement be 100 % .
11 - A complete listing and studies of the synergistic effects of all chemicals used in the Navy program with associated health effects .
This includes cumulative and synergistic effects as well .
12 - Studies of the synergistic effects of project chemicals on bioaccumulation in fish and other marine food supplies .
13 - Will Maxwell MOAs ( 1 , 2 & 3 , ) be used in this Navy Project ?
If yes , what will be the actions taken over this area by all branches of the military ?
A rough study of the EIS leads one to believe that the Navy and the Department of Defense intends to leave behind a toxic pea soup of chemicals and other toxins in their wake along with the human health effects and dead marine life .
Many areas of California , Oregon , Washington , and Idaho would be contaminated from these experiments through airborne and water migration across these regions .
It also appears that nothing would be spared in testing weapons of war on the public ( with the Nevada Test Site and Area 51 available for much of this testing and the Atlantic Ocean also available near Washington , D.C. ) ; it appears that these Western States will be sacrificed for building and testing more weapons of mass destruction .
Remember that sacrificing California , Washington , Oregon and Idaho is just the beginning … your state will be next .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
I am requesting that the State of California be excluded from this Navy project .
Citizens in all four states should say “ no ” to this proposed project and others like it .
Contract your elected representatives today and let them know how you feel about this project .
We are appealing to Congressman Mike Thompson , Senators Barbara Boxer and Dianne Feinstein to delay this project , allow more time for public comment , hold hearings in Mendocino County , CA , and to eventually oppose allowing California to become part of this costly , toxic warfare project .
END
For more information and copy of the U.S. Navy Environmental Impact Statement ( EIS ) .
Comment Form .
How to Get Over a Break Up
Falling passionately in love with someone is one of the most exhilarating feelings , as if you had wings and you are flying high in the sky , feeling the wind romantically blowing through your hair .
And usually , when love ends , it feels as if you ’ve been dropped like a rock in mid-air .
You scramble to grab a hold of something … anything , as you witness your body falling at great speeds , and then shattering on the earth below .
Whether we ’re talking about breakups , or facing the reality of a one - sided romance , it is painful .
So much so that it disrupts our normal flow of experiences , causing us to not function normally .
With so much emotion invested and our identities tied in with these experiences , it ’s no wonder that this is the number one topic requested by readers .
Over the past year , I have regularly received email from readers sharing their own takes on painful breakups ; tales of guilt , of fear , of regret , and of resentment .
Although the stories were different , the underlying message was universal and one in the same , “ I am in so much pain from not being with this person – what can I do ? ”
Sometimes , the pain of lost love is so intense that it can shake our beliefs about romance and relationships .
When these emotional bruises are not understood and have not healed properly , they become invisible baggage that drag with us into the next relationship .
This article focuses on the healing process from “ love lost ” .
Personal Story : The Gift of “ Love Lost ”
I categorize myself as a very passionate and emotional person .
I cry easily at movies and at the sight of passers - by with physical disabilities .
When I love , I give it my all , and when it ends , the pain of feeling abandoned can become overwhelmingly and cripplingly intense .
In fact , my journey into personal growth began when I was confronted by a painful breakup five years ago .
Out of despair , I had picked up a copy of the Seven Habits of Highly Effective People – the only personal development book I had heard of , at the time .
Although I would recommend a different book now for similar circumstances , at the time , this book introduced me to new concepts that helped me make sense of my emotions , and I was hungry for more .
Over the next few years , it was through dealing with recurring relationship issues that I experienced several rewarding revelations and was able to trigger several major growth spurts in my own self - improvement .
While these emotionally - infused episodes of “ love lost ” might have seemed unbearably painful at the time of happening , they were also the catalyst for personal growth , and played a critical role in my becoming a more wholesome and complete person .
The Origins of Love and Pain
Before diving into the practical how - to of healing , let ’s first look at what love is , where it comes from , and why we experience so much pain when it ends .
Photo : melissa
I believe that love is a universal energy infused in all forms of life .
It is something that lies within the core of every one of us .
When we are in a state of conscious awareness , the intense feeling of love and connectedness is clear and undeniable .
When we are in this state of clarity and inner peace , our thoughts and actions are based in love and truth .
Within the depths of our souls , we are all connected by this unifying and essential energy of life – love .
We occasionally experience glimpses of this deep connection through various and accidental happenstances , such as :
A gratifying and intimate conversation with another person .
Sharing and expressing your thoughts honestly and openly .
Creative expressions such as playing music , writing , drawing , dancing , cooking , designing or even computer programming .
Meditation , prayers or communing with your chosen religious group .
Communing with nature during a hike , a walk or while sitting by the bed of a river flowing beautifully in front of you .
During sexual orgasm ( The Dalai Lama has written about this . )
When we fall in love with another person , we are essentially experiencing the love that was within us all along .
The person is merely acting like a mirror reflecting our soul back at us .
Technically , we ca n’t “ fall ” in love , because we are already made of love .
The other person , much like a musical instrument , is the catalyst allowing us to recognize the beauty that ’s already within us .
Because of our lack of understanding that love resides within us , and that we actually have the power to invoke it on our own , we credit it to the other person for giving love to us .
This feeling is so strong and extraordinary , that we become addictive and possessive .
We want to capture it and keep it fixed , so that we can – at last – keep this heightened feeling forever .
The desire and dependency to keep this form fixed , becomes a source of self identification that artificially justifies who we are as physical beings .
We become attached to the fixed idea of how our relationship should go and our ego quickly becomes the main investor in this fund of a relationship .
The truth is that , everyone and everything is in a constant flow of change .
The changes in us and in our external circumstances are inevitable and undeniable .
When we change , the dynamics of our relationships change – not just romantic ones , but also friendships , family ties , and our relationships with co-workers .
Over time , some relationships strengthen and some grow apart .
When people grow apart , it does n’t mean that either one of them was a bad person , but rather that they ’ve learned all that they needed to from the other person , and that it ’s time to move on .
When it ’s time to move on , we hold onto this invisible box that contains an idealized and fixated form of how things should be .
We unconsciously and instinctively fall into the false believe that we must stop the love when we are no longer romantically involved .
Because we attribute love as being ‘ to ’ this other person external to us , pain happens when we forcefully try to kill the love , which is actually within us .
Let ’s repeat : Pain happens when we forcefully kill the love that ’s within us .
When we forcefully try to kill the love within us , it physically feels as if someone has stabbed a knife into our heart , and a sharp pain surfaces in our chest area .
In reality , we are that someone doing the stabbing , because we are trying to sever our innate connection to love and our Soul is now bleeding .
Our Soul is crying for help , asking us to stop the stabbing , to stop the pain .
A Love Affair & Emotional Freedom
“ When it comes to love ,
you need not fall but rather surrender ,
surrender to the idea that you must love yourself
before you can love another .
You must absolutely trust yourself
before you can absolutely trust another
and most importantly you must accept your flaws
before you can accept the flaws of another . ”
~ Philosophy : Falling in Love
In previous relationships , we probably depended on our partners to make us happy , to make us feel special , to make us whole and complete .
Our self - worth may have been wrapped up in how much attention our partner gave us .
This is a ‘ lose - lose ’ formula that works against our personal happiness , because it relies heavily on external circumstances beyond our control and is not sustainable in the long term .
Truth is , nothing external to us can give us the security we need .
Only we can give that to ourselves , by loving and accepting ourselves completely .
By learning to love and appreciate ourselves , not only do we free ourselves from the chains that keep us in pain when a relationship ends , it also makes us more attractive to the outside world .
Even when you do n’t explicitly speak about it , something in the grace of your movement will spread that message to others , like a summer breeze softly blowing the scent of a flower to neighboring plants .
7 Tips Getting Over a Break Up
Photo : Nathiya Prathnadi
1. Letting Go
What would you do if your house was burnt to the ground , and everything you owned was destroyed ?
I ’m sure you ’d be frustrated and angry at first , but at the same time , no amount of anger will undo what has been done .
It is what it is .
Your best bet is to begin moving on , and working towards creating a new home .
Similarly , when a relationship ends , you ’ll want to practice letting go and allowing the healing process to begin quickly .
If you were on the receiving end of a breakup , do not dwell on whether the person will come back or not , if they broke up with you at one point , chances are , something is wrong with the fit of your partnership , and you ’ll be better appreciated elsewhere , with someone else .
Even if you and the ex get back together , it is unlikely to last ( from my experience ) .
Trust that everything in the Universe happens for a reason , and it benefits everyone involved in the long run , even if the benefits are not yet clear .
Trust that this is the best possible thing to happen to you right now , and the reasons will become clear in the future .
2. Release Tension and Bundled Up Energy
We all have the need to be understood and heard .
Whether we ’re on the receiving end or the initiating end of a breakup , we often carry with us the tension and any unexpressed emotions .
We can release this extra energy by :
Talking about it with a friend .
Voicing our opinions honestly and openly with our ex-partner , which have been bottled up in the past .
Punching a pillow and crying freely for 10 minutes
Screaming out aloud and imagining unwanted energy being released with your voice ( seriously , I ’ve done a meditation that incorporated this , and I instantly felt better ) .
Writing in a journal ( more on this later ) .
Exercise and body movement .
Meditating .
3. Love Yourself
The practice of loving yourself is the most important aspect on the road to personal happiness and emotional stability .
I ’ve personally had my most valuable personal growth spurts during the period when I vigorously worked on this aspect of my life .
I did everything from cooking myself fancy dinners , to spending every Sunday on my own doing the things that I loved , to taking myself to Symphonies , to taking overseas trips on my own .
Each one had its own challenges and confronted my beliefs about loneliness .
Through overcoming the fear of loneliness , I experienced deep joy all by myself .
It was so gratifying , refreshing and empowering .
Here are some ideas to cultivate the art of loving yourself :
Take yourself on romantic dates as if you were on a date with another person .
Put on nice clothes , maybe buy yourself flowers , treat yourself to something delicious , and take long walks under the stars .
Whatever your idea of a romantic date is .
Look at yourself in the mirror .
Look yourself in the eyes .
Smile slightly with your eyes .
Practice giving gratitude to what you see .
You do n’t need words .
Just send out the intent of giving an abundance of love to the eyes that you see , and feel the feelings of love within you .
As you are looking into your eyes , look for something you admire about your eyes – maybe the color , the shape , the depth , the exoticness , or even the length of your eye lashes .
This will be a little weird and uncomfortable at first , but just trust me , and continue with it .
Do this for a few minutes every day .
Sit or stand in front of a mirror , or sit somewhere comfortable ( mix it up , and do both on different days ) , put both hands on your chest and say to yourself , “ I love you , < insert your name > ” .
Repeat a few times , slowly .
Continue with qualities you like about yourself , or things you are good at .
Be generous and list many , even if they sound silly .
Example , “ I love that you always know how to make your salads so colorful and appetizing . ” , “ I love that you have the discipline to go to the gym regularly , and you really take care of your body . ” , “ I love that you are so neat , and can keep your desk so organized . ”
Practice doing things on your own to challenge your fear of being alone .
For example , if you have a fear of eating alone in a restaurant , go out to a restaurant on your own .
Your mission is to find the joy within that experience .
4. Love Your Ex - Partner
Allow the love within you to flow .
Try practicing forgiveness and open up your heart .
Over the past few months , my friend Tom Stine and I have been chatting about the topic of overcoming breakups .
Tom had been married for 13 years and went through a divorce that took him 2 years to emotionally recover from .
When asked about how he got over his ex-wife , he had a few snippets of wisdom to convey :
“ I let myself love her .
Even when it felt like my heart was going to break .
Adyashanti says something amazing – when people say , ‘ My heart feels like it is going to break . ’
He says , ‘ Let it break .
If you let it really break – really , really break , it will transform you . ' ”
“ LET YOUR HEART BREAK WIDE OPEN .
Let go of every possible belief or thought that says your ex is anything other than the most incredible , amazing , wonderful person in the Universe .
You gotta love them and open your broken heart , WIDE OPEN !!!!
That ’s how to get over a break - up , really get over it .
Anything short of that is not gonna do it . ”
“ The key for me was getting utterly clear : we are apart , and the Universe never makes mistakes .
We are over .
And I can still love her .
That was HUGE .
I can love her with all my heart and soul and we never have to be together .
And when I realized that , I felt amazing .
And still do .
The freedom was great .
I could finally own - up to how much I wanted out of our relationship .
All the hurt and anger disappeared .
I was free . ”
The underlying message of love in Tom ’s words is pretty clear and powerful .
Photo : Nathiya Prathnadi
5. Give it Time
It takes time to heal .
Be patient .
Give it more time .
I promise the storm will end , and the sun will peak through the clouds .
6. Journal Your Experience
Spend some quality time in a comfortable chair , at your desk or at a café , and write your thoughts and feelings on paper .
No , not typing on a laptop , writing on paper with a pen .
Follow your heart and flow freely , but if you ’re stuck , here are some writing exercises you can do :
Drill into the why – Start with a question or statement , and continue to drill into why you feel that way until you have a truthful and satisfying reason .
The exercise is n’t to issue blame or blow off steam at someone else .
It ’s meant to gain clarity and understanding into how you feel , so you can alleviate unnecessary pain .
For example , you might start with the statement , “ I am in a lot of pain , ouch ! ” , and your why might be “ because she left me ” .
Now ask yourself , “ why does that hurt so much ? ” , and one possible why might be , “ because I feel abandoned ” .
The following why to “ why does feeling abandoned hurt so much ? ” , “ because it makes me feel alone ” , etc .
More than likely , the real reason has something to do with our own insecurities or fears .
– Start with a question or statement , and continue to drill into why you feel that way until you have a truthful and satisfying reason .
The exercise is n’t to issue blame or blow off steam at someone else .
It ’s meant to gain clarity and understanding into how you feel , so you can alleviate unnecessary pain .
For example , you might start with the statement , “ I am in a lot of pain , ouch ! ” , and your why might be “ because she left me ” .
Now ask yourself , “ why does that hurt so much ? ” , and one possible why might be , “ because I feel abandoned ” .
The following why to “ why does feeling abandoned hurt so much ? ” , “ because it makes me feel alone ” , etc .
More than likely , the real reason has something to do with our own insecurities or fears .
Finding the Lessons – What did you learn from the relationship ?
What did you learn from the other person ?
How is your life better because of it ?
How will your future relationships be better because of it ?
7. Read Something Inspirational
Books that deal with our emotions and ego are incredible tools at a time of healing .
They help to enlighten our understanding of ourselves and our experiences .
Here are some recommended books :
Parting Words : Healing from Breakup
“ Every relationship will end someday , whether by break - up or by the death of one partner .
Relationships have cycles .
They are born , they live , and they die .
Just like every part of life .
It is merely a part of life . ”
– Tom Stine
Socially , we view the end of a relationship with a negative connotation and give it the label of a ‘ failure ’ .
Just because a relationship has ended does not mean that the relationship was a failure .
Both parties likely gained something substantial in either learning about themselves or for the benefit of future partnerships .
Capture the beauty of time shared together , and note the valuable life lessons learned .
Be thankful for having experienced love , and know that you are a better person because of it .
No challenge is ever presented to us , if we are un -able to handle it .
For those currently in relationships , cherish and honor your partner for who they are as form and formless Beings .
Accept the reality that life is full of change , and dance with the changes and challenges as they come .
And when they come , view each one as an opportunity for personal growth – when you do that , nothing is lost .
All is well , and so be it .
** What are your experiences with dealing with breakups ?
Any words of wisdom for others going through it ?
Share your thoughts and stories with us in the comment section .
See you there !
I ’m not sure what happened down in Texas in 2008 , but administrators at several schools have been unusually cowardly about even the slightest challenges to their ideas of good order on campus .
During the election season there was the Great Non-Riot of 2008 at the University of Texas at Austin ( UT ) , where two students faced punishment equivalent to suspension or expulsion for posting political signs on their dormitory - room window , which inspired students across campus to vow to do the same in solidarity and in a noble exercise of the right to freedom of expression .
Once student outrage reached a high enough volume , President William Powers Jr. lifted the ban on signs posted on dorm - room windows .
As FIRE ’s Will Creeley wrote in October :
[ W ] hat significant government interest does this dorm signage ban further ?
Graves [ Jeffery L. Graves , Associate Vice President for Legal Affairs ] seems to suggest that UT has a general desire to maintain an aesthetic order , rather than allow signs being “ plastered around campus willy - nilly . ”
I ’m not at all sure that this generalized desire for order counts as a significant government interest …
Then , shortly before Halloween , Temple College faced the horror of a quotation from Friedrich Nietzsche : “ God is dead . ”
The line , posted in German on Professor Kerry Laird ’s office door , was deemed some kind of religious harassment by Mark Smith , Interim Vice President of Educational Services and Chief Academic Officer .
Smith wrote , “ Simply posting a cartoon or note on a door that can be considered offensive , insightful [ sic ] , and / or controversial is not a part of academic freedom and does not reflect well on Temple College and has the potential of creating a hostile or intimidating learning / work environment . ”
Smith had ordered that the posting be removed .
Just days earlier , Lesley B. Keeling - Olson , then the Interim Director of the Division of Liberal Arts ( she recently resigned ) , also had ordered that Laird remove a poster lampooning an Old Testament tale : “ KIDS : DON’T FUCK WITH GOD OR BEARS WILL EAT YOU . ”
After FIRE intervened and pointed out that a variety of Christian sayings were posted around campus without facing any such censorship , President Glenda Barron reversed the censorship and announced to all faculty and staff that such censorship had been inappropriate .
Students at several other colleges in Texas , however , have not been so lucky .
In the spring , the South Campus of Tarrant County College ( TCC ) declared that wearing empty gun holsters , even during an officially sanctioned protest in the school ’s tiny free speech zone , was too much for its fragile students to bear in this scary , post–Virginia Tech massacre world .
TCC student Brett Poulos had notified administrators that his group would be engaging in an “ Empty Holster Protest , ” collaborating with Students for Concealed Carry on Campus ( SCCC ) , a national organization that “ supports the legalization of concealed carry by licensed individuals on college campuses . ”
SCCC promoted a coordinated national protest for April 2008 in which students would peacefully attend class and perform other daily tasks while wearing empty holsters to signify opposition to state laws and school policies denying concealed handgun license holders the same rights on college campuses that they are granted in most other places .
In an April 10 response Juan Garcia , Vice President for Student Development , “ granted ” Poulos ’ request to stage a protest on the South Campus , but he changed the fundamental nature of the protest by banning the protesters from wearing empty holsters anywhere on the South Campus , including in the designated free speech zone .
The tiny free speech zone on the South Campus , according to Poulos , is an elevated , circular concrete platform about 12 feet across .
Poulos met with Garcia on April 18 and was told that TCC would take adverse action if SCCC members wore empty holsters anywhere , strayed beyond the campus ’s free speech zone during their holster - free “ empty holster ” protest , or even wore t- shirts advocating “ violence ” or displaying “ offensive ” material .
Later , in a May 29 radio interview with the National Rifle Association on NRA News , Garcia explained that after the Virginia Tech and Northeastern Illinois shootings , students were “ on edge , ” so “ any kind of equipment for guns ” was something that TCC would not accept because it was “ threatening ” and would “ disrupt our learning environment . ”
Garcia admitted that no students had said they were afraid of empty holsters and also said ( seeming to contradict himself ) that the VT / NIU incidents had “ nothing to do with Brett Poulos . ”
Nevertheless , Garcia said , corralling the student protesters in the free speech zone was appropriate because “ we want students in an area where we can provide security for both sides ” and TCC would not allow protests anywhere on campus without knowing about it because that would just create an “ open field ” for anyone to protest anywhere .
It bears mentioning that TCC was the only public college in the country that banned empty holsters from campus during the nationwide protest .
If you think that case is nuts , take a look at what happened this fall at Lone Star College–Tomball , which used an even crazier rationale for censoring a tongue - in - cheek “ Top Ten Gun Safety Tips ” flyer during a student activities fair .
After college officials banned the Young Conservatives of Texas ( YCT ) from distributing the flyer , the general counsel for the entire Lone Star College System invoked the specter of the Virginia Tech shootings , suggesting that even a “ mention of firearms and weapons ” is inherently a “ material interference ” with the school ’s operations .
The new group ’s status as a student organization was even threatened simply because of the flyer , although recently FIRE learned that the group would be allowed to exist after all .
We await word from school administrators , however , about whether the flyers will remain censored .
After we took a closer look at Lone Star ’s policies , we realized that the state of liberty there is poor indeed .
In fact , we named the Lone Star College System ’s policies our Speech Code of the Month for December 2008 .
The most vague and overbroad of these policies , found in the system - wide Student Code of Conduct , prohibits any “ vulgar expression ” on any Lone Star College campus , including in electronic communications .
This policy is unconstitutionally vague ; students have no way of knowing what exactly is prohibited , since what is “ vulgar ” depends entirely on who is hearing or viewing the expression in question .
It is also overbroad , explicitly prohibiting the very kinds of “ vulgar ” satire , parody , and social commentary that the Supreme Court has repeatedly held are protected by the First Amendment .
Indeed , FIRE opened and closed 2008 with Texas on our mind .
In January , Texas Southern University was FIRE ’s Speech Code of the Month .
Texas Southern ’s Student Code of Conduct prohibits “ intentional mental or physical harm , ” which it defines as follows :
Knowingly or recklessly causing or attempting to cause by acts and / or threats , emotional , mental , physical or verbal harm to another person ( which includes but is not limited to faculty , staff , students , visitors , etc. ) .
This includes intimidation , emotional force , embarrassing , degrading or damaging information , assumptions , implications , remarks , or fear for one ’s safety .
As FIRE ’s Samantha Harris wrote at the time , this policy piles one vague proscription on top of another , making it difficult if not impossible for students to know what is actually prohibited — thus allowing the university to punish students for virtually any expression that someone else finds hurtful .
The first vague prohibition is the prohibition on “ emotional , ” “ mental , ” or “ verbal harm ” — to say these phrases elude precise definition is an understatement .
What , exactly , is emotional harm ?
Does emotional harm occur if a student feels hurt , insulted , or even simply miffed by another student ’s speech ?
How is emotional harm distinct from mental harm ?
How are those two distinct from verbal harm ?
Compounding the problem , the policy follows up this vague prohibition with a set of equally vague examples of prohibited conduct , namely : “ emotional force ” ; “ assumptions ” ; “ implications ” ; and , perhaps most bizarrely , “ remarks . ”
How can the university conceivably regulate whether students make “ assumptions ” about one another ?
What kind of “ remarks ” are prohibited ?
And what is “ emotional force ” ?
Finally , the policy prohibits not only “ causing ” these harms , but merely “ attempting to cause ” them .
The U.S. Supreme Court has held that laws must “ give a person of ordinary intelligence a reasonable opportunity to know what is prohibited , so that he may act accordingly , ” or else they are unconstitutionally vague ( see Grayned v. City of Rockford ) .
Good luck figuring out this policy at Texas Southern .
If you ’re from Texas and you ’re feeling pretty good that you ’re not from one of these schools , just wait .
Texas A&M , Texas Tech , Rice University , and several other schools all have a “ red light ” in our database of speech codes .
A red - light school has at least one policy that both clearly and substantially restricts freedom of speech .
At public colleges , such restrictions violate the First Amendment .
Come on , Texas , start defending individual rights !
Republicans are more determined than ever to keep Franken out of the Senate .
GOP dead set against 59th Dem
Having just seen what President Barack Obama can do with 58 Democrats in the Senate , Republicans are more determined than ever to keep him from getting a 59th .
Especially if the 59th is Al Franken .
Advertisement
Franken , the former comedian , leads Republican Norm Coleman by 225 votes in a “ Groundhog Day ” of an election that dawned more than three months ago and shows no signs of ending soon .
Which is exactly how Senate Republicans want it .
The National Republican Senatorial Committee held a ritzy fundraiser for Coleman in Washington this week , helping him raise the money he needs to keep his legal challenges alive through a trial and then a lengthy legal process if he loses .
How long should Coleman hold out ?
“ However long it takes , ” says Texas Sen. John Cornyn , who chairs the NRSC .
“ I encourage him to see it through the end , ” Cornyn said Thursday .
“ He feels like he owes it to the voters of Minnesota and his colleagues here .
He realizes how important retaining that seat is to us . ”
The Democrats know how important the seat is — and they accuse the GOP of prolonging Coleman ’s legal fight just to keep it empty .
“ It ’s clear that national Republicans see the vacancy in Minnesota as one of the few arrows in their quiver to obstruct Democrats in the Senate from getting real change passed , ” said Eric Schultz , spokesman for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee .
With 58 Democrats in the Senate — technically 56 , plus Independents Joe Lieberman and Bernie Sanders — Obama was able to push through a $ 787 billion economic recovery plan by picking up just three Republican votes : Sens. Susan Collins , Olympia Snowe and Arlen Specter .
With Ted Kennedy unable to vote because of his health issues , he needed all three of them .
If Franken becomes the 59th senator to caucus with the Democrats , the GOP knows that Obama and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) will be able to railroad legislation through the Senate by picking off a single Republican moderate .
So while Coleman ’s gone — having neither won nor lost yet , he ca n’t return to his old seat and has been booted from his Capitol Hill office — his friends in the party are doing everything they can to keep him in the game .
At this week ’s NRSC fundraiser , PAC hosts paid $ 5,000 each ; individual hosts had to pony up $ 2,300 apiece , and attendees paid between $ 500 and $ 1,000 to attend .
Republicans turned out in force .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky. ) has already maxed out to Coleman ’s effort , giving $ 10,000 from his PAC , including $ 5,000 at the fundraiser – and House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) has given the maximum as well , according to a source familiar with the fundraiser .
Other Republican senators who contributed the $ 10,000 maximum limit include Mike Crapo of Idaho , Johnny Isakson of Georgia and Lamar Alexander of Tennessee , the third - highest ranking Republican in the Senate .
Republican Sens. James Inhofe of Oklahoma and Charles Grassley of Iowa each contributed $ 5,000 , while Collins chipped in another $ 2,000 and Sen. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska donated $ 1,000 , the person said .
Cornyn said Coleman said Coleman has raised $ 5 million since election day – and that even that is n’t enough .
Republicans insist that they ’re simply helping a colleague fight to make sure that all the votes are counted .
Franken has been taking steps — mocked by the GOP — to make it look like his victory is in hand .
He discussed potential committee assignments with Reid and repeatedly made the rounds in Washington , where he was this week for policy briefings and meetings with current and former Senate staffers .
Reid has said definitively that Coleman will “ never , ever ” serve in the Senate again .
But he said earlier this week that he will wait until the trial ends to decide whether the Senate should use its constitutional authority to seat Franken .
That ’s probably a moot point .
The GOP has promised to mount a filibuster — which would require 60 votes to overcome — if Democrats attempt to seat Franken before Coleman exhausts his legal remedies .
Democrat Amy Klobuchar also is eager for it to end .
Being the lone Minnesota has been a “ challenge , ” she told Politico , saying her home - state office has been flooded with phone calls and said her staff has seen its casework double in size .
“ Every day I say it will be resolved in a month — then the day changes and I say the same thing , ” Klobuchar said .
Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) , chairman of the Rules and Administration Committee that would oversee a dispute in the Minnesota Senate race , expressed confidence that Franken would win the case within a month .
“ I would doubt anything is going to change , ” Schumer said .
“ I ’d say the odds are very , very , very high that Franken is the winner . ”
Schumer would n’t say what Democrats would do if Coleman loses then appeals , saying “ he ’s been appealing and appealing and appealing . ”
Oxnard was in a bind , facing a $ 150 - million bill to fix cracking and crumbling streets and no way to pay for the work without cutting other services .
The city had tried , and failed , to get voters to approve a bond measure for street repair .
And it had borrowed money against almost all of its public property , including a soccer stadium , three fire stations and its library -- even the Police Department ’s evidence - storage building .
With virtually nothing left to hock , the city came up with an ingenious way to take on more debt :
It borrowed against future revenue by “ selling ” its streets to a city - controlled financing authority .
“ We had way too much construction work to do and way too little money , ” said Ken Ortega , Oxnard ’s public works director .
“ We really pulled every creative financing string we could to come up with the money . ”
Advertisement
Desperate for cash in a sputtering economy , local governments throughout California are digging themselves deeper into debt , and many are doing so through exotic financing schemes designed to sidestep the need for voter approval .
California cities , counties and other agencies borrowed $ 54 billion last year , nearly twice as much as in 2000 , and governments are straining under the load .
Statewide , 24 cities and public agencies missed scheduled debt payments this year or were forced to tap reserves or credit lines to stay current , records show .
That ’s up from nine in 2006 , according to the bond industry ’s self - regulatory agency .
The city of Vallejo , burdened with huge debt obligations , in May became the largest city in California history to file for bankruptcy protection .
Chula Vista , Orange County and Palmdale are among the other cities and counties staring at red ink .
Advertisement
Much of this borrowing binge was made possible by complex financial schemes such as the one Oxnard used .
These nontraditional debt vehicles cost more over the long run because they are considered riskier than general - obligation bonds , which governments stand fully behind .
Investors therefore demand higher interest rates .
“ There are many cities and counties engaging in complex financial deals that they do n’t really understand , ” said Michael Greenberger , former head of the trading division of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission .
“ And now it ’s starting to catch up with them . ”
Government officials say such measures were necessitated by Proposition 13 , the 1978 initiative that limited property taxes and required a two - thirds vote for future property tax hikes .
Local governments can raise various fees or cut costs to reduce their need for borrowing , but many are reluctant to do so , fearing a voter backlash .
“ Instead of saying we do n’t have enough income to do what we need to do , we ’ve resorted to debt , ” said Jean Ross , executive director of the California Budget Initiative , a nonpartisan group that studies the state ’s budget priorities .
“ It ’s time for elected officials to have an honest conversation with voters about what their tax dollars can buy . ”
Advertisement
Sleight of hand
Oxnard ’s sale of its streets in December 2007 was a variation on a borrowing technique known as a lease - back .
In a typical example in the private sector , a business sells a property to raise money , then leases it back from the buyer .
In the public sector , lease - backs are more a financial sleight of hand .
A city council that needs to raise money might sell its city hall to a council - controlled finance authority .
The council would then rent , or lease back , the building from the finance authority .
The authority , meanwhile , would issue bonds using the city hall as collateral .
It would pay back the bondholders with the “ rent ” it collects from the city .
Advertisement
The sale of the building is a legal abstraction , a shuffling of paper whose purpose is to keep the debt off the city ’s books .
That way , officials can circumvent the state Constitution ’s requirement of voter approval for government borrowing .
“ The reason they enter into these leases is so that they do n’t have to get the debt voter - approved , ” said John Kim , an advisor with Los Angeles investment bank De La Rosa & Co. who has set up lease - back deals for a number of California cities .
“ They ’re so popular that a lot of cities then run out of assets to lease . ”
Oxnard is one of Kim ’s clients .
In 2007 , the city wanted to issue bonds to finance part of its $ 150 - million street repaving project , using its share of state gas tax revenue to repay the debt .
But the state Constitution says local governments can’t issue debt against that revenue .
That ’s where Kim came in .
His plan :
The Oxnard City Council would sell the streets to the Oxnard Finance Authority , which consists of the council and mayor .
The Finance Authority would issue bonds to raise money for the improvements and repay the bondholders by selling the streets back to the city .
Advertisement
Where would the city get the money to buy the streets ?
From its gas tax revenue .
“ If you had to get a vote on everything , it would take a lot of time and there would be no guarantee that the voters would approve the debt , ” Oxnard financial services manager Michael More said .
“ Otherwise we would have to use a pay - as - you - go approach to every project , and we could never come up with enough money . ”
Recognizing the novelty of the approach , and facing some local opposition , Oxnard ran the strategy past state Atty .
Gen. Jerry Brown .
Brown gave the green light , and De La Rosa & Co. -- which collected $ 300,000 in fees from Oxnard -- had a winning formula .
The investment bank has since helped the cities of Santa Ana , Coachella and Indio come up with similar street deals , none of which went to a public vote .
Advertisement
“ They ’re circumventing the intent of the law , ” said Larry Stein , an Oxnard accountant and longtime city activist .
“ They ’re indebting the taxpayers using future revenue streams that may or may not pan out in the long run .
But the taxpayers have no say . ”
Of more than 10,000 bonds and other debt vehicles issued between 1998 and 2007 , fewer than 700 went to a public vote , according to the state treasurer ’s office .
Legal trouble
It is n’t just voters who are often left in the dark .
The investors who lend to local governments are not always given a clear picture of the borrower ’s finances .
Advertisement
In April , the Securities and Exchange Commission accused the city of San Diego of misleading investors about its finances when selling more than $ 260 million in bonds .
The SEC has asked a federal judge to fine the city , without specifying an amount .
San Diego officials have denied the charges and are fighting the case in federal court .
“ The fictions that are put together to fund the construction of public buildings and to cover these budget gaps are astounding , ” said Mattie Scott , a Monterey attorney who was hired by the Richmond School District to help it untangle its legal problems before it filed for bankruptcy protection in 1991 .
Many cities pass their bond funds through technically separate public financing authorities , housing authorities , utility authorities or special taxing districts .
The use of such entities makes it difficult for the public to assess a city ’s debt load .
Whether it ’s such a pass - through deal or a lease - back , bond buyers demand a higher rate of return for complicated deals .
Advertisement
The California Legislative Analyst ’s Office has estimated that the state government ’s use of lease - back deals costs as much as $ 370 million more for every $ 1 billion in debt than the use of general - obligation bonds .
The report was issued in 1995 , and finance experts say the added cost is probably greater now because the deals have become more complicated .
Chula Vista is an example of what happens when a city gets hooked on debt .
Between 2000 and 2007 , the city in San Diego County took on $ 648 million in new and refinanced debt to build a city hall , a police headquarters and other projects , including a segregated dog park to keep the terriers from nipping at the Dobermans .
None of this debt was issued with voter approval .
The City Council presumed that rising revenue would allow it to pay the debt .
Then came the economic downturn , and Chula Vista now is cutting furiously to meet its obligations .
Advertisement
It has shrunk the budget by $ 30 million , or 17 % , since mid-2006 .
Lost were library hours , senior programs , 200 jobs .
Even the popular Fourth of July festivities were crossed off the calendar .
More cutbacks may be on the way .
The city is looking at a $ 20 - million shortfall in the current fiscal year .
“ We were growing so rapidly that the need to build these facilities happened quicker than people had anticipated , ” said Maria Kachadoorian , the city ’s finance director .
“ But now the growth has stopped , and we do n’t have the money coming in to cover a lot of our costs . ”
--
william.heisel@latimes.com
TOKYO , Jan 6 ( Reuters ) - Toyota Motor Corp 7203 .
T plans to halt production at all of its plants in Japan for a total of 11 days in February and March in response to flagging auto sales , Japanese public broadcaster NHK reported on Tuesday .
The automaker in November cut its production plan by 950,000 units for the business year ending in March , but the firm now eyes a deeper reduction given a further deterioration in car sales , NHK said .
Toyota , which already announced a three - day suspension at all of its factories in Japan this month , plans the additional production halt for the next two months to reduce inventories , the broadcaster said .
( Reporting by Taiga Uranaka ; Editing by Chris Gallagher )
Originally Posted by loganp82 Originally Posted by
that whole disconnecting before the match is over was fixed with an update to there site .
The Testing Anti-patterns series explores numerous testing - related missteps , provides tips for identifying and extinguishing them in an existing codebase , and offers strategies for avoiding them altogether on new projects .
The series began as a conference presentation ( titled How to Fail With 100 % Test Coverage ) , and many of the anti-patterns are now available through the collection of essays below .
Essays
And while not specific to any one anti-pattern , this post offers a collection of related quotes and resources spanning the last ten years and then some .
How to Fail With 100 % Test Coverage
Abstract
With an expressive language such as Ruby or Groovy and with modern test practices , 100 % C0 test coverage is readily achievable .
But 100 % coverage is meaningless without other supporting habits and practices .
Over the last few years , we have taken dozens of projects to 100 % coverage , and there are still plenty of things that can go wrong :
We will look at examples of each of these problems , and show how to prevent them from infecting your project .
Presentations
The mainstream media has been flogged like a peasant ’s nag in a Dostoevsky novel by critics on both sides of the political divide .
For those of us who drink the nectar of abject cynicism , the situation is as sweet as it could be .
The left complains of media bias ; the right complains of media bias ; and both are convinced that the majority of our woes stem directly from that hideous old beast , the MSM , that refuses to pull .
While it is easy to assume that the slimy tentacles of Rupert Murdoch ’s ideology or the latte stains of the Grey Lady are to blame , what if that is n’t the case ?
The Economist ( Nov. 1st – 7th , 2008 ; “ Economics focus : A biased market ” , p. 88 ) implies that We the People might be the maker of media bias .
A 2005 study by S. Mullainathan and A. Shleifer suggests that readers want neither “ fair ” nor “ balanced ” ; they want their beliefs confirmed by the news .
Market principles are counterproductive to truth because media seeks profit , and it will print what sells .
In an homogeneous market , then , there is good reason to slant coverage .
Furthermore , slanting is easy .
A rise of 0.2 % in unemployment figures could headline as “ Recession Fears Grow ” or “ Turnaround in Sight ” , depending on how you want to look at it .
In 2007 , M. Gentzkow and J. Shapiro took the idea further .
First , they analyzed Congressional debates to identify phrases that were used disproportionately by Democrats or Republicans .
They then analyzed more than 400 newspapers to determine how often newspapers used partisan language .
With a measure of slant established , the authors next compared newspaper circulation with vote share in the 2004 presidential election and the likelihood of people within the market to contribute to political causes .
Not surprisingly , they found that circulation did correspond to prevalent political views in a given zip code .
Going one step further , they calculated what amount of slant would maximize newspaper profit in its market and compared that to the actual slant .
The two slants showed a striking congruence .
Both studies concentrated on newspapers , but I would suspect that their findings would be amplified when applied to radio , television , and the internet .
There may be only one newspaper directly serving a local market , whereas the consumer has nearly unlimited choice beyond print media .
If your first instinct when checking the news is to visit The Huffington Post , then you ’ve already made a choice about what news you want and how you want it .
Furthermore , the editors of such a site have even fewer reasons than print editors to include differing views or to attempt unbiased coverage .
The rapidity of the news cycle and the nature of the web - market almost certainly create a feedback loop that produces more and more slant with less and less exposure to differing opinions .
Print media , which has fallen on the hardest of times , would then be likely to increase slant in an effort to compete with media that gives the consumer exactly what he wants … a political reflection .
Mullainathan and Shleifer found that a heterogeneous reader can obtain an unbiased version of the news ; they did not suggest , as I will , that the heterogeneous reader is also likely to be an abject cynic .
What else could you be if you have to cross mountains of slant to find something as simple as hard news ?
Whether you roll around in the mud by choice or not , you ’re still dirty .
So is the dreaded MSM innocent ?
Is it all our fault for being so neurotic and insecure that we need our personal views confirmed in such a way that we can call them facts ?
Can we still blame our network of choice for ruining everything ?
If I accept responsibility , does that mean that I have to do something about it ?
Or , can I just keep blaming everything on all the politicians in Washington that I did n’t vote for ?
Obviously , variations on the “ chicken or the egg ” motif are possible here , and neither study goes so far as to state that ownership ideology has no influence .
These studies do , however , make interesting additions to the debate .
And if nothing else , when someone starts bitching about media bias you can respond , “ Whatever , it ’s all your fault anyhow . ”
Still , I have to wonder : if you beat the nag to death , what will pull the cart ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Renowned US novelist John Updike has died at the age of 76 , his publisher has announced .
He had been suffering from lung cancer .
Updike won many top literary prizes , including Pulitzers for two volumes of his famous Rabbit series .
In about 50 books over half a century , he chronicled sex , divorce and other aspects of life in post - war America .
He once told an interviewer that his subject was " the American small town , Protestant middle class " .
He died in a hospice near his home in Beverly Farms , Massachussetts , his publisher said .
The son of a schoolmaster , Updike was born in Pennsylvania in 1932 and , after attending Harvard , spent a year as an art student in Oxford in the UK .
Later he joined the staff of the New Yorker magazine , to which he contributed numerous poems , essays and short stories .
Updike 's first novel , The Poorhouse Fair , was published in 1959 .
The following year , though , saw the publication of the book which established him as one of the greatest novelists of his age , Rabbit , Run . PROMINENT UPDIKE NOVELS Rabbit , Run , 1960 Couples , 1968 Rabbit Redux , 1971 The Witches of Eastwick , 1984 Memories of the Ford Administration , 1992
Obituary : John Updike Updike in his own words Life in pictures John Updike : Your views
It marked the debut of his most enduring character , Harold " Rabbit " Angstrom .
In the following decades he would write sequels , including Rabbit Redux , Rabbit is Rich and Rabbit at Rest , charting the course of a man 's life - his job , marriage , affairs , minor triumphs and death .
The death was announced by publisher Alfred A Knopf .
" He was one of our greatest writers and he will be sorely missed , " Knopf publicity director Nicholas Latimer said .
In an interview , Updike explained why most of his novels were about the lives of ordinary Americans .
" The writer must face the fact that ordinary lives are what most people live most of the time , and that the novel as a narration of the fantastic and the adventurous is really an escapist plot ; that aesthetically the ordinary , the banal , is what you must deal with . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In September 2001 , Updike was visiting relatives in New York when he found himself witnessing the attack on the World Trade Centre .
The experience led to one of his last novels , Terrorist , in which he imagined the life of a radicalised American Muslim .
" To actually be seeing it not a mile away was very moving , very disturbing , very unsettling .
It 's like the bottom fell out of your own existence , somehow . "
Updike also wrote
The Witches of Eastwick in 1984 , which was made into a film starring Jack Nicholson , Cher , Michelle Pfeiffer and Susan Sarandon .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
2009.02.21 / develop
greeさんで開催され たKey Value Store勉強会に行ってきました。
時間にして4時間超え、内容も国内のKey-Value Storeなソフトウェアの最前線の話ばかりで相当なボリューム。以下、メモってたのを残しておきたいと思います。（誤字、脱字、内容に誤りを含むものなどありましたらお伝えください）また、発表者の方やプロダクトについて、ざっくり調べてURL見つけられたものについてはリンク張っています。
森さん / 末永さん
groonga
Sennaの後継エンジン
融通が効かないの がSennaのデメリット
スコア算出式のカスタマイズなど
Sennaの転置索引
索引の構成部品を自由に組み合わせて使える
API もいろいろ
QL
DB
Low Level
memcached 互換のkey - value store
バイナリのみ対 応
計測
クライアント memstorm -0.6.8
memcached と同じくらいの性能
valueサイズが小さいとほとんどかわらない
valueサイズが大きくなると少しパフォーマンス悪くなる
DB的な使い方もできる
Scheme以外の言語バインディングもできる（はず
名前の由 来
ブルース音楽の発祥地（？
Sennaともあんましかわらない（はず
山田浩之さん ( LuxIO )
IBM , Yahoo , MetaCast
LuxIO ( ラック スIO )
データベースマネージ ャ
C++
B+tree ,
分散はな し
ほかに不得意なことがすこし得意
分散検索エンジ ンLuxの内部データベースとして開発
普通のB+- tree
特徴1
mapped index
index部を全部mmap
index部を実メモリより小さいシステムが対象
特 徴2
長いvalue
4Gま で
node size ( page size ) をこえたvalue も余計なオーバーヘッドなしで扱える
特徴3
効率的なappend
paddingなしでLinkedListのデータ構造
SSD に向いてる？
使い道
key - valともに小さいデータで構想なアクセスが必要な場合
実メモリ以下のデータベースという制約あり
大きなvalueを扱いたい場合
大きなvalueをどんどん追記したい
向かない処 理
削除が多い処 理
小さいデータをたくさんリンク
seek のオーバーヘッドが大きすぎる
Read , Writeの激しいアプ リ
分散はたぶんしな い
Hashはつくるかも
read lockはなくした い
読み込みを重きをお く
単純に作ってみたかっ た
名前の由 来
リッチな検索エンジ ン
某シャンプーからとった（←ウケた
Tokyo - Cabinet の歴史
全文検索システ ムSnatcher
Namazu、スニペットつき
GDBM をベースにした転置インデックス
計量データベースライブラ リQDBM
cat mode , B+木対応 のGDBM
全文検索システム Estraier
全文検索システム HyperEstraier
mixiの検索機 能
外部システムからHEベースへ
この成長ペースだと破綻するのは必須。。。
Tokyo Cabinet
モダン なQDBM
C99 , Pthread , mmap pread / pwrite …
win32互換を破棄
でも検索機能にはあんまり使ってない
HE か らTokyo Dystopiaにおきかえたもの
主にデータマイニングで利用
HWのスペックあがってきててメモリ豊富なマシンでうごかせばHEのままでいい
ハッシュデータベー ス
static hashing による単純 化
データフォーマットの効率化
BER 圧縮、アラインメントとビットシフト
フリーブロックプー ル
ベストフィットアロケーション
メモリにのればmmap , それ以外はpread
ページキャッシュ とBTree索引
LRU 削除キャッシュ
多機能
順序を維持、カスタム比較関数
範囲検索、カーソ ル
Trick
格納時にページ単位で圧縮可能
投機的探 索
並列性はテーブル全体のrwrite
そのほ か
レコードに複数のカラ ム
スキーマ不 要
250万qps
Tokyo Tyrant
TCのネットワーク対応
ローカルのマルチプロセスでもDB共有に利用
並列化
スレッドプー ル
epoll . kqueue , evenports 利 用
各種プロトコ ル
独自バイナリ、memcached 互換、HTTP互換
抽象データベー ス
60000qps
これか ら
並列分散処理の時代 ？
TC / TTは１台あたりのスループットを最大化する技術
１台あたりでできることは増えてる 岡野原さん ( Key- valueの効率的格納 )
興味分 野
データ圧縮、自然言語処理、全文検索
文字列のキーを利用していろんな値を格納したい
方法１
木による格 納
キーに対してtrieなどの木構造を構築し、木の接点、葉に値を格納など
方法２
ハッシュによる格 納
木によるキーの格 納
各枝に文字が付随、つなげるとキー
値は接点の 先
tx : 木の簡潔h町減による 木の簡潔な表現によるtrieライブラリ( 09/02/22 修正 。thx myuiさん )
木の簡潔な表現によるtrieライブラリ(09/02/22 修正 。thx myuiさん ) キー集合をコンパクトに格納し操作可能
元のサイズの 約1/2 で格納
10 億くらいのキーでものる
select , rankの組み合わせで定数時間で探索可 能
ハッシ ュ
Cuckoo Hashing
1から作り直す確率は非常に低い
全体の平均計算量はキーの線形倍で 前坂さん mixi , R&D
memcached
LRU
最近はARCアルゴリズムがあつい？？
Patentされてる
Key / Value ,
Value=Object
1MB以内なら何でも扱える
RDBMS もキャッシュできるよ！
MySQL
QueryCache
採用するには厳しい理 由
オブジェクトの粒度をコンとトールできない
テーブル更新でデータ がinvalidate
マシンをこえたメモリ容量がつかえない
フラグメントが発生しやすい
キャッシュを共有できない
ロードバランサは ？
一貫性のないキャッシュ配 布
Facebook
28TB
独自の改 良
Shared Buffer Pool
Stats Global Lock の除去
TCP からUDP への移行（cacheだし）
通信パケットのバッ チ
秒 間20万クエリ(!!!!←すごい)
変更しすぎたのでとりこまれなかった
一部はとりこまれる予 定
最近の 話
バイナリプロトコルでno - replyが加わった
エラーはかえ す
CASに固定で8byteもわりあてていいの？
http://tinyurl.com/more-space
11211はmemcachedのポートとして公式に決定された 安井さ ん( repcached のなかみ ) KLabの方
memcacpedにレプリケーション機能をつけたもの
案 1 マルチスレッ ド
スレッド作 成
キューをつくってセットされたデータを入れる
メリッ ト
本体への影響がすくなそう
比較的簡 単
ただし、 、
アクセス数が多いときに問題発生
忙しいときにレプリケーション処理が追いつかない
キューがあふれ る
memcached のレスポンスが悪くなる
案 2 シングルスレッ ド
libeventを利 用
ハンドラを登録しておくとコールバックしてくれる
自分でselect ( 2 ) , poll ( 2) とかしなくていいのでらくちん
set/addのついでにrepl
プロトコルの処理中にレプる必要
どうしても応答時間が長くなる
案 3 Pipeにキーを書き込むように変更
だいぶよくなっ た
やっぱりリクエストが多くなれば素のパフォーマンスよりもすこし悪くなる
今のところ２台までの構成
１台だけレプリケーション？
３台使わないといけないシチュエーションがまだない
利用用 途
PHP のセッション管理
某 SNSのアバターの着せ替え機能のセッションなど
OK おすまで たけまるさん Kai = Dynamo + memcached API / Erlang
Dynamoの特 徴
amazonの 裏
分散したkey - val
高い分散透過 性
ショッピングカートでも使われてるらしい
高い可用 性
ロックなし、いつでもかきこめる
Eventually Consistant
3レプリ カ
Consistent Hashingで選択
ベクトルタイムスタンプを比較
古いデータを上書 き
結果的に整合性がとれ る
分散透過 性
分散していることの隠 蔽
P2P
透過性が高いと管理コストが低下
場所、移動、障 害
memcached のAPI だけだとすこし不十分、、、
なんだけども、とりあえずサポート
Erlangの使いどころ
分散システムの適している
アクターモデルが便 利
共有メモリがなく安 全
プロセスが軽 い
Copy on write 的にメッセージングパッシングを効率 化
そこそこ速 い
Java未満、LL以上
弱点は正規表現がだ め
Kai
Dynamo + memcached API / Erlang実装
開発者の本籍地から命 名
検索しにくい。 。
Kaiの性能
約 10000 qps
Erlangの備え付けのストレージがボトルネックっぽい
TCとか使えばいい？
某ポータルサイトで試験中らしい 上野さん （分散メディアストレージ的ななにか） 株式会 社Fillotの 方
配信をメインターゲッ ト
ブロードバンドメディアの配信基盤
Cagra
1000 speakers confで古橋さんとペアプロでつくっ た
amazon dynamo like zero - hop DHT
consistant hashing based
zero conf
single thread
商用版を作成 中
独自アルゴリズ ム
multi thread / FSM
リセットした理 由
商用化
アーキテクチャの限 界
fiberアーキテクチャ
TCP チューニング重要
パフォーマンスが４桁あがった
read / writeは計画的に
アルゴリズムの限 界
人気の集 中
非対称ノー ド
Virtual node増減させる ？
LC-VSS by Godfrey et al .
大量のノード前 提
データ局所 性
DHT => すべてをぶちこわす。。！
似たようなコンテンツもバラバラ
検索どうしよう ？
少数ノード 系
最近の論文だと大規模系を対象にしすぎ
昔の論文のほうが数十ノードを対象にしていて実は役立ったりする
これらの問題を解決すべきアルゴリズムを改良中 古橋さん ( kumofs , kumo fast strage ) えとらぼ株式会社のプロジェク ト
小さいkey - valueを大量に保存
永続化させた い
名前
雲は落ちない！（会場でおおお！という声）
特徴
replicationは３ つ
サーバおちても動 作
サーバを追加してスケールアウト
低遅延
機能
set , get , delete
性能的に はmemcachedよりいい
応答速度 はmemcached よりすこし遅い
set
非同期にすることで速くなる
ハイブリッ ドP2P 型
Gateway
ローカルホスト に
memcached のプロトコルで扱えるように
Manager
サーバ一覧を監 視
Gateway やServerに通達
ハッシュ空間は２つもっている
古いバージョ ン( rhs ) と新しいバージョ ン( whs )
困った
再配置で大量のトラフィック
Managerの分断問題
Gatewayを中継するのはオーバーヘッド？
deleteが一貫性を保証しない
バックエン ドDBにTC
西澤さ ん( ROMA ) ROMA
複数マシンから構成され るP2Pを利用した
Ruby 実装のkey - value store
Key : 4~6KB
社内クラウ ド
高負荷な状況であっても十分高速なデータアクセス
Pure P2P で自律的にノード管理
Consistent Hash ( 環状 )
各ノードが環全体のノード情報を保持
クライアントが環情報を保持することも可能
ROMAに始めてアクセスしたときにクライアントは環序湯法を取得
クライアント とRoma間は独自プロトコル
Java , Rubyで実 装
開発者に分散を意識させない
デー タPUT時に、ノードは左右のノードにレプリケーションされる
データは３つ存在することになる
クライアントはレプリケーション完了まで待つ
障害がなくて もPUTレプリケーション失敗するときがある
ノードが忙しすぎるときとか
マスター がPUT成功したらクライアントにはPUT成功を返す
PUT 失敗した隣接ノードはdirty flag
dirty flagは自然に解消され る
ノードの参加、脱退が自由に可能
各ノードはじわじわ情報を伝搬させていく 首藤さん Overlay Weaver のデモ
オーバーレイ上でのDNS
PC１台で15万くらいのノードをシミュレーション
性能重 視
no -hop
全ノードが全ノードを知る
スケーラビリティ （P2P由来）
multi-hop
小さな経路 表O ( log n ) 以下
XML - RPC , memcachedプロトコル
memcache対応のためにあえて1つだけしかvalueを返さない、とか
クラウド上の技術コンテストがあるのでぜひ参加してください！ 藤本さん
Flare
memcached互換
delete key expire_date (！ )
実装していな い
勝手拡張 も
Diskに書き込み( メモリ上じゃない )
TCベース
Slave の数だけenque
set → getですぐに取得できない場合にset syncコマンドがあ る
proxy機能も
2000 qps
greeの足跡で使って る
mixiの足跡 でTTを使っていると信じていた( ←某記事は少し間違ってたみたい)
まとめ
メモ読み返しただけでも相当濃い内容でした。同時にこの分野のトレンドはざっと見渡せた感じ。印象深いのはTokyo Cabinetを最下層のストレージに使って、その上でいろんな展開をしている、というトレンドはありそう。あと岡野原さんや首藤さんたちの学問的なアプローチからの視点によるKey-Value Storeの話も面白かったです。ハッシュ関数のトレンド(!)
なんてあるんですねー。
ボリュームがあったからかもしれませんが、久々にインプットが相当多い勉強会でした。企画、司会をされた太田さん、場所を提供いただいたgreeのみなさん、どうもありがとうございました！
So far the new QC store is doing well !
We are adding new items every day , such as Cogito Ergo Nom and the Hanners worry shirt .
We appreciate your patronage !
Okay I have been up for something like 17 hours , time to go home and pass out .
See you tomorrow .
Illustration by S. Kambayashi
“ ISN'T it funny / How they never make any money / When everyone in the racket / Cleans up such a packet . ”
That Basil Boothroyd poem was originally written about the movies , but it could just as well apply to banking .
In its last three years , Bear Stearns paid $ 11.3 billion in employee compensation and benefits .
According to its 2007 annual report , Lehman Brothers shelled out $ 21.6 billion in the three years before , while Merrill Lynch paid staff over $ 45 billion during the three years to 2007 .
And what have shareholders got from all this ?
Lehman 's got nothing ( the company went bust ) .
Investors in Bear Stearns received around $ 1.4 billion of JPMorgan Chase stock , now worth just half that after the fall in the acquirer 's share price .
Merrill Lynch 's shareholders got shares in Bank of America ( BofA ) which are now worth just $ 9.6 billion , less than a fifth of the original offer value .
Meanwhile , Citigroup paid $ 34.4 billion to its employees in 2007 and is now valued by the stockmarket at just $ 18.1 billion .
All this has reinforced the idea that banking is simply a gravy train for employees .
The row over the early payment of bonuses at Merrill Lynch shows yet again that insiders ' interests come first ( those to BofA staff , however , are likely to shrivel ) .
The case against banks goes something like this .
Over the past 25 years , the cost of finance has been low and asset prices have generally been rising .
That has encouraged banks to use more leverage in order to earn high returns on equity .
The process of lending money against the security of assets , or trading assets with the banks ' capital , helped to push asset prices even higher .
A sizeable proportion of the profits that resulted from all this activity was then handed out to employees in the form of wages and bonuses .
But when asset prices started to fall , the whole system unravelled .
Banks were forced to cut the amounts that they had borrowed , putting further downward pressure on prices .
The “ shadow banking system ” , which relied on bank finance , started to default .
The result was losses that outweighed the profits built up in the good years ; Merrill Lynch lost $ 15.3 billion in the fourth quarter of 2008 alone , compared with the $ 12.6 billion of post - tax profits it earned in 2005 and 2006 combined .
In effect , executives and employees were given a call option on the markets by the banking system .
They took most of the profits when the market was booming and shareholders bore the bulk of the losses during the bust .
What about the efforts made to align the incentives of employees , executives and shareholders ?
Employees were often paid in restricted stock and thus suffered heavily when their firms collapsed ; Dick Fuld , the boss of Lehman Brothers , was a prominent example .
Why then were bankers not more cautious , given the risks to their own wealth ?
There were two main reasons .
First , their base packages ( pay and cash bonuses ) were sufficiently large to make them feel financially secure .
That gave bankers a licence to gamble in the hope of earning the humungous payouts that would take them into the ranks of the über - wealthy .
The second reason was that the bankers simply did not recognise the risks they were taking .
Like most commentators ( including central bankers ) , they thought that the economic outlook was stable and that the financial system was doing a good job of spreading risk .
Henceforth two things need to be done .
The first is that the trigger for incentives ( as well as the payments themselves ) need to be longer - term in nature .
Bonuses could still be paid annually but based on the average performance over several years ; if bankers are rewarded for increasing the size of the loan book , their pay - off should be delayed until the borrower has established a sound payment record .
The effect would be to claw back profits earned by excessive risk - taking .
The second is that the banks ' capital has to be properly allocated .
If traders are given licence to use leverage to buy into rising asset markets , then the trading division should be charged a cost of capital high enough to reflect the risks involved .
Impossible , the banks might say : our star employees will never tolerate such restrictions .
But if there is ever going to be a time to reorganise the incentive structure now must be it .
A threat to quit will be pretty hollow , given the state of investment banking .
And few traders will have the clout to set up their own hedge funds in today 's market conditions .
In any case , the greediest employees may be the ones most likely to usher in the next banking crisis .
Better to wave them goodbye and wish good luck to their next employer .
Some clever techies confused PETA supporters today by pulling a well - executed prank against their campaign to “ re- brand ” fish as sea kittens .[ social_buttons ]
For at least a couple hours today , the internet was abuzz with the fact that www.SeaKittens.com had an Omaha Steaks ad smack - dab at the top of the page .
But PETA can’t really be that careless , right ?
>> You Digg ?
Check out our other upcoming posts
>> Sea Also : Michael Vick Scores 73.5 % on PETA ’s Animal Empathy Test
Turns out that the page is a line - by - line duplicate of PETA ’s actual sea kittens campaign site , but it ’s not owned by PETA at all .
According to Alley Insider , PETA has confirmed that the site is a parody and that they are not running any steak ads .
All jokes aside , giving up meat is one of the best ways you can help stop the advancement of global warming and air and water pollution .
More information about the environmental impact of meat :
Want to receive Planetsave updates via email ?
Sign up here .
— Eric Auchard is a Reuters columnist .
The opinions expressed are his own —
In the first global recession of the Internet Age , budget - conscious consumers are showing they no longer have an endless appetite for every new gadget or media service .
Many users are looking to eliminate overlapping services that offer more of the same old formula entertainment in a different package or on another device .
With iPods , digital TVs , video recorders , multimedia PCs and broadband connections in many households , consumers considering their options now find a range of cost - effective online substitutes for broadcast , cable or satellite TV .
TV programming , not just short - form entertainment , is served up on video sites in markets around the globe at Google Inc ’s YouTube , Daily Motion , Joost or at Hulu in the United States .
Could 2009 then be the year we seriously ask “ What ’s on the internet ? ” rather than “ What ’s on television ? ”
A study released last week by the consulting group Deloitte on media consumption habits suggests that this digital switchover may be occurring before our eyes .
The survey , completed in October , of U.S. consumers aged 14 to 75 found that a majority of consumers already see their PCs as more of an entertainment device than they do TVs .
The data is part of a five - country study of nearly 9,000 consumers that found parallel shifts toward online entertainment formats from TV , albeit with a more pronounced focus on mobile phone usage outside the US .
In Brazil , consumers spend an average of 19.3 hours online for personal use versus 9.8 hours watching TV .
In the United States , three - quarters of so - called “ millennials ” — young consumers aged 14 to 19 raised entirely in the Internet Age — say PCs offer more entertainment than TVs .
About half of Baby Boomers agree that PCs offer more .
Even a surprising 42 percent of the “ Reading generation , ” people aged 62 and above , see PCs as more entertaining than TVs .
U.S. “ millennials ” typically spend 18.8 hours a week online , nearly twice as much time as they spend on TV , the report finds .
They watch DVDs on computers for an average of almost two hours .
They are nearly five times as likely to listen to music on a PC , phone or music player than to the radio , the data shows .
This all may come as news to “ mature ” adults — those over 62 — which the U.S. survey found watch 21.5 hours of TV per week , double the time they spend online .
But the shift has already happened , however long it may take older generations to catch up , says Ed Moran , Deloitte ’s director of product innovation in New York , who led the study .
DIGITAL SUBSTITUTES
Forced to consider budgeting their once free - spending media habits , consumers may find getting better connected online to be the best way to cut their entertainment and communication costs .
Market researchers have seen a pick up over the course of the past year in switching behaviors as consumers cut back on premium movie or music packages or video rental subscription services .
For active consumers looking to watch more for less , there are abundant alternatives , albeit ones that may require several hours of battling “ customer service ” operators to extricate yourself from subscription traps , or in Europe , TV licensing fees .
Savvy consumers are finding “ good enough ” digital substitutes online that allow them to forego subscribing to pay TV or online video rental services .
That ’s true already among the young , but is likely to spread among other age groups as they see the value for money .
To be be sure , only as these older generations with far greater discretionary spending power switch will the trend spell the end of older media models .
Gartner analyst Mike McGuire says young people with newer PCs are increasingly taking over the functions of programming their own media , given the amount of TV , movie and music content they can stream or download .
TV over the Internet is sneaking up on us , slowly , unlike the music revolution set in motion by online file sharing service Napster a decade ago and laid low the music industry .
Internet bandwidth limitations probably limit how many can be channel surfing online at any one time .
But Broadcasters are getting into the act .
In Britain , the BBC iPlayer lets Web users replay the last week of broadcast TV and radio programs and ranks as the second most popular multimedia site behind YouTube .
For now , overseas users can only hear BBC radio on the iPlayer .
True , watching TV on the web will be held back until consumers can pick and choose on what device and when they see any particular program .
Regulators could do more to help break down media bundling in favor of a la carte pricing that allows consumers to pick and choose what they watch while freeing up programming for the Web .
While “ live TV ” is still a work - in - progress on the web , a growing amount of legitimate news and entertainment is free to view , via laptops or on smaller digital TV displays hooked up to computers .
For all but the most premium film or sports content , there is a growing variety of quality online substitutes .
It ’s not high - definition on a fat screen but it ’s playing when you want , at a price that ’s hard to beat .
— At the time of publication Eric Auchard did not own any direct investments in securities mentioned in this article .
He may be an owner indirectly as an investor in a fund .
For previous columns , Reuters ’ customers can click here . —
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israel admitted Wednesday that one of its tanks killed three girls whose father ’s cries on live television shocked viewers in the final days of the Gaza offensive , but said the action was “ reasonable . ”
An Israeli army ( IDF ) investigation found that two tank shells were fired at a building housing the apartment of Izz el - Deen Aboul Aish on January 16 -- two days before the end of its assault on the Islamist - ruled Gaza Strip .
“ Investigations were held on many levels ... the conclusions found that two shells were fired from an IDF tank resulting in the death of Dr Aboul Aish ’s daughters , ” a statement said .
It was the first finding from four investigations launched by Israel into allegations involving civilian deaths in Gaza , which numbered about 700 out of a total of 1,300 killed .
Israel has accused Hamas of using civilians as human shields and of launching attacks from heavily populated areas .
The January 6 shelling of more than 40 Palestinians trying to find shelter at a U.N. school was internationally condemned , but the case of the doctor ’s daughters gained more attention in Israeli media .
In its statement , the army said soldiers fighting in a populated area near his house thought they had identified militants on the roof of the building .
“ During the counter - fire by ( Israeli ) forces , suspicious figures were identified in the upper level of Dr Aboul Aish ’s house and were thought to be spotters who direct the Hamas sniper and mortar fire , ” the army statement said .
“ The commander of the force gave the order to open fire ...
It is from this fire that the three daughters of Dr Aboul Aish were killed .
Following the opening of fire screams were heard ... and immediately the IDF force ceased all fire . ”
“ PERSONAL WARNINGS ”
Aboul Aish said he knew from the start that his daughters had been killed by Israeli fire .
“ Thank God the truth has been revealed , ” said the Hebrew - speaking gynecologist , whose anguished cry for help to Channel 10 was heard live on the main evening news bulletin when he called a correspondent ’s cellphone , touching the hearts of many Israelis .
“ I was always sure that my case was just , ” Aboul Aish told Reuters by phone from an Israeli hospital where some of his family members are being treated for injuries .
Izz el - Deen Aboul Aish , a Palestinian doctor who worked in one of Israel 's main hospitals , speaks to the media in Tel Hashomer hospital near Tel Aviv January 17 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Gil Cohen Magen
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said he had wept on hearing the man ’s cries of pain over the loss of his girls .
The army , however , said it “ stresses that in the days leading up to the incident , Dr Aboul Aish was contacted personally several times by officers ... to urge ( him ) to evacuate his home . ”
Thousands of warning leaflets were also dropped over the district , it added .
“ The IDF is saddened by the harm caused to the Aboul Aish family , but at the same time states that considering the constraints of the battle scene ... the force ’s action and the decision to fire toward the building were reasonable . ”
Israel launched its offensive on December 27 with the stated aim of ending years of rocket fire from Gaza into southern towns .
The deaths of hundreds of civilians apparently did nothing to dent solid support for the offensive among the people of Israel , to put an end to rocket fire from Gaza which while erratic has also been lethal on occasion .
Israel lost 11 soldiers and three civilians during the latest fighting .
It ended on January 18 with Hamas and Israel declaring separate ceasefires .
And so the rage begins .
For months we have sat inert as the economic roof collapses in on us .
The Greeks and the French rioted , but we – the British – were shocked into silence .
Until now .
The pervasive insecurity has finally taken physical shape , with thousands of unofficial strikers taking to the streets bearing fury - streaked banners .
So which of the people responsible for knocking out the support beams of the economy are being picketed and pilloried ?
Is it the market fundamentalist politicians – both Tory and New Labour – who told us endlessly that economies work best when they are regulated least ?
Is it the bankers , who used this deregulation to spread the dry rot of bad loans throughout the banking system ?
Is it the bank CEOs who – even now – are using taxpayer money to pay themselves fat bonuses for screwing up ?
Is it the corporations who are refusing to pay £ 12bn in taxes every year ?
Is it the super - rich who are stashing £ 11.5 trn in tax havens – many of them British dependencies – rather than contribute to rebuilding this mess ?
No .
It is a few immigrant workers , living in hostels .
They are the only people who have seen a British protester outside their door in this depression .
The wildcat strikes are directed at them – and they are spreading .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Our anger has skipped over the people responsible , to people who are not .
Why ?
The political elite and much of the media have a vested interest in directing our rage away from their own responsibility on to someone – anyone – else .
Murdoch 's News Corporation – and other lackeys of self - interested billionaires – sold us the deregulation - mania and tax - slashing that contributed to this disaster , and have refused to pay any net taxes in Britain for over a decade .
The political elite was happy to follow their lead and bask in their applause .
So now it has reached its predictable end - point , they have failed to tell the story of how this disaster came to pass .
They have not named and shamed the bankers and market fundamentalists who brought the economy crashing down – because they would have to point into a mirror .
So the wildcat strikers settle on the people closest to hand : the Poles and Italians .
The men protesting outside their factories and plants are – rightly – worried about their jobs and their futures .
Because nobody has given a shape to their anger or offered a roadmap out of this insecurity , they have lapsed into zero - sum scrambling for the scraps that seem to remain .
There is a real issue concerning recent immigration – but it is low on the list of the factors threatening these men's livelihoods .
Nonetheless , we have to be honest about it .
It is true that immigrants make a net contribution to the British economy of £ 2.5 bn a year , but it is also true that this benefit is n't felt equally .
When there is a significant increase in the supply of cheap labour – with immigrants arriving in large numbers – the price businesses pay for it falls .
This means at the bottom of the income scale , wages are eroded .
It is not racist or irrational for people in that position to feel angry .
But is the solution to turn on those immigrants ?
The protesters in Hull and Lincolnshire are motivated first , second and third by a desire for a secure job .
They need to be shown that the route they are pursuing now wo n't achieve it – but there is an alternative to fight for that will .
What would happen if we ended the freedom to work across the European Union ?
Yes , one million Europeans based here will have to go home , and you wo n't be competing with them any more .
But the 1.5 million Brits based elsewhere in the EU will also have to return too .
You would be competing against them instead , in an economy that would be even more depressed by the unravelling of European trade .
No .
The best way to deal with the wage - depressing effect of immigration at the bottom is to demand an increase in the minimum wage .
This places the white working class and immigrants on the same side against the CBI - led elite – rather than squabbling among themselves as the bankers stroll away laughing .
But this is only the first step .
If we are going to pull out of this depression , we need the Government to embark on a huge programme of job creation , just as the US government did in the 1930s .
We urgently need millions of jobs anyway to turn Britain into a low - carbon economy – and the Government can pay for it by closing tax havens and finally getting the rich to pay their fair share .
That 's real , urgent work .
But so far , the Government 's fiscal stimulus has seemed to only concentrate on people at the top : bankers and big business .
Gordon Brown is not talking plainly about launching huge programmes to get Britain working through a depression .
His response has been filled with jargon and hard to follow .
Compare it to Barack Obama 's statement last week , calling Wall Street " shameful " and saying " the American people will not tolerate this behaviour " .
David Cameron 's Conservatives are much worse , renouncing the idea of any fiscal stimulus at all – guaranteeing a much more bitter economic contraction .
But neither party is going to spontaneously propose the New Deal we need .
They have to be pressured into it : even FDR had to be spurred by heavy waves of public protest .
My friend Nick O'Donovan has launched a British equivalent to the US campaigning group moveon.org to draw together the great latent mass of people in Britain who want to lobby for a progressive way out of the slump .
It is called Dosomethingaboutit.org.uk – and it should be the fulcrum for turning anger currently directed at immigrants into demand for a British New Deal .
If we turn on each other like rats in a cage , the depression will only become longer and more bitter .
There is a better way .
We should be standing shoulder - to - shoulder with the wildcat strikers and , yes , immigrants too , in protests outside Downing Street demanding a big fiscal stimulus that will get us all back to work .
That 's the only outlet for our anger that will drag us up and out .
Our choice now is between a New Deal – or a national ordeal .
j.hari@independent.co.uk
This is a guest post written by Jawad of HardwareInsight
With millions of blogs jamming the entire internet , its getting tougher and tougher to generate and flock quality and targeted traffic to your blog .
Here are some handy and really effective tips to get quality traffic for your blog .
1. Give food to the Search Engines
Search engines like Google , Yahoo , and AltaVista are perhaps the best sources of getting quality traffic .
Traffic that comes through these engines has greater chance to give you dollars before it leaves your blog .
So serve these engines with proper food :
o Install and use plug-ins that provide good SEO , you can find the best among them here
o Use proper tags for html .
Tags are not usually only the keywords , they can be phrases .
Take it this way ; try to tag all those phrases that you come up with relating to your post , that a user may search on search engines .
For example you have a post iPhone or iPoor , if the user passes query on search engines as ‘ iphone or ipoor ’ then the search engine will display the link to your blog usually among top 5 depending on your blog 's page rank .
However if user passes a query ‘ iphone VS ipoor ’ and you have tagged this phrase too , then the search engine will also give a top link to you blog
o Try to make the title of post simple , without any characters other than letters and number .
Think what the people may type in the search engine .
Target current hot topics related to your blog and title them with what you would search on Google if you were to look for the material on web related to this post .
Do not use titles like 3 ways to do this , 10 way to do that etc instead use titles like how to do this or that .
o Last but not least try to write post for other blogs either guest post or paid post to get a link - back to your blog , by doing this , it 's a high probability that search engines refer to your blog .
2. Join Communities :
Join communities at Orkut , Facebook , Flickr etc having a lot of members and that relate to your blog .
Become a prominent member of the community .
Try to write good topics and comments so that members may start knowing you .
Do n’t give the link to your blog or any website till a month or two .
Afterwards you can post link to your blog in the community and the members who read you posts , who trust on you that who write quality posts , will go to your blog and become the permanent reader of your blog !
3. Content is the king :
Perhaps the most important thing is this !
Do not copy and do not post unnecessary post just for the sake of increasing the posts ; write a quality post .
A simple yet good post can generate good traffic .
For example this simple post generated more than 1500 views in just 3 day on a 1 day old blog !
This proves Content is the King .
If only one person likes your post , he 'll recommend it to his / her friends and they 'll do the same and a chain reaction will start .
In this scenario you have to do nothing , just write a quality content and stumble it and Digg it once , the content itself will do the rest of the job .
Provide sections in you blog that serve regular users , for example a featured video daily or weekly , downloads , games etc
Kate Walsh 's Husband Files For Divorce ( Photos )
Private Practice star , 41 , has split with her husband .
The 37 year old film executive at 20th Century Fox filed for divorce after just 15 months of marriage .
Citing irreconcilable differences , the couple split on November 22 , 2008 .
They announced their engagement in May 2007 and wed four months later .
Their nuptials were featured in an exclusive photo spread with OK !
magazine .
Check out some wedding pics and a few others that show the happy couple before wedded bliss turned to something else .
Photos : WENN
On New Year 's Day Atif Irfan boarded an AirTran flight at Reagan National Airport in Washington with seven members of his family .
Edging his way down the aisle , he wondered out loud to his wife whether the back of the plane was the best place to be .
As they took their seats , his sister - in - law said she thought it was the safest part , rather than being close to the engine or wings " in case something happened " .
The conversation was overheard by two teenage girls , who took one look at the mens ' dark skin and beards and the women 's headscarves and saw a family of suicide bombers , including three small children aged between two and seven .
The girls told their parents ; their parents told the flight attendant ; the flight attendant told the air marshals and then the captain ; the air marshals called the FBI and the airport police .
The pilot asked the marshals to remove the entire family from the plane .
Then officials asked everybody else to get off so they could perform a thorough sweep .
The family ( as well as a family friend who happened to be on the same flight ) was surrounded by armed guards , detained for questioning and then released .
The plane eventually took off without them .
When they tried to get on a later AirTran flight the airline refused to book them , even though they had been cleared ( it has since apologised ) .
The Irfan family 's ordeal escalated according to its own humiliating logic .
And yet seven years after 9/11 it was no isolated incident .
Pre-emptive , presumptive , disproportionate and discriminatory , it speaks volumes about the prevailing values those two American teenagers have lived with for much of their lives .
A world that confuses Muslim and terrorist , and conflates the civilian and combatant by taking popular fear and prejudice and handing them over to state power .
Driven by the maxim that you are better safe than sorry , it leaves nobody safe and everybody sorry .
The only thing that prevented this particular incident from becoming yet another ideal metaphor for the war on terror is that nobody was killed or disappeared .
There is nothing particularly American about this .
Like Nike or McDonald 's , the war on terror may have started here but it quickly got branded and went global .
In the months after the attacks on the World Trade Centre and the Pentagon , everybody wanted a piece of the action .
President George Bush found himself in illustrious company .
Among others , Zimbabwe 's president , Robert Mugabe , and India 's former prime minster Atal Bihari Vajpayee sought to ride his coattails to their own version of violent despotism .
However , few nations pursued it with such consistent zeal as Israel .
" You in America are in a war against terror , " Ariel Sharon said after he left the White House following suicide bombings in Haifa and Jerusalem in December 2001 .
" We in Israel are in a war against terror - it's the same war . "
The trouble is that over the last seven years , the war on terror has been thoroughly discredited - not only morally , but militarily and strategically .
Nobody listens to moderates , let alone to reason , when bombs are falling and people are dying .
That is as true for the rockets that have killed a handful of Israelis as it is for the barrage of bombs and now tanks that have killed hundreds of Palestinians .
By erasing any prospect of negotiation , the violence did not weaken extremists but emboldened them .
Israel may want to boost the moderate Fatah faction which governs the West Bank now .
But Hamas 's electoral rise was a direct result of the contempt the Israeli 's showed them in the past .
Meanwhile , the Iraq war has left Iran - the primary sponsor of both Hezbollah and Hamas - with far more influence in the region than they would have had .
On almost every front in almost every part of the world , including in the US , the war on terror is now seen as a colossal mistake .
Only Israel did not get the memo .
And it is now set to fail for the same reasons that America has .
Diplomatically , Israeli efforts to sell its bombardment and now invasion of Gaza as a straightforward extension of the war on terror have been fairly blatant .
It has described the shelling of homes , mosques and police stations as the destruction of " the infrastructure of terror " .
Even as the rest of the world condemns it , Israel 's foreign minister , and Kadima party leader , Tzipi Livni , has been telling anyone who will listen that her country 's actions place it firmly within the community of nations and leaves Gazans and their democratically elected rulers outside .
" Israel is part of the free world and fights extremism and terrorism .
Hamas is not , " she said .
And from there we are just one small step away from putting the world on notice that either " you 're with us or you 're with the terrorists " .
" These are the days when every individual in the region and in the world has to choose a side , " Livni said .
Meanwhile , Israel has been busy implementing the very tenets of the war on terror that have served the US so badly , primarily that intractable political problems can be solved solely by military means with the aim of not simply bombing your enemies into submission , but eliminating them altogether and then creating resolution on your own terms from the rubble .
" What I think we need to do is to reach a situation in which we do not allow Hamas to govern , " said Vice - Premier Haim Ramon .
" That is the most important thing . "
Who he thinks should govern when Hamas has gone , and precisely what legitimacy they would have , does not seem to bother him .
He does not want to change the government of Gaza , he wants to change the people .
On this matter Livni is right .
People do have to choose sides .
But , so far , it has not been her side .
Seven years after 9/11 the world has a good idea of what 's coming next and how widespread the ramifications might be - and they want no part of it .
The war on terror is over .
War lost .
For the first time in a long time , that even appears to be true in America .
A recent Rasmussen poll shows the American public far less indulgent of Israeli aggression than many previously believed .
Opinion on the bombing of Gaza is fairly evenly divided , showing 44 % supporting Israel 's military action against the Palestinians and 41 % saying it should have tried to find a diplomatic solution to the problems .
Given the absence of any honest or informed debate about events in the Middle East , this suggests significant room for manoeuvre for President - elect Obama in pursuing a more even - handed policy towards the region , if he should chose to take it .
The benefits could strengthen America 's hand throughout the region .
Majorities in seven Arab nations say their opinion of the US would significantly improve if it put pressure on Israel to comply with international law in its treatment of Palestinians - generally more than say the same about closing Guantánamo Bay , according to Gallup .
That is the change both America and the Middle East need .
It 's also the change most of the rest of the world wants to believe in .
g.younge@theguardian.com
Florence Italy Travel Welcome to Travel - To-Florence.com .
Your online guide to the greatest sights in history !
This website is dedicated to the sights , sounds and magic that is Firenze .
Resting in the lap of the Tuscany region , this center of art is situated with Milan at its north and Rome at its south .
Florence Italy is a magical place and absolute heaven for art lovers and tourists alike !
Florence is much more than a tourist destination ; it is a divine spot , one of the few historically rich and vivid locations on Earth that speaks out to you in a resonant voice about its magnificence .
Florence Italy however , has much more to offer than art and architecture .
Whether you are visiting on your honeymoon or family vacation , you will become completely mesmerized by the city 's mix of ancient history and modern life .
There is something so enduring about the timeless sights and ruins of the lavish past , reminiscent of a bygone era .
The beautiful , sultry voice of the Italians and their melodious language leaves one yearning to learn these beautiful words to understand .
You feel the warmth of the sun and the excitement in the air and it will leave you wanting to come back again and again Your Ultimate Travel Guide
But before you go , it is important to know all the amazing things that Florence Italy has to offer and how to find them , that 's where we come in .
The best attractions , piazzas , museums , restaurants , cooking classes etc ! * Piazzas : The Piazzas give you an amazing insight into the life , passions and beauty of Florentine life .
The Piazza della Signoria is undoubtedly the most beautiful square in the city ( if not the world ) and is still important as the Florentine 's social and political centre .
The Piazzale Michelangelo provides wide views of the Duomo , Ponte Vecchio , the Uffizi , and the Bargelo .
Guilo Parigi offered the city the piazza of Santa Croce , and he also worked as the architect of the Pitti Palace for the Medici family .
* Museums : The Florence Archaeological Museum contains impressive collections of Egyptian and Etruscan Art . The Uffizi gallery is the showplace of many renaissance paintings by such famous artists as Botticelli , Raphael and Michelangelo .
The Pitti Palace also houses an incomparable art collection featuring paintings by Caravaggio , Titian and Rubens .
The adjoining Boboli gardens are a wonderful place to have a picnic or spend a lazy afternoon .
* Hotels :
No matter what time of the year you prefer to visit Florence Italy , there are a number of hotels , apartments and villas available in all price ranges .
From one star hotels to five star villas there is something for everyone in Florence !
The key is to reserve the required number of rooms as early as possible .
The same advice goes for villas and apartment rentals .
July and August are the busiest months and the prices are higher .
You can avoid the bustling crowd by visiting in late April and May or September and October .
The weather is perfect in these months and the crowds are much smaller .
* Restaurants :
The restaurants in Florence Italy provide absolutely heavenly feasts .
They offer you the freshest ingredients prepared with age old techniques that leave your gastronomic tastes satisfied !
You can also try your hand at creating your own recipes in your apartment rental or villa after buying the freshest of ingredients in the local markets .
* Weather : Tuscany is situated in the inland regions of the Mediterranean , and so it is considerably more humid than the coastal regions where the winds blow .
Florence experiences a subtropical climate , and is neither too hot , nor too cold .
Florence is truly a rich experience for all senses , and you will certainly enjoy yourself under the Tuscan sun !
Festivals & Events : Maggio Musicale Fiorentino - " Musical May " - Italy 's oldest and most prestigious music festival .
Calcio Storico-
A wild , almost modern day gladiatorial contest between two teams combining rugby , soccer and wrestling .
Held annually between June 24 - 28 .
Estate Fiesolana - " Summer in Fiesole " - Nearby Fiesole comes alive with a variety of dance , music and theater performances in their amazing ancient Roman theater .
Events run through September .
Florence Dance Festival - International dance companies perform in the cities most beautiful outdoor locations , such as Piazzale Michelangelo and the Boboli Gardens .
International Antique Show - Held in mid-September in uneven years .
Want to know what 's going on in Florence ?
Sign up for our monthly newsletter " The Florentine " , to find out about upcoming events , deals and happenings !
Email
Name
Then
Do n't worry -- your e-mail address is totally secure .
I promise to use it only to send you The Florentine .
Word used to reference a woman 's genital area and a substitute for calling a person cunt , bitch , or hoe .
A way of expressing hate towards someone .
Calling some a natch is the equivalent of saying " go fuck yourself Simply throwing the word natch anywhere in a sentence will make sense to the average human .
Is Wix good for SEO ?
Because of the Wix SEO
Hero competition where they 've put $ 50,000 on the line , I decided to check out their platform .
They 've had many issues in the past but I wanted to give them a fair chance so here 's what I found .
Working with their editor is a pain , it 's extremely slow to load and failed to load on me several times .
Title tags
All good here , you can customize them .
Meta descriptions
As with titles you can customize them .
Friendly / Customizeable URLs
I 'll give Wix points for improvement here .
They 've removed the hashbangs #!
as detailed here and you can set custom URLs
Image names and ALT Attributes
They have a place to edit , but even though I set image name and alt attribute , I ended up with blank alt text and an image name that did not include the name I gave it , so I give them a fail here .
Google Analytics
It looks like I can't get access to analytics without upgrading .
Canonical Tags
Wix used to have a problem where all pages canonicaled to the homepage .
In fact , this made Wix drop out of the Google index last year .
It looks like their solution was simply to remove the canonical and now there is no way to set a canonical in Wix .
Be sure to check out and vote for the feature request .
Redirects
It looks like you can setup some basic page > page redirects , but what was interesting was a crawl of my brand new website showed some of the pages were already redirecting !
I also saw some documentation that you needed a subscription , but that might just unlock some more features .
Duplication
Another problem uncovered with the crawl was lots of duplicated pages related to tag and archive pages .
H-tags
My crawl showed issues with multiple h1 tags , missing h1s , wrong h1s .
These can be edited individually but the styling on mine seems to have tags h2 - h6 as larger than h1 .
Noindex
There is a selection to hide page from search results which adds a noindex tag .
JavaScript
No surprise here , when JavaScript was disabled the page was simply blank .
A Wix website will not load without JS .
Mobile - friendly
Yes .
Ads
Yes , you get what you pay for and there are ads on the free version .
SEO Wizard
Wix had a tool to check your SEO .
It 's incredibly basic and covers title , description , page content ( to make sure the keyword is there ) , image name , text quantity , unique titles , unique descriptions .
Not impressed .
HTTPS and HTTP /2
Wix does not support HTTPS and therefore would not have support for HTTP / 2 either .
AMP
Nope , no AMP support .
Sitemap
Yep , instructions here .
Adding scripts
If you want to extend support to other tools like GTM , Optimizely , or Hotjar , you may run into issues .
You can't add the scripts in the header , however it looks like you can in the body with an html code element .
Robots.txt
You have no control .
Other meta tags
Here ,
Wix has very limited support .
They 're only available in Editor and not ADI .
Website Speed
Not bad .
Google PageSpeed Insights had a 57/100 on Mobile and 78/100 on Desktop .
Webpagetest.org showed 2.613s Load Time , 0.188s TTFB , Fully Loaded 7.483s and lots of JS files being loaded .
Hreflang
If you plan to do internationalization I 'd stay away .
Wix does n't support hreflang , which is interesting because the page that announced the SEO Hero contest had hreflang tags .
Things
Wix has said about SEO that are Wrong !
Meta descriptions are important to ranking
In 5 Easy SEO Tips to Boost Your Site in Under an Hour posted earlier this year , Wix made a claim that the meta description is important for website ranking .
This is completely untrue and meta descriptions are not a factor at all .
Matt Cutts of Google said this back in 2009 .
Here 's what Wix said :
While the description is not visible , it too is very important for search engines !
In fact , the title and description are among the first things Google uses to determine your site 's rank
Social Media boosts SEO
Wix must be spending too much time on Black Hat World .
They think that social media boosts SEO , mentioned in 5 Easy SEO Tips to Boost Your Site in Under an Hour .
For those keeping score , that 's 2 out of 5 wrong .
Googlers end up addressing this one every few months , and have since at least 2014 and every time the answer is no , yet Wix somehow believes the answer is yes .
Did you know that your Facebook page has an impact on how you rank on Google ?
In fact , being present ( and active ) on any social media site , from Twitter and Instagram to Facebook and ( of course ) Google + is an essential part of boosting your SEO .
When you create your website , make sure to include prominent icons for each of your social networks , linking directly to your profile on each site .
You also want to make it easy for your visitors to share the content on your site .
As users share your content , traffic to your website will increase and , would n't you know it , Google will take notice !
Sites that generate a lot of social activity will come up more frequently in searches .
Also see 12 SEO Boosts for your Wix Website and SEO For Beginners : How To Nail Your New Website 's Search Engine Status .
They really like to push social media .
Another easy way to link external sites to your website and increase your SEO ranking is to keep up with social media pages for your business .
Social media sites are some of the first pages to pop up when someone Google 's your business name , so linking them to your website is of top priority .
In fact , a website may rank higher when it 's associated with an active account on a social network .
So open up a profile , link to it on your website , connect with your customers and post [ relevant content ] as often as possible .
They still recommend Exact Match Domain Names
In Wix 's guide to choosing the right domain name they recommend choosing an exact match domain , in fact they claim you will rank higher in the search results .
As far back as 2012 Google ran an algorithm that 's specific purpose was to nerf the effectiveness of exact match domains .
More recently , Google Webmaster Trends Analyst Gary Illyes has been looking for examples of spammy EMDs in what is likely an effort to take another crack at them .
A final tip for choosing the right domain name :
You will rank higher in searches when you choose an Exact Match Domain or a Partial Match Domain .
Duplicate Content will get you Penalized
I 've even written about this before on Search Engine Land , The myth of the duplicate content penalty .
That has n't stopped Wix from proclaiming you can be penalized for duplicate content in this article .
Even if they believed this , I wrote previously about an email I got about the " custom " content from the Wix ADI that was in fact duplicated across 200 + websites , so why do this if they know it 's bad ?
Be aware that if the same content is being used in other websites , search engines will recognize this as duplicate content .
As a result , your site may be penalized for duplicate content .
It 's important to update your site content frequently
Okay folks , there is a patent around content freshness , but there 's also one around older content .
Read them , in particular Query Deserves Freshness has been misconstrued to where people think you should update your website every day .
In fact , some queries like news prefer fresh content , others like say historical events might prefer older content .
You do n't have to try and game and repost blogs or update a few words here or there or make a certain number of edits to your content over time .
Wix seems to think think you should update your website often and recommends doing it .
It is also important to update your site content frequently .
One easy way to do this , is by having a blog on your site and creating new blog posts on a regular basis .
Content Length
Pick a number , any number .
Higher sounds better of course and people attribute length to quality when it comes to content .
Wix recommends 250-400 words but those are just made up numbers with no basis in facts .
It all depends on the question you are trying to answer .
If someone wants to know how old Barrack Obama , that query can be answered with ONE number , 55 .
Seriously folks , length does not equal quality .
If you want to see what makes quality content , go read my post on SEL What is quality content ?
It is recommended that each of your site pages contain at least about 250-400 words .
Optimizing Anchor Text
While not technically incorrect , there are no warnings in the article Optimizing Anchor Text about over - optimization of anchor text .
Instead ,
Wix blindly recommends you use keywords in your links .
This is a dangerous mentality and I 'd argue most of your links should be branded over keyword rich .
Create your own logo ?
What the hell is Wix smoking that they think having your own logo has anything to do with SEO ?
Apparently it 's " great for your SEO settings " .
I do n't even know what that means , but go see # 2 here : http://www.wix.com/blog/2014/09/12-seo-boosts-for-your-wix-website/
Wix has the best SEO
This is their claim in the contest but also in their latest blog post 10 Reasons Why Wix SEO Is The Best .
Sorry Wix , you should read through my notes on Wix SEO .
I 'll just go ahead and say they expanded this into the second fact about Wix having " mastered the art of getting your site to show up at the top of search results by providing everything you need to get found online – the platform , tools and analytics " .
Fact number 1 : Wix has the best SEO .
Meta Keywords ?
While I 'm not completely sure on this , Wix seems to imply that you should be using the meta keywords tag for better SEO .
It 's part of their platform and listed under their " SEO meta tags " .
You do n't need any prior experience to give your site professional SEO
Their SEO Wizard does it all for you according to # 8 10 Reasons Why Wix SEO Is The Best .
LOL
Multi-Lingual SEO
Okay , this one is n't really about anything they said , but they have a whole page dedicated to internationalization while they do n't support hreflang tagging , which is the only way to properly specify alternate language versions of a website to Google .
I noted this in my review of Wix's SEO .
They just nofollow your links
Yep , if you 're a free user then your external links are probably nofollowed by default in Wix .
Read more here .
Pretty sure
Wix just recommended to keyword stuff
You tell me , the below is from SEO For Beginners : How To Nail Your New Website 's Search Engine Status .
include these keywords as often as possible in your text , headings and as alt text for your images
Using blogs for Links
I think not Wix !
The Secrets Behind Using SEO to Market your Business .
Look for bloggers in your niche who can mention your business and toss you a link in their posts .
Wix seems to think Schema tagging effects SEO ?
In Myth Busting : 9 Interesting Facts About Wix SEO , Wix's # 2 is about schema as if it has some effect on rankings , but it does n't .
You 'll be pleased to hear that we add schema.org tags to describe and categorize the products in your online store .
Some of the categories include , but are not limited to : price , availability , product name , etc. so you 're in safe hands .
Google has an " SEO Score " ?
Google does n't , but that does n't stop Wix from claiming this in Myth Busting : 9 Interesting Facts About Wix SEO
Google recently announced that they 're giving a higher SEO score to sites that are mobile optimized .
Links only help if they 're from related sites
I do n't know about the rest of you , but most major publications and news websites are n't really related to what I do but I 'd take a link from them any day .
Wix seems to have other thoughts and think that links from sites not related to you will harm you .
They also use an example that a link from a dentist to an interior designer from a dentist wo n't help .
It would though and maybe the dentist is linking to you because you redesigned their office .
Check it out at http://www.wix.com/blog/2017/01/what-is-backlinking-and-why-is-it-important-for-seo/
If you want those links to boost your SEO ( and not harm you ! ) they MUST be from sites related to what you do .
if you 're an interior designer , it wo n't help your ranking to get a link from a website about dentistry .
You have to stick within your industry
Links from Wikipedia will help your SEO
Sorry to disappoint you Wix , but all Wikipedia links have the nofollow attribute .
This literally means that the votes , as Wix puts it , do not count for your website .
This attribute prevents the passing of PageRank to another website , making your friends blog in this case more likely to influence your rankings than that Wikipedia link .
See http://www.wix.com/blog/2017/01/what-is-backlinking-and-why-is-it-important-for-seo/.
Google , Bing and others give far greater weight to links coming from websites that are reliable and popular .
A link from Wikipedia or The New York Times , for example , will do far more for your site 's credibility than a link from your best friend 's blog .
Keyword Rich Anchor Text
Wix used this as one of their SEO Hero tips as well , but by itself and for someone new the tip is dangerous .
They say that you should add keywords in your anchor text .
This should come with a caveat that an achor text profile that is too keyword rich could have a negative impact on your rankings .
See http://www.wix.com/blog/2017/01/what-is-backlinking-and-why-is-it-important-for-seo/.
If possible , you want any anchor text that links to your site to include your target keywords .
This way , Google understands that there is a relationship between those words and your website .
It 's better to have anchor text placed on a phrase like " best Thai restaurant " or " how to build a website " than on words like " read here " or " check out this blog . "
Links from .gov , .edu , or .org wesbites are more trusted
Wix indicates that getting links from these domains will be better than links from other domains because they 're more trusted .
This simply is n't true and comparing apples to apples , these domains vs another are not weighted any differently or treated any differently for SEO by Google .
They 've said this over and over again , yet this SEO myth still manages to persist .
See their comments at http://www.wix.com/blog/2017/01/what-is-backlinking-and-why-is-it-important-for-seo/.
If you can get a link from a university or government website , that 's a big plus .
Search engines tend to trust and respect sites that end in .gov , .edu or .org ( used for nonprofits ) .
Fresh links help your SEO
What is this ?
This simply is n't true .
It does n't matter when you got the links and Google wo n't magically move your website down if you do n't have any recent links .
See their comments at http://www.wix.com/blog/2017/01/what-is-backlinking-and-why-is-it-important-for-seo/.
You also want to keep your links fresh .
Google stays on top of things so it 's important to add new links every few months to let search engines know your site still matters .
Natural links have the most impact on your SEO
Whether someone gave it naturally or you asked for it , if it 's from the same website then it makes no difference .
Wix seems to believe if you did n't ask for it that it 's magically stronger and makes for better SEO .
They also seem to think promoting on social is n't promotion .
The advice is the same old same old , create great content to get natural links .
If only it worked so well as it did in this SEO dream world .
See http://www.wix.com/blog/2017/01/what-is-backlinking-and-why-is-it-important-for-seo/
Natural links have the strongest impact on boosting your site .
Wix recommends guest posting for your SEO
Google says do n't do it , Wix says do it .
Matt Cutts even said Guest blogging is dead .
I 'd say there 's a lot of room for discussion here and it's not so cut and dry .
If you 're doing it specifically for links though as Wix suggests , it likely is that cut and dry just not in your favor .
See http://www.wix.com/blog/2017/01/what-is-backlinking-and-why-is-it-important-for-seo/.
Email the webmaster of the target website and offer to write a guest blog on their site .
Make it clear that you are familiar with their site !
Keep the email brief , but be sure to explain your area of expertise , share a sample of your writing and pitch a few topics that will be relevant to their readers .
If the idea is interesting enough , the webmaster will probably be happy to have you write a guest blog .
Then , be sure they agree to include a link in the post back to your own website .
Wix says give people stuff for links
That 's called bribery and it 's basically the same as paying for links .
Yeah , Google says not to do that as well .
In fact they specify that you should nofollow the links .
See http://www.wix.com/blog/2017/01/what-is-backlinking-and-why-is-it-important-for-seo/.
Another option is to invite bloggers to review your product or services .
Offer a free class at your yoga studio , a pint of your hand - churned ice cream or a cut and blow dry at your salon .
In exchange , they should agree to write an online review of your business that includes a link to your site .
Another great way to entice a blogger to write about you is to offer their readers a coupon to use for your products or services .
The devastating Israeli firepower , unleashed largely on Palestinian civilians in Gaza during two weeks of fighting , is the product of advanced US military technology .
The US weapons systems used by the Israelis  including F - 16 fighter planes , Apache helicopters , tactical missiles and a wide array of munitions  have been provided by Washington mostly as outright military grants .
The administration of President George W. Bush alone has provided over 21 billion dollars in US security assistance over the last eight years , including 19 billion dollars in direct military aid as freebies .
" Israel ’s intervention in the Gaza Strip has been fueled largely by US supplied weapons paid for with US tax dollars , " says a background briefing released Thursday by the Arms and Security Initiative of the New York - based New America Foundation .
" The Bush administration has been unwilling to use its considerable influence  as Israel ’s major military and political backer  to dissuade the government in Tel Aviv from its pattern of claiming self - defense while perpetrating collective punishment , human rights violations and undertaking massively disproportionate attacks that harm and kill civilians , " Frida Berrigan , senior program associate at the New America Foundation , told IPS .
Besides military aid , the United States has contracted more than 22 billion dollars in arms sales to Israel in 2008 alone , including a proposed deal for 75 F - 35 Joint Strike Fighters , nine C - 130J - 30 military transport aircraft and four combat ships .
" So , when Israeli forces engage in combat in Gaza or the West Bank , they are more often than not using US - designed systems that were either made in the United States or produced under license in Israel , " says the New America Foundation .
The two - week military onslaught has resulted in the deaths of over 700 Palestinians , including more than 300 civilians , mostly victims of US weaponry .
In comparison , the Israeli death toll is about seven soldiers and four civilians , primarily due to " friendly fire " , or victims of rocket attacks by Hamas .
Mouin Rabbani , contributing editor at the Washington - based Middle East Report , says the intimacy of the US - Israeli military relationship , and the frequency with which Israel launches wars , means that the Israeli military also performs the function of testing newly - developed weapons systems in actual warfare , which is of value to both Israel and the United States .
" Twice over , in fact , because less effective versions of these same weapons systems are subsequently sold at hugely inflated prices to Arab states , which effectively subsidizes the US weapons industry and US military grants to Israel , " he told IPS .
Tracing historical links , Rabbani said Israel replaced South Vietnam as the primary recipient of US foreign military aid in the 1970s and has maintained that status ever since .
With consistently fewer exceptions over the years , he pointed out , Israel has the run of the US arsenal , particularly with regard to obtaining new and advanced weapons that are not sold ( or , as in the present case , given ) to non-NATO ( North Atlantic Treaty Organization ) allies .
He said that Israel is also permitted to participate in various US weapons development programs , meaning that in addition to weapons deliveries it benefits enormously from the transfer of military technologies .
" Israel also has access to various US intelligence programs and data , and the list goes on for quite some length , " Rabbani added .
Last week , US Congressman Dennis Kucinich ( Democrat of Ohio ) wrote a letter to Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice pointing out that Israel ’s use of US weapons in Gaza may constitute a violation of the requirements of the Arms Export Control Act ( AECA ) of 1976 .
The AECA outlines the conditions under which countries may use US weapons systems , primarily for " internal security " or " legitimate self defense " .
The letter says that Israeli forces have used US - supplied F - 16 fighter planes and Apache helicopters " to precede and to support ongoing ground actions such as the one in which 40 Palestinians were killed while taking shelter in a UN facility . "
" Israel is not exempt from international law and must be held accountable , " he added .
Berrigan said that with the onslaught about to enter its third week , hundreds of Gazans killed and wounded , 10 Israelis killed and more wounded , Hamas continuing to launch rocket attacks and a grave danger that the conflict will widen to include Lebanon , President - elect Barack Obama " will step into a bed of molten hot quicksand on Jan. 20 . "
" It will be difficult for the new administration to turn the tide of US - Israeli relations and challenge Israeli exceptionalism , but it is urgently necessary , " she added .
Rabbani pointed out that given the level of US military assistance to Israel , the deployment of these weapons in the current onslaught against the Gaza Strip , and US political support for Israel during this crisis , Palestinians could be forgiven for insisting the US shares direct responsibility .
" While I would by no means dismiss the issue of US military transfers to Israel in their various forms and dimensions , the key issue is nevertheless the impunity with which these are used , " he added .
It is this impunity , rather than the weapons transfers in and of themselves , that accounts for Israel ’s ability to sow widespread death and destruction throughout the Gaza Strip at will .
Asked if there would a change in policy under an Obama administration , Rabbani said : " I do n’t see any indication that things are set to change once Obama takes office " .
He has attempted to wrap his silence in a cloak of decorum and statesmanship , " claiming he was left with no choice because he is not yet president , then  in view of his constant pronouncements since Nov. 4 regarding the financial meltdown  rather too cleverly in my view elaborated that this only applies to foreign policy . "
" So we are supposed to believe that if instead 600 Israelis had been killed by Palestinian suicide bombers in the space of 10 days , or Russia had decided to suddenly advance on Tbilisi , you could still hear a pin drop in Washington ?
Unlikely . "
Catholics who claim they have seen the Virgin Mary will be forced to remain silent about the apparitions until a team of psychologists , theologians , priests and exorcists have fully investigated their claims under new Vatican guidelines aimed at stamping out false claims of miracles .
The Pope has instructed the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , formerly the Holy Office of the Inquisition , to draw up a new handbook to help bishops snuff out an explosion of bogus heavenly apparitions .
Benedict XVI plans to update the Vatican 's current rules on investigating apparitions to help distinguish between true and false claims of visions of Jesus and the Virgin Mary , messages , stigmata ( the appearances of the five wounds of Christ ) , weeping and bleeding statues and Eucharistic miracles .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Monsignor Luis Francisco Ladaria Ferrer , a respected Spanish Jesuit archbishop , has been placed in charge of drawing up the handbook , known as a " vademecum " , which will update the current rules set in 1978 .
According to Petrus , an Italian online magazine which leans towards conservative elements in the Vatican , anyone who claims to have seen an apparition will only be believed as long as they remain silent and do not court publicity over their claims .
If they refuse to obey , this will be taken as a sign that their claims are false .
The visionaries will then be visited by a team of psychiatrists , either atheists or Catholics , to certify their mental health while theologians will assess the content of any heavenly messages to see if they contravene Church teachings .
If the visionary is considered credible they will ultimately be questioned by one or more demonologists and exorcists to exclude the possibility that Satan is hiding behind the apparitions in order to deceive the faithful .
Guidelines for the approval of apparitions and revelations were last issued in 1978 .
They lay down that a diocesan bishop can " either on his own initiative or at the request of the faithful " choose to investigate an alleged apparition .
He then submits a report to the Vatican for approval .
Here 's an expensive fender bender .
It seems a train carrying oil rear - ended a train carrying 106 Porsches in the sleepy town of Dillenburg , Germany .
The result — 18 cars totaled with damages estimated around at least € 1 million , or about $ 1.28 million in US Federal Reserve issued fiat money .
If your name was on one of these Porsches , we 're sorry , but insurance will cover it and the image of a Porsche chilling on the tracks like the Delorean in Back to the Future II cracks us up .
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
[ Topspeed ]
When historians come to judge the least edifying patronage scandal of recent years , it will not be cash for honours , which anyone with half a brain realised has been happening since time immemorial .
No , they will surely settle on financial collapse for honours , the enchanting outreach programme whereby bankers were given baubles , government jobs and taskforces to chair , on the basis that extremely rich men must be right ( I paraphrase slightly ) .
I am as shocked as the next person that extremely rich men have turned out to be wrong , and this week watched the Treasury select committee grill those four senior bankers : see - no - evil , hear - no - evil , speak - no - evil , and please - no - call - me - evil .
Which did you think was the ghastliest ?
I thought ex-HBOS man Andy Hornby , because he was the youngest - looking one , while the others already resembled fully fossilised city gents .
It 's a bit like why Davros was the most disturbing Dr Who villain .
You could still glimpse the humanity .
And indeed , even looking at the desk place - names in that committee room there was a poignant sense of promise cut off at the knees , when comparing plain old Andy 's card with those of his co-defendants - " Lord Stevenson " , " Sir Tom McKillop " , " Sir Fred Goodwin " .
Poor Andy has yet to get his title , and one suspects it will not be the inevitability it once was in his line of work .
But what a feeder club the City has been , with Labour having given 23 bankers honours since 1997 .
Four of them scored life peerages , and seven were knighted .
Three were made government ministers , two appointed to senior posts within Downing Street , 10 have been placed on eminent councils , seven on agencies and quangos , while just the 37 have been drafted in to head up taskforces , or sit on commissions and advisory bodies .
How errant were these knights - and how erroneous .
Indeed , as we survey the wreckage of the banking system , the worry is rather less that they were given titles than that they were given responsibility in so many areas of government policy .
These were not sinecures .
Goodwin headed up taskforces examining both the New Deal and credit unions .
Yesterday I unearthed his 2006 appearance before the Treasury committee , which praised him for opening basic bank accounts .
" There seems to be coming through quite a strong strand of public accountability and social conscience rather than profit , " they fawned .
Sir Fred 's reply ?
" I think they work hand in hand ... "
It would be funny if it were n't so bleeding tragic .
Fred 's social conscience appears to have been a demented expansionist dream that brought about the biggest losses in UK corporate history .
It does rather make one wonder if his work on the New Deal and credit unions should be rehoused in a government file marked Do The Opposite Of This .
Then of course there was former HBOS chief Sir James Crosby , who had done so much to drive mortgage insanity that he was naturally charged with reviewing the ailing mortgage market .
He also headed the ID cards taskforce .
And let 's not forget Sir Derek Wanless , assigned the even littler matter of mapping the future of the NHS .
Among his conclusions were a recommendation to tax junk food ( amazing how non-laissez faire these bankers are when it comes to people other than themselves ) , and lots of lectures about the public needing to " take responsibility " for themselves .
We all have our limits , and I think being invited to consider the risks of a second portion of chips by a bloke who sat mutely on the Northern Rock audit and risk committee is probably mine .
Alas , there is n't the space to continue this roll call of banker - public intellectual hybrids .
But we must just salute investment banker turned government adviser David Freud , who authored the white paper on welfare reform , and came up with the ur- justification for all bankers seeking to persuade people of their eminent suitability for these complex public roles .
" I did n't know anything about welfare at all when I started , " he breezed to reporters , " but that may have been an advantage ...
In a funny way the solution was obvious . "
Unpicking the vast and meaningful influence this lot have had over every aspect of government policy in recent years would be a Piranesian nightmare .
But you 'd hope we 've been shocked into caution , and that getting bankers to formulate social policy will one day seem as bizarre and unthinkably embarrassing a custom of bygone times as The Black and White Minstrel Show .
Then again , do n't hold out too much hope .
When Gordon Brown took over as PM , his now somewhat compromised reputation for caution was mocked by one Westminster wag who said : " When a bomb goes off , you can't call Derek Wanless to set up an 18 - month review . "
Ca n't you ?
The banking system 's implosion would seem to be a matter of similar emergency , and this week we learned that Brown has only gone and called a banker , Sir David Walker , to chair a review into the way bank boards operate .
If and when Sir David comes to choose his seat , let us hope he opts for Lord Walker of Cloud Cuckoo Land .
marina.hyde@theguardian.com
By Dan Whitworth
Newsbeat technology reporter
YouTube pulled in almost 24 million unique users
New figures show that December was a record month for viewing videos online .
Online clips were watched more than four billion times by over 30 million people according to internet monitor comScore .
YouTube was the big winner though , pulling in almost 24 million unique users , meaning it reached 77 % of everyone who watched videos online .
Coming in a distant second to YouTube were various BBC websites which got almost 7 million unique users .
This was followed by Microsoft and then eBay .
Overall the figures are up 13 % from December 2007 .
When it comes to the actual number of videos viewed YouTube was even more dominant .
Videos on its site were watched more than 2 billion times , easily over half of all the videos viewed online .
Again the BBC came a very distant second with almost 60 million views , followed by Microsoft and Megavideo.com .
A new study by researchers from the Medical College of Georgia and the Shanghai Institute of Brain Functional Genomics shows that an enzyme called alpha calcium / calmodulin - dependent protein kinase II ( αCaMKII ) [ this is a type of CaM Kinase ] is essential for the formation and retrieval of memories .
By briefly altering levels of αCaMKII activity at different stages of the memory process , they were able to prevent the transfer of new memories from short - term to long - term storage and to selectively erase specific memories as they were being recalled .
CaMKII is found only in the brain , and constitutes more than 1 percent of the proteins in that organ .
The enzyme appears to be a key mediator of long - term potentiation ( LTP ) , the process by which connections between neurons are strengthened , and which is thought to be the cellular basis for learning and memory .
It is attached to the NMDA receptor , which is known to be involved in synaptic plasticity , and is activated by calcium currents entering through it .
Upon activation , CaMKII dissociates itself from the receptor , and goes on to regulate the activity of dozens of proteins in multiple signaling pathways .
The end result is that a single enzyme modulates a wide variety of crucial cellular activities .
Erasing Fear
To better understand the function of αCaMKII , neuroscientist Joe Tsien at the Medical College of Georgia and his colleagues generated a strain of transgenic mice expressing increased levels of αCaMKII in the forebrain .
But the mice were n’t expressing a standard version of the enzyme : the scientists had engineered the molecule so that it could be selectively turned off via an inhibitor molecule for 40 minutes at a time .
The researchers trained this strain of mice ( along with a control group ) in three different memory tasks .
When the recall tests were performed an hour later , the mice with increased αCaMKII levels were found to be severely impaired on all three tasks .
When they were treated with the αCaMKII inhibitor 15 minutes before the recall tests , however , their performance was comparable to that of the controls , suggesting that the earlier poor performance was due to deficits in recall and not memory acquisition or storage .
In yet another set of experiments , the recall tests were carried out one month after training .
Those transgenics treated with the αCaMKII inhibitor 15 minutes before recall performed normally .
However , when the inhibitor was administered two days before training and then continuously for 28 days , so that it was removed two days before the mice were asked to recall the memory , the transgenic mice again exhibited severe memory deficits .
The mice were then made to perform two recall tests one month after training , with aCaMKII activity inhibited only during the second .
If the memory impairments were due to recall deficits , the mice would successfully retrieve the memories in the second trial .
If , on the other hand , they were due to erasure of the memories , then recall should fail in both trials .
Sure enough , the transgenics treated with the αCaMKII inhibitor during the second trial still performed very badly in both trials , suggesting that the memories are in fact erased at the time of recall .
Finally , a series of sequential retrieval tasks showed that the memory erasure was highly selective .
Mice were again trained in two of three previous memory tasks , which involved fear conditioning .
They were placed in a compartmentalized chamber and given several mild electric shocks ; after a few trials , they learned to associate the shock with the compartment in which it had been given and with a loud sound that had been presented along with the shocks .
One month later , when placed back in the same part of the box , the control mice exhibited fear behavior — they quickly froze when returned to the chamber — but the transgenics did not .
Later , outside the chamber , the animals were presented with the sound they had previously learned to associate with an electric shock .
This time , those transgenics treated with the αCaMKII inhibitor 15 minutes before the recall test behaved just like the controls — they froze when they heard the sound .
This finding suggests that , while their fear memory of the box had been erased , they were still able to recall the connection between the electrical shock and the sound .
The memory erasure was also found to occur very rapidly .
In all the recall tests , the untreated transgenics initially performed well during the first minute of testing , but the memory of the association quickly decayed , so that performance grew progressively worse after minutes .
A Cure for PTSD ?
This study shows that αCaMKII is crucial for short - term and long - term memory , and that both types of memory share the same molecular mechanisms .
The contextual and cued fear memories examined in the study are thought to be encoded by overlapping neuronal circuits , so it seems that the selective memory erasure occurs at specific subsets of synapses within those circuits , because the researchers were able to erase one of these memories while sparing the other .
Theoretically , αCaMKII inhibitors would be useful as treatments for conditions such as post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) , in which people are unable to forget traumatic memories .
( The movie Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind , for instance , imagined a scenario in which people were able to selectively erase memories . )
In practice , though , there are enormous difficulties in developing such compounds for use in humans , and any such treatments would case raise serious ethical questions .
Nevertheless , this paper marks an important advancement in understanding how chemical pathways in the brain are able to encode and recall events and experiences .
Are you a scientist ?
Have you recently read a peer - reviewed paper that you want to write about ?
Then contact Mind Matters editor Jonah Lehrer , the science writer behind the blog The Frontal Cortex and the book Proust Was a Neuroscientist .
( UPDATE :
It looks like these artists are copying the work of Donald Roller Wilson ! )
Someone from China is selling a large number of original oil paintings of monkeys and dogs like the one shown here on eBay .
The " Buy It Now " prices range from around $ 20 up to $ 100 .
Take a look at this one .
It 's 24 - inches by 36 - inches and costs $ 100 .
It must 've taken many days to paint !
Here are a few of my favorites : flying pickle , nostril smoker , giant pickle .
( Via PCL Linkdump )
BOSTON ( Reuters ) -
After losing his entire life ’s savings to disgraced fund manager Bernard Madoff , 90 - year - old Ian Thiermann abandoned retirement and now works the aisles of a grocery store to make ends meet .
Disgraced financier Bernard Madoff is escorted by police and photographed by the media as he departs U.S. Federal Court after a hearing in New York , January 5 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
Handing out fliers hawking avocados and pork ribs at a supermarket in Ben Lomond , California , Thiermann is one of many facing dramatic lifestyle changes after losing their savings in Madoff ’s suspected $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme .
Thiermann was n’t even aware he had invested with Madoff until December 15 , when a friend who managed his investments called him on the telephone .
“ He said , ‘ I ’ve lost everything and you have lost everything . ’” For Thiermann , that meant $ 750,000 .
Days after the release of a list of thousands of Madoff customers -- from Hall of Fame baseball pitcher Sandy Koufax to actor John Malkovich -- a picture is emerging of a scandal that has reverberated far beyond America ’s still - wealthy to those who have lost nearly everything .
And swept up in the pain are many who should be savoring the twilight of their lives in peaceful retirement rather than scrambling for a living .
Thiermann , owner of a pest - control company in Los Angeles before retiring 25 years ago , enjoyed returns of 10 to 12 percent each year on his savings for about 15 years regardless of whether markets rose or fell .
He lived on those returns , devoting much time to nonprofit work .
“ We do n’t have any cash reserves now .
And we still owe money on our houses , ” he said in a telephone interview .
He learned of his losses while shopping in a local grocery store with his wife , Terry .
“ The store manager who we know very well said , ‘ What ’s wrong ? ’
We said , ‘ Have you heard about this Madoff ? ’
And he said , ‘ Oh my god ! ” Thiermann explained .
“ I now work there as a beginner and I deeply appreciate it . ”
About 2,490 miles to the east in West Chester , Pennsylvania , Maureen Ebel has also surrendered a comfortable retirement , and works as a cleaner after losing her family savings of $ 7.3 million to Madoff .
On December 17 , six days after learning of her losses , the 60 - year - old widow found work cleaning the home of a friend and caring for a 93 - year - old woman .
Ebel ’s husband , a doctor , died in 2000 at age 53 .
The former nurse is also selling her luxury Lexus SUV and a winter home in Florida .
“ I HELD ONTO MY DOG AND I CRIED ”
“ On the first day I went to work , after pushing that vacuum cleaner around , I came home and said to myself ‘ this is what my life has come to , ’ and I held onto my dog and I cried , ” Ebel said in a telephone interview .
In Pompano Beach , Florida , 73 - year - old Irwin Salbe also expects to return to work after losing about 75 percent of his investment portfolio to Madoff , who according to court documents confessed to his sons on December 10 that the firm ’s investment - advisory business was “ basically a giant Ponzi scheme . ”
Such schemes use money from new investors to pay distributions and redemptions to existing investors .
Salbe said his family investments with Madoff date back to the 1960s , although he declined to say exactly how much .
“ We were pretty heavily in it with my children and my grandchildren .
They all had accounts with mine .
We ’re all in it and it ’s substantial , ” he said .
“ Now we ’re downsizing .
I had two cars .
We ’ve gotten rid of one .
I ’ve canceled some trips .
I ’ve reduced my expenses with every opportunity .
We do n’t eat out like we did .
If we go out , we got to a neighborhood place like for a pizza , ” he said .
“ I used to get my income from there .
Now , there ’s no more expensive dinners .
I do n’t hug my kids anymore like I used to , ” he said .
“ The image of Madoff ’s main clientele is of rich people .
That ’s not true .
A lot of people have been devastated like me , ” said Salbe , who had met Madoff several times .
Salbe , a general manager for a newspaper and magazine distribution company in New York before retiring in 1991 , inherited the Madoff investments when his father died in 1984 .
Over the years , he poured in his own money and eventually parked his entire retirement savings with Madoff .
“ I ’m going to definitely have to go back to a part - time job , ” he said .
EVAPORATED SAVINGS
In Wisconsin , Abby Frucht ponders the fate of her parents , whose $ 1 million in life ’s savings seemingly evaporated with the collapse of Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC , Madoff ’s investment - advisory business .
Her parents lived off the money in a retirement home in Sante Fe , New Mexico .
“ My dad is 85 and my mom is 79 .
We do n’t know how long they can stay there .
We ’re working that out now , ” she said .
Her father suffers from Alzheimer ’s disease and may not fully comprehend what ’s happening , she said in a telephone interview .
“ They are very elderly and ca n’t possibly go back to work .
They are very comfortable and happy where they are . ”
Her parents have enough savings to stay in New Mexico another two months .
After that , they may have no choice but to move in with her in Wisconsin .
“ My sisters and I have power of attorney over them so we have been putting our heads together to try and find a way to keep our parents comfortable . ”
Some want industry regulators or the government to pay .
After losing money to Madoff , Lawrence Velvel , dean of the Massachusetts School of Law , said both the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority could be held liable for investors ’ losses .
“ The brokerage industry is responsible for this because these are the people that caused all of this , ” he said .
( Reporting by Jason Szep ; editing by Richard Chang )
( jason.szep@thomsonreuters.com ; +1 617 856 4343 ; Reuters Messaging : jason.szep.reuters.com@reuters.net )
By James Morgan
Science reporter , BBC News
Plankton blooms act as a sponge sucking carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere
Plans to curb climate change by using plankton to draw carbon dioxide into the world 's oceans have been boosted .
A spectacular natural algal bloom in the Southern Ocean helped to " lock " carbon away into deep sea sediments , according to a study in Nature journal .
But the amount of carbon stored was not nearly as high as some artificial " geo-engineering " schemes had predicted .
Plans to " seed " plankton blooms by adding iron to oceans are strongly opposed by many green groups .
This is a significant result - it suggests that ocean iron fertilisation might work for reducing atmospheric CO2
Prof Peter Burkill ,
SAHFOS
The international research team behind the Crozex study say their findings have " significant implications " for plans to mitigate climate change .
They come as scientists resume a controversial ocean fertilisation experiment in the Scotia Sea , east of Argentina .
The Lohafex study had been suspended by the German government after environmental groups protested that it violates the terms of the UN Convention on Biological Diversity .
They fear that adding iron to oceans may damage ecosystems .
Ocean commotion Using algae as a " biological carbon pump " has been touted as one of the more promising " geo-engineering " schemes for mitigating global warming .
Plankton act as a natural sponge for carbon dioxide - drawing the greenhouse gas down out of the atmosphere and into the sea .
When plankton die , they sink to the bottom of the ocean , locking away some of the carbon they have absorbed .
Experiments suggest that " seeding " oceans with iron can stimulate the growth of plankton - particularly waters which are rich in nutrients .
Researchers set up sediment traps to collect samples of sinking material
But exactly how much carbon sinks to the sea floor , and how long it remains locked away , is still unknown .
In the Crozex experiment , an international research team sailed to the Crozet Islands , in the Southern Ocean , about 2,200 km ( 1,400 miles ) southeast of South Africa .
These waters experience a spectacular annual plankton bloom the size of Ireland , 120,000 sq km ( 46,300 sq miles ) fertilised by iron naturally supplied from the islands ' volcanic rocks .
The researchers used sediment traps to follow the passage of carbon from the sea surface to the ocean floor .
They found that seawater and sediment samples taken directly beneath the bloom were two - to - three times richer in carbon , compared to samples from a nearby ocean region which was rich in nutrients , but not in iron .
" Our results have significant implications for proposals to mitigate the effects of climate change through purposeful addition of iron to the ocean , " said lead author Professor Raymond Pollard , of the National Oceanography Centre , Southampton .
" Our findings support the hypothesis that increased iron supply ... may have directly enhanced carbon export to the deep ocean .
" [ However ] our estimate of carbon sequestration for a given iron supply still falls 15 - 50 times short of some geo- engineering estimates . "
Next steps " This is a significant result , " said Professor Peter Burkill , director of the Sir Alister Hardy Foundation for Ocean Science , Plymouth ( SAHFOS ) .
" It suggests that ocean iron fertilisation might work for reducing atmospheric CO2 through export of carbon into the ocean 's interior .
" But the next step from natural experiments to artificial ones is crucial .
" We now need to know what the ecological impacts of artificial fertilisation experiments are . "
The SeaSoar was used to measure ocean properties down to 300m
Many scientists doubt whether adding iron artificially will ever seed plankton blooms as successfully as natural iron .
To test the technique , the German government has just re-authorised one of the largest ocean fertilisation experiments to date .
The Lohafex expedition had been suspended , after concerns that it violated the terms of the Convention On Biological Diversity .
But researchers on board the vessel RV Polarstern have now begun seeding six tonnes of iron sulphate over 300 square kilometres of the Scotia Sea , east of Argentina .
" As this paper shows , much larger amounts of iron are being added daily by natural processes around the Crozet Island , " said Professor Andrew Watson , University of East Anglia .
" And that does n't seem to have done the Antarctic ecosystem any harm . "
Crucial experiment " Legitimate experiments like [ Lohafex ] are crucial to learning more about the effects of iron fertilisation , " said Dr Gary Fones , University of Portsmouth , who was part of the Crozex team .
" They will help scientists evaluate the merits of such a scheme . "
However , the environmental impact of Lohafex was questioned by Kristina Gjerde , high seas policy advisor , the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) .
She said : " The fundamental question remains , should this activity be allowed to proceed unregulated ?
" I am not against research in this area ; however , it should follow internationally agreed rules and procedures .
" The Convention on Biological Diversity 's call for a defacto moratorium on ocean fertilisation reflects the will of the international community that this activity should not proceed until certain basic requirements have been satisfied .
" The government ministries that authorised the Lohafex experiment did not comply with the rules for [ environmental ] impact assessments as they currently exist under the London Convention [ on the Prevention of Marine Pollution ] . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What are the epic moments in that have moved the geek community this year ?
Beyond the normal human stories which impact everyone , certain events stuck in our heads as being uniquely geeky .
Here 's what we came up with :
RepRap Self - Duplication
Remember when Jean - Luc first ordered an Earl Grey from a cubby in his quarters and we were like , WOAH DUDE .
Now imagine if he had ordered another replicator from his replicator .
While less science fictiony , the RepRap 3D printer 's revolutionary breakthrough – printing its own " child " RepRap – made a huge splash in the geek community .
Still can't print any kind of tea , though .
The Return of Jim Kirk
KHAAAN !
The last frontier is n't space , it 's William Shatner .
Now , it too has been conquered .
I can't wait to check out the new flick .
Arduino Rerelease
Further cementing its nerd cred , the Arduino Duemilanove represents the latest edition of this rapidly evolving and expanding prototyping platform , so simple that artists and tinkerers can jump in with minimal study .
50th Anniversary of the LEGO Brick
Quite possibly the most successful toy in history , LEGO allows you to build everything from knitting machines to floating castles .
With 2008 marking the 50th anniversary of the orginal patent , LEGO had an opportunity to remind us why their bricks rock .
Spore Launch
Possibly most hyped game launch of the year , Spore 's premise is tantalizingly novel : create your own galactic civilization from the atoms up , develop its culture in a MMO setting , and take over the universe .
Unfortunately , many players found the actual game - play to be uninspiring .
First GeekDad POTUS
He 's on twitter and flickr .
He had a sophisticated position on Net Neutrality before most politicians heard of it .
That 's right , baby – Barack Obama , our first geek president .
We have no comment on rumors that the president - elect is a secret Zune - head .
Launch of the G1
The G1 – the only plausible iPhone competitor to come out of the now - crowded touchscreen market .
Packing Android , an open - source Google - developed operating system which in itself is a potentially earthshaking development .
Of course , open - source operating systems have a very limited track record for penetrating the marketplace , but with such a notable ( not to mention uber - powerful and vaguely Sith - like ) corporate sponsor pushing Android , maybe it has a future .
The Rise of Twitter
In the sea of humdrum social networking sites , one unlikely underdog rose to popularity : the elegantly simple Twitter .
In the space of about a year they went from obscurity to sensation .
They 're so big they scoffed at a buyout from Facebook .
In a potentially life - threatening situation ?
Forget calling , just tweet .
Lost Tool Bag
When spacewalker Heidemarie Stefanyshyn - Piper lost her hundred - grand tool bag to the icy depths of space , she unwittingly unleashed a buzz of excitement among the geeky masses .
Just what hardware was in the bag to make it worth so much ?
And could you really track the bag 's gradual voyage through the Low Earth Orbit junkfields via telescope ?
D&D 4th Edition Debuts
The return of the classic , updated for a new generation of gamers who expect their pen and pencil gameplay to resemble the MMO experience .
While curmudgeonly oldtimers wrung their hands over the changes , many noobs discovered the sense of wonder that brought hordes of polyhedron - clutching teens to the original game .
Netbooks Get Big
Ah , netbooks – wee notebook computers that offer the same experience ( mostly ) as real laptops , with an even tinier profile .
Packing Linux and 7 " LCDs , basically all you can do with this rigs is surf the net ( hence the name ) and email .
Is it a fad that will lapse into a well - deserved obscurity like last year 's Dell ?
Or does the netbook herald the demise of the laptop as we know it ?
Ask me again after Macworld .
Dr. Horrible 's Sing - Along Blog
A 43 - minute geek musical , created by the Joss and his two brothers .
NPH as a mad scientist , Nathan Fillion ... oh , you know .
Written during the recent Hollywood writers ' strike , Dr. Horrible became an internet sensation overnight .
Mars Phoenix
We may not be able to put a human on Mars , but the next best thing is a cute robot .
Phoenix 's accomplishments – including the first discovery of water on another planet – were telegraphed to 40,000 geeks via the most efficient manner possible – by Twitter .
Large Hadron Collider
Who down with LHC ?
Many a brow was furrowed over the Large Hadron Collider , a gigantic and absurdly spendy particle accelerator .
While squares read frantic USAToday news stories about the end of the world , the rest of us pondered the deep questions only Smashie can answer : why does mass exists ?
Does the universe have extra , unused dimensions ?
Why are White Castle sliders so good ?
The App Store Opens
The iPhone was amazing from the get - go .
I bought a unit on Day One at the $ 599 price and have no regrets .
But the App Store , Apple 's online application marketplace , has totally revolutionized the way phones work , snagging news and market share for Cupertino .
This is n't Kool - Aid , applications are a necessity on any platform that hopes to compete – BlackBerry Storm , thy suckage is apparent to all .
Pre-Production starts on the Hobbit
Many geeks preferred the humanity and unpretentiousness of The Hobbit over LotR .
Now the prequel gets the same fabulous treatment that the epic trilogy received a few years back .
The Kindle Revolutionizes eReading
Ebook readers were a joke up until 2008 .
Actually , they 're still a joke except for one : the Kindle .
Packing Linux and an electronic paper screen , by all accounts the Kindle offers readability matching that of a real book .
Actually released in 2007 , it sold out in less than six hours and remained on a pre-order basis until April of this year .
Guess what ?
It has sold out again and even Oprah has jumped on the bandwagon .
Should book - lovers feel nervous that the nation 's number one bookstore has started pushing e-books ?
Relax , baby – you probably felt the same way when those newfangled round wheels came out .
Science Returns to the White House
President - elect Obama's has appointed smart people such as Nobel - laureate Stephen Chu to various cabinet positions .
This came as a welcome relief to a lot of geeks who cringed as year after year , policy was set on the basis of how it benefitted ideologues and party cronies , not on what was best for human beings or the earth .
OK , I 've given you our eighteen .
What did we miss ?
Please leave your thoughts in the comments .
It all depends where you live .
That was the geography of Israel 's propaganda , designed to demonstrate that we softies – we little baby - coddling liberals living in our secure Western homes – do n't realise the horror of 12 ( now 20 ) Israeli deaths in 10 years and thousands of rockets and the unimaginable trauma and stress of living near Gaza .
Forget the 600 Palestinian dead ; travelling on both sides of the Atlantic these past couple of weeks has been an instructive – not to say weirdly repetitive – experience .
Here 's how it goes .
I was in Toronto when I opened the right - wing National Post and found Lorne Gunter trying to explain to readers what it felt like to come under Palestinian rocket attack .
" Suppose you lived in the Toronto suburb of Don Mills , " writes Gunter , " and people from the suburb of Scarborough – about 10 kilometres away – were firing as many as 100 rockets a day into your yard , your kid 's school , the strip mall down the street and your dentist 's office ... "
Getting the message ?
It just so happens , of course , that the people of Scarborough are underprivileged , often new immigrants – many from Afghanistan – while the people of Don Mills are largely middle class with a fair number of Muslims .
Nothing like digging a knife into Canada 's multicultural society to show how Israel is all too justified in smashing back at the Palestinians .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Now a trip down Montreal way and a glance at the French - language newspaper La Presse two days later .
And sure enough , there 's an article signed by 16 pro-Israeli writers , economists and academics who are trying to explain what it feels like to come under Palestinian rocket attack .
" Imagine for a moment that the children of Longueuil live day and night in terror , that businesses , shops , hospitals , schools are the targets of terrorists located in Brossard . "
Longueuil , it should be added , is a community of blacks and Muslim immigrants , Afghans , Iranians .
But who are the " terrorists " in Brossard ?
Two days later and I am in Dublin .
I open The Irish Times to find a letter from the local Israeli ambassador , trying to explain to the people of the Irish Republic what it feels like to come under Palestinian rocket attack .
Know what 's coming ?
Of course you do .
" What would you do , " Zion Evrony asks readers , " if Dublin were subjected to a bombardment of 8,000 rockets and mortars ... "
And so it goes on and on and on .
Needless to say , I 'm waiting for the same writers to ask how we'd feel if we lived in Don Mills or Brossard or Dublin and came under sustained attack from supersonic aircraft and Merkava tanks and thousands of troops whose shells and bombs tore 40 women and children to pieces outside a school , shredded whole families in their beds and who , after nearly a week , had killed almost 200 civilians out of 600 fatalities .
In Ireland , my favourite journalistic justification for this bloodbath came from my old mate Kevin Myers .
" The death toll from Gaza is , of course , shocking , dreadful , unspeakable , " he mourned .
" Though it does not compare with the death toll amongst Israelis if Hamas had its way . "
Get it ?
The massacre in Gaza is justified because Hamas would have done the same if they could , even though they did n't do it because they could n't .
It took Fintan O'Toole , The Irish Times 's resident philosopher - in - chief , to speak the unspeakable .
" When does the mandate of victimhood expire ? " he asked .
" At what point does the Nazi genocide of Europe 's Jews cease to excuse the state of Israel from the demands of international law and of common humanity ? "
I had an interesting time giving the Tip O'Neill peace lecture in Derry when one of the audience asked , as did a member of the Trinity College Dublin Historical Society a day later , whether the Northern Ireland Good Friday peace agreement – or , indeed , any aspect of the recent Irish conflict – contained lessons for the Middle East .
I suggested that local peace agreements did n't travel well and that the idea advanced by John Hume ( my host in Derry ) – that it was all about compromise – did n't work since the Israeli seizure of Arab land in the West Bank had more in common with the 17th - century Irish Catholic dispossession than sectarianism in Belfast .
What I do suspect , however , is that the split and near civil war between Hamas and the Palestinian Authority has a lot in common with the division between the Irish Free State and anti-treaty forces that led to the 1922 - 3 Irish civil war ; that Hamas 's refusal to recognise Israel – and the enemies of Michael Collins who refused to recognise the Anglo - Irish Treaty and the border with Northern Ireland – are tragedies that have a lot in common , Israel now playing the role of Britain , urging the pro-treaty men ( Mahmoud Abbas ) to destroy the anti-treaty men ( Hamas ) .
I ended the week in one of those BBC World Service discussions in which a guy from The Jerusalem Post , a man from al - Jazeera , a British academic and Fisk danced the usual steps around the catastrophe in Gaza .
The moment I mentioned that 600 Palestinian dead for 20 Israeli dead around Gaza in 10 years was grotesque , pro-Israeli listeners condemned me for suggesting ( which I did not ) that only 20 Israelis had been killed in all of Israel in 10 years .
Of course , hundreds of Israelis outside Gaza have died in that time – but so have thousands of Palestinians .
My favourite moment came when I pointed out that journalists should be on the side of those who suffer .
If we were reporting the 18th - century slave trade , I said , we would n't give equal time to the slave ship captain in our dispatches .
If we were reporting the liberation of a Nazi concentration camp , we would n't give equal time to the SS spokesman .
At which point a journalist from the Jewish Telegraph in Prague responded that " the IDF are not Hitler " .
Of course not .
But who said they were ?
Once again I made a selection of package designs but this time I went a little deeper and got a lovely selection of great package design projects , so you can get a lot of views of each project and also find out more each design .
For more stuff you can look up on lovelypackage.com I also found some from behance.net
Furry Utopia
Create a new brand called furry utopia selling conceptual design merchandise by : http://www.undoboy.com/
Cassette Badge Sets
Being a child of the eighties I have fond memories of cassettes and I have created these limited edition badge sets as a reminder of this past format .
There is currently 12 different cassette types by some of the mainstream tape manufacturers that I remember having in my childhood .
Each set consists of 6 , 25 mm button badges which are created as circular crops of the actual cassette artwork .
These are attached to a printed cassette back board and sealed in a classic cassette box with a custom inlay card giving a brief history of the cassette format . by : http://www.effektivedesign.co.uk
Puerto Despertar ( cd packaging )
A folded and stitched poster becomes an envelope that keeps a jewel - box inside .
The title of the cd is " Puerto Despertar " ( Port Awakening ) , hence a bundle of light rays on the front cover . by : http://www.benditagloria.com/
Weatherbey 's Fine Tobacco
by : http://www.arecraft.net
Vitamin Packaging
A Series of Vitamin packages : working on typographic hierarchy and the 3D form . by : http://www.robferrell.com
FYS ( Finish Your Self )
Puzzle your own chair together ( with a little help from mama ) using a large part of the packaging .
The chair is made from corrugated cardboard and is 100 % recyclable . by : http://www.davidgraas.nl/
Malibu Pop & Street Series
La MJC came up with this idea of re-designing Malibu bottles in “ pop ” interpretations by legendary Europe artists So - Me , James Jarvis and Delta .
Only 100 numbered bottles of each are available , a colette exclusive . by : http://www.lamjc.com/
Basic Shapes
A family of animal characters were created by combining the square , circle and triangle .
The characters were silk - screened to a 1680 X 500 mm modernist growth chart for kids . by : http://www.co-oponline.net.au/
Zuny
A simple , genial and creative design of leather - made home accessories , which is made out of the designers ’ creativity and imagination .
Zuny enriches the peoples ’ life and provides a perfect gateway for releasing annoyances and pressures from work and frustration .
Such prospection motivates
Zuny to achieve its goal - “ Make your life funny and easy " . by : http://www.bonanzadesign.com/
479 º Popcorn
by : http://www.theengineroom.cc/
Nupo
by : http://www.muggieramadani.com/
Tango
Transforming a chip - shop brand into a hero brand - and making 14 year - old boys feel like 18 - year old - by telling a story about ‘ rebellion ' . by : http://www.brandhouse.co.uk
Flowessence
by http://www.romulocastilho.com/
CLOT x Nike Air Force 1
The Nike Clot Air Force 1 comes in a special ‘ Chinese Candy Box ’ packaging set .
Traditionally , Lunar New Year celebrations include offering sweets and other edible treats from a red lacquer box to ensure a ’ sweet ’ year .
Honoring this custom , the Nike Clot Air Force 1 packaging is a hexagonal red box with a partitioned tray layer , to hold shoe accessories , and matching lid .
The box ’s exterior is adorned with Clot graphics in black .
Pucko
Input : Pucko is the classic chocolate drink brand in Sweden with an iconic glass bottle .
Arla Foods wanted to refine the brand identity that it would work on additional packaging types and sizes . by : http://www.neumeister.se/
Colors In Motion
This is a press kit for a printing house that produces packaging projects .
We made it as a cardboard box with innovative construction trying to present all the technical possibilities of the printing house .
Rupert Murdoch has newspapering in his blood .
And for over half a century , he 's been scooping up papers around the world , with the biggest prize being the $ 5 billion purchase of the Wall Street Journal in 2007 .
But as the Times reports , Murdoch 's love of newsprint , and more importantly , his unflinching financial support -- dropping tens of millions annually on the NY Post -- is worrying investors still coping with News Corp 's recent $ 8.4 billion write - down .
In more vibrant economic times , investors and Wall Street analysts were more willing to look past Mr. Murdoch ’s attachment to newspapers — the newspaper segment is now the company ’s biggest single source of revenue , about 19 percent in the most recent quarter .
But they find that a tougher chore these days , as other media struggle and newspapers suffer through their worst slump since the Depression .
“ The thing I hear from investors is that they wish News Corp. was everything but newspapers , ” said David C. Joyce , media analyst at Miller Tabak & Company .
“ Investors are more forgiving when they are in a better mood , ” he said .
“ The hope for a turnaround in the newspaper business is looking elusive . ”
comments closed
permalink
We are visual creatures .
As much as we like to think we appreciate the inner quality of things , the reality is that we start off judging every book by its cover .
It comes as no surprise then that icons have an enormous impact on how we experience the digital world .
So as a web designer , the ability to create quality icons is critical to your ability to breathe life into people ’s online experiences .
In this post , we have a vast collection of 30 icon design Photoshop tutorials that will help teach you the skills needed to create your own .
You might also like : Top 100 Tutorials for Mastering Photoshop .
If you would rather create your icons in Adobe Illustrator , this collection of tutorials is what you need .
Felix Salmon has a really interesting article about a particular finance model created by a Chinese mathematician by the name of David Li , based on a statistical technique called Gaussian copula formulation , that was applied to the pricing of financial assets .
I do n't agree that this model , of similar ones for that matter , was what caused the crisis .
The key problem was monetary policy .
And I do n't think this was the only flawed quantitative model that was used .
But it was clearly a flawed quantitive model that caused great losses for financial institutions .
It was based , as you can read in the article , on the kind of thinking Dogbert expresses here Another key problem with the model , which is also a more general problem with these kinds of quantitative models , is that it assume that past correlations will always hold true in the future and that you can therefore use past correlations to predict future events .
This is not just a problem in finance , but in economics in general , where for example it is assumed that certain forms of fiscal stimulus have fixed multipliers ( with economists arguing over how high these multipliers are ) .
But as Austrian economics teaches us , there are no fixed quantitative correlations in economics ( At least not any exact correlations .
Relationships based on sound economic theory , such as that between monetary inflation and price inflation , will roughly hold for most of the time , but always to a varying extent and with a varying time lag ) .
A quantitative relationship , even if estimated correctly for one period in time ( and there are reasons to doubt that econometricians really does that in most cases ) , is a unique historical event applicable only to the time and place that the correlation was derived from .
It is not a general economic theoretical relationship .
The only general economic theoretical relationships are the verbal logic praxeological ones .
Li's model , like so many others , assumed that quantitative relationships would always hold , an assumption that many on Wall Street acted on , and which created big losses once the fallacy of that assumption was revealed .
( CNN ) --
Two children and one adult were killed Friday after a man with a painted face launched a knife attack at a children 's daycare center in Belgium .
Police look at a hearse parked in front of the childcare centre in Dendermonde where the attack took place .
Officials said two adults and 10 children , some of whom were in a critical condition , were being treated in hospital following the attack in Dendermonde , 25 kilometers ( 16 miles ) northwest of Brussels .
" The guy just went crazy , " local official Theo Janssens said , according to Agence France - Presse news agency .
He was arrested an hour and a half afterwards , according to the Interior Ministry .
Reports said he was trying to make his escape on a bicycle .
The attacker entered the day care center in Dendermonde , about 16 miles northwest of Brussels , around 10 a.m. ( 4 a.m. ET ) and began stabbing children and staff , the ministry said .
Local journalist Bart Bekaert told CNN that the attacker 's face was painted black and white .
Hear Bekaert describe the attack »
" Witnesses say he looked calm .
There was no security and he just walked straight in , " he added .
AFP reported that the man was not known to staff at the nursery .
" You do n't expect such acts happening in a daycare center , " Dendermonde deputy prosecutor Jan Kerkhofs told CNN .
" It is not like a prison so there are no bars on the doors or security systems . "
By Kim Ghattas
BBC News , Washington
America 's ties to Israel strengthened under President Bush A lot has been written about George W Bush 's unpopularity around the globe - but what about those places where the outgoing president was popular ?
As he leaves office with a record high domestic disapproval rate - 73 % , according to an October ABC News / Washington Post poll - President George W Bush can perhaps take some comfort from the fact that this feeling is not uniformly shared abroad .
While the shoe - throwing incident in Iraq may come to symbolise the world 's opinion of a president who is often referred to as the worst in America 's history , some corners of the world will miss the 43rd president of the United States .
He has approval ratings of around 80 % in Africa , according to some polls , and in Kosovo a main street was named after him to thank him for supporting Kosovo 's independence .
" It is generally accepted in the US that Bush has generated hatred for America around the world , " says Peter Berkowitz , a fellow at the conservative Hoover Institution .
" But the picture is not black and white , " he added .
Israeli ties
In the last days of his administration , Mr Bush again demonstrated his unwavering support for Israel as it pounded Gaza .
George Bush 's policy in Iraq has meant I can no longer go for a walk after 10 o'clock at night
Hazim , Basra
My wife is American and if George Bush had n't been president she would probably not have agreed to live with me in Germany .
Thanks George !
Gerd Hildebrandt , Cologne
Readers review the Bush years Analysts in the US observed that Israel may have deliberately timed the military offensive so that it took place before Mr Bush 's departure .
Israel knew it could count on the current president to support its actions , but felt less certain about how an Obama administration would react .
US ties with Israel have always been strong , but some believe the relationship was even stronger under Mr Bush and that - depending on how Mr Obama handles the Middle East - the outgoing president may be appreciated even more in Israel once he has left the White House .
" Israel is probably the only place on earth where Bush can still get a standing ovation , " says Mr Berkowitz , who was in Israel at the time of Mr Bush 's visit in May for the 60th anniversary of Israel 's creation , when he got several standing ovations .
" Israel sensed correctly that he acutely understood the challenges they faced .
But my view is also that he understood the suffering and challenges of the Palestinians .
He was after all the first American president who called for the creation of a Palestinian state . "
It is unlikely , however , that many Palestinians will remember Mr Bush for that particular call - especially now that their final image of the Bush administration will be shaped by the latest Israeli attacks in Gaza .
Bitter disappointment Just north of Israel and the Palestinian territories , Lebanon is one country where there is still some lingering appreciation for Mr Bush in some circles , albeit laced with disappointment .
Mr Bush was greeted by happy crowds on his 2008 trip to Africa
The administration 's support for Lebanon 's pro-Western factions in the turmoil following the 2005 assassination of the former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri was received with gratitude and relief .
What was known in Washington as the " Cedar Revolution " - and to Lebanese as the " Independence Intifada " - was held up by Mr Bush as a successful result of his " freedom agenda " .
Liberal , anti-Syrian and pro-Western politicians swept to victory in the legislative elections that followed and formed a government for the first time in three decades .
But bitter disappointment came in the summer of 2006 , when Israel and Lebanon 's Hezbollah militants engaged in a fierce war .
Civilians were dying in large numbers , but for days Washington withheld from calling for a ceasefire .
Happy crowds Africa as a continent stands out as the main region in the world where Bush is most likely to be missed and where widespread support for the 62 - year - old Texan mystified his critics .
In Darfur , many people reportedly name their newborn children George Bush .
When he visited the continent in February , he was greeted everywhere by excited , happy crowds .
Pew foundation polls suggested that he had approval ratings of up to 80 % , even in countries with a dominantly Muslim population .
In Darfur , many people reportedly name their newborn children George Bush .
" While Bush 's critics have given him little credit for his African initiatives , they will be among his most enduring legacies in a region of the world neglected by policymakers from both parties for too long , " wrote Andrew Natsios , a fellow at the Hudson Institute , in an article in the Boston Globe last year .
It helps that America is not fighting any wars in Africa , as it is in the Middle East or Central Asia .
So in Africa , Bush would be remembered for " playing a central role as peacemaker in ending a 20 - year civil war between the Arab north and African south , " wrote Mr Natsios .
We know for sure that you , Mr President , and your administration have been good friends of our country
Tanzanian President Jakaya Kikwete
" It was the Bush administration that first raised the alarm about the atrocities in Darfur , organised a massive humanitarian relief effort to save people in the displaced camps , and rallied an international coalition to send peacekeeping troops to restore order through the United Nations and the African Union , " he added .
When Mr Bush arrived in Tanzania in February , President Jakaya Kikwete poured praise on him .
" Different people may have different views about you and your administration and your legacy , " he said .
" But we in Tanzania , if we are to speak for ourselves and for Africa , we know for sure that you , Mr President , and your administration have been good friends of our country and have been good friends of Africa . "
Missed by enemies
What has really boosted Mr Bush 's popularity there has been his decision to increase aid to Africa and the economic and health programmes he supported in the continent .
Overall , foreign aid doubled during the Bush administration , and in Africa it quadrupled from $ 1.3 bn in 2001 to $ 5bn in 2008 .
Additional billions of dollars were allocated to support his programmes to fight malaria and HIV / Aids and to reward good governance , programmes which have been viewed as a great success .
Kori Schake , a member of the National Security Council during Mr Bush 's first term , says a number of other countries around the world may miss President Bush , from those that were hoping to sign free trade agreements with Washington , like Colombia , to rising powers like India which signed a controversial nuclear co-operation deal with Washington outside the Non-Proliferation Treaty .
Former Soviet republics like Ukraine and Georgia , which were hoping to join Nato or at least make good progress along that path , may also lament the end of the Bush administration .
But it may well be that whether Mr Bush is missed or not will depend on what Barack Obama does as president .
Finally , in their own way , leaders like Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez , Cuba 's former president Fidel Castro and Iran 's Mahmoud Ahmadinejad may come to miss the man they loved to hate when they have to start dealing with his successor , the man that the world loves to love .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Introduction
A PDF tool comes in handy when you need to deal with PDF files such as to merge or split pages , add a header , footer or watermark , highlight or annotate PDF documents , or convert from other files to PDFs or vice versa .
In this review , multipurpose programs offering general features for merging PDF files , splitting or re-ordering pages , etc within a single application are discussed under General Tools .
Those designed for a more specific task are grouped under Specific Tools .
Index
The free applications reviewed in this section are helpful for their specific functions mostly not covered by the General Tools .
Edit a PDF File
PDF Import for Apache OpenOffice ( formerly Oracle PDF Import Extension ) lets you create a hybrid pdf file with OpenOffice Writer .
A hybrid pdf file is basically a pdf file containing an embedded odf source file .
The beauty of this type of file is that not only can it be viewed with a normal PDF viewer , it can also be opened for full text editing with OpenOffice Writer in 100 % layout accuracy .
See this article A PDF File Allows Editing in 100 % Layout Accuracy for details .
AbleWord , which is a capable word processor , can be used to open pdf file directly and edit small portions of text , add or remove images and so on before saving back to the pdf file .
It 's free for personal and even commercial use .
LibreOffice or OpenOffice Draw is also another free option available for such purpose .
Convert PDF to Text
Some PDF to TXT Converter is a light tool which preserves text and layout while supporting drag and drop , batch conversion and encrypted pdf files .
FreeOCR is a good scan and OCR ( Optical Character Recognition ) program which lets you extract text from scanned PDF documents .
Moreover , images from scanned PDF documents can be selected and placed on the clipboard .
For an online OCR solution , try Free-OCR.com .
Convert PDF to Word / Excel
Free online conversion is available from Nitro PDF for PDF - to - Word Converter and PDF - to - Excel Converter .
Choose the file you need , click the " Convert " button and check your inbox for the converted files .
Convert Various Formats to PDF
7 -PDF Maker is a powerful tool to convert a wide range of formats to PDF .
It can convert to PDF files generated by Word , Excel , Powerpoint , LibreOffice , OpenOffice , StarOffice , Maths and AutoCad , and will also convert images , text or web based files .
If you are using office applications such as LibreOffice or OpenOffice , or word processors such as Jarte , they come with a feature to export files to PDF .
Newer versions of Microsoft Office also allow a free add - in for saving documents as PDF .
Whether you choose to use 7 - PDF
Maker or any of these applications , you should find that clickable hyperlinks and bookmarks are nicely conserved in the converted or exported PDF files , along with the original page layouts .
An alternative approach is to install a virtual PDF printer , such as Bullzip , which will ' print ' out PDF files of text or other contents .
Note , however , that clickable hyperlinks and bookmarks will not usually be preserved in the resulting PDF file .
If you only need to convert image files to PDF , my favorite is i2 pdf .
It works even better than the tool " Convert Images to PDF " included in PDFill PDF Tools .
Download and unzip i2 pdf and run the executable directly ( no installation required ) .
How about converting files to PDF online ?
7 - PDF Web Portal and some other websites such as Document Converter eXPress also offer online conversion to PDF .
Extract Images from PDF
Some PDF Images Extract is a good choice .
You can extract all images from several PDF files by batch or pull images from selected pages in a PDF file .
Images can be saved in jpg , bmp , png , tiff , gif or tga formats .
It costs no money to use this application , but it is nagware which prompts a dialogue to ask for registration with payment each time you use it .
Annotate PDF Documents
PDF - XChange Viewer enables you to annotate PDF documents .
It allows a variety of operations , including highlighting , crossing or underlining text ; drawing shapes ; stamping and filling out PDF forms with a built - in typewriter ; insert , edit or rename bookmarks .
Unfortunately some advanced features are available only to the paid - for Pro version .
The good news is that now Foxit Reader has made this particular feature , together with most other basic annotating tools , available for free .
If you 're looking for an alternative , Foxit Reader is definitely a good choice .
For Linux users , Okular is a good try .
It supports annotations , highlighting , drawing lines and shapes , adding textboxes and stamps , and selecting and saving part of a document as text or in an image format .
Create and Edit Bookmarks
JPdfBookmarks allows you to create and edit bookmarks on existing PDF files .
You can add bookmarks to quick jump to a certain page of PDF documents , point to another PDF file in the file - system or go a website in a browser .
Bookmarks can be easily renamed or edited .
To set a bookmark to jump to a certain paragraph in a page — first browse to that paragraph , then right - click a bookmark , select " Set Destination " then " Replace Current " .
When completed , save the file as a new PDF file and it's all set .
Make Fillable PDF Forms
PDFescape is a helpful web application which lets you create or fill in PDF forms online , straight from your browser .
In addition to creating and editing fillable forms , you can also add text , links and sticky notes , draw basic shapes , and whiteout contents .
PDF
Escape is now entirely free .
If you want to save your work and return later you 'll need to register .
Crop PDF Pages
Briss is a cross-platform Java application which makes visual cropping of PDF pages much faster and easier .
You just load a pdf file , draw one or more rectangles with a mouse to crop the regions you want from a page and then save them as another file .
If you load a PDF file with multiple pages , you can see the odd and even numbered pages overlaid and crop them easily in one go .
Set Viewer Preferences and Metadata
BeCyPDFMetaEdit is a good find .
It allows you to edit most metadata such as title , subject and author of your PDF files , and customize viewer preferences , slide show page transitions , page labels , etc .
Other than the GUI version , it also has a command version for batch processing with parameters explained in the help file supporting most of the application functionality .
" Tweak PDF " is another choice with a simple user interface , but it lacks a slideshow setting and some other features .
The program is portable and available for download at Portable Freeware .
It has been scanned clean on VirusTotal .
( NB :
The link to the developer 's homepage is not provided here as it has a bad WOT rating upon checking ) .
Compare Two PDF Files
DiffPDF is a portable open - source application for you to compare two PDF files and see their differences in words , characters or appearance .
To compare PDF files , select two different PDF documents via the File # 1 and File # 2 buttons then click Compare .
You can also save your comparison result as a PDF file .
The program runs on multi platforms including Windows , Linux and Mac OS X .
More features may be available in the new version but it is not free .
Recover Forgotten Password
Try PDFCrak which runs on Linux or DOS ( the version for DOS is available for download here ) .
The only supported usage of this software is to recover passwords and / or content that you own but have lost access to as stated in the FAQ .
Booklet Printing
Gimposition ( or Govert 's Simple Imposition Tool ) allows you to re-order and reformat pages of your PDF document to prepare for booklet printing with a foldmark , 2 - up printing with page separation lines , or place two equal copies side by side with cutmarks on a top page .
No installation is required , just unzip the download , run the executable .
It 's straightforward , fast and easy to use .
See also this review .
Other Functions
To add attachments to a PDF , try " PDF Bundle " available for download at Softpedia .
The program has been scanned clean on VirusTotal .
( NB :
The link to the developer 's homepage is not provided here as it has a bad WOT rating upon checking ) .
To compress a PDF file , try this portable application Free PDF Compressor ( last free version 1.12 ) , or follow this method mentioned in our Freeware Forum .
Others
The following free applications offer particular functions , some of which are available in the main reviews .
They were brought up in comments here or noted from other sources .
I am listing them here with brief descriptions and links to the related sites for ease of reference .
Related Products and Links
You might want to check out these articles too :
Editor
This category is maintained by volunteer editor Jojo Yee .
Registered members can contact the editor with comments or suggestions by clicking here .
You can visit the Google + profile page of Jojo Yee here .
Back to the top of the article .
MAIMI , Fla. , Jan. 2 ( UPI ) --
Religious people have more self - control than their less religious counterparts do , a University of Miami professor has concluded .
Michael McCullough said the findings imply that religious people may be better at pursuing and achieving long - term goals that are important to them and their religious groups .
This , in turn , might help explain why religious people tend to have lower rates of substance abuse , better school achievement , less delinquency , better health behaviors , less depression and longer lives , McCullough said .
Advertisement
McCullough evaluated eight decades worth of research on religion , which has been conducted in diverse samples of people from around the world .
He said he found persuasive evidence from a variety of domains within the social sciences -- including neuroscience , economics , psychology and sociology -- that religious beliefs and religious behaviors are capable of encouraging people to exercise self - control and more effectively regulate their emotions and behaviors so they can pursue valued goals .
The study , published in Psychological Bulletin , says religious rituals such as prayer and meditation affect the parts of the human brain that are most important for self - regulation and self - control .
Religious lifestyles may contribute to self - control by providing people with clear standards for their behavior , by causing people to monitor their behavior more closely and by giving people the sense that God is watching their behavior .
Several times a year , without forewarning or invitation , inspectors representing the Chinese government make their way to the Black Country , the geographical and , some would argue , industrial heart of England , to rummage through the recycling collected from the region 's streets .
They pass through Walsall and on to neighbouring Aldridge where they visit a former foundry that was recently converted - " recycled " , according to its owners - into the country 's largest " materials recovery facility " ( MRF , pronounced " merf " ) .
" We had them here again just a few weeks ago , " says Mick Davis , the business development director at Greenstar , the site 's owners .
From a gantry high up above the loud confusion of conveyor belts , thrashing bag splitters and giant spinning magnets below , he points to a towering pile of bales being stacked by a forklift truck in the corner of the hangar - like building .
The sweet , acidic stench of rotting refuse attacks the nostrils .
" The inspectors reserve the right to split open any of those bales containing plastic bottles and check for quality and contamination , " says Davis .
" They are very fussy about standards .
They will also closely inspect our ' soft mix ' paper bales , too .
We now have to take a photograph of every bale before it gets shipped to China .
It 's all about traceability and quality control .
But it 's their right to be fussy : they pay us good money for these materials .
We 're getting about £ 50 for a 300kg PET [ polyethylene terephthalate , a thermoplastic polymer resin ] bail at the moment . "
This is the vision of recycling we all want to hold dear in our heads as we wash up baked bean cans and sort wine bottles from plastic milk cartons ready for collection : confirmation that as much of our waste as possible is collected , sorted and sold on for a profit .
But the reality - somewhat at odds with the evidence to be found in Aldridge - is that recycling is undergoing a crisis of confidence .
Amid stories of old televisions being sent for recycling but instead heading for Nigerian landfill sites , and popular revolts against " bin taxes " and fortnightly collections , many householders say they are beginning to lose confidence in a system that has only been in existence for the last decade .
( It 's easy to forget that as recently as 2000 , as much as 90 % of waste in England was still being sent to landfill : in 2008 , it stood at 59.9 % of household waste . )
Compounding this sense of anxiety is the news that the international market for recyclable commodities has taken a dive alongside the rest of the global economy , sparking headlines about piles of unsold recycled materials across the country .
And hovering over this are longer - term questions about the direction our waste management strategy is headed , with an increasing push towards incineration as landfill is slowly squeezed out of the equation by ever - tightening environmental directives , regulations and taxes .
Would it , in fact , make more sense both environmentally and economically , as one government waste adviser controversially suggested recently , to be burning some of our recycling to generate both electricity and heat instead of , say , exporting it ?
Inside the warmth of the boardroom , away from the noise and hurry of the machinery , Ian Wakelin , Greenstar 's CEO , offers up a passionate defence of recycling : " Yes , there is a backlash against recycling at the moment , but there is also a real lack of balance in the debate .
Is recycling being landfilled , as some are claiming ?
Beyond the contaminated matter that we have to extract from the recyclate we receive [ about 5 - 10 % of the total weight ] , I think this is nonsense .
I have n't talked to anyone in the recycling industry who has landfilled anything that is recyclable .
The economics just do n't stack up .
Why would they when landfill gate fees are so high ?
[ Currently , about £ 50 - 60 a tonne . ]
They can give it to me and I will readily take it off them . "
Wakelin feels that the UK still has a long way to go before it feels at ease about how it deals with its waste .
" We are such a nimby culture here in the UK , " he says .
" Would you rather have a landfill or an incinerator on your doorstep ?
Look at Vienna , where they 've built an incinerator right in the centre of the city that is so beautiful that it now attracts tourists .
The danger is that public perception is bloody difficult to change .
We need more positive education programmes about what we do with our waste .
For example , it 's immoral not to ship our recycling back to India and China if it 's helping them to grow their economies and develop .
Who are we to deny them this resource ? "
Wakelin believes that one of the tricks to winning over a sceptical public is to make recycling far easier for the average householder .
" I always get asked the same questions at dinner parties , " he says .
" Why do I have to have so many bins at home ?
And why can't I recycle more plastic ? "
The solution , says Wakelin , is to " leave it to the machines " , rather than have " Mr and Mrs Average sorting it all at home " .
His company 's philosophy for waste is that " co- mingled " collections ( where all dry recyclables are placed by householders into just one bag ready for collection ) are the way forward , as opposed to kerbside collections ( where householders are expected to separate their recycling at home for refuse workers working " kerbside " to then put these sorted materials by hand into separate containers on their vehicle ) which , he says , are less efficient , both environmentally and economically .
The MRF at Aldridge processes 500-600 tonnes of municipal recycling ( collected from households , restaurants , small businesses etc ) a day , serving 15 local authorities , some as far away as London and North Wales .
This represents 3 - 4 % of the UK 's dry recyclate .
" The traditional argument against co-mingled is that it gets more contaminated than kerbside , " he says .
" That was the case five to 10 years ago , but the technology is much better now .
The industry is going through a revolution right now , from the rag - and - bone man through to the machine .
We are seeing a rush by councils towards co-mingling .
Nine out of the 10 best - performing local authorities , when it comes to recycling rates , use co-mingled collections .
When they switch over , they typically see a 20 % leap in recycling rates overnight . "
Back out on the shop floor , Davis edges past the 40 - strong team of " pickers " , who are all intently scanning the recycling as it flashes past them on the conveyor for any contamination missed by the machines .
" We see all this as a commodity , not waste , " he says .
" We then process it into soft - mix paper , glass , aluminium , metal cans and soft plastics by polymer type and colour .
About 10 - 15 % of our materials go to China , but the majority stays in the UK .
All our newsprint , for example , goes to a processing site in Aylesbury .
" Steel cans used to go to the steel firm Corus , but they have currently abandoned this due to the downturn in the car industry .
Last year we were getting £ 60 a tonne for steel , but that 's down to £ 30 -£ 50 .
Yes , this has hurt us .
But we are tied to the global economy and we think the sharpest shocks are over .
People had been running down their stocks of recycled materials , especially in China , but now that they 've exhausted those supplies they are coming back into the market and prices have strengthened again .
It 's a total myth that we can't sell this stuff .
The main problem is that there 's a real shortage of processing facilities like this around the country . "
Chris Allen is one of the reprocessors waiting keenly " downstream " for these materials to turn them back into " useful stuff " .
As CEO of Smurfit Kappa Paper UK , he oversees a firm that produces 450,000 tonnes of 100 % recycled brown paper at two paper mills , in Kent and Birmingham , for use by corrugated box manufacturers across the UK and Ireland .
" We turn things such as newspaper , old cardboard boxes and cornflake packets into quality brown paper , " he says .
" The UK produces 2 m tonnes of cardboard boxes a year .
We should do our level best to produce these with locally recycled materials .
At the moment , I 'm paying £ 50 - 55 a tonne for mixed waste paper and card , whereas I 'm selling it as brown paper for £ 280 a tonne .
This is a viable business , believe me .
The fibres from those trees that get cut down have a bloody good life . "
Allen has strong views about media reports that some local authorities and collection companies have been stockpiling paper , and other sorts of recycling , as market prices have collapsed : " The Chinese buy paper in huge volume and have been outbidding us .
They had been buying like hell and paying incredible sums for it .
But the downturn caught up with China at the end of last year and they suddenly stopped buying the expensive stuff from far - off Europe .
But they are now coming back into the market and we are seeing prices rise again .
There 's always been ups and downs in the market , but it was the collection companies who had been exclusively selling to the Chinese that were bleating at the end of last year that the market had collapsed .
I hate to say , ' I told you so , ' but if they had had a balanced supply portfolio they would n't have been in that pickle .
The quiet , sensible ones just got on with selling to buyers like me .
Look at Birmingham City Council , the largest local authority in the country .
They did n't have one single problem , because they sell paper that is well sorted and of a high quality .
It 's the shit - quality paper that you saw being stockpiled on the TV . "
Tom Freyberg , editor of Recycling and Waste World magazine , agrees there are signs the market is recovering from its trough in December 2008 .
" Problems started in October when the prices of materials such as paper and plastics fell dramatically , " he says .
" However , prices are now climbing .
For people to lose faith now in recycling would be disastrous . "
But it 's not just the availability of buyers that has helped to depress prices , say some prominent voices within the industry .
There is a problem with quality , too .
The Campaign for Real Recycling , which is made up of some of the UK 's largest materials reprocessors , in addition to community recycling representatives and Friends of the Earth , argues that the overall quality of recycled materials in the UK just is n't as high as it should and could be , and that this is largely down to the trend for co-mingled collections .
Earlier this year , the campaign group sent an open letter to Jane Kennedy MP , the minister for farming and environment at Defra , urging the government to reverse this trend .
It lamented the fact that the recycling system in the UK was producing " extremely low - grade mixed materials masquerading as paper , aluminium , glass " and , as a result , many reprocessors were having to import materials from abroad unnecessarily .
Caught in the middle of this debate is the Waste and Resources Action Programme ( Wrap ) , the not - for - profit company set up as part of the government 's waste strategy published back in 2000 .
Phillip Ward , as director for local government services , has the task of advising local authorities on what types of collection systems they should opt for .
" We are going through a large transitionary period , " he says .
" As recently as 2000 we were largely putting all our stuff in the ground .
But we 're now at 35 % recycling rates .
Local authorities had to invent a new system but no one knew the best way to do it .
That 's why we now have a patchwork solution across the country .
It 's not a finished system yet . "
Yes , he says , we must all aim to produce cleaner , better quality recyclate , as well as aim to " narrow the variations between the local authorities " , but he adds that a patchwork of collection and sorting methods will always be necessary to some degree due to the rural / suburban / urban split across the country .
Co-mingling better suits the often cramped " internal logistics " of people living in built - up city centres , whereas kerbside collection suits those out in the leafy suburbs with enough space to sort everything into neat , tidy piles .
Psychology plays an important role in public engagement , says Ward .
" Surveys have shown that most people have fairly mundane criticisms of recycling : ' Nobody explains to me what happens next to my waste ' , or ' Nobody says thank you for my efforts ' .
People do respond to this , rather than a punitive atmosphere . "
Ward accepts that the media backlash ( " propaganda by papers with an agenda , " as he describes it ) against " pay - as - you - throw " schemes , which aimed to impose an extra charge on householders who produced excessive waste , means that these are now politically untenable .
Give people the right signals , as well as the right collections , he says , and most people are only too happy to " do their bit " .
" Our research has shown that giving people two 55 - litre boxes for recycling , collected once a week , is the ideal combination .
We have also found that if you get plastic recycling right it triggers further engagement .
This is now a key area for us , alongside increasing food waste collections .
[ According to Wrap , we still throw out about one - third of the food we buy . ]
The next frontier is getting plastic items such as yoghurt pots and margarine lids collected .
It has to be shown to be viable .
For example , a new plant called Closed Loop has recently opened in Dagenham , Essex , processing plastic milk cartons and clear drinks bottles into food - grade packaging . "
But Ward also wants us all to ask some broader , deeper questions about our whole " cradle - to - grave " waste economy .
The waste industry has been talking about the so - called " waste hierarchy " for decades - the mantra that places waste prevention as the first goal followed , in descending order , by minimisation , reuse , recycling , energy recovery and , finally , disposal - but it has still not yet fully met these words with deeds .
After all , it is now almost 50 years since the US social critic Vance Packard wrote about the excessive waste produced by western consumerism ( principally , how we are all encouraged to buy things we do n't need ) in his landmark bestseller The Waste Makers - the Silent Spring of the waste world - and still we have yet to fundamentally heed his warnings .
" We need a manufacturing system that uses far more recycled materials , " says Ward .
" We need to tackle planned obsolescence .
At the moment it 's still hard to make the economic case to mend something , but , as we have already seen in places such as Japan and Taiwan , the labour pool in China will become less and less cheap as their standard of living rises .
This should lead to the return of the repair man for items such as broken dishwashers , kettles and washing machines .
We can do this by getting the manufacturers together .
That 's how we tackled standby power .
Ten years ago , standby used 25 - 30 watts ; now that 's down to 1 - 2 watts . "
Ask most householders what their No1 irritant is when it comes to waste and the response is immediate : excessive packaging .
Why is the onus placed on householders and consumers to dispose of it dutifully and correctly , they ask , when the problem could be more readily tackled upstream ?
The Local Government Authority also recently weighed into the debate saying that supermarkets should contribute towards the costs of recycling , adding that almost 40 % of the packaging used by supermarkets still cannot be easily recycled .
Ward shares this frustration , but he does n't have a word of comfort for those who express concern about the slow creep towards incineration as opposed to , say , waste minimisation or greatly increased recycling .
" Incineration is going to be inevitable , " says Ward .
" [ But the ] cleaner we can get our waste , the less of it we 'll need to burn .
That 's why we always plead for people to keep their recycling as clean and well sorted as possible .
Curry sauce all over your recycling will render it useless . "
There are those , though , who believe that recovering energy by incinerating waste is better , by and large , than recycling it .
The Institute of Mechanical Engineers , for example , has recently urged the government to invest in heating and energy projects with local waste being used as the fuel resource , much like the schemes found in countries such as Germany and Austria .
" The government should abandon its focus on recycling as the only way to rid us of landfills , " it says , " as this is quite unachievable and is clearly deceiving the public about what is really happening to their waste .
Recycling should only be for waste products that cannot be more sustainably converted into electricity , heat and / or transport fuels . "
Adam Read , a former professor of waste management at Northampton University , believes that the industry is still in the foothills when it comes to understanding the full environmental implications of each form of waste treatment .
" We certainly need to understand our waste - flow better , " he says .
" We need a better grasp of the calorific values , water content , market values and the like of each waste source before pushing ahead .
Yes , it sometimes will be more economical to burn waste , but the environmental impact is always going to be less when recycling .
However , incineration will always be better environmentally than landfill because of the methane generated when organic waste rots underground . "
On the site of a former quarry at Allington in Kent sits a facility that is squarely at the heart of the debate about whether we should be burning more of our waste , especially the portions of our waste that some argue could and should be recovered for recycling .
The Enviropower energy from waste ( EFW ) facility , with its 80 m - tall chimney , is the country 's newest and largest incinerator .
It also operates a MRF and , as a result , can now claim to be Kent 's one - stop - shop for waste .
The Waste Recycling Group , the Spanish - owned company that built the site , says the UK can expect to see more and more combined " waste management facilities " such as Allington Quarry being built in the coming years .
" We burn 1,500 tonnes of waste a day - 24/7 , 365 days a year - at temperatures of 600 - 650 C , " says Paul Andrews , Enviropower 's managing director , as a huge mechanical claw swoops down , grabs several tonnes of black bin bags from a concrete bunker below , and lifts them up into a shredder in preparation for entering the combustion chambers .
" Doing so provides us with 43 megawatts of electricity - easily enough to power the whole of Maidstone . "
As much of the recyclable material as possible , he explains , is recovered from the black bins as they pass through the shredders , but this only amounts realistically to any ferrous metals that manage to be caught by magnets .
The vast majority of what Kent now puts into its black bin bags - chicken bones , bottle tops , cling film , nappies - ends up being burned inside Allington Quarry 's fluidised - bed combustion chambers ( ovens with 120 tonnes of sand at the bottom that is blasted with air to help increase the " burn efficiency " of the materials that pass over it ) .
It 's a one - way ticket , but Enviropower says by burning this waste it helps to divert almost half a million tonnes of Kent 's waste from going to landfill each year .
For every black bag that passes into the system , 85 % of the weight will be vapourised and the remaining 15 % will be extracted , either as an anaerobic sludge or a dry ash .
The sludge is sent to landfill , whereas the ash is either landfilled or used as aggregate for roads .
But what most of the surrounding residents want to know is what is coming out of that tall chimney .
When the site was going through planning , for example , local campaigners opposing its construction said they were fearful of being exposed to soot , heavy metals , PCBs ( polychlorinated biphenyl ) and cancerous dioxins .
Paul Andrews makes a pretty remarkable defence when probed on this matter : " It would take 25 years for this facility to produce as much pollution as is emitted by vehicles on the M25 in just three days .
The legal limit for dust particles from a coal - fired power station is 160 mg per cubic metre , where as for us the limit is 10 mg per cubic metre .
Proportionally , fireworks throw up far more in the way of dioxins .
So does cooking bacon .
We have even reached the limit of detection with some of the gases , but we could still go further with nitrogen oxides .
The regulations on emissions are incredibly stringent now and , to be honest , we would welcome even tighter rules . "
Andrews says that when most people think of incinerators now they think of the ones dating back to the postwar period .
But today 's incinerators , he says , are many orders of magnitude cleaner because they go to " extraordinary lengths " to clean up the gases as they leave the combustion chamber , including passing them through a lime and carbon bath to remove the acidic gases and through filter bags to remove dust particles .
" We have this Englishman - and - his - castle attitude here in the UK , " he says .
" Zero waste is just not possible .
We live in a society where some waste streams just do n't have a home other than disposal .
As a country , we need to work out where we are ultimately heading with waste .
The government needs to set out clearly what our waste vision is . "
Recycling as much of our waste as possible is still the goal , says Andrews , but we must accept that some of it will need to be either incinerated or landfilled .
But the wider , as yet unanswered , question is what happens when incinerating waste is seen to be more convenient than going to the cost and bother of recycling it ?
Do we block this from happening with regulation and taxes , as we are doing with landfill , or do we slide into a society that predominately incinerates its waste ?
The way Liz Parkes , head of waste at the Environment Agency , sees it , we are going through some inevitable growing pains as we move from a nation that once unthinkingly threw its waste in the ground and buried it to one that attempts to make as much use of it as it can .
" Yes , it is taking time to turn this around , and it's a shame that the current debate could turn attitudes away from recycling , but there is a demand out there for our materials , " she says .
" We have to keep building up public trust with things such as open days and school visits .
We must keep the message simple .
Recycling has to be normalised and socially acceptable .
Just look at what happened with issues such as smoking and drink - driving over the years .
It takes time as this is really all about public behaviour .
We just need to move as a society from one that says ' not there , not there ' to one that asks , ' Where do you want it then ? ' "
As the U.S. Senate recount approaches another crossroad today , it appears that DFLer Al Franken 's recently attained lead over Republican Sen. Norm Coleman could narrow to double digits .
Today , the state Canvassing Board is scheduled to award votes from thousands of challenges that each candidate had filed against his opponent 's ballots but later withdrew .
A draft list Monday by the secretary of state 's staff about how those votes should be allocated showed Franken leading by 48 votes .
At the end of last week , he was up by 251 , the first time since the Nov. 4 election that he had an advantage .
Some decisions reflected on the draft list released Monday may be challenged by the campaigns at today 's meeting .
In addition , disputes over absentee ballots , claims that other votes were counted twice and a number of still - unresolved ballot challenges could change the margin yet again in an election that shows no sign of being settled soon .
The list that will be presented to the Canvassing Board today appears to be in line with what the Franken camp had been saying .
On Saturday , the campaign said its own tracking of challenges showed him leading by 35 to 50 votes .
" This is sort of in the ballpark of where we thought it was going to fall for a few days now , " Franken spokesman Andy Barr said .
Coleman 's campaign dismissed the latest count .
" Al Franken 's ' lead ' is artificial , and this process is still a long way from being complete , " said campaign manager Cullen Sheehan .
" We have no doubt that when these issues are properly resolved , Senator Coleman will be reelected to the Senate . "
While nearly all of the challenges have been ruled on or dropped and votes allocated , the Coleman campaign may still challenge about a dozen ballots and the Franken campaign four when the Canvassing Board meets today , said Deputy Secretary of State Jim Gelbmann .
Other fronts
Ballot challenges are just one front in the fight for the Senate seat .
Should Filesystems
Be Optimized for SSD’s ?
In one of the comments to my last blog entry , an anonymous commenter writes :
You seem to be taking a different perspective to linus on the “ adapting to the the disk technology ” front ( Linus seems to against having to have the OS know about disk boundaries and having to do levelling itself )
That ’s an interesting question , and I figure it ’s worth its own top - level entry , as opposed to a reply in the comment stream .
One of the interesting design questions in any OS or Computer Architecture is where the abstraction boundaries should be drawn and which side of an abstraction boundary should various operations be pushed .
Linus ’s arguments is that there a flash controller can do a better job of wear leveling , including detecting how “ worn ” a particular flash cell might be ( for example , perhaps by looking at the charge levels at an analog level and knowing when the last time the cell was programmed ) , and so it does n’t make sense to try to do wear leveling in a flash file system .
Some responsibilities of flash management , such as coalescing newly written blocks into erase blocks to avoid write amplification can be done either on the SSD or in the file system — for example , by using a log - structured file system , or some other copy - on - write file system , instead of a rewrite - in - place style file system , you can essentially solve the write amplification problem .
In some cases , it ’s necessary let additional information leak across the abstraction — for example , the ATA TRIM command is a way for the file system to let the disk know that certain blocks no longer need to be used .
If too much information needs to be pushed across the abstraction , one way or another , then maybe we need to rethink whether the abstraction barrier is in the right place .
In addition , if the abstraction has been around for a long time , changing it also has costs , which has to be taken into account .
The 512 byte sector LBA abstraction has been around long time , and therefore dislodging it is difficult and costly .
For example , the same argument which says that because the underlying hardware details are changing between different generations of SSD is all of these details should be hidden in hardware , was also used to justify something that has been a complete commercial failure for years if not decades : Object Based Disks .
One of the arguments of OBD ’s was that the hard drive has the best knowledge of how and where to store an contiguous stream of bytes , and so perhaps filesystems should not be trying to decide where on disk an inode should be stored , but instead tell the hard drive , “ I have this object , which is 134 kilobytes long ; please store it somewhere on the disk ” .
At least in theory the HDD or SSD could handle all of the details of knowing the best place to store the object on the spinning magnetic media or flash media , taking into account how worn the flash is and automatically move the object around in the case of an SSD , and in the case of the HDD , the drive could know about ( real ) cylinder and track boundaries , and store the object in the most efficient way possible , since the drive has intimate knowledge about the low - level details of how data is stored on the disk .
This theory makes a huge amount of sense ; but there ’s only one problem .
Object Based Disks have been proposed in academia and advanced R&D shops of companies like Seagate et.al .
have been proposing them for over a decade , with absolutely nothing to show for it .
Why ?
There have been two reasons proposed .
One is that OBD vendors were too greedy , and tried to charge too much money for OBD’s .
Another explanation is that the interface abstraction for OBD ’s was too different , and so there was n’t enough software or file systems or OS ’s that could take advantage of OBD’s .
Both explanations undoubtedly contributed to the commercial failure of OBD’s , but the question is which is the bigger reason .
And the reason why it is particularly important here is because at least as far as Intel ’s SSD strategy is concerned , its advantage is that ( modulo implementation shortcomings such as the reported internal LBA remapping table fragmentation problem and the lack of ATA TRIM support ) filesystems do n’t need to change ( much ) in order to take advantage of the Intel SSD and get at least decent performance .
However , if the price delta is a stronger reason for its failure , then the X25 - M may be in trouble .
Currently the 80GB Intel X25 - M has a street price of $ 400 , so it costs roughly $ 5 per gigabyte .
“ Dumb ” MLC SATA SSD ’s are available for roughly half the cost / gigabyte ( 64 GB for $ 164 ) .
So what does the market look like 12 - 18 months from now ?
If “ dumb ” SSD ’s are still available at 50 % of the cost of “ smart ” SSD ’s , it would probably be worth it to make a copy - on - write style filesystem that attempts to do the wear leveling and write amplification reduction in software .
Sure , it ’s probably more efficient to do it in hardware , but a 2 x price differential might cause people will settle for a cheaper solution even if is n’t the absolutely best technical choice .
On the hand , if prices drop significantly , and / or “ dumb ” SSD ’s completely disappear from the market , then time spent now optimizing for “ dumb ” SSD ’s will be completely wasted .
So for Linus to make the proclamation that it ’s completely stupid to optimize for “ dumb ” SSD ’s seems to be a bit premature .
Market externalities — for example , does Intel have patents that will prevent competing “ smart ” SSD ’s from entering the market and thus forcing price drops ?
— could radically change the picture .
It ’s not just a pure technological choice , which is what makes projections and prognostications difficult .
As another example , I do n’t know whether or not Intel will issue a firmware update that adds ATA TRIM support to the X25 - M , or how long it will take before such SSD ’s become available .
Until ATA TRIM support becomes available , it will be advantageous to add support in ext4 for a block allocator option that aggressively reuses blocks above all else , and avoids using blocks that have never been allocated or used before , even if it causes more in - file system fragmentation and deeper extent allocation trees .
The reason for this is at the moment , once a block is used by the file system , at least today , the X25 - M has absolutely no idea whether we still care about the contents of that block , or whether the block has since been released when the file was deleted .
However , if 20 % of the SSD ’s blocks have never been used , the X25 - M can use 20 % of the flash for better garbage collection and defragmentation algorithms .
And if Intel never releases a firmware update to add ATA TRIM support , then I will be out $ 400 out of my own pocket for an SSD that lacks this capability , and so adding a block allocator which works around limitations of the X25 - M probably makes sense .
If it turns out that it takes two years before disks that have ATA TRIM support show up , then it will definitely make sense to add such an optimization .
( Hard drive vendors have been historically S - L - O - W to finish standardizing new features and then letting such features enter the market place , so I ’m not necessarily holding my breath ; after all , the Linux block device layer and and file systems have been ready to send ATA TRIM support for about six months ; what ’s taking the ATA committees and SSD vendors so long ?
On the other hand , if Intel releases ATA TRIM support next month , then it might not be worth my effort to add such a mount option to ext4 .
Or maybe Sandisk will make an ATA TRIM capable SSD available soon , and which is otherwise competitive with Intel , and I get a free sample , but it turns out another optimization on Sandisk SSD ’s will give me an extra 10 % performance gain under some workloads .
Is it worth it in that case ?
Hard to tell , unless I know whether such a tweak addresses an optimization problem which is fundamental , and whether or not such a tweak will either be unnecessary , or perhaps actively unhelpful in the next generation .
As long as SSD manufacturers force us treat these devices as black boxes , there may be a certain amount of cargo cult science which may be forced upon us file system designers — or I guess I should say , in order to be more academically respectable , “ we will be forced to rely more on empirical measurements leading to educated engineering estimations about what the SSD is doing inside the black box ” .
Heh .
Last week , on his news - and - opinions site Hollywood Elsewhere , Jeffrey Wells posted a fairly typical quote from Watchmen creator Alan Moore regarding his opinion of the upcoming big screen adaptation .
( In short : He 's agin ' it .
And he wishes the money spent on the movie were being used to " sort out the civil unrest in Haiti . " )
The comments on Wells ' post quickly split into the standard " Moore is a man of rare integrity " versus " Why does Moore keep trying to make me feel bad for wanting an Ozymandias action figure ? " factions that should be familiar to anyone who 's spent any time reading about comics on the internet over the past 10 years .
And then another voice was heard : Hollywood geek - flick producer Don Murphy , who worked on the Moore - derided big screen versions of From Hell and The League Of Extraordinary Gentlemen .
Murphy wrote :
Alan Moore is a hypocrite and a liar .
— He took a million dollars from Fox for League - he did not HAVE to do so — He claims that he never saw League so why does he get to comment on the merits of it ?
YOU can say what you want to - but he never saw it — He has made over $ 3 million dollars on the increased sales of the Watchmen hardcover due to the film - he is n't returning that money — He sold the rights to Watchmen in 1988 — He attacked V for Vendetta back when it came out - after he had sold those rights
He is an old man who smokes too much hash and prays to a lizard god .
Do n't buy his bullshit .
Advertisement
In the days since , Murphy has stuck to his guns , claiming that Moore 's vaunted integrity means little , since he already banked most of what he 's owed for the properties at which he now takes potshots .
Of course since Murphy himself is famous for being beaten up in public by Quentin Tarantino ( and receiving $ 450 in compensation ) and going ballistic over the anonymous , publicly - edited nature of Wikipedia , his own credibility may be a little shaky .
Still , Murphy 's point about how Moore plays fast - and - loose with other people 's creations and then gets tetchy when it happens to him is one worth considering .
And at the least , his rants on HE are entertaining in their unhingedness .
The International Consumer Electronics
Show drew only 110,000 visitors — down 22 percent from last year — over its five - day run in Las Vegas , the lowest turnout in a long time .
The Consumer Electronics Association had predicted that 130,000 people would show for the event .
On Tuesday night , CEA chief executive Gary Shapiro held out hope that there would be a strong showing based on high attendance at the opening party .
Last year , the show drew 141,150 people .
Audited 2009 numbers will be released in about 90 days .
But it was clear during the week that the extravaganza of years past is now more muted .
It was easier to maneuver through the show floor during prime time hours , and the cab lines and monorail lines at the convention center were almost non-existent .
For show goers , this meant that it was a far more pleasant experience than in the past , when the waits for transportation exceeded an hour .
All told , it still was n’t a ghost town .
Brian Lam , head of gadget site Gizmodo , told me Palm saved the day by supplying real news about the Palm Pre smartphone at the show .
Otherwise , it might have been hard to find something to get really excited about .
Thursday and Friday were crowded days in particular .
There were 300 new exhibitors among the 2,700 , which was about the same as last year .
They were spread across 1.7 million square feet of space in the cavernous Las Vegas Convention Center and Sands Expo .
About 20,000 products were on display .
The keynote speeches that I attended by Microsoft ’s Steve Ballmer , Sony ’s Howard Stringer and Intel ’s Craig Barrett were pretty much filled to capacity at the Venetian Hotel .
Even on Saturday , FCC Chairman Kevin Martin drew a crowd that filled a large room in the convention center .
The parties were not in short supply either .
The Digital Experience event at the Mirage on Wednesday and Showstoppers on Thursday saw overflow crowds with plenty of catered food and open bars .
I guess when there are freebies , it is n’t hard to get people to come during a tough economy .
Intel hosted the Counting Crows , while Advanced Micro Devices rented out the swanky Prive club ( above ) at the Planet Hollywood casino , where a model dressed as AMD ’s Radeon graphics mascot character Ruby danced on stage in the VIP area .
She was not that uncommon a sight in terms of CES marketing ploys , though much tamer than some of the fare at the Adult Entertainment Expo at the Sands Expo center ( which I did not attend ; however , it was very easy to guess which people cruising through the halls of the Venetian Hotel were likely there attending the AEE .
They were the ones with scantily clad attire and abundant plastic surgery ) .
Porn probably has the same problems that the consumer electronics vendors have : commodity pricing , a huge amount of competition , and consumers with attention spans of gnats .
But overall , I have to say that the technologies that I saw at CES this year were top notch .
I ’ll write more about the tech trends in a later post .
But here ’ s my picks for the top ten .
Ten Mistakes Writers Do n’t See ( But Can Easily Fix When They Do )
Like many editorial consultants , I ’ve been concerned about the amount of time I ’ve been spending on easy fixes that the author should n’t have to pay for .
Sometimes the question of where to put a comma , how to use a verb or why not to repeat a word can be important , even strategic .
But most of the time the author either missed that day ’s grammar lesson in elementary school or is too close to the manuscript to make corrections before I see it .
So the following is a list I ’ll be referring to people * before * they submit anything in writing to anybody ( me , agent , publisher , your mom , your boss ) .
From email messages and front - page news in the New York Times to published books and magazine articles , the 10 ouchies listed here crop up everywhere .
They ’re so pernicious that even respected Internet columnists are not immune .
The list also could be called , “ 10 COMMON PROBLEMS THAT DISMISS YOU AS AN AMATEUR , ” because these mistakes are obvious to literary agents and editors , who may start wording their decline letter by page 5 .
What a tragedy that would be .
So here we go :
REPEATS
Just about every writer unconsciously leans on a “ crutch ” word .
Hillary
Clinton ’s repeated word is “ eager ” ( can you believe it ?
the committee
that wrote Living History should be ashamed ) .
Cosmopolitan magazine
editor Kate
White uses “ quickly ” over a dozen times in A Body To Die
For. Jack Kerouac ’s crutch word in On the Road is “ sad , ” sometimes
doubly so – “ sad , sad . ”
Ann Packer ’s in The Dive from Clausen ’s Pier
is “ weird .
” Crutch words are usually unremarkable .
That ’s why they slip under
editorial radar – they ’re not even worth repeating , but there you have
it , pop , pop , pop , up they come .
Readers , however , notice them , get
irked by them and are eventually distracted by them , and down goes your
book , never to be opened again .
But even if the word is unusual , and even if you use it differently when
you repeat it , do n’t :
Set a higher standard for yourself even if readers
wo n’t notice .
In Jennifer Egan ’s Look at me , the core word – a good
word , but because it ’s good , you get * one * per book – is “ abraded . ”
Here ’s the problem : “ Victoria ’s blue gaze abraded me with the texture of ground glass . ” page 202
“ …( metal trucks abrading the concrete ) … ” page 217
“ …he relished the abrasion of her skepticism … ” page 256
“ … since his abrasion with Z … ” page 272
The same goes for repeats of several words together – a phrase or
sentence that may seem fresh at first , but , restated many times , draws
attention from the author ’s strengths .
Sheldon Siegel nearly bludgeons
us in his otherwise witty and articulate courtroom thriller , Final
Verdict , with a sentence construction that ’s repeated throughout the
book : “ His tone oozes self - righteousness when he says … ” page 188
“ His voice is barely audible when he says … ” page 193
“ His tone is unapologetic when he says … ” page 199
“ Rosie keeps her tone even when she says … ” page 200
“ His tone is even when he says … ” page 205
“ I switch to my lawyer voice when I say … ” page 211
“ He sounds like Grace when he says … ” page 211 What a tragedy .
I ’m not saying all forms of this sentence should be
lopped off .
Lawyers find their rhythm in the courtroom by phrasing
questions in the same or similar way .
It ’s just that you ca n’t do it too
often on the page .
After the third or fourth or 16th time , readers
exclaim silently , “ Where was the editor who shoulda caught this ? ”
or
“ What was the author thinking ?
1 . So if you are the author , do n’t wait for the agent or house or even editorial consultant to catch this stuff * for* you .
Attune your eye now .
Vow to yourself , NO REPEATS .
And by the way , even deliberate repeats should always be questioned : “ Here are the documents . ” says one character .
“ If these are the documents , I ’ll oppose you , ” says another .
A repeat like that just keeps us on the surface .
Figure out a different word ; or rewrite the exchange .
Repeats rarely allow you to probe deeper .
FLAT WRITING
“ He wanted to know but could n’t understand what she had to say , so he waited until she was ready to tell him before asking what she meant .
” Something is conveyed in this sentence , but who cares ?
The writing is so flat , it just dies on the page .
You ca n’t fix it with a few replacement words – you have to give it depth , texture , character .
Here ’s another : ” Bob looked at the clock and wondered if he would have time to stop for gas before driving to school to pick up his son after band practice . ”
True , this could be important – his wife might have hired a private investigator to document Bob ’s inability to pick up his son on time – and it could be that making the sentence bland invests it with more tension .
( This is the editorial consultant giving you the benefit of the doubt . )
Most of the time , though , a sentence like this acts as filler .
It gets us from A to B , all right , but not if we go to the kitchen to make a sandwich and find something else to read when we sit down .
Flat writing is a sign that you ’ve lost interest or are intimidated by your own narrative .
It shows that you ’re veering toward mediocrity , that your brain is fatigued , that you ’ve lost your inspiration .
So use it as a lesson .
When you see flat writing on the page , it ’s time to rethink , refuel and rewrite
EMPTY ADVERBS
Actually , totally , absolutely , completely , continually , constantly , continuously , literally , really , unfortunately , ironically , incredibly , hopefully , finally – these and others are words that promise emphasis , but too often they do the reverse .
They suck the meaning out of every sentence .
I defer to People Magazine for larding its articles with empty adverbs .
A recent issue refers to an “ incredibly popular , groundbreakingly racy sitcom . ”
That ’s tough to say even when your lips are n’t moving .
In Still Life with Crows , Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child describe a mysterious row of corn in the middle of a field : “ It was , in fact , the only row that actually opened onto the creek . ”
Here are two attempts at emphasis ( “ in fact , ” “ actually ” ) , but they just junk up the sentence .
Remove them both and the word “ only ” carries the burden of the sentence with efficiency and precision .
( When in doubt , try this mantra : Precise and spare ; precise and spare ; precise and spare . )
In dialogue , empty adverbs may sound appropriate , even authentic , but that ’s because they ’ve crept into American conversation in a trendy way .
If you ’re not watchful , they ’ll make your characters sound wordy , infantile and dated .
In Julia Glass ’s Three Junes , a character named Stavros is a forthright and matter - of - fact guy who talks to his lover without pretense or affectation .
But when he mentions an offbeat tourist souvenir , he says , “ It ’s absolutely wild .
I love it . ”
Now he sounds fey , spoiled , superficial ..
( Granted , “ wild ” nearly does him in ; but “ absolutely ” is the killer . )
The word “ actually ” seems to emerge most frequently , I find .
Ann Packer ’s narrator recalls running in the rain with her boyfriend , “ his hand clasping mine as if he could actually make me go fast . ”
Delete “ actually ” and the sentence is more powerful without it .
The same holds true when the protagonist named Miles hears some information in Empire Falls by Richard Russo .
“ Actually , Miles had no doubt of it , ” we ’re told .
Well , if he had no doubt , remove “ actually ” – it ’s cleaner , clearer that way .
“ Actually ” mushes up sentence after sentence ; it gets in the way every time .
I now think it should * never * be used .
Another problem with empty adverbs :
You ca n’t just stick them at the beginning of a sentence to introduce a general idea or wishful thinking , as in “ Hopefully , the clock will run out . ”
Adverbs have to modify a verb or other adverb , and in this sentence , “ run out ” ai n’t it .
Look at this hilarious clunker from The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown : “ Almost inconceivably , the gun into which she was now staring was clutched in the pale hand of an enormous albino . ”
Ack , “ almost inconceivably ” – that ’s like being a little bit infertile !
Hopefully , that “ enormous albino ” will ironically go back to actually flogging himself while incredibly saying his prayers continually .
PHONY DIALOGUE
Be careful of using dialogue to advance the plot .
Readers can tell when characters talk about things they already know , or when the speakers appear to be having a conversation for our benefit .
You never want one character to imply or say to the other , “ Tell me again , Bruce :
What are we doing next ?
” Avoid words that are fashionable in conversation .
Ann Packer ’s characters are so trendy the reader recoils .
” ‘ What ’s up with that ? ’
I said .
‘ Is this a thing [ love affair ] ? ’ ” “ We both smiled .
” ‘ What is it with him ? ’
I said .
‘ I mean , really . ’ ” Her book is only a few years old , and already it ’s dated .
Dialogue offers glimpses into character the author can’t provide through description .
Hidden wit , thoughtful observations , a shy revelation , a charming aside all come out in dialogue , so the characters * show * us what the author ca n’t * tell * us .
But if dialogue helps the author distinguish each character , it also nails the culprit who ’s promoting a hidden agenda by speaking out of character .
An unfortunate pattern within the dialogue in Three Junes , by the way , is that all the male characters begin to sound like the author ’s version of Noel Coward – fey , acerbic , witty , superior , puckish , diffident .
Pretty soon the credibility of the entire novel is shot .
You owe it to each character ’s unique nature to make every one of them an original .
Now do n’t tell me that because Julia Glass won the National Book Award , you can get away with lack of credibility in dialogue .
Setting your own high standards and sticking to them – being proud of * having * them – is the mark of a pro .
Be one , write like one , and do n’t cheat .
NO - GOOD SUFFIXES
Do n’t take a perfectly good word and give it a new backside so it functions as something else .
The New York Times does this all the time .
Instead of saying , “ as a director , she is meticulous , ” the reviewer will write , “ as a director , she is known for her meticulousness . ”
Until she is known for her obtuseness .
The “ ness ” words cause the eye to stumble , come back , reread : Mindlessness , characterlessness , courageousness , statuesqueness , preciousness – you get the idea .
You might as well pour marbles into your readers ’ mouths .
Not all “ ness ” words are bad – goodness , no – but they are all suspect .
The “ ize ” words are no better – finalize , conceptualize , fantasize , categorize .
The “ ize ” hooks itself onto words as a short - cut but stays there like a parasite .
Cops now say to each other about witnesses they ’ve interrogated , “ Did you statementize him ? ”
Some shortcut .
Not all “ ize ” words are bad , either , but they do have the ring of the vulgate to them – “ he was brutalized by his father , ” “ she finalized her report . ”
Just try to use them rarely .
Adding “ ly ” to “ ing ” words has a little history to it .
Remember the old Tom Swifties ?
“ I hate that incision , ” the surgeon said cuttingly .
“ I got first prize ! ” the boy said winningly .
But the point to a good Tom Swiftie is to make a punchline out of the last adverb .
If you do that in your book , the reader is unnecessarily distracted .
Serious writing suffers from such antics .
Some “ ingly ” words do have their place .
I can accept “ swimmingly , ” “ annoyingly , ” “ surprisingly ” as descriptive if overlong “ ingly ” words .
But not “ startlingly , ” “ harrowingly ” or “ angeringly , ” “ careeningly ” – all hell to pronounce , even in silence , like the “ groundbreakingly ” used by People magazine above .
Try to use all “ ingly ” words ( ca n’t help it ) sparingly .
THE “ TO BE ” WORDS
Once your eye is attuned to the frequent use of the “ to be ” words – “ am , ” “ is , ” “ are , ” “ was , ” “ were , ” “ be , ” “ being , ” “ been ” and others – you ’ll be appalled at how quickly they flatten prose and slow your pace to a crawl .
The “ to be ” words represent the existence of things – “ I am here .
You are there . ”
Think of Hamlet ’s query , “ to be , or not to be . ”
To exist is not to act , so the “ to be ” words pretty much just there sit on the page .
“ I am the maid . ” “ It was cold . ” “ You were away .
” I blame mystery writers for turning the “ to be ” words into a trend :
Look how much burden is placed on the word “ was ” in this sentence : “ Around the corner , behind the stove , under the linoleum , was the gun . ”
All the suspense of finding the gun dissipates .
The “ to be ” word is not fair to the gun , which gets lost in a sea of prepositions .
Sometimes , “ to be ” words do earn a place in writing : “ In a frenzy by now , he pushed the stove away from the wall and ripped up the linoleum .
Cold metal glinted from under the floorboards .
He peered closer .
Sure enough , it was the gun . ”
Okay , I ’m lousy at this , but you get the point :
Do n’t squander the “ to be ” words – save them for special moments .
Not so long ago , “ it was ” * defined * emphasis .
Even now , if you want to say , “ It was Margaret who found the gun , ” meaning nobody else but Margaret , fine .
But watch out – “ it was ” can be habitual : “ It was Jack who joined the Million Man March .
It was Bob who said he would go , too .
But it was Bill who went with them . ”
Flat , flat , flat .
Try also to reserve the use of “ there was ” or “ there is ” for special occasions .
If used too often , this crutch also bogs down sentence after sentence .
“ He could n’t believe there was furniture in the room .
There was an open dresser drawer .
There was a sock on the bed .
There was a stack of laundry in the corner .
There was a handkerchief on the floor …. ”
By this time , we ’re dozing off , and you have n’t even gotten to the kitchen .
One finds the dreaded “ there was / is ” in jacket copy all the time .
“ Smith ’s book offers a range of lively characters :
There is Jim , the puzzle - loving dad .
There is Winky , the mom who sits on the 9th Court of Appeals .
There is Barbie , brain surgeon to the stars … . ”
Attune your eye to the “ to be ” words and you ’ll see them everywhere .
When in doubt , replace them with active , vivid , engaging verbs .
Muscle up that prose .
LISTS
“ She was entranced by the roses , hyacinths , impatiens , mums , carnations , pansies , irises , peonies , hollyhocks , daylillies , morning glories , larkspur … ”
Well , she may be entranced , but our eyes are glazing over .
If you ’re going to describe a number of items , jack up the visuals .
Lay out the the scene as the eye sees it , with emphasis and emotion in unlikely places .
When you list the items as though we ’re checking them off with a clipboard , the internal eye will shut .
It does n’t matter what you list – nouns , adjectives , verbs – the result is always static .
“ He drove , he sighed , he swallowed , he yawned in impatience . ”
So do we .
Dunk the whole thing .
Rethink and rewrite .
If you ’ve got many ingredients and we are n’t transported , you ’ve got a list .
SHOW , DON ’T TELL
If you say , “ she was stunning and powerful , ” you ’re * telling * us .
But if you say , “ I was stunned by her elegant carriage as she strode past the jury – shoulders erect , elbows back , her eyes wide and watchful , ” you ’re * showing * us .
The moment we can visualize the picture you ’re trying to paint , you ’re showing us , not telling us what we * should * see ..
Handsome , attractive , momentous , embarrassing , fabulous , powerful , hilarious , stupid , fascinating are all words that “ tell ” us in an arbitrary way what to think .
They do n’t reveal , do n’t open up , do n’t describe in specifics what is unique to the person or event described .
Often they begin with cliches .
Here is Gail Sheehy ’s depiction of a former “ surfer girl ” from the New Jersey shore in Middletown , America : “ This was a tall blond tomboy who grew up with all guy friends .
A natural beauty who still had age on her side , being thirty ; she did n’t give a thought to taming her flyaway hair or painting makeup on her smooth Swedish skin . ”
Here I * think * I know what Sheehy means , but I ’m not sure .
Do n’t let the reader make such assumptions .
You ’re the author ; it ’s your charge to show us what you mean with authentic detail .
Do n’t pretend the job is accomplished by cliches such as “ smooth Swedish skin , ” “ flyaway hair , ” “ tall blond tomboy , ” “ the surfer girl ” – how smooth ?
how tall ?
how blond ?
Or try this from Faye Kellerman in Street Dreams : “ [ Louise ’s ] features were regular , and once she had been pretty .
Now she was handsome in her black skirt , suit , and crisp , white blouse . ”
Well , that ’s it for Louise , poor thing .
Can you see the character in front of you ?
A previous sentence tells us that Louise has “ blunt - cut hair ” framing an “ oval face , ” which helps , but not much – millions of women have a face like that .
What makes Louise distinctive ?
Again , we may think we know what Kellerman means by “ pretty ” and “ handsome ” ( good luck ) , but the inexcusable word here is “ regular , ” as in “ her features were regular . ”
What * are * “ regular ” features ?
The difference between telling and showing usually boils down to the physical senses .
Visual , aural aromatic words take us out of our skin and place us in the scene you ’ve created .
In conventional narrative it ’s fine to use a “ to be ” word to talk us into the distinctive word , such as “ wandered ” in this brief , easily imagined sentence by John Steinbeck in East of Eden .
“ His eyes were very blue , and when he was tired , one of them wandered outward a little . ”
We do n’t care if he is “ handsome ” or “ regular . ”
Granted , context is everything , as writing experts say , and certainly that ’s true of the sweltering West African heat in Graham Greene ’s The Heart of the Matter : “ Her face had the ivory tinge of atabrine ; her hair which had once been the color of bottled honey was dark and stringy with sweat . ”
Except for “ atabrine ” ( a medicine for malaria ) , the words are n’t all that distinctive , but they quietly do the job – they do n’t tell us ; they show us .
Commercial novels sometimes abound with the most revealing examples of this problem .
The boss in Linda Lael Miller ’s Do n’t Look Now is “ drop - dead gorgeous ” ; a former boyfriend is “ seriously fine to look at : 35 , half Irish and half Hispanic , his hair almost black , his eyes brown . ”
A friend , Betsy , is “ a gorgeous , leggy blonde , thin as a model . ”
Careful of that word “ gorgeous ” – used too many times , it might lose its meaning .
AWKWARD PHRASING “ Mrs. Fletcher ’s face pinkened slightly . ”
Whoa .
This is an author trying too hard .
“ I sat down and ran a finger up the bottom of his foot , and he startled so dramatically …. ” Egad , “ he startled ” ?
You mean “ he started ” ?
Awkward phrasing makes the reader stop in the midst of reading and ponder the meaning of a word or phrase .
This you never want as an author .
A rule of thumb – always give your work a little percolatin’ time before you come back to it .
Never write right up to deadline .
Return to it with fresh eyes .
You ’ll spot those overworked tangles of prose and know exactly how to fix them .
One of the new features in the most recent dev-channel release of Google Chrome ( 2.0.160.0 ) is Irregexp , a completely new implementation of regular expressions ( regexps ) in the V8 JavaScript engine .
Irregexp builds on V8's existing infrastructure for memory management and native code generation and is tailored to work well for the kinds of regexps used by JavaScript programs on the web .
The result is a considerable improvement in V8 's regexp performance .
While the V8 team has been working hard to improve JavaScript performance , one part of the language that we have so far not given much attention is regexps .
Our previous implementation was based on the widely used PCRE library developed by Philip Hazel at the University of Cambridge .
The version we used , known as JSCRE , was adapted and improved by the WebKit project for use with JavaScript .
Using JSCRE gave us a regular expression implementation that was compatible with industry standards and has served us well .
However , as we 've improved other parts of the language , regexps started to stand out as being slower than the rest .
We felt it should be possible to improve performance by integrating with our existing infrastructure rather than using an external library .
The SquirrelFish team is following a similar approach with their JavaScript engine .
A fundamental decision we made early in the design of Irregexp was that we would be willing to spend extra time compiling a regular expression if that would make running it faster .
During compilation Irregexp first converts a regexp into an intermediate automaton representation .
This is in many ways the " natural " and most accessible representation and makes it much easier to analyze and optimize the regexp .
For instance , when compiling / Sun|Mon / the automaton representation lets us recognize that both alternatives have an ' n ' as their third character .
We can quickly scan the input until we find an 'n ' and then start to match the regexp two characters earlier .
Irregexp looks up to four characters ahead and matches up to four characters at a time .
After optimization we generate native machine code which uses backtracking to try different alternatives .
Backtracking can be time - consuming so we use optimizations to avoid as much of it as we can .
There are techniques to avoid backtracking altogether but the nature of regexps in JavaScript makes it difficult to apply them in our case , though it is something we may implement in the future .
During development we have tested Irregexp against one million of the most popular webpages to ensure that the new implementation stays compatible with our previous implementation and the web .
We have also used this data to create a new benchmark which is included in version 3 of the V8 Benchmark Suite .
We feel this is a good reflection of what is found on the web .
If you want to try this out , and help us test it in the process , you can subscribe to the dev-channel and if you see problems that might be related to Irregexp consider filing a bug
And BTW , we 'll have sessions on V8 and other Chrome - related topics in May at Google I/O , Google 's largest developer conference .
Posted by Erik Corry , Christian Plesner Hansen and Lasse Reichstein Holst Nielsen , Software Engineers
Preparations for the inauguration ceremony tomorrow for the 44th President of the United States of America have been taking place for months now .
Security , transportation , logistics , sanitation , everything you can think of to accomodate the predicted millions of attendees descending on Washington , D.C. President - elect Obama arrived in Washington by train , starting in Pennsylvania , passing through Wilmington and Baltimore .
Here are some photographs of the various events and preparations taking place heading into tomorrow .
( 31 photos total
Borrowing the " Not in My Name " slogan popularized by anti-war and pro-Palestinian activists , New Zealand 's newborn Creative Freedom Foundation is leading a petition drive to block implementation of copyright legislation slated to take effect at the end of February .
Critics charge that Section 92 of the Copyright ( New Technologies ) Amendment Act , enacted this past April , requires ISPs to act on a principle of " guilt upon accusation , " cutting off the Internet connections of users merely alleged to be violating copyright .
Section 92 has also drawn the ire of New Zealand 's ISPs , under the umbrella of the Telecommunications Carriers ' Forum , which has blasted the reform as " a deeply flawed law that undermines fundamental rights and simply will not work . ”
Jamie Baddeley , who heads the country 's ISP trade association , argues that the legislation , which makes providers legally liable for failing to delete infringing material and disconnect infringers , " has the potential to put some of our smaller innovative members out of business . "
The objections center on two provisions : S92 ( A ) and S92 ( C ) .
The former , which critics characterize as the " guilt upon accusation " provision , is rather vague :
It stipulates that ISPs " must adopt and reasonably implement a policy that provides for termination , in appropriate circumstances , of the account with that Internet service provider of a repeat infringer . "
While this does not literally require disconnection on the basis of mere accusation , neither does the statute establish any process for those charged with infringement to seek redress .
It seems likely that many ISPs , unwilling to risk legal penalties or bear the costs of investigating the validity of copyright claims , will err on the side of disconnection .
Former member of Parliament Judith Tizard , one of the most vocal champions of the bill , dismisses claims that users will be disconnected on the basis of " unsubstantiated accusations " as " fearmongering , " " quite simply untrue , " and " bullshit . "
Yet in radio interviews , she has appeared to acknowledge that users may be cut off without proof of infringement .
" Yes it is easier for ISPs , Internet Service Providers , to cut off anyone who might be breaking the law , " Tizard told station 95 bFM , " but you know , you can go to a library and use the Internet , and you can go to another ISP . "
Tizard has previously characterized Internet access as a " human right . "
The second contentious provision , S92 ( C ) , imposes liability if a service provider " knows or has reason to believe " that material stored on its servers violates copyright and " does not , as soon as possible after becoming aware of the infringing material , delete the material or prevent access to it . "
At least one major ISP , TelestraClear , has already implemented a policy of pulling sites charged with infringement .
" We do n’t check or verify , ” head of corporate services Mathew Bolland has explained to local reporters , “ We take it down . ”
Ars Senior Editor Nate Anderson wrote about the Copyright Amendment
Act last spring , when he argued that its " anti-circumvention " provisions actually compare favorably to those in the American Digital Millenium Copyright Act .
Police and demonstrators have clashed after thousands of protesters took to the streets in France to protest about the government 's handling of the economic crisis .
Gavin Hewitt reports .
It has been a while since we published works of Russian Photoshop Masters .
Today we compensate this and have two posts of two ads photoshopped by Russian bloggers .
Meet part 1 , it was originally a BIC ad .
See the part two in the next post too .
via leprosorium.ru
Palin backlash continues as Republican lawyers head to Alaska to take back her $ 150,000 campaign clothes
Shopping spree : Palin 's wardrobe bill has appalled party insiders
Sarah Palin is sorting through her luggage working out what clothes belong to her and what do not , her spokesman said yesterday .
Meg Stapleton added that the Alaskan governor was coming under unfair attack from a ' firing squad ' of anonymous John McCain staffers in a frenzy of finger - pointing .
' It ’s a circling firing squad , ' said Ms Stapleton .
In a string of damaging briefings , it was claimed that Mrs Palin had spent ' tens of thousands ' more on her clothes than budgeted for , that she once met McCain aides dressed in nothing but a towel and that she did not know Africa was a continent .
She was also unable to name the nations in the vitally important North American Free Trade Agreement .
There are only three - her own , its northern neighbour Canada and its southern neighbour Mexico .
Palin was at home in Alaska and not giving interviews , although she is lined up to speak at length to Fox News on Monday .
She and an aide are sorting through luggage to identify campaign clothes purchased by the Republican National Committee .
The designer clothing , which Palin intends to return so it can be donated to charity , became a damaging election issue that is still haunting the defeated vice - presidential candidate .
But Randy Scheunemann , McCain ’s foreign policy aide , praised Palin and said attacks from other staffers were ' dishonorable ' .
He told The Anchorage Daily News : ' I think it ’s unprecedented in terms of presidential politics to have this level of vindictiveness and pettiness .
It ’s like these people fell out of favour with a middle school 14 - year - old girls ’ clique .
It ’s really unbelievable . '
Much of it is over the Republican National Committee ’s purchase of more than £ 90,000 in clothes for Palin .
Anonymous aides have described it as a Palin shopping spree that went further than previously reported , including staffers using their own credit cards to clothe her .
One McCain aide described the shopping spree in some of America 's most exclusive department stores as ' Wasilla hillbillies looting Neiman Marcus from coast to coast ' .
Divide : Sarah Palin watches as John McCain gives his concession speech and , below , the shoes of the candidates at an earlier rally .
Republican bosses have complained that Mrs Palin and her family spent more on new clothes and shoes than previously reported
According to Newsweek magazine , a party donor who agreed to foot the clothes bill was expecting to pay out up to £ 15,000 .
He was stunned when he received the bill for nearly £ 100,000 .
And that was n't even the whole tab , it was revealed yesterday .
But Stapleton said the campaign brought in a New York stylist to Minneapolis , where Palin was stuck in a hotel suite practising her speech for the Republican National Convention .
The stylist ’s job was to make Palin look vice presidential , Stapleton said , and the campaign went out and bought the clothes , bringing them back for Palin to try on .
The question everyone in America is now asking is what ’s going to happen with the clothes .
The Republican National Committee has said they ’ll be donated to charity .
The New York Times reported anonymous advisers describing the campaign as incredulous about the shopping and saying Republican National Committee lawyers were likely to go to Alaska to conduct an inventory and try to account for all that was spent .
Stapleton said Palin has ' no notice ' of any RNC lawyers coming to town .
She said Palin asked that everything not belonging to her - including clothes - be taken off her campaign plane in Phoenix before she returned to Alaska on Wednesday .
That did n’t happen , according to the Anchorage Daily News , so Palin and another aide were going through the luggage , sorting through what belongs to Palin and what does not .
The clothes are ' not her property .
It ’s the property of either the RNC or the campaign and so they have said it will go to charity .
The governor would love for it to go to an Alaska charity but I do n’t know , " said Ms Stapleton .
Mrs Palin denied the claims of extravagance yesterday , laughing off suggestions that she lived a ' diva lifestyle ' in Alaska .
' The knives are out and Sarah 's getting filleted , ' one U.S. television network reported yesterday .
All dressed up :
The rich and varied wardrobe of Sarah Palin was on full display during her election campaign
Mrs Palin's aides hit back , claiming she was naive about designer labels and outraged when she found out how much her suits and dresses cost .
Spending by staff was reimbursed , they said .
They also revealed she was enraged by leaks from officials dubbing her a ' whack job ' - slang for mad .
Last week 's hoax call from a Canadian comic who convinced her she was talking to French leader Nicolas Sarkozy caused fresh aggravation because she conducted diplomacy on the hoof - and then failed for three days to tell the McCain team she 'd been hoodwinked .
There was a striking metaphor for the doomed partnership when the pair went their separate ways on Wednesday afternoon .
Mr McCain , 72 , drove himself away from their hotel base in Phoenix , Arizona , in his own Toyota .
The Alaska governor tried to counter the backlash against her shopping spree by appearing in jeans on more than one occasion - including , seen here , on the day she voted
But Mrs Palin and 18 family members left in a motorcade stretching to a dozen vehicles flanked by a dozen police motorcycle outriders .
It was more proof , according to McCain aides , that her ambition had stretched way beyond the job in hand as she focused on running for President herself in four years .
She had even intended to deliver her own speech just before Mr McCain 's concession address on Tuesday - an unprecedented move - before being firmly told it was out of the question .
The Republican contenders for president and vice - president barely spoke to each other in the lead - up to election day and indulged in a six - week - civil war , it was claimed .
The ill - fated pair began to fall out only a fortnight later in mid-September , insiders revealed .
This PEP proposes an enhancement to generator expressions , adding a " while " clause to complement the existing " if " clause .
A generator expression ( PEP 289 ) is a concise method to serve dynamically - generated objects to list comprehensions ( PEP 202 ) .
Current generator expressions allow for an " if " clause to filter the objects that are returned to those meeting some set of criteria .
However , since the " if " clause is evaluated for every object that may be returned , in some cases it is possible that all objects would be rejected after a certain point .
For example :
g = ( n for n in range ( 100 ) if n*n < 50 )
which is equivalent to the using a generator function ( PEP 255 ) :
def __gen ( exp ) : for n in exp : if n*n < 50 : yield n g = __gen ( iter ( range ( 10 ) ) )
would yield 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 and 7 , but would also consider the numbers from 8 to 99 and reject them all since n*n >= 50 for numbers in that range .
Allowing for a " while " clause would allow the redundant tests to be short - circuited :
g = ( n for n in range ( 100 ) while n*n < 50 )
would also yield 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 and 7 , but would stop at 8 since the condition ( n*n < 50 ) is no longer true .
This would be equivalent to the generator function :
def __gen ( exp ) : for n in exp : if n*n < 50 : yield n else : break g = __gen ( iter ( range ( 100 ) ) )
Currently , in order to achieve the same result , one would need to either write a generator function such as the one above or use the takewhile function from itertools :
from itertools import takewhile g = takewhile ( lambda n : n*n < 50 , range ( 100 ) )
The takewhile code achieves the same result as the proposed syntax , albeit in a longer ( some would say " less- elegant " ) fashion .
Also , the takewhile version requires an extra function call ( the lambda in the example above ) with the associated performance penalty .
A simple test shows that :
for n in ( n for n in range ( 100 ) if 1 ) : pass
performs about 10 % better than :
for n in takewhile ( lambda n : 1 , range ( 100 ) ) : pass
though they achieve similar results .
( The first example uses a generator ; takewhile is an iterator ) .
If similarly implemented , a " while " clause should perform about the same as the " if " clause does today .
The reader may ask if the " if " and " while " clauses should be mutually exclusive .
There are good examples that show that there are times when both may be used to good advantage .
For example :
p = ( p for p in primes ( ) if p > 100 while p < 1000 )
should return prime numbers found between 100 and 1000 , assuming I have a primes ( ) generator that yields prime numbers .
Adding a " while " clause to generator expressions maintains the compact form while adding a useful facility for short - circuiting the expression .
pytyrant .
A pure - python client library for the Tokyo Tyrant binary protocol ( used to access Tokyo Cabinet databases over a network ) .
The library appears to be developed by Bob Ippolito and the team at Mochi Media .
( CNN ) -- Don Black said he despises Barack Obama .
And he said he believes illegal aliens undermine the economic fabric of the United States .
A cross and swastika are burned at an event called Hated and Proud in Nebraska in July 2008 .
Black , a 55 - year - old former Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard , is n't the only person who holds such firm beliefs , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center , which Thursday released its annual hate group report .
The center 's report , " The Year in Hate , " found the number of hate groups grew by 54 percent since 2000 .
The study identified 926 hate groups -- defined as groups with beliefs or practices that attack or malign an entire class of people -- active in 2008 .
That 's a 4 percent jump , adding 38 more than the year before .
What makes this year 's report different is that hate groups have found two more things to be angry about -- the nation 's first African - American president and an economy that is hemorrhaging jobs .
For the past decade , Latino immigration has fueled the growth of hate groups .
Watch what the family of a hate crime victim has to say »
" We fear these conditions will favor the growth of these groups in the future , " said Mark Potok , director of the Southern Poverty Law Center 's Intelligence Project .
" In the long arch of history , we are definitely moving forward , but these kinds of events can produce backlashes . "
Black claims the number of registered members and readers on his white nationalist Web site surged to unprecedented levels in recent months .
On the day after Obama 's historic election , more than 2,000 people joined his Web site , a remarkable increase from the approximately 80 new members a day he was getting , Black said .
His Web site , which was started in 1995 , is one of the oldest and largest hate group sites .
The site received so many hits that it crashed after election results were announced .
The site boasts 110,000 registered members today , Black said .
" People who had been a little more complacent and kind of upset became more motivated to do something , " said Black , who also said he joined his first hate group at age 15 .
Hate groups cited by the law center include white nationalists as well as neo-Confederates , neo - Nazis , skinheads , Klansman and black separatists .
Skinheads and Klansman saw an increase in membership , while neo - Nazi groups saw a slight decline , according to the law center 's report .
Most of the hate groups are located in the South , but the state with the highest number of documented hate groups is California with 84 .
Obama serves as a " visual aid " that is helping respark a sense of purpose in current supporters and lure new members , said neo -Nazi David Duke , the former Klan leader who was elected to the Louisiana House of Representatives in the 1980s .
Duke said he fears " the white European - American " heritage will soon be destroyed .
He added that his Web site sees around 40,000 unique visitors a day , up from 15,000 a day before Obama won the election .
Racist anger toward Obama was evident even before he became president .
Two weeks before Obama won , authorities said they foiled a skinhead plot to assassinate him .
The two suspects , based in Tennessee , also apparently planned to shoot and decapitate dozens of African - Americans , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives said .
Police say a man in Brockton , Massachusetts , allegedly targeted minorities after President Obama 's inauguration .
They say the man raped a woman , killed her sister and another man after several months of researching white supremacist groups on the Internet .
White supremacist groups have gained traction , a reversal from the decline the groups experienced since 2000 , according to the law center report .
One of the smaller Ku Klux Klan groups , the United Northern and Southern Knights , more than doubled its chapters , widening its geographic reach from eight to 24 states , according to the report .
The image of a black man in the White House angers white racists , who fear nonwhites gaining too much power , said Jack Glaser , associate professor of public policy at the University of California - Berkeley .
But racist fears can also be more mundane and personal : Nonwhites in the White House could lead to nonwhites in their neighborhoods , which could lead to interracial dating , a great taboo among hate groups .
" Obama poses a large cultural threat to white racists , " Glaser said .
" This may explain some of the uptick in hate groups . "
Immigrants are another target of hate groups , according to the report .
In a deteriorating economy , illegal immigrants have been blamed by hate groups for allegedly taking subprime loans , according to the report .
Scapegoating occurs most often in times of economic distress , according to experts studying hate crimes .
From the Holocaust in Europe to abuses against Irish Catholic immigrants in the 1830s in the United States , people are most likely to lash out against others when they feel vulnerable or need to displace their economic frustrations on others , psychologists say .
In the city of Detroit , Michigan , where the weak economy has taken a particularly devastating toll , Jeff Schoep serves as the commander for the National Socialist Movement , one of the largest neo -Nazi groups in the United States .
Schoep said he has seen membership grow by 40 percent in recent months , mostly because of the dire economic circumstances .
It is the " most dramatic growth " he has seen since he joined the movement in the mid-1990s .
The group does not reveal membership numbers to the media , he said .
" You have an American work force facing massive unemployment , " Schoep said .
" And you have presidents and politicians flinging open the borders telling them to take the few jobs left while our men are in soup kitchens . "
Experts studying hate crimes say there is no reliable way to link the growing number of hate groups with an increase in hate crimes , since many of the attacks go unreported .
The FBI 's uniform crime report found 7,163 hate crime incidents in 2005 .
However , a special report by the government that same year said the number could be 10 times higher because many of the crimes are n't reported .
The most recent FBI statistics in 2007 saw a slight uptick in hate crimes to 7,624 .
Some hate groups such as the National Socialist Movement do not publicly condone violence or terrorist acts .
" Violence is absolutely counterproductive , " said Duke , the former Louisiana legislator and neo -Nazi .
But experts say there is a link between joining a hate group and committing violent crimes .
Last week in New Orleans , Louisiana , a grand jury indicted four people in the alleged shooting of a woman who tried to leave a Ku Klux Klan initiation , the Southern Poverty Law Center reported .
More commonly , members of hate groups engage in vandalism such as an incident in Los Angeles , California , this month where vandals slashed tires and sprayed the word " Nazi " on two cars and a house , according to the center .
The attack occurred in a neighborhood with signs displaying support for Obama .
Dr. Alvin F. Poussaint , a professor of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School who studied the issue of hate crimes , said people in hate groups can feel paranoid about a specific group of people .
This panic leads them to feel threatened , and they may react with violence , he said .
Alternately , individuals in a hate group may sometimes transplant their own personal rage onto a particular group that has no real connection to the cause of that rage , he said .
" Their thinking is very distorted , " Poussaint said .
CNN 's Stephen Samaniego contributed to this report .
All About Hate Crimes • Southern Poverty Law Center
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The hot pink press packet that arrived at the office promised that “ Your boyfriend does n’t need to know . ”
What does n’t your boyfriend need to know ?
Well , that you eat chocolate , of course .
That ’s between you and your “ chocolate finger , ” as the marketing copy termed the two Twix - like bars being rolled out in the US by Mars under the name “ Fling . ”
( The candy ’s been out in Australia since 2007 . )
In addition to tapping into the under - utilized market of paranoid heterosexual women whose eating habits are monitored by their boyfriends ( it ’s a well - documented fact that lesbians hate candy ) , Mars has shrewdly incorporated sparkles into an advertising campaign that relies heavily on women ’s love for the color pink .
( Fling ’s website is a tidal wave of the color , punctuated with silhouettes of short - skirted , high - heeled Fling aficionados , one of whom appears to have a handbag falling right out of her vagina . )
While it ’s a given that women are more likely to buy things when they are pink , such as tools and cars , sparkles are oft ignored .
It ’s not just Fling ’s website that sparkles , but the bar itself .
“ The shimmer , ” reads the FAQ on Fling ’s website , “ is actually a [ sic ] FDA approved mineral called Mica , that shimmers and is used occasionally by specialty chocolatiers to add a unique and attractive sparkle to gourmet chocolate . ”
Popularly known as Vitamin S ( for Sparkle ) , Mica is also used in makeup , and in toothpaste , where it acts as a mild abrasive that helps whiten teeth .
Yum !
Predictably , one of the hot selling points for the Fling bar is that “ at under 85 calories per finger , it ’s slim , but not skinny .
Indulgent but not greedy .
Naughty but nice . ”
In other words , the candy perfectly straddles the contradictions of the angel / whore dilemma in a way its intended female consumers never will .
The bars were even promoted in Australia with a 2007 television commercial in which a princess bids a morning adieu to her prince in what can only be read as a post - one - night - stand kiss - off , before shutting the door and gobbling up a Fling .
“ Forever is overrated , ” warbles a flock of cartoon birds .
While it ’s tempting to embrace the commercial as a sign of society ’s acceptance of sexually empowered women , it ’s even more tempting to wonder why the only reason one ever sees a woman on - screen go unpunished for her libidinous ways is when someone is trying to sell women something .
The commercial has n’t been attached to any of the US marketing , but the ad copy is just as suggestive .
The PR packages that went out to media outlets contained sheer T - shirts that read “ Try It In Public , ” equating the act of women consuming sweets in front of other people with being as taboo as committing sex acts in front of them .
Couple this with the oppressive pinkness of the campaign , and one is left wondering when marketers will figure out that in order to make women buy things , they do not have to , literally , shove sparkles down their throats .
DALLAS – When jurors deliberate the fate of five former officials at the Holy Land Foundation for Relief and Development ( HLF ) , they 'll have something jurors in last year 's mistrial did n't have .
On Monday , U.S. District Judge Jorge A. Solis admitted into evidence three exhibits from the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) that were seized by Israeli soldiers in 2002 .
Among them is a letter to the head of the PA General Intelligence office identifying the Ramallah Zakat committee as belonging to Hamas .
That 's significant because the Ramallah committee is among the Palestinian charities that received HLF contributions .
The defendants are charged with conspiring to provide material support to Hamas by routing millions of dollars to the terrorist group through a group of charities known as zakat committees .
The evidence was admitted after attorneys argued outside the jury 's presence Monday morning .
After that , an Israeli intelligence officer testifying under the pseudonym " Major Lior , " discussed how some of the evidence was obtained .
Israel raided PA offices after a spate of terrorist attacks in Israel , he said .
He did not describe the documents in detail .
The exhibits were excluded as hearsay from the first HLF trial , which ended in a mistrial a year ago after jurors failed to reach unanimous verdicts on most counts .
But since then , the PA shut down the zakat committees , saying they were tied to Hamas .
In a brief filed before the retrial , prosecutors argued the Palestinian Authority validated the evidence because its actions closing the committees last December was " an effort to take control of the Hamas social infrastructure .
Hamas correctly interpreted the PA measures as an attack on its charitable institutions . "
According to the prosecution 's exhibit list , the newly admitted evidence also includes a document on Hamas funding sources found inside PA General Security West Bank offices and an intelligence report about Hamas and the affiliation of members of the Ramallah zakat committee .
The rest of the day was spent on the cross-examination of Mohamed Shorbagi , a former HLF fundraiser .
He pleaded guilty in August 2006 to providing material support to Hamas by routing money to HLF .
Defense attorneys challenged Shorbagi 's credibility as a witness , while the prosecution tried to show there were consequences if Shorbagi was found to have lied on the stand .
Joshua Dratel , attorney for defendant Mohammed El - Mezain , offered a series of examples of lies and misrepresentations he said Shorbagi made to government officials .
For example , when Shorbagi 's memory seemed fuzzy about a conversation with FBI agents that occurred before he was indicted , Dratel approached the stand to show Shorbagi a transcript of the conversation .
Shorbagi did n't dispute it , acknowledging it showed him telling agents he was " pro Carter , pro Reagan , and pro Bush . "
Dratel then asked if he was pretending to be supportive of the U.S. presidents to " get on the agents ' good side . "
Shorbagi also denied viewing computer files related to Fatah and Hamas , a lie easily discovered upon further investigation .
Shorbagi said he was frightened for his family at the time .
Since then , he said , he realized he could n't get away with lying to federal investigators and has been truthful .
Attorneys pursued Shorbagi 's politics in other ways .
He favors a two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , which Hamas opposes , and he said he opposes suicide bombings .
But Shorbagi said he still favors Hamas because of its humanitarian work , and that he trusts money sent to Hamas , not the PA - affiliated Fatah movement , will go towards helping the needy in Palestine .
Greg Westfall , who represents defendant Abdulrahman Odeh , asked Shorbagi about his stated support for notorious Hamas bomb - maker Yehya Ayyash , known as " the engineer . "
Though he facilitated suicide bombings , Ayyash was a hero , Shorbagi said .
" You just told us Ayyash was a great person , " Westfall said .
" Why was he a great person ? "
Because he resisted occupation , Shorbagi answered .
Westfall then asked if " Taking care of the needy is a way of resisting the occupation ? "
Shorbagi agreed it was .
" Helping Palestinian people out , that is what is important ? "
Westfall asked .
Shorbagi agreed .
On re-direct examination , federal prosecutor James Jacks asked Shorbagi what would happen if officials learned he provided false testimony or other misleading information .
He , his wife and children would be deported , Shorbagi said , and likely would end up back in Gaza and subjected to Hamas security .
Would that cause him concern for his security ?
Jacks asked .
" Yes , sir , " Shorbagi said .
Jacks also tried to show Shorbagi has learned his lesson in dealing with the government ; he ended his cross examination by asking Shorbagi if he thought that " Following the law was important . "
Shorbagi calmly leaned into the microphone and quietly said , " I think that 's why I 'm in jail , sir . "
More information about the zakat committees , and possibly more evidence seized from PA offices , could come later this week when a second Israeli official is expected to testify .
The Obama administration is reluctant to turn over too many rocks in the Bush administration ’s conduct in the War on Terror .
Obama has pledged to reach a post - partisan nirvana , and Republicans could condemn any investigation of Bush administration abuse of the republic as a partisan witch - hunt .
Also , the Obama administration has a conflict of interest in pursuing investigations and prosecutions against Bush administration officials because now that Obama is president , he may not want to entirely discredit Bush ’s precedents , which significantly expanded executive powers .
Yet in the expanse of human history , the existence of republican government has been rare and short - lived by comparison .
Even in recent years , when republicanism has spread the farthest , we forget how fragile the experiment is .
The stakes are high , and the Obama administration needs to beat down the autocratic precedents left by the previous administration .
The only way it can do so is by bringing criminal cases against the high level perpetrators .
This action will not be bipartisan , and the Republicans will rally and claim that Bush and his advisers had good intentions and were just attempting to protect the country in the wake of the September 11 attacks .
But the rule of law and constitutional protections are needed most to protect citizens when the government is wielding power to respond to a security crisis .
Furthermore , even if you rob a bank and give the proceeds to charity ( and the Bush administration ’s intentions were n’t even that charitable ) , you are still guilty of robbing the bank .
Dick Cheney still maintains that the Bush administration did n’t torture anyone .
But the vice president ’s definition of that term is narrow and , well , tortured .
Now that even Susan J. Crawford , the senior Bush administration official in charge of that administration ’s kangaroo military commissions , used the " t " word to describe what the administration did to one prisoner , the administration admitted to committing a war crime under international law .
Therefore , a criminal investigation must be launched because the same techniques used on that prisoner  isolation , sleep deprivation , threats by attack dogs , exposure to prolonged cold , and sexual and other humiliations  were used on many other detainees in U.S. custody .
And the investigation must involve all relevant officials , including George W. Bush and Dick Cheney .
Astonishingly , Bush recently admitted that he had approved all " extraordinary " techniques used on detainees .
The United States has committed illegal acts of torture before  for example , during the Philippine counterinsurgency at the beginning of the last century and by the CIA during the Vietnam era  but this episode is unique and dangerous because the president has admitted that his approval was given .
So not only has an administration official admitted a war crime but so has the president .
Waterboarding  simulated drowning  was not mentioned by Crawford in the case of that specific prisoner , but the administration has used it on at least three high profile detainees , and it has been considered a war crime for centuries .
The interrogation techniques that President Bush admitted approving included waterboarding .
Bush made this admission to boldly defend his record on the subject and probably felt secure in doing so because he feels immune from prosecution .
After Gerald Ford ’s horrible and unconstitutional precedent of pardoning Richard Nixon even before he could be indicted for his Watergate crimes ( the Constitution says that you must be convicted of a crime before getting a pardon ) , presidents and former presidents could n’t be blamed for feeling that they were immune from prosecution .
This demonstrates the pernicious effects of a bad prior precedent .
And what about investigating and possibly prosecuting Bush for intentionally violating another statute with criminal penalties  the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) .
The act said that all spying on people living in the United States will be done with a warrant obtained from the secret FISA court .
President Bush deliberately flouted the law and Constitution ( the Fourth Amendment in the Bill of Rights implies that warrants are needed for all searches , with no exception mentioned for cases of national security ) by not seeking warrants and continuing to ignore the need to do this even after being publicly exposed .
Bush perpetrated this crime and then defended it by reference to an expansive theory of presidential power called the unitary executive theory .
Bush believes that in wartime ( the legality of this designation is also suspect because , after 9/11 , no declaration of war on any party was ever approved by Congress ) , a president can ignore laws passed by Congress .
If the president is allowed to do so without prosecution , it implicitly throws constitutional checks and balances out the window and effectively puts the country on the road to dictatorship .
Of course , violating the Constitution is more serious than violating a law with criminal penalties , but curiously , in America , presidents can get into more severe trouble for violating the law .
Thus , although seemingly radical , the only way we can prevent future presidents , including Obama , from capitalizing on Bush ’s illegal and unconstitutional precedents to expand executive authority towards dictatorship is to investigate , prosecute , and discredit these abuses of executive power .
The Obama administration , with the complicity of Congress , will probably try to establish a truth commission that will expose , but not prosecute , such crimes .
But this is not enough to discredit these vile precedents .
Investigation and prosecution are needed , and are now harder for these parties to avoid with Ms. Crawford ’s and Bush ’s public admissions .
Oil is relatively cheap , supplies are more than ample ( some analysts fear we 're awash in crude ) , so why am I paying more at the gas pump than I was a month ago ?
Today the national average for regular unleaded gasoline hit $ 1.90 a gallon , the highest price we 've seen since last November .
Retail gasoline prices have risen more than 30 cents since the beginning of the year , up nearly 14 percent , while oil prices have fallen about 13 percent in that same time period .
And the price at the pump ..?
CNBC Investor Tools :
Price gouging by Big Oil ?
Not so fast .
Traditionally , gasoline supplies start to decline from February to May , as refiners switch their processing systems from making the winter grade of gasoline to the summer grade and make room for the summer fuel , explains John Felmy , chief economist at the American Petroleum Institute .
As a result , gasoline prices start to rise during this time .
Yes , demand is lower than it was a year ago , but the latest data from the U.S. Energy Department shows it 's only down about 0.5 percent over the past four weeks compared to the same period a year ago .
There seems to have been a slowdown in the decline , and expectations are for demand to ramp up by the summer , even if it 's not as strong as it has been in years past .
Meanwhile , due to the decline in demand , refiners have already planned to scale back operations during this traditional " turnaround " season a bit earlier and extend maintenance operations a bit longer .
Many analysts , including Stephen Schork of the well - regarded industry newsletter The Schork Report , point to the refiners lack of production , particularly on the East Coast , as a major reason for the rally we 've seen in gasoline futures over the past couple of days .
Schork calls it " production destruction " and says it 's likely to last well into March , with wholesale gasoline futures well - supported as a result .
Indeed , RBOB gasoline futures traded at the New York Mercantile Exchange have risen 10 percent in the past month , and that 's a much better indicator of what we 'll be paying at the pump than crude oil prices .
For years , Australian wines were the toast of Europe and the US , leading the " New World " challenge to the industry 's traditional strongholds in France , Germany and Italy .
Now the bubble has burst , and many wine - makers who joined the industry during the good times are contemplating tearing up their vines .
Last year , exports of Australian wine fell by 18 per cent in value , and 11 per cent in volume .
In the key markets of Britain and the US , the value of imports fell by 18 and 26 per cent respectively .
Global economic gloom is the killer factor , but the industry – worth A$ 2.4bn ( £ 1.13 bn ) a year – was already heading downhill because of a massive wine glut and Australia 's prolonged drought .
And there is another problem : image .
For years , Australian wines have been marketed as an inexpensive , easy - drinking tipple .
Yet much of the wine produced here does not fit that description .
And some experts believe the industry is 25 per cent too big .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The 2008 export figures , from the Australian Wine and Brandy Corporation , the government marketing agency , are the first setback for the industry in 15 years .
In that time , Australian reds and whites comfortably established themselves as reliable , low - risk choices .
But in November , exports dropped by 26.3 per cent over a month .
Domestic sales fell , with Australian retail chains discounting wine heavily because of the glut .
" A lot of growers have said they are just going to let the fruit drop and not even bother to pick it , " Winsor Dobbin , wine writer for the Sun - Herald newspaper , reported .
The crisis has hit when , ironically , Australia 's vignerons were expecting one of the best harvests for years , thanks to rare good rains and a hot summer .
One vineyard , Doonkuna Winery , in a cool - climate wine - growing region north of Canberra , tripled production capacity last year in anticipation of soaring demand from China .
Doonkuna 's chief wine - maker , Bruce March , said : " We set up to produce all this wine .
We spent a lot of money , and then bang , the financial crisis hit us . "
China , which is starting to acquire a taste for wine , was a bright spot in last year 's export figures .
It imported 32 per cent more Australian wine , but from a low base .
Mr March said : " Now we 're tightening belts and we 're into survival mode . "
Tim Kirk , who runs the Clonakilla winery , not far from Doonkuna , believes the industry faces a period of reckoning .
He said : " We 've had massive success with an approach of good wine , good price , cheap and cheerful , sunshine in a bottle .
But in some respects that 's been the seeds of our undoing .
Rather than compete on good wine , great price , we need to focus on regionality , on great wine at maybe a good price .
Australia produces world - beating whites and reds , but that is not , generally , how its wines are viewed overseas . "
Mr Kirk added : " We have ancient soils , every bit capable of standing shoulder to shoulder with the great wines of Europe .
Australia needs to grow up . "
Some experts believe that the industry is 25 per cent too big , with newcomers having jumped on the bandwagon in times of plenty .
Now too many people are producing too much wine , some of indifferent quality .
Mr March said : " I reckon a few growers round here will be pulling out vines by the end of the year . "
Cheney , Gonzales indictments dropped RAW STORY
Published : Monday December 1 , 2008
Print This Email This A judge in Raymondville , Texas has dropped indictments against Vice President Dick Cheney and former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales .
Judge Manuel Banales , after surviving a motion to have him removed from the case , threw out eight of the indictments brought by Willacy County District Attorney Juan Guerra , including those against two special prosecutors , two district judges , and a district clerk .
Judge Banales ruled the grand jury returned the indictments against Cheney and Gonzales unlawfully .
Banales also tossed an indictment for corruption against State Senator Eddie Lucio Jr. , a Democrat .
Charges were brought against Vice President Cheney and former AG Gonzales for blocking the investigation into a prisoner 's murder in a private prison in Raymondville .
Mr Blackmore is said to acknowledge having an extensive family Canadian police have charged the leaders of two rival religious sects in an isolated community with polygamy .
Winston Blackmore was alleged to have had 20 wives , while James Oler is accused of having had two .
Canadian law outlaws the practice .
The two men lead fundamentalist breakaway Mormon sects in the town of Bountiful in British Columbia province .
Mainstream Mormons gave up polygamy in the 1890s so Utah could enter the US .
But the sect members believe that a man must have multiple wives to enter heaven .
Rival groups
The case was the first test of Canada 's polygamy 's laws , said British Columbia 's attorney general , Wally Oppal .
" This has been a very complex issue , " he said .
" It 's been with us for well over 20 years .
The problem has always been the defence of religion has always been raised . "
Mr Blackmore , 52 , ran the Canadian branch of the Utah - based Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - Day Saints ( FLDS ) until 2003 when he was removed by that group 's leader , Warren Jeffs .
James
Oler then took charge of Bountiful 's FLDS congregation and Mr Blackmore went on to lead a rival group .
Abuse allegations
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police began investigating allegations of polygamy in the mountain community of Bountiful in 2005 and recommended charging the two men and possibly others .
Two subsequent reviews by special prosecutors said the government should get a court ruling on the constitutionality of Canada 's Victorian - era polygamy laws before pressing charges - in case they were dismissed as going against freedom of religion laws .
A third special prosecutor , appointed by Mr Oppal in 2008 , reviewed the cases and recommended pressing charges .
The issue is complicated by allegations of sexual abuse related to the marriage of underage girls to older men .
Former residents of Bountiful have alleged for more than 20 years that underage girls were being married to older men .
RCMP Sgt Tim Shields said the force 's investigation showed some girls were married " well before the age of 18 " .
Mr Jeffs , the FLDS 's American leader , is in jail in Arizona awaiting trial on charges of being an accomplice to sexual conduct with a minor linked to the sect 's practice of marrying young girls to church leaders .
He has been convicted in Utah of being an accessory to rape for performing a wedding between a 19 - year - old man and a 14 - year - old girl .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
UH-oh !
This profile does not have an Email Address @ Pro-Polygamy.net .
All working Personal Ads must be with a vaild Email Address @ Pro-Polygamy.net .
If this was YOUR Personal Ad ,
you will need to create a NEW Profile , registered with your valid Email Address @ Pro-Polygamy.net
If you do not have such an Email Address @ Pro-Polygamy .
net yet , you may order one there at any time .
Once you do that , you will be free to add a Profile here !
Please try again .
[ Home ]
[ UPDATE : SHOE SCULPTURE REMOVED ON ORDERS FROM LOCAL AUTHORITIES ]
Saddam ’s hometown unveils statue dedicated to man who threw shoe at President Bush
nydailynews
BY DAVE GOLDINER – DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER
A statue dedicated to the man who threw his shoes at President Bush has been erected in Tikrit , Saddam Hussein ’s hometown .
Many Iraqis considered it poetic justice when a journalist tossed his shoes at President George W. Bush last month .
Now the bizarre attack has spawned a real life work of art .
A sofa -sized statue of the shoe was unveiled Thursday in Tikrit , the hometown of the former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein .
Baghdad - based artist Laith al - Amari described the fiberglass - and - copper work as a tribute to the pride of the Iraqi people .
The statue is inscribed with a poem honoring Muntadhar al - Zeidi , the Iraqi journalist who stunned the world when he whipped off his loafers and hurled them at Bush during a press conference on Dec. 14 .
In the Arab world , even showing someone the sole of a shoe is considered a sign of disrespect .
Al - Zeidi was charged with assaulting a foreign leader , but his lawyer is asking prosecutors to reduce the charges .
The trial has been delayed .
The shoe attack spawned a flood of Web quips , satire and even street rallies across the Arab world , where Bush is widely reviled for starting the war in Iraq and backing Israel against the Palestinians .
A Turkish shoemaking company also claimed its sales skyrocketed after some reports said it made the shoes that al - Zeidi tossed at Bush .
( Source )
GENOA , Italy , Feb. 16 ( UPI ) -- Atheists ' first rolling advertisement in Italy got off to an ignominious start Monday when the bus touting their doubt in God , perhaps inexplicably , conked out .
No sooner had the bus -- carrying the message " The Good News Is There Are Millions of Atheists In Italy ; The Excellent News Is They Believe In Freedom Of Expression " -- headed out onto the streets of Genoa than it developed a battery problem and had to head back to the depot for repairs , ANSA reported .
Advertisement
'' By pure chance , '' a member of the Italian Union of Atheists , Agnostics and Rationalists told the Italian news agency , '' the vehicle left the depot bright and early but had to go straight back because of a ' curious ' problem with the batteries . "
It was the second setback for the group , which earlier altered its message because of opposition by religious protesters .
Originally , the message was to have been " The Bad News Is God Does n't Exist .
The Good News Is You Don't Need Him . "
The bus advertising is to go on for a month in Genoa and possibly spread to other Italian cities .
The campaign follows similar efforts in Washington , London and Barcelona , Spain .
The campaign has also used the slogan : '' There 's probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy your life . "
However I am not in this business to achieve high page rankings , the aim of this page is to show that an old school approach to accessing the Gmail servers with a collection of high quality Linux utilities still has a place .
Certainly I have been using variations of the techniques described on this page to collect my email for over a decade now .
And now , if you are interested Gentle Reader , I will show you how you can do it too !
When I first created this page back in 2008 using the Gmail servers to collect your email with tools such as Mutt or Alpine was considered pretty cool and this page was quite popular .
Times have changed somewhat and the rise of the gui email clients , the arrival of IMAP access to Gmail and the lack of interest by many Linux users in digging too deep have all contributed to a drop in interest in a page which still proposes this ' old school ' approach !
All the steps ...
In sequence there are four applications that need to be installed and appropriately configured to download the mail , sort it , read it and then send a reply via Gmail .
But first some settings will have to be made via the Gmail gui .
Log in using the gui interface and ferret out the following settings :
POP Forwarding :
You will have to tell Gmail that you want to use POP3 access rather than IMAP .
This setting can be found under Settings -->
Forwarding and POP / IMAP --> POP Download .
Delete Email : Just underneath the option above is another that gives you a few options with what to do with the email on the remote server after it has been accessed via POP3 .
I select ' delete GMail 's copy ' .
Allow ' less secure apps ' :
You will have to allow Gmail to be accessed by ' less secure apps ' as this includes Mutt !
The relevant link is here ...
Now the gui can be shut down and the more satisfying work with configuration files can commence .
Receiving the mail ...
For a very long period of time I used Fetchmail to collect my mail from Gmail but now in late 2019 I can see that there has not been a new release of Fetchmail in 6 years , April 23rd 2013 .
When I looked for alternatives I realised that Charles Cazabon 's getmail not only has a fairly amazing vintage with the first release in 1998 but a recent release in early 2019 .
So I took it for a whirl and I have been very happy with it and as a bonus getmail is installed as part of a full Slackware installation .
The configuration file for Gmail is simple , and lives on my sytem in /home / andrew/.getmail/getmailrc :
#----------------------------------#
# Some simple GMail Settings : # #----------------------------------# [ retriever ] type = SimplePOP3SSLRetriever ca_certs = /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt server = pop.gmail.com username = xxxxxxxxxxxxxx@gmail.com port = 995 password = xxxxxxxxxx [ destination ] type = MDA_external path = /usr / bin / maildrop unixfrom =
True [ options ] verbose = 2 message_log_verbose = true message_log = ~/.getmail.log #
Add some headers to all messages , specifically : # 1 . Delivered - To : header field ( disabled as it does not work here ) # 2 . Received : header field ( enabled ) delivered _to = false received = true #
Delete from remote server after download : delete = true
Note that I have munged my personal details , you will have to place your own details in place .
Only other note of importance is that getmail hands off to my ' Mail Delivery Agent ' ( MDA ) rather than delivering directly to the mail spool .
Note as well that although I have specified the location of the Slackware ca-certs installation I believe that no checking of the remote certificate takes place .
But now to sort out the MDA .
Sorting the mail ...
For more than a decade I used procmail as an MDA and procmail is indeed one of the oldest GNU utilities with the first release in 1990 .
Predating Linux itself !
However in 2021 there will be 2 decades with no work on procmail and even an email from the developer himself warning users away so again I have looked for a replacement .
I did not have to look hard as the obvious substitute is maildrop and the latest version ( released on September 2018 ) was easily compiled and installed from SBo .
Looks like the previous script maintainer is not interested in updating so I will become the maintainer in the next week or so !
I cobbled together a relatively straightforward / home / andrew / . mailfilter file :
#-------------------------------------------#
#
Andrew 's very basic mailfilters ... #
#-------------------------------------------# DEFAULT=/var/spool/mail/andrew MAILBOX=" $ HOME /mail / mailboxes " SENDMAIL= " /usr/bin/msmtp " logfile " $ HOME/.mailfilter.log " #--
Sort out the mailing lists ... --# if (/ ^List - Id:.*ffmpeg-user.ffmpeg.org >/ ) to $ MAILBOX / ffmpeg if (/ ^List - Id:.* slackbuilds-users.slackbuilds.org >/ ) to $ MAILBOX / slackbuilds if (/ ^List - Id:.*mutt.org >/ ) to $ MAILBOX / mutt #-- Some frequent Forums ... --# if (/ ^From:.*forum@linuxquestions.org >/ ) to $ MAILBOX / linuxquestions #-- cc syntax ... --# if (/ ^From:.*@iinet.net.au >/) { cc " !xxxxxxxxxxxxx@gmail.com " }
The cognoscenti may notice that my mail setup is a little idiosyncratic in that I deliver all mail to my spool at / var / spool / mail / andrew and deliver much of it to mailboxes in $ HOME / mail / mailboxes .
Many variations of this are possible but this one works well for me .
I have included a sample of the ability of maildrop to automagically email to another address when correctly filtered , this works beautifully with msmtp .
But now to lay hands on mutt itself !
Reading the mail ...
Slackware is well served with mutt packages and a full installation of Slackware will always hold the very latest version .
In late 2019 this means version 1.12.1 which comes complete with the sidebar , which I confess that I tried to like for some time and then stopped using it .
I give a very brief sample $ HOME /. muttrc file below but you would be better to ' roll your own ' as there are so many choices to make !
Have a look , Gentle Reader , in the docs section of your mutt installation and you will see the file sample .
muttrc and a scattering of other sample configuration files that will get you well started .
But as well here is a simplified and munged version of my own . muttrc file :
######################################################
# # # Andrew's .muttrc # # # ######################################################
###
The basics # ## set realname = " andrew " set from = " xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx@gmail.com " set use_from = yes set envelope_from = " yes " set signature= " ~/.signature " set sendmail= " /usr/bin/msmtp " #
Use msmtp rather than sendmail set spoolfile= / var / spool / mail / andrew # Conventional spool setting ### Mailboxes # ## set mbox_type=mbox # Choice of mbox or maildir set folder= " ~/ mail / mailboxes " # Contains all the mailboxes set record= " + sent " #
Where to store sent messages set postponed= " + postponed " #
Where to store draft messages set move=no #
Do n't move mail from the spool when closing mutt set sort_browser=alpha #
Sort mailboxes by alpha( bet ) #
Watch these mailboxes which will get mail delivered automatically by # the maildrop filters , otherwise their mail may be missed !
mailboxes !
+ linuxquestions + ffmpeg + slackbuilds +mutt ###
Show which headers ?
# ## ignore * unignore Date : From : User - Agent : X - Mailer X - Operating - System X - User - Agent : To : \ Cc : Reply - To : Subject : Mail - Followup - To : hdr_order Date : From : User - Agent : X - Mailer X - Operating - System X - User - Agent : To : \ Cc : Reply - To : Subject : Mail - Followup - To : # Use vim with 70 character width and put cursor in first blank line set editor= " vim -c ' set tw=70 et ' '+/^$ ' " set edit_headers=yes #
See the headers when editing set hostname=`hostname -- fqdn` #
Set right hand side of MID ### Taming HTML Messages # ## set mailcap_path= " ~/mail/mutt/mutt_mailcap " auto_view text / html # Automatically parse html messages through w3 m auto_view text / x- vcard # vcard attachments viewed through mutt.vcard.
filter set implicit_autoview=yes #
Load in pager if setting in . mailcap says ' copiousoutput ' .
### Aliases # ## set sort_alias=alias #
Sort aliases in alpha order by alias name set alias_file= ~ / mail / .mail_aliases # where I keep my aliases ### Colours # ## # ( default , white , black , green , magenta , blue , cyan , yellow , red ) # ( bright ... ) # ( color1 , color2 , ..., colorN -1 ) # #---- -- Mutt Colors for Black Background
------- #
Object Foreground Background color hdrdefault yellow black color quoted blue black color signature blue black color attachment red black color message brightred black color error brightred black color indicator black yellow color status white blue color tree white black color normal white black color markers red black color search white black color tilde brightmagenta black color index blue black ~F color index white black " ~N|~O " # ## Lists # ## lists slackbuilds - users abcde-users ffmpeg - user mutt - user subscribe slackbuilds - users abcde-users ffmpeg - user mutt - user set followup_to=yes #
Sets the Mail - Followup - To header for lists set honor_followup_to=yes # Honours the Mail - Followup - To header in replies ###
View my own posts in list 's folder using fcc # ## fcc - hook slackbuilds - users + slackbuilds fcc - hook abcde - user + abcde fcc - hook mplayer - users + mplayer fcc - hook ffmpeg - user + ffmpeg # Macros macro index , pager I '< shell - escape > getmail < enter > ' #
Checks the mail macro attach s " < save-entry > < bol > $ HOME / downloads /<eol > " # Alters ' save ' path for attachments ### Odds and ends # ## set markers=no # mark wrapped lines of text in the pager with a + set smart_wrap #
Do n't wrap mid-word set pager_context=5 # Retain last line of previous page when scrolling .
set status_on_top # Status bar on top push < show - version > #
Shows mutt version at startup set check_new=yes #
Check for new mail set sort=threads source ~/ mail / mutt / crypto # Crazy PGP stuff
I have retreated more than a little from a much more ornate configuration file and this one is a little more simplified for presentation here .
But it is a usable configuration file and specifically created to match in with the configuration of the other 3 utilities being used in this sequence .
And now to the final piece in this jigsaw : msmtp .
Sending the mail ...
Although I am somewhat tempted by postfix , in particular as Slackware has removed sendmail as default and placed postfix instead , msmtp is a better choice for the simple task of sending mail via Gmail .
A single configuration file is required for msmtp $ HOME / . msmtprc and the following section gives the required details to access Gmail and reference the required certificate :
#----------------------------------------------------#
# # # Andrews 's msmtprc setup with a nod to the Arch # # wiki , Debian pages , the msmtp man pages etc etc. # # # #----------------------------------------------------# #
Set default values for all accounts : defaults auth on tls on tls_starttls on tls_trust_file
/etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt logfile ~/.msmtp.log # Gmail Account : account gmail host smtp.gmail.com port 587 from xxxxxxxxxx@gmail.com user xxxxxxxxxx@gmail.com password xxxxxxxxxx #
Set a default account : account default : gmail #
Check it all out : # echo " Hello there " | msmtp -- debug xxxxxxxxxxxx@gmail.com
There are no great mysteries in this file which can be found pretty much anywhere on the Internet these days .
It has worked robustly for me with both mutt and maildrop but if there are any trouble I have included a little debugging line at the base of the configuration file .
Reward Time !
Finally it is reward time as you open Mutt , type !
to open a shell prompt , type in getmail -v and start reading your mail !
My parting gift to you , Gentle Reader , is a little macro that was written for me by a generous person on the mutt - user mailing list that will actually do this for you when you simply press " I " .
I have already placed this macro in my sample . muttrc file above but here it is again :
macro index , pager I '< shell - escape > getmail < enter >'
I wish you all the best with this , remembering that I have used small variations of this technique for more than a decade now and it has served me very , very well .
I hope that you also have a great experience with these marvelous Linux command line tools !
PHILADELPHIA , Jan. 13 ( UPI ) --
In what has become a ritual before U.S. presidential inaugurations , a group of atheists has sued seeking to keep references to God out of the ceremony .
" Our Founding Fathers knew that to put an oath to God would be hypocritical to the entire secular Constitution , " Margaret Downey , founder of the Freethought Society of Greater Philadelphia and one of the plaintiffs , told the Philadelphia Inquirer .
Advertisement
Michael Newdow , who waged a legal battle to remove the words " under God " from the Pledge of Allegiance , filed similar lawsuits before the previous two inaugurations , only to have them dismissed .
This time , he is joined by more than 20 atheists and agnostics across the country who have asked a judge to keep God references out of the inaugural oath and to bar the Rev. Rick Warren from giving an invocation .
A hearing is set for Thursday in Philadelphia .
The oath of office as given in the Constitution does not include the words " So help me God , " and Beth Hahn of the U.S. Senate Historical Office said its first known use was in 1881 when Vice President Chester Arthur was sworn in to succeed the assassinated James Garfield .
Having a minister deliver a prayer is even more recent , dating from Franklin Roosevelt 's second inaugural in 1937 .
Marcus Holmes
ABSTRACT : This article conducts a financial cost and security benefit analysis of the United States government ’s “ no fly ” list .
On September 11 , 2001 the no fly list contained sixteen names of terrorists and other individuals deemed threatening to the U.S.
Since then , the list has grown considerably , reaching over 755,500 + names at one point .
This growth has led to significant attention paid to the social costs of the list , from the civil liberty concerns about being detained at airports and prevented from flying , to privacy concerns about the government maintaining a classified list of individuals who have difficulty being removed from the list once they are on it .
Very surprisingly , there has been little attention paid to the financial costs of the list relative to the benefits .
This is striking given the significant amount of attention paid by scholars and policy analysts to anti-terror and national security strategies .
Fundamentally , it is unclear how one can create a strategy for how national security dollars should be spent without knowing how many dollars are involved and where they are going .
The study presented here puts forth a conservative estimate of cost at approximately $ 536 million since September 11 , 2001 , with a reasonable estimation range that approaches $ 1 billion .
This study should be viewed as a first step in asking and answering an important question : what are the costs , relative to the benefits , of anti-terrorism policies and security strategies ?
SUGGESTED CITATION :
Holmes , Marcus .
“ Just How Much Does That Cost , Anyway ?
An Analysis of the Financial Costs and Benefits of the “ No - Fly ” List . ” Homeland Security Affairs 5 , Article 6 ( January 2009 ) .
https://www.hsaj.org/articles/111
INTRODUCTION
The purpose of this article is to identify the financial costs relative to the benefits of the “ no - fly ” list .
Numerous scholars , security experts , lawyers , non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) , journalists , and bloggers have commented on the well - known flaws in the current terrorist watch list system .
Lawyers have pointed out the many civil liberty issues associated with the list and its hindrance of due process .
The American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) has repeatedly published the many flaws it sees in the way that the list is administrated .
Bruce Schneier , a popular security columnist and blogger , documents the various reasons why the no-fly list serves no benefit at all , providing only “ security theatre ” rather than actual protection .
Each of these analyses is useful and contributes to an understanding of whether or not the no-fly list is , in aggregate , helpful in protecting citizens against terrorism , and at what social and civil liberty cost .
What is missing , however , is an analysis of the no-fly list from a financial perspective .
This article is interested in understanding the monetary costs of the program .
As such , it seeks to answer some basic and fundamental questions that have not yet been answered ( or asked ) :
How much does the no-fly list cost to create and maintain ?
What are the costs of the consequences , both intended and unintended , of the list ?
How many resources , both governmental and private , are involved in the operation of the list ?
And , what are the benefits , both tangible ( i.e. monetary ) and intangible , that the list provides ?
This is an important set of questions because without understanding the monetary costs of a protection program relative to the benefits , it is difficult to assess whether or not the program is worth the costs .
Further , without such an understanding it is impossible to intelligently decide how anti-terror money should be allocated .
It is surprising that , given the importance of these questions , they have not been asked and addressed in a systematic fashion .
Consequently this article represents a “ first take ” at addressing these questions by assessing the financial costs of the no-fly list program .
It does not , however , seek to serve as a comprehensive answer to the question of “ is the no-fly list worth the money we are putting into it ? ”
The reason is that one cannot begin to conduct such an analysis without aggregating the costs and benefits first and then placing the no-fly list in context of the other anti-terror programs and their associated costs .
The no-fly list might very well be worth the expense if it is the government ’s only tool in preventing terrorist attacks .
It might also be the case that the list is less valuable given redundancy in the “ layered security ” model of securing air travel .
These are important questions and ones that can only be addressed after having identified the financial costs and benefits of the program .
Thus this article should be viewed as the first step in what will hopefully become a systematic and comprehensive approach to understanding whether or not the no-fly list provides added value in the context of the government ’s anti-terrorism campaign .
As will be analyzed below , it is estimated that the costs of the no-fly list , since 2002 , range from approximately $ 300 million ( a conservative estimate ) to $ 966 million ( an estimate on the high end ) .
Using those figures as low and high potentials , a reasonable estimate is that the U.S. government has spent over $ 500 million on the project since the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks .
Using annual data , this article suggests that the list costs taxpayers somewhere between $ 50 million and $ 161 million a year , with a reasonable compromise of those figures at approximately $ 100 million .
Clearly the no-fly list is a program that is not without substantial cost .
It represents , at least financially , a large part of the government ’s protection of air travel .
In order to begin to analyze whether or not the benefits are worth the costs , both must be identified and analyzed .
It is that task to which the article will now turn .
METHODOLOGY
Source Material and Estimation Error
One likely reason for why a financial cost / benefit approach has not been conducted , at least in an unclassified manner , is that it is difficult to do .
The biggest reason for the difficulty is that the government does not publish the aggregated costs of programs such as the no-fly list .
As will be illustrated below , the no-fly list is a product of numerous government agencies and private sector involvement and thus represents a rather diffuse network of resources working together for common cause .
This ensures that a variety of perspectives and sufficient technical expertise are aggregated into the program , but it also means that the no-fly list is not one program represented by a single line - item in a budget request .
Rather , it is made up of pieces of multiple programs spanning public and private spheres , many of which are classified and unknown to the public .
The second reason why conducting a financial cost / benefit approach is difficult is that much of the information pertaining to the list is classified .
Sources I spoke to between November 2007 and January 2008 , who are close to the list , could only provide general feedback and guidance – anything remotely specific would fall under the classified domain .
While this guidance was extremely useful , and constitutes one of my main methods of vetting the figures contained in this article , it meant that the data - gathering phase was done without much insight or help from those close to the program .
Conducting a cost / benefit analysis when the details of the program are intentionally hidden from taxpayer view is challenging .
The approach taken in this article is to estimate the costs based on what is available and then have individuals close to the list , to the extent that they are able , validate that the estimates are reasonable ( or , in some cases , too high or too low ) .
As such , many of the estimates contained in this article are based on data culled from press reports , public interviews with government officials , Congressional testimony , and occasionally specific budget requests and reports .
These estimates were then provided to individuals in the security field who proffered limited , but extremely helpful , feedback .
One of the valuable criticisms of such an approach is that it is subject to much subjectivity .
That is , choosing one number to represent an estimated cost requires the analyst to pick among many possible variations of cost and use that number to represent an aggregate cost .
In anticipating this criticism , costs are estimated across three tiers : low , medium , and high .
This is common practice in cost - benefit analyses as well as actuarial assessments and estimations .
The low tier represents a conservative estimate , the medium tier represents a reasonable estimation , and the high tier represents a possible estimation .
It should be noted that the high tier is not simply an inflated cost that attempts to account for all possible permutations of cost .
I have tried to keep even the highest tier within a reasonable range .
In cases of a particularly high number of unknown variables , I have tried to err on the side of conservative estimation so as not to inflate the costs due to extreme estimation error .
A consequence of this move is that if there is estimation error in this article , it is likely to be biased towards the more conservative tier .
Choosing a Cost - Benefit Framework
There are a number of cost - benefit frameworks available to social science scholars .
Many are derived from economics and focus on largely tangible ( typically monetary ) costs and benefits .
The difficulty with choosing a framework for this article is that we are dealing with explicit financial costs but both tangible and intangible benefits .
That is , we can estimate what the monetary costs of the system are , but in comparing them to the benefits we have both monetary benefits ( such as the future realized value of preventing a plane crash ) and intangible benefits ( such as the ability to monitor potentially dangerous individuals ) .
The two are alike in that they both benefit the U.S. government and citizenry , but unlike in that one can be measured in dollar terms and the other can not .
Nevertheless , as Arrow and others argue , in such cases where cost and benefits are assessed in different terms ( value in money vs. value in social policy ) , cost / benefit analyses can still be helpful , and indeed , should be mandatory if not binding .
The Office of Management and Budget , in realizing the importance and difficulty in assessing government policies , has published its own recommended framework for conducting cost / benefit analysis .
It is useful for our purpose because it explicitly addresses this problem of tangible and intangible benefits :
Both intangible and tangible benefits and costs should be recognized .
The relevant cost concept is broader than private - sector production and compliance costs or government cash expenditures .
Costs should reflect the opportunity cost of any resources used , measured by the return to those resources in their most productive application elsewhere .
Thus , the OMB framework serves as the main methodological framework for this article as it explicitly addresses governmental policy , on the one hand , and intangible as well as tangible costs and benefits on the other .
Defining Terms
Finally , before conducting an analysis of the costs of the no-fly list program , it is important to define precisely what it is that is being investigated .
The no-fly list is essentially a “ watch list ” that prevents watched individuals from flying on commercial aircraft .
The list itself dates back to the 1980s in a very limited fashion ( on September 11 , 2001 only sixteen names were on the list ) .
After the 9/11 attacks the number of the names on the list grew tremendously , with some reports suggesting that the list grew to 755,000 +.
It is now believed that the list contains roughly 40,000 names after a sustained effort to reduce the list to “ key ” individuals by scrubbing it of duplicates , reasonably certain safe flyers ( such as U.S. Senators ) , and the like .
While the government does not publish how names are put on the list , the public record suggests that the names are compiled from classified evidence conducted by a variety of government agencies .
While the Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) maintains the list , various agencies ( see below ) have input into it .
It is important to note also that in popular speech the “ no - fly list ” is often equated with the “ selectee list . ”
The two should be disaggregated .
The selectee list is the Secondary Security Screening Selection that randomly selects passengers for additional screening and inspection .
These individuals are allowed to fly after they have been cleared through security .
Individuals on the “ no - fly list ” are not allowed to fly until they are cleared from the list and this requires more than a simple x-ray and body search .
This article is interested in the costs of the no-fly list in particular , but future work should include an analysis of the selectee list as well .
The broad mechanics of the list have been made available for public consumption .
The government sends an updated version of the list to airlines on a regular basis .
It is the responsibility of the airlines to check passenger names against the list .
It has been noted that TSA has long had plans to take on some of the responsibility of name - checking ( particularly of names that are too sensitive to be sent to the airlines ) , first through the Computer Assisted Passenger Pre-screening System ( CAPPS II ) program and now through a similar program entitled “ Secure Flight . ”
Development of this system has been delayed and it is unknown when it will be operational .
Finally , the government is also developing a program entitled “ Registered Traveler , ” a public / private partnership between TSA and the Registered Traveler Interoperability Consortium ( RTIC ) , which allows those individuals who pose a minimum security risk to submit themselves to background checks and subsequently submit to an easier and more streamlined airport security checkpoint experience .
Having outlined the key aspects of the no-fly list , the article will now turn to estimating the costs of creating , maintaining , and dealing with the consequences of the list itself .
Estimating No-Fly List Costs
Establishing a Federal Government Resource Burn Rate
A burn rate , or the cost of a given policy / program in terms of ( 1 ) the number of individuals involved , ( 2 ) their billing rate , and ( 3 ) the number of hours devoted to the project , is a useful way of estimating costs over time .
Government agencies require potential contracting firms to provide an estimated burn rate in their response to proposals , and the OMB notes in their literature on conducting cost - benefit analyses the importance of identifying incremental costs over time .
Calculating a burn rate for the no-fly list relies on estimating the number of individuals involved in the day - to - day operations of the list , those responsible for dealing with the consequences and ancillary effects of the list , and their respective billing rates .
These individuals are drawn from both the government and private sectors and constitute no - fly list resources .
Estimating the number of individuals associated with the list is difficult because there is no one central agency or contracting firm responsible for its implementation .
Sources in the security community and government documents from the U.S. GAO note that there are individuals drawn from over ten government agencies and multiple private firms .
The non-exhaustive list includes : the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) , Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) , National Security Agency ( NSA ) , Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) , National Crime Information Center ( NCIC ) , Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) , National Counterterrorism Center ( NCTC ) , Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) , Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) , and various private government contracting firms such as Acxiom Corporation .
Given the broad scope of involvement and complexity of integrating the efforts among the various entities listed above , security professionals estimate that it is likely the number of individuals working on the list on a full - time basis is at least 250 , with another 500 involved in some capacity on a partial - time basis .
This represents the conservative or low estimate .
Individuals I spoke with at various government contracting firms note that mid-range figures are likely in the 500 full / 1000 partial range , with some estimating that the numbers could exceed 1000 full / 1500 partial .
Having estimated the number of individuals involved with the list , the next step is calculating their billing rate and amount of time devoted to the project .
Turning to rates first , the U.S. Office of Personnel Management ( OPM ) provides a yearly salary scale ranging from approximately $ 17,000 to $ 124,000 .
A conservative figure that estimates the cost of government employee benefits is approximately 50 percent ( Cox & Brunelli , 1994 ) .
That is , if the salary of a federal employee is $ 50 k / year , the adjusted cost to taxpayers , inclusive of benefits , is approximately $ 75 k / year .
Sources in the security community note that among federal employees working on the no-fly list , there are very few at the lower ends of the pay scale , with most falling somewhere in the top third .
On the private side , government contracting firms typically bill out their resources somewhere in the $ 100 k - $ 500 k / year range .
This number varies depending on the expertise of the contractor , the profit margin of the firm , the type of work being conducted , etc .
For the purposes of this article , it is worth using a conservative blended billing rate precisely because there are a large number of factors that lead to billing rate fluctuation .
A conservative figure of $ 100 k / year , inclusive of both government employees with benefits and private firm contractors , is a reasonable estimate , but is potentially much higher and not likely to be much lower .
Finally , not all employees mentioned above spend their full - time working on the no-fly list .
The nature of the list suggests that there are likely a large number of individuals who do spend most of their time devoted to it , either in creating technology programs to support it , dealing with name removal requests , etc .
There are a larger number of individuals , however , who work on the list part - time as needs arise .
The FBI , TSA , and DHS , for instance , often collaborate on suspected individuals in order to determine whether or not they should be placed on the list .
This type of activity does not consume an employee ’s entire day , but does require time and effort .
Consequently , part - time no - fly list employees can spend varied amounts of their day working on various list activities .
In order to estimate this amount of work , gradations of time spent on the list will increase as estimates of low / medium / high increase .
At the conservative end , it is estimated that partial - time employees spend 25 percent of their time working on the no-fly list ; the medium range figure is 50 percent and the high range figure 75 percent .
This estimate allows considerable variation in the amount of time required of resources and seems reasonable among the security professionals that have reviewed the numbers .
Having identified the major components of the burn rate and estimated their value , a simple calculation yields burn rate figures for the low , medium , and high estimates .
At the conservative end , the burn rate is estimated to be $ 7.5 million per year .
The middle - range figure is estimated to be $ 20 million per year and the upper - range figure at least $ 43 million a year .
Importantly , these figures only represent the personnel burn rate .
They do not include other costs , such as technology systems , costs to non-government employees or costs to the private sector .
It is to those costs that we now turn .
Technology Product Costs
The no-fly list operates both as a database of names and a system for ensuring that those named individuals do not board airplanes .
The first component , the database , is maintained by DHS and TSA .
The second component , the method of cross-checking passengers with the database , is maintained by the individual airlines .
The government supplies the watch list to the air carrier whose automated information technology ( IT ) systems screen passengers .
According to the GAO , 99 percent of all passengers on domestic flights are screened through the use of these computer systems ; the other remaining 1 percent of passengers are “ manually screened ” because the airlines do not have an automated system .
Finally , for international flights , air carriers are required to provide a list of passengers to Customs and Border Protection before take - off .
These two components can be disaggregated and their costs estimated individually .
On the government side , the Associated Press in 2006 reported that the TSA had spent more than $ 200 million on three aspects of the no-fly list : Transportation Worker Identity Credential ( a program for allowing “ safe ” individuals access to secure port areas ) , Secure Flight , and the Registered Traveler Program ( a program that allows individuals to submit themselves to background checks in order to receive less thorough screenings at airports ) .
Once Secure Flight was suspended , in February 2006 , Leslie Miller of the Associated Press reported that the total cost of the program was $ 200 million .
Estimating the cost of the government side of the equation then is relatively straightforward .
The $ 200 million in investment of Secure Flight since 2002 presumably includes human resources as well as the technology product , so the cost must be discounted slightly .
A conservative estimate of the government ’s technology costs for this program is $ 150 million .
A mid-range estimate is $ 200 million , the quoted cost according to the Associated Press .
Finally , an upper - range figure is $ 250 million which would include any updates and new developments since the AP ’s story broke in early 2006 .
The airline technology products used to cross-check passenger names with the government - supplied no - fly list is more difficult to estimate because the air carriers have not published their compliance costs .
Steven Lott of Aviation Daily , a trade journal for the airline industry , notes that as of July 2006 there was no uniform way for airlines to transmit their passenger lists to CBP , which accounts for the numerous in - air diversions and delays ( to be discussed below ) caused by airlines transmitting passenger lists after takeoff .
In order to correct this problem , DHS has asked the airlines to adopt one of two systems .
The first would have airlines transmit passenger information individually when each passenger checks into the flight , up to fifteen minutes before departure .
Lott estimates the cost of this system to be $ 189 million in the first year and more than $ 600 million through 2015 .
The other solution , called APIS 60 , is similar to the current system of sending passenger lists in bulk , but would cost more money to implement as a standardized process .
It would require all passenger information to be sent to the government sixty minutes before plane departure .
This would likely have an effect on check - in times , requiring passengers to be checked into their flights early in order to provide the sixty - minute window for name processing .
Lott estimates $ 250 million in the first year for this and up to $ 1.9 billion over the next ten years .
On August 9 , 2007 , DHS announced that the two options had been adopted as a rule and airlines would have to begin procedures to comply .
These figures , as part of Lott ’s analysis , help us to understand the potential costs associated with compliance , but they also provide a benchmark to estimate current costs .
Lott notes that APIS 60 is similar to what airlines currently do , but is more expensive .
Given that the more expensive , standardized version is $ 250 million – for the first year alone – a very conservative estimate for what it has cost the airlines to comply with no - fly list passenger screening to date is likely something well above $ 50 million .
A middle range estimate of $ 100 million seems more likely , given the six years that have elapsed since 9/11 and the need to get systems up and running quickly across the industry .
An upper range figure of $ 250 million would assume that the one - year cost of setting up this new system , while higher than the current system , is roughly equivalent to six years of running a less costly system .
False Positives
One of the recognized problems with the no-fly list is that , until very recently , the list was exceedingly large and false positives were quite common .
In the last few years , stories of Senator Ted Kennedy and a host of other non-terrorist individuals being flagged by the no-fly list and not allowed to fly have appeared in the local and national news .
The reason for this is largely because the no-fly list does not list individuals ; it lists names , which can lead to the misidentification of individuals .
This is most clearly seen in dealing with Arabic names that have a number of English transliterations : in many cases , multiple derivatives of a name are put on the list in hopes of matching a particular individual .
The American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) , in attempting to prevent the high number of false positives and attacks on civil liberties , sued TSA and the FBI in April 2003 on behalf of Rebecca Gordon and Jan Adams , two individuals who were not allowed to fly because their names appeared on the no-fly list .
TSA and DHS eventually settled for $ 200,000 in damages and attorney fees .
An additional outcome of the case , however , was that it brought into court many previously hidden documents about the inner-workings of the list .
One of these documents noted that , in November 2005 , TSA indicated that 30,000 people in the previous year alone ( from 2004 to 2005 ) had contacted the agency to have their names removed from the list .
This suggests that , at least until 2005 , roughly 30,000 individuals a year had been identified as false positives .
As the ACLU complaint points out , the only way that one can find out if one is on the no-fly list ( other than filing a lawsuit to bring the records into court ) is to attempt to fly .
If one is on the list and attempts to fly , he / she is stopped at the airport by local law enforcement and airport security .
Having identified how many false positives there are in a given year , we can begin to make sense of the associated costs .
Estimating the cost of these false positives involves a number of disparate activities : the cost of the passenger being detained at the airport and missing his / her flight ; the cost of airport security / personnel detaining the passenger ; if a false positive , the cost of arriving at the airport early each time one flies to allow time to be cleared ; the cost of not flying in order to avoid the hassle ; and the cost of attempting to get off of the list once one has been identified as a false positive .
Before estimating these costs , however , a burn rate for passenger time needs to be established .
Similar to the burn rate conducted above for government resources , a similar rate is needed for passengers since their time is valuable as well .
Unlike the difficulty in assessing governmental resource burn rates , doing so for airline passengers is relatively straightforward as the airlines themselves have devoted many research resources evaluating the costs of delays .
One estimate is that , on average , airline passenger time can be valued at approximately $ 50 / hour .
With this rate established , we can estimate cost by examining how long each false positive requires of an individual .
With respect to the time spent being detained by the local authorities , it is difficult to account for the significant variability in experience .
Some individuals report being held for hours in airport back rooms while others are able to leave relatively quickly .
If we assume , for a very conservative figure , an average of two hours dealing with airport security , then we can begin to estimate cost .
30,000 passengers a year who are identified as false positives and spend on average two hours dealing with this hassle , translates to roughly $ 3 million a year .
If we assume , however , that there are fewer false positives now that the list has been scrubbed over the last year , we can discount the yearly figure to roughly $ 2 million a year .
A middle range figure would account for a longer experience in dealing with the false positive because a two hour delay with airport security would undoubtedly mean a missed flight and presumably increased cost .
Assuming a longer period of five hours dealing with this problem extrapolates to $ 7.5 million a year .
Finally , a higher range figure of ten hours dealing with each false positive – from the passenger ’s perspective – is possible , given the added expense and hassle of missed flights , being forced to fly the next day , etc .
Such a figure results in a cost of $ 15 million a year .
In addition to costs from the passenger perspective , there are also airport / local law enforcement costs in dealing with false positives .
When a name is flagged on the no-fly list , local airport security is called in order to detain the passenger in question .
There are approximately 450 commercial airports in the United States , plus approximately 200 international airports with flights bound for the U.S. that would all have local law enforcement in place to deal with false positives on an “ as- needed ” basis .
We can estimate this cost by assuming a standard airport security salary of $ 35,000 / year on the conservative end , plus security officials working on no-fly related issues , including false positives , on a part - time ( 25 % ) basis .
This equates to approximately $ 5.5 million a year in no-fly list associated costs for the use of airport security personnel .
Finally , a large cost associated with false positives is passengers attempting to be removed from the list .
One of the criticisms of DHS has been that if a passenger is placed on the no-fly list mistakenly , it can be a very laborious process getting off of the list .
There are reports of individuals being asked to sign notarized copies of documents and letters , producing birth certificates , copies of passports , and – reportedly – even voter registration cards .
There is a cost entailed in producing each of these documents , but the largest cost undoubtedly is the time required to gather the respective documents .
DHS does not publish how many individuals attempt to be removed from the list each year , but given the known number of false positives , we can base cost estimates on that figure .
If , for instance , 10 percent of the 30,000 individuals on the false positive list attempt to be removed from the list , and gathering the required documents takes approximately ten hours per individual , the cost translates to approximately $ 1.5 million / year .
A less conservative estimate of the number of individuals attempting to be removed from the list is a quarter of this number , or 7,500 .
This translates to a cost of $ 3.75 million / year .
Finally , if we estimate an upper - range figure of approximately 50 % of the false positives pursuing the process of name removal , the cost is $ 7.5 million / year .
Granted , there is undoubtedly fluctuation in these estimates because it is unclear whether or not the 30,000 false positives represent distinct individuals or some individuals being flagged more than once in a given year .
This estimate , however , does provide an approximation of the cost at the three probability levels .
Flight Diversions and Delays
One of the ramifications of the no-fly list over the last several years has been the number of flight diversions and delays due to list operations .
A KLM flight from Amsterdam to Mexico , on April 10 , 2005 , is a representative example .
The plane was en route from Amsterdam to Mexico and was due to cross over U.S. airspace .
The U.S. government ordered the plane to return to the Netherlands before reaching the United States because it said two of its passengers were barred from entering U.S. territory .
The plane had been in the air for more than four hours before returning to Europe and caused 278 passengers delays of approximately twenty - four hours .
The Washington Post reported , in July , 2005 , that the two men removed from the flight were questioned but not arrested .
In sum there have been seven total diversions , and presumably countless delays , due to no -fly list processing incidents that are not reported .
The aim of this section is to assess the costs of these delays .
One of the better estimates of the cost of flight diversions comes from the medical community .
Medical events constitute the major recurrent reason for flight diversions .
From heart attacks to seizures , passengers routinely get sick on airplanes and the aircraft diverts to a close airport in order to seek medical attention for the sick individual .
A study of neurological sickness diversions estimates that the cost of each diversion is somewhere between $ 15,000 and $ 893,000 , depending on the route ( international vs. domestic ) , the length of the delay , whether or not fuel must be dumped to achieve optimal weight before landing , etc .
For our purposes a reasonable range for the cost of diversions is likely $ 500,000 - $ 893,000 , as all seven known diversions have been on international flights .
Extrapolating a conservative figure of $ 500,000 per diversion , this results in a total cost of $ 3.5 million since 2002 ( $ 500,000 x 7 diversions ) .
A medium - range figure of $ 700,000 per diversion results in a cost of $ 4.9 million .
Finally , at an upper limit of $ 893,000 per diversion , the total cost due to the no-fly list is roughly $ 6.25 million .
As discussed above , these figures only represent actual diversions , instances where the plane was forced to land somewhere other than its intended destination .
The figures do not include delays due to no-fly list processing , as that data is not published by the airline industry .
Other Costs
Finally , there are other costs associated with the no-fly list that will not be examined thoroughly here because assessing a financial figure for each of them is difficult .
Lawsuits against U.S. government agencies , typically DHS , TSA and the FBI , with respect to no-fly list related issues ( such as harassment ) are numerous and presumably quite costly for both sides of the case .
A recent search in the WestLaw database identified fourteen disparate case filings against the U.S. government regarding the no-fly list .
One prominent case , filed by the ACLU , resulted in a settlement of $ 200,000 by TSA and DHS for the victims of unnecessary harassment and detainment .
It is unknown how many resources are spent responding to these cases , but the numbers are likely significant and a potentially fruitful area of further research .
Analysis of No-Fly List Benefits
The government ’s cost - benefit framework suggests that just as costs can be tangible ( such as money spent on a particular product ) and intangible ( such as opportunity costs ) , so too can the benefits of a particular policy .
Therefore in analyzing and assessing the benefits of the no-fly list , it is important to cover not only the financial returns , or tangible benefits to taxpayers , but more intangible benefits as well , such as the use of the list as a deterrent to committing terrorist acts with airliners .
Arguably the intangibles of the no-fly list provide greater benefit , since the aim of the list is prevention and not necessarily a monetary return on investment .
It is to those intangible benefits that we shall turn first .
Stopping / Deterring Potential Plots
If the no-fly list is successful in what it aims to do , the largest benefit to the country is stopping potential plots that are in the works by not allowing dangerous individuals to board airplanes and commit terrorist attacks on / with the aircraft .
The argument is straightforward : if the current implementation of the no-fly list existed on September 11 , 2001 and the would - be hijackers were on the list , it would have been impossible for them to fly .
This is the argument that is made by Kip Hawley , TSA Administrator .
In an interview with Bruce Schneier , Hawley noted that the no-fly list is worthwhile “ because it works . ”
Hawley further pointed out that “ [ TSA does ] not publicize how often the no-fly system stops people you would not want on your flight .
Several times a week would low - ball it . ”
Two questions immediately arise from these comments : is it true that the no-fly system works in preventing would - be terrorists from boarding airplanes , and , what is to be made of the claim that “ several ” potentially dangerous individuals are prevented from boarding airplanes a week ?
The problem with the first claim , that the no-fly system works , is that it is relatively easy to bypass the system with a little ingenuity .
For instance , the no-fly list ’s core mechanism is a matching a name to photograph identification .
As noted above , the process is for a passenger ’s name to be cross-checked against the list and then verified as the name matching the individual by checking photo identification .
This process assumes a number of key points .
First , an assumption is made that the ticket was purchased using the passenger ’s real name .
If a would - be terrorist knows that he or she is on the no-fly list , the next logical step would be to purchase the ticket under an assumed name that is not on the list .
Second , the process also assumes that the photo ID is real and represents the true identity of the individual in question .
It would be relatively easy , for instance , for someone to make a reservation under an assumed name and either manufacture an ID or use the real identification of the assumed individual .
Third , this process is made easier by the increase in “ print - at - home ” boarding passes , which are easy to forge and allow would - be terrorists to put any name they like on the boarding pass .
These three aspects of the no-fly list make it simple for an individual to purchase a ticket under someone else ’s name , use a real ID to enter the boarding terminal with a forged boarding pass , and then fly on the ticket that has someone else ’s name .
Some security experts have gone so far as to create a “ fake boarding pass generator ” on the Internet to illustrate how easy it is to forge a boarding pass .
Importantly , this is not just a theoretical exercise .
A CBS affiliate in Kansas City , in an undercover investigation , was able to enter the TSA secure area by producing a fake ID .
The undercover individual was not stopped or asked any additional questions .
Thus , if the no-fly list is stopping individuals who wish to commit terrorist attacks , those individuals have not employed all of the strategies that are at their disposal ; this should raise questions as to whether or not the no-fly list achieves the benefits its administrators claim .
The second claim made of the no-fly list is that it does stop terrorist events , or at least dangerous individuals , on a routine basis ; we do not hear about them because the government keeps that information close to the vest ( except when questioned , such as in the Schneier interview ) .
Three questions arise from this claim .
First , why would the government want to keep such information secret ?
Perhaps more importantly , why does the empirical record of other terrorist prevention activities suggest that the government ’s strategy is very often the opposite ?
It lets everyone know about potential activities before they are well formed .
Finally , if what Hawley claims is true , are there many more potential terrorists in this country than is commonly believed ( since they are being stopped several times a week ) or is the no-fly list ineffective at stopping terrorists ?
Is it casting a much wider net and catching non-dangerous individuals as well ?
With respect to publicizing no - fly list successes , it would seem that as a deterrent mechanism the government would want would - be terrorists to know that the no-fly list works ; that it catches dangerous individuals , and therefore , it is not wise to try to fly if you have thoughts of committing a terrorist act .
This is particularly true given the amount of information available on the Internet about how to bypass the no-fly list , such as the forged boarding pass generator .
If the government wanted to counteract the effect of that type of information being available , it would seem reasonable to show the public that despite these apparent flaws , the no-fly list works well in stopping dangerous individuals .
A response to this argument is that there is greater benefit derived from keeping the successes of the list relatively secret because it keeps terrorists continually guessing and unsure about how effective the government is at tracking them and preventing their action .
This argument might have some merit , but the empirical record of the government with respect to publicizing potential terrorist threats and foiled plots suggests that they do not subscribe to the secrecy strategy .
There are numerous examples of the government pursuing a strategy of publicity rather than secrecy when it involves letting the country know about terrorist plots and threats .
Two examples , one from a small - scale potential attack and one from a large - scale potential attack , should illustrate the point .
In June 2005 , the U.S. government held a press conference in Lodi , California to make public a foiled terrorist plot that involved Hamid Hayat and his father Umer , who had allegedly had connections to Pakistani terrorist camps .
The FBI chief of Sacramento said in the public statement that Al Qaeda was active in the Lodi , California area and it included “ individuals who have received terrorist training abroad with the specific intent to initiate a terrorist attack in the United States . ”
The subsequent investigation and trial did not elucidate any specific intent , but rather revealed an individual who may or may not have been sympathetic to Islamic jihad .
Nevertheless , in this case the government , without any direct knowledge of a specific threat or imminent attack , made public the information they had , thus belying the argument that secrecy over publicity is the preferred strategy of deterrence .
The second example is drawn from a much larger potential terrorist attack originating in the United Kingdom .
From August 9 to August 10 , 2006 , British authorities arrested twenty - four suspects alleged to have been plotting an attack against the United States using U.S. - bound aircraft and liquid explosives .
A day later Michael Chertoff , head of DHS , called the plan “ sophisticated ” and “ imminent , ” with the plan “ getting really quite close to the execution phase ” and “ in the final stages of planning before execution . ”
The subsequent investigation of the plot revealed that the government had no solid evidence the plan was close to execution .
Specific planes or a date had not been set , a number of the suspects did not have passports , and , perhaps most important , British authorities had been monitoring the group for months and were confident that an attack was not imminent .
Nevertheless , as was the case with Hamid and Umer Hayat , the government came forth before all of the facts were available and noted that a potentially very serious threat had been thwarted .
These two examples of the government making public potential threats before they are imminent raises the question of why there is a disconnect between the no-fly list secrecy strategy , as verbalized by Hawley , and the publicity strategy pursued during other cases .
It could be that the government makes the secrecy / publicity decision on a case - by - case basis and thought there was value in notifying the public of the first two threats , but not no - fly list threats .
It is conceivable also that the government only wants to alert the public to specific threats .
That is , someone being stopped at the airport because he / she might be dangerous can be conceived of as a threat , but it is a diffuse threat .
There are no specific plans or intentions that are automatically divined by stopping someone from boarding an aircraft ; the individual may or may not have had intentions of wrongdoing even though they were on the list .
Yet the empirical reality seems to suggest that the government sees value in making anti-terror successes public .
Given the two examples above , one could reasonably come to the conclusion that if the no-fly list had stopped a significant threat , we would have heard about it .
The more confusing aspect of Hawley ’s statement is that the no-fly list stops “ several ” individuals the government does not want flying a week .
This would suggest that there are potentially would - be terrorists attempting to board aircraft on a routine basis .
Empirically this is difficult to reconcile with the FBI ’s own admission that they have found zero terrorist cells in the United States since 9/11 , and Al Qaeda operatives seem to be focusing their energies on Iraq .
Presumably , if these individuals who are being stopped are terrorists , the FBI ’s statement would no longer be correct .
If terrorists are prevalent enough to be boarding aircraft multiple times a week , then is it still reasonable to assert that zero terrorist cells have been found in the U.S. ?
Another explanation for the high - number of individuals being stopped is that they are on the list , but not necessarily terrorists .
As noted above , even with the “ scrubbing ” that has occurred , the list is still quite long and it is not entirely clear that everyone on the list poses a threat to the US .
Thus , while it might be true that the no-fly lists stops individuals on a routine basis , the extent to which those individuals posed a danger to the aircraft they were about to board remains in question .
Finally , with respect to stopping potential plots , the effectiveness of the no-fly list is questionable because of the unknown danger posed by those on the list .
As Bruce Schneier points out , the no-fly list is “ a list of people so dangerous they cannot be allowed to fly under any circumstance , yet so innocent we ca n’t arrest them even under the Patriot Act . ”
This is a real and important critique .
If the individuals on the no-fly list are dangerous , and we have information to suggest that they are dangerous , why are n’t they arrested and at least brought in for questioning ?
Again , the empirical record suggests that the government ’s approach when dealing with potential terrorists is to bring them into custody in order to figure out how real the threat is .
This is what occurred with the Hayats and the would - be U.K. bombers .
This remains an important question about the benefits of having the no-fly list : how dangerous are the individuals on the list ?
Presumably if they posed an immediate threat to the United States they would be arrested and the government would not wait for them to turn themselves in by attempting to fly .
One response to this question is that a benefit of the no-fly list is not just in arresting individuals , but rather tracking their movements .
Keeping Individuals In / Out
One argument for the potential benefit of the no-fly list is that it allows the government to track and keep individuals inside the United States .
If an individual is believed to have connections to terrorist training camps in Pakistan , there might be value in preventing that individual from going to Pakistan to be trained , aid in training , or otherwise conduct dangerous activities .
The problem with this argument is that it is belied by actual law enforcement experience .
Sources in the security community note that , in general terms , it is better to have dangerous individuals outside of the United States rather than inside .
While the government might be able to keep better track of individuals within its borders , the individual ’s ability to conduct terrorist activities against the U.S. is hampered if that person is residing outside its borders .
From this perspective the no-fly list does not provide substantial benefit by keeping individuals in the country , since it is preferable to keep terrorists out , not keep them in .
The corollary to this argument is that keeping terrorists out of the country is beneficial .
A no -fly list , operationalized in international airports with flights bound for the U.S. , might help to keep dangerous individuals from reaching U.S. soil .
Further , even if those on the no-fly list do not pose an immediate and credible threat to the U.S. , there might be value in the government ’s ability to keep track of potentially harmful individuals .
For instance , if there are individuals living in Western Europe who are believed to harbor resentment against Western society , there is value in the United States being notified of their movement and intent .
If one of these individuals arrives at an international airport attempting to board a flight to the United States , the threat may not be specific to that particular flight or any particular plot against the country of departure , but nevertheless information about the movement of individuals on the list is worthwhile .
High - level government officials and security experts routinely discuss the merits of layered - based security .
By building and maintaining movement information on suspected individuals , the government is able to derive an additional knowledge - based layer of security .
This would seemingly serve a real benefit in the government ’s campaign to better know and understand the enemy .
Psychological Benefits of Security
Finally , as alluded to earlier , some analysts have argued that the no-fly list and other aspects of airport / flying security provide an intangible psychological benefit .
Bruce Schneier has termed this concept “ security theatre . ”
Schneier argues that security countermeasures utilized by the government after September 11 have been intended to provide the feeling or perception of improved security , without doing anything to actually improve tangible security .
Given the criticisms that have been levied at the no-fly list ’s effectiveness , particularly as it relates to the rise of print - at - home boarding passes and the ability to use fake IDs , etc. , the no-fly list is , according to Schneier , an excellent example of security theatre .
From a psychological perspective it may be that security theatre serves a legitimate function in what scholars have called “ ontological security . ”
Ontological security is a mental state derived from the feeling of continuity and stableness in one ’s life .
Just as humans require physical security with our bodies , so too do we require that our day - to - day existence not be scarred by outlying events .
It is possible to conceive of security theatre as a mechanism for providing ontological security to flyers and the general public .
If individuals are convinced by the security they see that they are safe , they might be more likely to feel protected and go about their business than if their ontological security is threatened .
Further , security theatre can also theoretically deter actors from taking certain risks .
If , for instance , would - be terrorists perceive significant security measures in place , they might be less likely to follow - through with terrorist acts .
In this example the security need not be “ real ” in any meaningful sense ; it must only present a feeling of a securitized situation that would create a level of risk for a would - be terrorist .
Retail stores have long adopted this stance , using such things as fake video cameras to dissuade shop - lifting , for instance .
This is not to say , however , that security theatre provides only positive psychological effect .
As Schneier argues , security theatre can lead to increased perception of risk .
Consider , for instance , visible measures of security such as armed guards .
While this might reassure the public , from an ontological security perspective , it might contribute to a sense that there is a real risk associated with the activity they are engaged in .
With respect to the no-fly list this might obtain from the existence and public knowledge of the list itself ; given that there are individuals the government does not want on airplanes , this might imply that flying is a risky endeavor .
Tangible Benefit : Preventing a Costly Attack ?
Having identified many of the potential intangible benefits of the no-fly list that are difficult to assess financial value to ( such as the ability to track suspected individuals and deter potential attacks ) it is worth considering what tangible benefit the list might serve if it is effective .
There are a number of reasons to question whether or not the no-fly list is able to deliver on the intangible benefits , as outlined above , but assuming that it can , what tangible savings might the country realize ?
One way to assess the tangible benefits of preventing an attack is to estimate what it would cost the country if the no-fly list was not in place and terrorists were able to easily board an aircraft and bring it down .
While this represents a scenario that is less likely to occur since September 11 , 2001 , as airline security has increased , it is nevertheless worth investigating as a middle - range possibility in terms of cost .
The RAND Corporation , in a 2005 paper investigating the cost and benefits of aircraft missile defense systems , estimated that the direct costs of an airliner being attacked in flight would approach $ 1 billion .
The indirect costs , which are more difficult to estimate because predicting state response to the attack is difficult ( such as whether or not air travel would be shut down for a significant period of time as it was after 9/11 ) , are estimated at close to $ 15 billion when all potential long - term effects are accounted for .
This number would , of course , increase substantially if more than one aircraft was involved in an attack .
While the tangible cost of a potential airliner attack is useful in its own right in providing a sense of what type of benefit the no-fly list might provide , it can only be evaluated fully by assigning a probability to the attack , computing the probable tangible cost of the attack , and comparing that figure to the cost of maintaining the list .
It is to that final task that the article now turns .
Bringing Costs and Benefits Together : Concluding Thoughts
Assessing whether or not the no-fly list is valuable or “ worth ” the money being spent is a difficult endeavor because ultimately it is a subjective one without a clear and objective answer .
By way of conclusion , however , the article will end with a question in hopes that it will spur additional research and discussion on the topic .
Comparing the intangible benefits to costs is difficult because a quantitative approach is not sufficient ; assigning a financial figure to intangibles is difficult , and any qualitative approach would necessarily be muddied by subjective arguments about the relative merits of the intangibles .
For instance , some might find high value in the government ’s ability to monitor and track individuals , while others see this as an ancillary , or indeed ( if it infringes on the civil liberties and rights of those being monitored ) negative “ benefit . ”
Tangible benefits are seemingly easier to compare to costs because we can attach a financial figure to each benefit , but the probability of realizing those benefits is quite subjective .
To answer any question regarding the worthiness of the no-fly list the first question that must be answered is : how likely is it that there will be an attack attempt ?
The answer to this question is inherently subjective depending on one ’s own sense of security , how one perceives world events , and how closely one pays attention to world politics .
Recent polls demonstrate this subjectivity by illustrating the diversity of opinion as to whether or not Americans are likely to witness another terrorist attack in the near future .
Nevertheless , with tangible benefits we at least can compare the realized return to the costs of implementation across a range of probabilities .
A common methodology for assessing cost effectiveness is to multiply the costs of an event by the probability that event will happen and then compare that to the costs of a system in place to prevent the attack from occurring .
For instance , if one perceives a 1 percent chance of individuals boarding a plane and bringing it down each year , with the costs of such an attack reaching $ 15 billion , per the RAND study cited above , then one theoretically could argue that $ 150 million ( 0.01 * $ 15,000,000,000 ) should be spent , each year , in attempting to prevent such an attack .
Similarly , if one considers the probability of an attack to be 0.1 percent , then one could argue that the no-fly list is “ worth ” $ 15 million in prevention of such an attack .
Given the costs identified in this article , a first - cut reasonable estimate of the probability of an attack needed to justify the cost of the no-fly system is somewhere between ~ 0.3 % and 1.1 % .
It is important to note , however , that this analysis is true only if the no-fly list alone could stop the attack .
More likely , the no-fly list reduces the likelihood of an attack by adding another layer of security to air - travel .
How much value it provides in reducing the likelihood of attack is a subjective measure .
More likely , the no-fly list reduces the likelihood of an attack by adding another layer of security to air travel .
How much value it provides in reducing the likelihood of attack is a subjective measure that relies on the probabilities assessed by the analyst .
Clearly assessing the probability of attack is difficult .
From there assessing what role the no-fly list would play in a “ non-event ” is even more so .
Precisely because the no-fly list serves as a deterrent , success is defined not by what happens but what does not happen .
This makes analysis of whether the no-fly list is “ worth it ” a subjective call .
Making that call , however , requires data of the type presented in this article .
On the other hand , there have been recent attempts to quantitatively value human life and compare the costs of saving those lives to the cost of losing them .
Mark Stewart and John Mueller , in looking at the cost and benefits of hardening cockpit doors and the air marshal program in Australia , use a quantitative approach on both the cost and benefit end .
They note that if human life is calculated to be between $ 1 and $ 10 million , based on Australian government guidelines , then the cost of the cockpit door hardening is less than the expected benefit in terms of historical fatality numbers and the risk associated with terrorists entering cockpits .
Using the same calculation , the air marshal program fails .
They note that even if their estimates are in error by 100 percent , it would not change the conclusions with respect to the program .
Similar calculations , using the data provided in this article , could be used in answering the “ is it worth it ” question .
Such attempts at quantitatively assessing the value of human life will likely cause some to pause .
Should we be placing monetary value on human life or if security measures have the potential of saving even one life , should we pursue them ?
These are not easy philosophical questions to answer .
However , conducting analyses of the costs and benefits of security measures do allow us to understand where resources are going and what they might be preventing .
We can then compare these expenditures to the potential of using the resources elsewhere , perhaps in vaccinations , health programs , road safety , etc. , which can also be used productively to save lives .
The goal of this article is not to make this assessment but rather to provide some tools and data such that a conversation can begin with respect to where our security dollars should be spent .
It is hoped that the investigation this article has taken , of the costs and benefits of the no-fly list , will spur additional work in attempting to elucidate educated relative probabilities of various no - fly list - related scenarios .
It is only then that the cost - effectiveness , and the financial worth of the list , can be thoroughly assessed .
Marcus Holmes is a PhD candidate in political science at Ohio State University .
His research interests are in international relations and political psychology with particular emphasis on social neuroscientific insights into politics .
Mr. Holmes can be contacted at holmes.504@osu.edu .
The author would like to thank John Mueller , Dale D. Murphy , Mark Stewart , Nathan Stickney , a large number of sources in the private sector , and three anonymous reviewers .
All mistakes remain mine .
NOTICE OF CORRECTION :
This article was corrected and republished on February 13 , 2009 to reflect the following changes : ( 1 ) addition of section entitled “ Psychological Benefits of Security , ” ( 2 ) new text in the Conclusion , and ( 3 ) author ’s acknowledgment .
These changes were made to correct an editorial oversight on the part of Homeland Security Affairs .
Appendix A :
Consolidated Table of No-Fly List Costs
Players / Costs Low Estimate Medium Estimate High Estimate DHS , TSA , NCIC , NSA , DARPA , FBI , CIFA , Private Firms , etc. Burn Rate $ 7.5 million / year $ 20 million / year $ 43 + million / year Government Technology Products $ 25 million / year $ 33 million / year $ 42 + million / year Airline Technology Products $ 8.3 million / year $ 17 million / year $ 42 + million / year Law Enforcement Involvement ( Airport Security ) $ 5.5 million / year $ 5.5 million / year $ 5.5 + million / year Passenger False Positive Airport Time $ 2 million / year $ 7.5 million / year $ 15 + million / year Passenger Removal From List Costs $ 1.5 million / year $ 3.75 million / year $ 7.5 + million / year Airline Diversion Costs ( Airlines and Passenger Delay Costs ) $ 0.4 million / year $ 0.66 million / year $ 1+ million / year Lawsuits Against US Government $ 1 million / year $ 2 million / year $ 5 + million / year Total Yearly Cost ~ $ 51 million ~ $ 89 million ~ $ 161 million Total Since 9/11/01 ~ $ 300 million ~ $ 536 million ~ $ 966 million
This article was originally published at the URLs https://www.hsaj.org/?article=5.1.6 and https://www.hsaj.org/?fullarticle=5.1.6.
Copyright © 2009 by the author(s ) .
Homeland Security Affairs is an academic journal available free of charge to individuals and institutions .
Because the purpose of this publication is the widest possible dissemination of knowledge , copies of this journal and the articles contained herein may be printed or downloaded and redistributed for personal , research or educational purposes free of charge and without permission .
Any commercial use of Homeland Security Affairs or the articles published herein is expressly prohibited without the written consent of the copyright holder .
The copyright of all articles published in Homeland Security Affairs rests with the author(s ) of the article .
Homeland Security Affairs is the online journal of the Naval Postgraduate School Center for Homeland Defense and Security ( CHDS ) .
https://www.hsaj.org
The deadline has passed , but check here for additional news and analysis .
Refresh and scroll down to see all entries .
POSTED : Feb. 19 -- 8:58 p.m. ET
Chad Ford : Lots of people are wondering what the Kings were up to today .
The answer :
Their deals were more about the salary cap and the luxury tax than about talent and winning now .
When Wednesday afternoon came , the Kings had 2009 - 10 payroll commitments of $ 66 million , which is a lot for a lottery team .
About 24 hours later , their committed payroll for next season was down to $ 45.1 million .
So they dropped a remarkable $ 21 million from their '09 - 10 books in a day 's time .
That means the Kings went from potential luxury - tax payers next year to being roughly $ 12.5 million under the projected cap .
Part of the story is the assist they got from the NBA when the league granted Shareef Abdur - Rahim a medical retirement , allowing the Kings -- for whom Abdur - Rahim is now an assistant coach -- to remove his $ 6.2 million player 's salary from their books .
What will the Kings do with their cap money ?
A good - size portion of it , as much as $ 5 million , will be used on their first - round pick , with Sacto currently first in line among lottery contenders for the No. 1 pick .
But the Kings could use the rest to sign a free agent or maybe just to give the Maloof family some breathing room in a tough financial market .
POSTED : Feb. 19 -- 4:39 p.m. ET
Chris Sheridan :
In a three - way trade , Sacramento gets Will Solomon from Toronto ... Toronto gets Patrick O'Bryant from Boston ... and Boston gets a heavily protected , conditional second - round pick from Sacramento .
Moore
On a related note , one very , very interesting thing to watch for is a possible bidding war for Mikki Moore , who Marc Stein is reporting will be waived by the Kings to clear room for Will Solomon in the three - way deal .
Cleveland has a big slice of its midlevel exception , and the Cavs would be willing to throw a sizable chunk of it at Joe Smith if he is bought out by Oklahoma City .
Whether or not they like Mikki Moore , well , I expect a reading on that from Brian Windhorst within the hour .
UPDATE ( 6:50 p.m. ET ) :
In the potential bidding war for Moore , Cleveland has $ 5.135 million of its midlevel exception left , and Boston has $ 2.392 million of its midlevel remaining .
I 'm told the Cavs , like ESPN 's Ric Bucher , are of the belief that Moore is going to wind up in Boston .
The Rockets also could get in the hunt for an extra big man , or for a veteran point guard now that they 've handed the keys to Aaron Brooks and Kyle Lowry .
They have $ 1.568 million of their midlevel remaining , but I need to get full details to see how close they stand to the luxury - tax threshold after today 's three - way trade with Memphis and Orlando .
Portland also has its full midlevel exception ( $ 5.585 million ) and San Antonio has $ 2.085 million of its midlevel .
POSTED : Feb. 19 -- 4:11 p.m. ET
Sefolosha
Marc Stein : Chicago's Thabo Sefolosha is headed to Oklahoma City for one of the Thunder 's five stockpiled first - round picks in the next two drafts .
• I'm also told that Sacramento will be releasing Mikki Moore after the Kings were unable to include him in any trades before the deadline .
Given the leaguewide need for big men , there figures to be a fair bit of interest in Moore once he clears waivers .
Expectation is high that he will wind up in Boston , reports ESPN The Magazine 's Ric Bucher .
POSTED : Feb. 19 -- 4 p.m. ET
Robinson
Marc Stein : The Knicks are not trading Nate Robinson to Sacramento .
Now we know that for sure .
After hearing from a couple of rival executives at the trade - deadline buzzer that the Kings did manage to convince the Knicks to part with their backcourt dynamo , we were just told by one source close to the process that Sacramento definitely was not able to land Robinson .
The Kings offered Kenny Thomas to New York in exchange for Robinson and Jared Jeffries , banking on the idea that New York could n't resist the opportunity to remove Jeffries ' salary from its payroll , which would have cleared another $ 6.8 million off the books for the summer of 2010 .
But the Knicks , we 're told , could n't bear to part with the popular Krypto - Nate , who just dethroned Dwight Howard in this past weekend 's dunk contest .
I 'm told Robinson is representing the Knicks as we speak ... taping an appearance with David Letterman that will air tonight .
POSTED : Feb. 19 -- 3:05 p.m. ET
Alston
Marc Stein : Looks like we have a fairly significant three - way deal that was submitted to the league just before the trade deadline .
NBA front - office sources tell ESPN.com that Orlando is acquiring Rafer Alston from Houston to fill the void at point guard created by Jameer Nelson 's shoulder injury .
The Rockets will receive Memphis guard Kyle Lowry , Orlando forward Brian Cook and perhaps two other minimum - salaried players to make the finances work .
The Grizzlies will receive a first - round pick from Orlando .
POSTED : Feb. 19 -- 2:47 p.m. ET
J.A. Adande : I 've been told Shaq is n't going anywhere .
POSTED : Feb. 19 -- 2:44 p.m. ET
Jefferson
Chad Ford : Just got word from a Bucks source that the team is highly unlikely to do a deal involving Richard Jefferson or anyone else on the roster .
" We 're going to stand pat , I think , " the source told me .
The Bucks had discussed several Jefferson trade scenarios with the Blazers and Cavs , but talks cooled this morning and have n't picked up with just less than 20 minutes to go before the trade deadline .
POSTED : Feb. 19 -- 2:32 p.m. ET
Nocioni
Marc Stein :
One of the most intriguing deals discussed on deadline day has to be Andres Nocioni winding up with the defending champs .
It 's unclear , as the final half - hour before the trade buzzer ticks away , which team actually halted these discussions .
We 've heard conflicting claims from both teams on who withdrew first .
Yet we do have agreement that the Celtics and Kings talked seriously Thursday about sending Nocioni to Boston , which seemingly would have been a huge coup for that team , given the hole created by James Posey 's departure in the offseason .
Nocioni is a rugged , versatile , 2 - position forward who does a lot of the same stuff Posey did .
The deal likely would have required Boston to part with at least four players from its oft - criticized bench : Glen Davis , Brian Scalabrine , Patrick O'Bryant and the injured Tony Allen .
Sacramento can only move Nocioni on his own after acquiring him Wednesday in the Brad Miller - John Salmons deal with Chicago , since players can't be packaged in subsequent deals until 60 days have passed from the originial trade .
It would figure the length and cost of Nocioni 's contract are what gave the Celtics pause , since Nocioni has three guaranteed years worth more than $ 20 million left on his deal after this season .
That 's more money in the same span than Posey will earn from the Hornets , who were able to sign Posey because the Celtics deemed a four - year guaranteed contract too rich to match .
But it must have been tough for the Celts to resist -- if they indeed balked first -- because Nocioni could have filled such a big need .
POSTED : Feb. 19 -- 2:25 p.m. ET
Carter
Chad Ford : Spies in New Jersey say it looks like Vince Carter will finish the season as a Net .
With just 45 minutes to go before the trade deadline , talks with Carter stalled .
It 's not impossible that things will heat up right toward the end , but right now , the odds are strongly in favor of Carter remaining in New Jersey , unless Nets owner Bruce Ratner goes back to management and tells them to dump him at any cost .
POSTED : Feb. 19 -- 2:25 p.m. ET
Robinson
Chad Ford : Could the Knicks make three deals today ?
Sources say the Kings have offered Kenny Thomas for Nate Robinson and Jared Jeffries .
If the Knicks can move Jeffries , it will clear another $ 6.8 million in the summer of 2010 .
The Knicks would have to give up the talented Robinson and eat Thomas ' $ 8.7 million salary next season ... but it 's probably worth it to the Knicks .
Especially now that they have shored up their offense with the deals for Larry Hughes and Chris Wilcox .
UPDATE ( 2:36 p.m. ET ) : Just got word that the Knicks turned down the Kings again .
Sounds like they 're not as motivated to move Jeffries as so many of us thought .
POSTED : Feb. 19 -- 1:57 p.m. ET
Marc Stein : Hopefully you 've seen all the clarifications on New York 's moves .
The Knicks have swung two deals .
No .
1 : Tim Thomas , Jerome James and Anthony Roberson to Chicago for Larry Hughes
( View the deal in our Trade Machine )
No .
2 : Malik Rose and cash to Oklahoma City for Chris Wilcox
( View the deal in our Trade Machine )
Just more than an hour to go before the trade buzzer sounds ...
POSTED : Feb. 19 -- 1:37 p.m. ET
Chad Ford :
The Chicago Bulls made their second big trade in two days on Thursday , agreeing to send Larry Hughes to the Knicks for Jerome James and Tim Thomas , two league sources told ESPN.com .
POSTED : Feb. 19 -- 1:17 p.m. ET
Marc Stein :
Word is coming in that the Knicks are closing in on some new players .
It is not immediately clear if this would be two separate trades or a three - way exchange , but I 'm hearing that Oklahoma City 's Chris Wilcox -- who went back to the Thunder on Wednesday night when the Tyson Chandler trade was rescinded -- and Chicago 's Larry Hughes are New York - bound .
To complete the transaction (s ) , Oklahoma City would get Malik Rose and Chicago would receive Tim Thomas and Jerome James .
Trying to nail it all down for you .
POSTED : Feb. 19 -- 12:55 p.m. ET
J.A. Adande :
The salary cap is expected to drop next season , with a league memo suggesting a hypothetical number of $ 57.3 million , according to two team executives .
Again , that is only hypothetical ; the actual figure wo n't be finalized until this summer .
The salary cap is determined by taking 51 percent of the league 's basketball related income and dividing it among the 30 teams .
The salary cap for the 2008 - 09 season is $ 58.68 million .
A smaller cap could affect the teams in position to make bids for free agents this year -- most notably Detroit , Oklahoma City and Memphis -- and if the number stays the same or drops again in 2010 it will impact the free agent class that is expected to include LeBron James , Dwyane Wade , Chris Bosh and Amare Stoudemire .
POSTED : Feb. 19 -- 12:03 p.m. ET
O'Neal
Marc Stein : Shaquille O'Neal and LeBron James ?
ESPN.com contributor Brian Windhorst of the Cleveland Plain Dealer is reporting that the Cavs have offered Ben Wallace and Sasha Pavlovic to the Phoenix Suns for O'Neal .
And sources close to the process have confirmed to ESPN.com that the teams are indeed in talks involving O'Neal , which would offer the Suns some of the payroll relief they 've been seeking .
Because only $ 1.5 million of Pavlovic 's contract is guaranteed next season , Phoenix would slice $ 5.5 million off of its 2009 - 10 payroll if it agreed to send Shaq to the Cavs .
It 's believed , though , that the Suns are resistant to taking back Wallace and are thus trying to convince Cleveland to part with Wally Szczerbiak 's $ 13.8 million expiring contract instead , which would turn this into a huge financial windfall for Phoenix .
UPDATE ( 12:29 p.m. ET ) : Multiple sources with knowledge of the talks between Cleveland and Phoenix today are saying as of noon that a deal actually coming together to team Shaquille O'Neal and LeBron James is very unlikely .
No one is denying that the teams have talked , but we 're getting strong hints now that this deal is in no way close .
UPDATE ( 1:11 p.m. ET ) : Sources say a Shaq - to - Cavs deal is unlikely by today 's deadline .
Read the full story »
• Insider : For even more trade - deadline chatter , click here
Thomas Chapin
If you do n’t use any Windows XP login security , then you can skip this article .
Otherwise , if you are like many Windows XP users who have to enter a password every time their computer sluggishly boots up , then read this !
Ok .
Here ’s the scenario :
You have to wait 2 minutes while your computer turns on .
You have to sit in front of your computer during this whole time because once it finally gets to the login screen , you have to type in the password .
The computer then crunches numbers for another 2 minutes while it loads a wide variety of programs ( MSN messenger , your Norton Antivirus , your Microsoft Office shortcut bar , etc… ) .
Finally , after like 5 minutes , you have access to your desktop .
How would you like your computer to load all those programs * before * you ever have to enter your password ?
You could press the button to power up your system and go get a cup of coffee .
Five minutes later , you come to your desk and type in your password .
BAM !
Instantly dropped to the desktop !
Your programs are already running and all systems are a go !
Here ’s how to do it :
Download Microsoft ’s free TweakUI tool and install it .
Click your Start button , go to your Programs menu , and select Tweak UI from the “ Powertoys for Windows XP ” folder .
In the TweakUI window , double - click the “ Logon ” item in the left - hand column to expand it .
Click on the “ Autologon ” item underneath the “ Logon ” section .
Check the box that says “ Log on automatically at system startup ” Click the “ Set Password ” button and enter in your windows login password Click OK and close Tweak UI .
Download this .reg file and run it .
When it asks you if you want to merge it with your registry , choose “ Yes ” .
NOTE : If you feel queasy about merging a reg file with your registry , you can also add it by hand .
Go to Start >
Run and type in “ regedit ” and press OK .
Browse to [ HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Run ] and create a new String Value .
Name it “ Lock Computer on Startup “ , and set the value to “ rundll32.exe user32.dll , LockWorkStation “
Presto !
You ’re done !
Now , when you boot up your computer , it will automatically log you in to your desktop and start up your programs .
However , it will still secure your system , requiring you to enter your password to access it .
