“ I happen to be a proponent of a Single - payer universal health care plan .
I see no reason why the United States – the wealthiest country in the history of the world – is spending 14 % of its Gross National Product on health care and cannot provide basic health insurance to everybody . ”
Those are Barack Obama ’s words , spoken in 2003 .
During a speech to a joint - session of Congress on September 9th , Obama distanced himself from the Single - payer system , referring to it as a “ radical shift that would disrupt the health care most people currently have . ”
Keep in mind that the “ health care most people currently have ” happens to be terrible .
Among industrialized democracies , our system is an embarrassing outlier , even more so because we spend the highest GDP percentage on health .
A disruption is precisely what ’s needed .
I do n’t fault Obama simply because he changed his stance .
If an idea does n’t work , it should be refined – or abandoned .
Nor do I fault him for attempting reform that ’s “ politically realistic . ”
While I would prefer a revolution in health care , I know that reform could provide critical relief for millions of struggling Americans .
But I do fault Obama for his seemingly eager capitulations .
In 2003 , he supported a Single - payer plan .
A few months ago , he instead insisted on a Public Option .
But now even the Public Option comes draped in a white flag .
Why does the president continually slide - step to the Right ?
Poll after poll after poll , going back decades , shows that an overwhelming majority of the population believes the health care system needs to be overhauled or fundamentally reshaped .
A majority also thinks the government should be responsible for guaranteeing universal health care , with most wanting the government to provide it .
Yet , despite the backing of the public , and despite the fact his party controls the White House , the Senate and the House , Obama proposed a convoluted hodgepodge of concessions – all of which do little to address the system ’s inherent deficiency :
It ’s for - profit structure .
The plan would attempt to expand coverage through insurance companies , which would have the opportunity to “ compete for millions of new customers . ”
Some liberals , weary from decades of political defeat , praise Obama for offering these scraps of reform , and I join them in being pleased that a more humane system could soon be realized .
But we ’re deluding ourselves if we think this plan does n’t represent another defeat .
The real winners are sitting in offices at major health insurance companies like Aetna , UnitedHealth Group and Wellpoint .
The stock prices for all three went up the day after Obama ’s speech , and they have been making impressive gains in the last three months as Single - payer and the Public Option have faded from the agenda .
These companies know they wo n’t be punished for years of reaping exploitative profits from the sick and the dying .
Rather , they ’ll likely see a wave of new profits as health coverage is expanded under their management .
Somehow that ’s praised as pragmatic reform , instead of being criticized as more evidence of the population ’s insignificance in domestic policy .
If we allow these companies to continue running health care , we ’ll inevitably find that they value our lives only to the extent that we pay them .
Press Releases
U.S. Bank , NA , of Minneapolis , Minnesota , Assumes All of the Deposits of Nine Failed Banks in Arizona , California , Illinois and Texas
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
October 30 , 2009 Media Contact :
David Barr ( 202 ) 898-6992
Cell : ( 703 ) 622-4790
Email : dbarr@fdic.gov
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) entered into a purchase and assumption agreement with U.S. Bank , NA , of Minneapolis , Minnesota , a wholly - owned subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp , to assume all of the deposits and essentially all of the assets of nine failed banks .
The nine banks were closed this evening by federal and state bank regulators , which appointed the FDIC as receiver .
The nine banks involved in today 's transaction are : Bank USA , National Association , Phoenix , Arizona ; California National Bank , Los Angeles , California ; San Diego National Bank , San Diego , California ; Pacific National Bank , San Francisco , California ; Park National Bank , Chicago , Illinois ; Community Bank of Lemont , Lemont , Illinois ; North Houston Bank , Houston , Texas ; Madisonville State Bank , Madisonville , Texas ; and Citizens National Bank , Teague , Texas .
As of September 30 , 2009 , the banks had combined assets of $ 19.4 billion and deposits of $ 15.4 billion .
The nine banks had 153 offices , which will reopen as branches of U.S. Bank beginning tomorrow during their normal business hours .
Depositors of the nine banks will automatically become depositors of U.S. Bank .
Deposits will continue to be insured by the FDIC , so there is no need for customers to change their banking relationship to retain their deposit insurance coverage .
Customers should continue to use their existing branches until U.S. Bank can fully integrate the deposit records of the nine failed banks .
Over the weekend , depositors of the nine banks can access their money by writing checks or using ATM or debit cards .
Checks drawn on the banks will continue to be processed .
Loan
customers should continue to make their payments as usual .
The FDIC and U.S. Bank entered into a loss - share transaction on approximately $ 14.4 billion of the combined purchased assets of $ 18.2 billion .
U.S. Bank will share in the losses on the asset pools covered under the loss - share agreement .
The loss - sharing arrangement is projected to maximize returns on the assets covered by keeping them in the private sector .
The agreement also is expected to minimize disruptions for loan customers .
For more information on loss share , please visit : http://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/lossshare/index.html.
Customers who have questions about today 's transaction can contact the FDIC as follows :
Failed Bank FDIC Toll - Free Phone Number FDIC Web site Bank USA , National Association 1-800-913-3062 http://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/bankusa-az.html
California National Bank 1-800-913-5861 http://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/calnational.html
San Diego National Bank 1-800-517-1839 http://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/sandiegonational.html
Pacific National Bank 1-800-508-8289 http://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/pacificnational-ca.html
Park National Bank 1-800-450-5668 http://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/park-il.html
Community Bank of Lemont 1-800-528-6357 http://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/community-lemont.html
North Houston Bank 1-800-501-1872 http://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/northhouston-tx.html
Madisonville State Bank 1-800-913-3053 http://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/madisonville-tx.html
Citizens National Bank 1-800-517-1843 http://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/citizens-teague.html
These telephone numbers will be operational this evening until 9:00 p.m. ; on Saturday from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. ; on Sunday from noon to 6:00 p.m. ; and thereafter from 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m .
The operating hours will follow the local time zone for each bank .
The nine banks were subsidiaries of FBOP Corporation , Oak Park , Illinois .
FBOP Corporation was not closed and was not subject to today 's actions .
The FDIC's Board of Directors issued notices of assessment of cross guaranty liability against Park National Bank and Citizens National Bank .
Under statutory authority , the FDIC may assess affiliated banks for losses incurred by the Deposit Insurance Fund ( DIF ) from the failure of other banks , such as those owned by FBOP Corporation .
Congress granted the FDIC authority in 1989 to reduce the cost to the DIF for the resolution of affiliated institutions owned by the same company .
The two banks were unable to pay the amounts assessed and were closed by their chartering authorities .
The FDIC estimates that the cost of the nine banks to the DIF will be a combined $ 2.5 billion .
U.S. Bank 's acquisition of all the deposits was the " least costly " resolution for the FDIC 's DIF compared to alternatives .
The failure of the nine banks brings the nation 's total number this year to 115 .
Attachments :
# # #
Congress created the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in 1933 to restore public confidence in the nation 's banking system .
The FDIC insures deposits at the nation 's 8,195 banks and savings associations and it promotes the safety and soundness of these institutions by identifying , monitoring and addressing risks to which they are exposed .
The FDIC receives no federal tax dollars – insured financial institutions fund its operations .
FDIC press releases and other information are available on the Internet at www.fdic.gov, by subscription electronically ( go to www.fdic.gov/about/subscriptions/index.html) and may also be obtained through the FDIC's Public Information Center ( 877-275-3342 or 703-562-2200 ) .
PR -195-2009
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Colville
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
He is life size & made from articulated steel rods w/ a detachable ceramic head .
The top of which is actually a planter that can have plants planted in it .
He can be posed in pretty much any postion a real human can pose in .
He would be good for filling a swimming pool .
I think if you dressed him like a cowboy & wired him to the fence , he'd make a pretty good stock tank filler too .
The kids would probably like to run through his barf on hot days .
You could put him in or near a pond & use a recirculating pump instead of hooking him to the garden hose .
You could dress him in womens clothes & put a wig on him .
Making it a lady puker instead .
I can drive him down to Spokane for another $ 20 , [ must be prepaid by money order or check issued from bank of America only ] and elsewhere possibly .
Please excuse the poor quality of the photos .
I am horrible at taking pictures .
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Friday , Oct 30 , 2009
The Chief Medical Officer in England has described those who are speaking out against the mass swine flu vaccination campaign as “ extremists ” .
The comment made by Sir Liam Donaldson , the government ’s senior advisor on health matters , was highlighted in a Times of London article today .
“ We have had a lot of unfair public criticism and attacks in an attempt to scare people about a vaccine that ’s potentially life - saving , ” Donaldson said in reference to anti-vaccination posters depicting the H1N1 shot as a “ weapon of mass destruction ” .
“ We have seen it before with vaccines like MMR [ the combined jab for measles , mumps and rubella ] , and now extremists are doing the same thing again . ” he added .
Nicola Sturgeon , the Scottish Health Secretary added :
“ Vaccination is our best defence against this virus and I urge everyone who is in the priority groups to accept the vaccine when invited to do so . ”
[ efoods ]
Donaldson ’s remarks are ill thought out considering the fact that senior neurologists have voiced concerns over the adjuvants in the H1N1 flu vaccine and the fact that it has been rushed through safety procedures , with manufacturers provided with blanket immunity from potential lawsuits .
In addition , multiple opinion polls have revealed that half of GPs in Britain have severe reservations and doubts over the safety of the shot .
A much larger Nursing Times magazine poll in August also found that 30 % of all frontline nurses said they would refuse to be immunized , with another 33 % saying they were unsure over the vaccine .
50 % of pregnant women in the UK have also said they will refuse the vaccine .
No matter , apparently the government believes you are an “ extremist ” if you do n’t shut up and take it .
Donaldson ’s comment is also especially relevant in the wake of news that police in Britain have defined political activism as “ domestic extremism ” and are treating people who attend demonstrations as criminals , cataloguing them on multiple national databases .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Should David Cameron walk into Downing Street next year as prime minister , he will owe his sucess in significant measure to one man .
Baron Ashcroft of Chichester , deputy chairman of the Conservative Party , has not only masterminded the Tories ' enormously successful strategy in the country 's most marginal seats , he has largely paid for it all as well .
But as his party is on the verge of a return to government , the worry in Conservative circles is that their biggest supporter may also be their biggest liability as he await the results of an official inquiry into the eligibility of his donations .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
By law , a British political party can only accept a donation from someone registered to vote in the country or from a company carrying on business in the UK .
But Michael Ashcroft – despite his peerage and tireless work for the party – does not appear to be registered to vote and the enquiry is now investigating whether his company Bearwood Corporate Services Ltd was eligible to give money either .
The nightmare scenario for him is that the Electoral Commission could conclude that the millions of pounds given to the party were not permissible .
Bearwood gave the Tories £ 1,600,893 in 2008 alone , making it the party 's biggest source of funds that year .
The 2009 figure will probably be larger still .
Bearwood is known to have one UK client , because in 2008 - 09 the firm received $ 300,000 ( £ 181,000 ) in consultancy fees from BCB Holdings .
However , BCB Holdings is another Ashcroft company , so that book - keeping entry does not really tell us whether Bearwood is a genuine trading company , or just a conduit through which Lord Ashcroft funds the Tories .
This is something which the Electoral Commission has been striving to find out for a whole year .
They started asking questions about Bearwood last October , and launched a formal investigation on 30 January , after a complaint from John Mann , the Labour MP .
It has turned into the second - longest enquiry in the commission 's history , exceeded only by their investigation of the £ 2.4 m donation to the Liberal Democrats from the jailed tycoon Michael Brown .
The commission still cannot say when it might end .
The commission will not say whether Lord Ashcroft is registered to vote in the UK , because it fears that any public statement could jeopardise its enquiry .
He cannot be traced through published electoral registers , and his spokesman refused to answer this or any other question from The Independent yesterday .
But an answer can be deduced from a complaint that was made to the Electoral Commission in February 2008 , after published accounts showed that three different Conservative associations said that they had received money from Lord Ashcroft .
As the commission started to investigate , all three were told to alter their accounts and show the money as having come from Bearwood Corporate Services .
This implies that Lord Ashcroft is not entitled by law to give money to British political parties , which means that he is not a UK - registered voter .
This begs another question : does Lord Ashcroft pay any tax in the UK ?
When he was granted his peerage nine years ago , in the face of controversy over his tax status , a statement from 10 Downing Street said that he had given a " clear and unequivocal assurance " that he would domicile himself in the UK for tax purposes .
Apparently even David Cameron does not know , and does not ask , whether he has made good this promise .
When asked about his deputy chairman 's tax status at a press conference this week , Mr Cameron said it was a private matter between Lord Ashcroft and the Inland Revenue .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
Almost two years ago , the Labour MP Gordon Prentice decided that if we cannot know whether Lord Ashcroft pays tax , we should at least know to whom he made his " clear and unequivocal " promise , and whether it was in writing or by word of mouth .
Mr Prentice asked the Cabinet Secretary , Sir Gus O'Donnell , when he was giving evidence to a Commons committee , but failed to receive an answer .
In March 2008 , he sent a formal request to the Information Commissioner .
That is now turning into the longest enquiry in the history of the Information Commissioner 's office , with no answer forthcoming .
The short history of his relations with successive
Tory leaders is that he wielded huge influence under William Hague , who made him party treasurer and secured him a life peerage .
The next two leaders , Iain Duncan Smith and Michael Howard , kept a certain distance from him , partly in reaction to the publicity his presence in Conservative Central Office had attracted .
In those days , Bearwood gave money directly to local Conservative parties , who entered the sums in their accounts .
More than half the seats that the Conservatives won back in 2005 had been helped by money from Lord Ashcroft .
That year , Mr Cameron invited him back into Conservative headquarters as deputy chairman , in charge of campaigning in targeted seats .
His money is now subsumed into the party 's central funds .
This year , Lord Ashcroft has also branched out into the specialist media .
He is an investor in the magazine Total Politics , and has bought a half share in the website ConservativeHome .
Both editors say that Lord Ashcroft has never interfered with editorial policy , but when he bought half the website PoliticsHome its left - leaning editor - in - chief , Andrew Rawnsley , resigned , along with many of the site 's panel of experts .
With Lord Ashcroft back in action , Labour and Lib Dem MPs with small majorities to defend have found themselves up against Tory challengers who can afford to pay for regular newsletters delivered to every door , advertisements in local newspapers , and telephone surveys to sound out the individual concerns of voters , which in many cases are followed up by targeted mailshots .
In Gordon Prentice 's marginal seat of Pendle in Lancashire , the accounts of the local Conservative association show that they spent nearly £ 82,000 in 2008 .
That is thought to be just a fraction of the money the Tories have actually sunk into Pendle , because much of the cost is borne by party headquarters .
Tony Greaves , a Liberal Democrat peer who lives locally , reckons that the true figure is around £ 250,000 .
There is a similar picture in almost any seat on the Tory target list because these days , it seems , Lord Ashcroft is everywhere – except of course on the electoral roll or anywhere that might make him liable to pay UK taxes .
Electoral Commission and Lord Ashcroft
* The Electoral Commission was asked in February 2008 whether Lord Ashcroft , as an alleged tax exile , is entitled to donate to a UK political party .
* The question has not been answered , because Lord Ashcroft 's donations are made through his company , Bearwood Corporate Services .
* The Electoral Commission was asked in January 2009 , by Labour MP John Mann , whether Bearwood is a genuine UK trading company entitled to give donations .
* The Commission says it is still investigating .
* In March 2008 , Labour MP Gordon Prentice asked the Information Commissioner to whom Lord Ashcroft made a promise that he would become a UK taxpayer .
* The Commissioner 's office says that it hopes to answer the question soon .
Four improvised ambient guitar pieces .
Every sound on the album was produced by a guitar .
Performed and recorded by Scott Byrnes between 9/23/09 and 9/25/09 .
contact : scott ( at ) scott - byrnes ( dot ) com
Check out our new Studentzone for more advice on finding a job – and follow our graduate bloggers as they embark on their first year in the big wide world
Nicola Holt
You ’re sitting back with your eyes covered , blocking out the red light that illuminates the room .
The white noise hissing in your ears further dulls your already deprived senses .
Now your mind is open and ready to receive the telepathic message your friend is sending you from the next room .
This does n’t sound like a typical scientific experiment , but Nicola Holt is n’t an ordinary scientist .
She specialises in parapsychology , anomalous experiences and the role of altered states of consciousness in creativity .
The above experiment was part of a post - doc research project , the results of which showed that people could pick out the message their friend was trying to send , out of four options available , significantly more often than would occur by chance .
“ I ’ve always been quite sceptical , but at the same time I ’ve always been interested in the idea that there are other modes of cognition than we typically experience in everyday life , ” says Nicola .
“ This result was n’t enough to convince me that telepathy is a real phenomenon , but it was enough for me to think that this warranted more research . ”
Advertisement
So just what is an anomalous experience ?
“ This can include meditative states , mystical experiences , paranormal experiences where someone might feel a telepathic connection with someone else , or lucid dreams and out - of - body experiences – anything out of the ordinary , ” Nicola explains .
“ My job is to design experiments to explore the mechanisms behind such experiences and their implications for how our brain works . ”
It ’s not easy working on the outer fringes of human consciousness , and since Nicola left the cosy bubble of her PhD department she has noticed that people in other psychology departments respond differently to what she does .
“ It ’s usually regarded either with scepticism or curiosity , ” she says .
Nicola ’s work is far from hocus pocus , however .
From a clinical point of view , there is an interest in anomalous experiences as they could be symptomatic of an underlying disorder , such as schizophrenia .
This wiki is being migrated to the Linux Foundation Real - Time Linux Project hosted wiki .
The new page is available at :
This page is now deprecated .
Red Hat announced Wednesday the release of Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5.4 , a new major point update of the company 's popular commercial Linux distribution .
This version introduces official support for KVM and marks an important milestone in Red Hat 's gradual transition away from Xen .
KVM , the Kernel - based Virtual Machine , is an open source framework that brings native full virtualization to the Linux kernel .
It is primarily designed for the x86 architecture ( though others are supported ) and takes advantage of processor virtualization extensions .
It has been part of the mainline Linux kernel since 2.6.20 and has become the favored virtualization solution of the upstream kernel community .
" Because KVM is integrated into the Linux kernel , it takes full advantage of the operating environment , " Red Hat explains in a blog entry .
" This includes hardware and application support .
Hardware and software certified on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5 should be transparently certified for virtual guests as well .
System tools , including management , SELinux security and Red Hat Network all work in both physical , virtual , host and guest deployments . "
Red Hat was previously closely aligned with the popular Xen virtualization solution and made Xen a core part of Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5 , which was released in 2007 .
Over the past few years , Red Hat 's allegiances have shifted towards KVM for reasons that are likely both technical and political .
XenSource , the company behind Xen , was acquired by Citrix in late 2007 .
The close ties between Citrix and Microsoft could potentially have created some challenges for Red Hat .
The Linux vendor developed an interest in KVM and began contributing to the project .
Last year , Red Hat 's virtualization strategy got a major boost when the company acquired Qumranet , the company behind KVM .
Red
Hat started down a path of gradually shifting its enterprise software ecosystem from Xen to KVM .
The introduction of KVM in RHEL 5.4 , which makes Red Hat 's stand - alone KVM virtualization solution a standard part of the enterprise distro , is a noteworthy milestone in that transition .
" Red Hat Enterprise Linux plays a significant role in Red Hat 's virtualization strategy , " said Red Hat platform business unit vice president Scott Crenshaw in a statement .
" The availability of Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5.4 with the same virtualization technology base as Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization today is a significant step in our delivery of virtualization to the market . "
Xen will likely be phased out in favor of KVM for RHEL 6 .
This move wo n't leave Red Hat 's current Xen users out in the cold , however , because the lengthy duration of Red Hat 's support cycle will ensure that it continues to be maintained in RHEL5 for years to come .
There is also a nifty tool called Xenner that makes it possible to run a Xen kernel and lightweight Xen emulator inside of a KVM guest environment without requiring the Xen hypervisor .
Red Hat 's virtualization management tools , including oVirt , support both Xen and KVM .
Bill Sardi
Lew Rockwell.com
Saturday , September 26 , 2009
If your understanding is the current H1N1 late - 2009 season flu pandemic began in Mexico as it spread from herds of pigs to humans there you are probably among the millions who have been misled as to the origins of this flu outbreak .
Only one group of virologists that I could find has asked the right questions and has properly investigated the origins of the H1N1 swine flu virus of 2009 .
Yet even these virologists are off the mark when it comes to understanding the current flu pandemic .
Professor Adrian Gibbs and Dr. Jean Downie , virologists writing at the Institute of Science in Society , provide much of the following data for the origins of the current late - season flu outbreak that is sweeping the globe .
It is easy to get confused when reading about H1N1 flu viruses .
When referring to H1N1 flu variants , these do not necessarily refer to the triple reassortant H1N1 late - 2009 flu virus that is completely novel and unprecedented .
The Spanish Flu of 1918 was an H1N1 flu variant , but not the exact variant currently in circulation .
These flu variants need to be distinguished from each other .
Furthermore , pay careful attention here because the H1N1 late - 2009 season flu virus is now the prevalent flu virus in circulation in the North American population and for unexplained reasons the seasonal flu threat has ceased to exist , at least at the date of writing this report ( Sept. 24 , 2009 ) .
The seasonal flu has vanished this year .
Here are the facts surrounding an investigation into the origins of the H1N1 swine flu of 2009 as Professor Gibbs and Dr. Downie present them , along with cited references to other important facts I uncovered in my own investigation :
The swine flu virus of 2009 appeared suddenly and without warning , and evaded all routine flu surveillance and quarantine .
This flu is not like other flu viruses seen in the past .
It is a triple - reassortant flu virus .
Examination of the longer phylogenetic branch length compared to its nearest genetic neighbors indicates that the appearance of this novel H1N1 swine flu virus of 2009 is unlikely to be a recent event .
[ Virus Genes , early online , August 20 , 2009 ]
But this would mean it had to be in circulation for many years , for which there is no evidence .
However , a long development period assumes natural variation and gene mutation rates , not mutations induced by artificial means , or the actual creation of this virus in a laboratory and subsequent instillation into human populations .
Six of this flu virus ’ genes came from a “ triple - reassortant ” influenza virus ( or viruses ) .
These viruses were found in North American pigs more than a decade ago , then completely disappeared , and have never been found in Europe .
The other two genes came from Eurasian “ avian - like ” viruses common in Europe for longer , but never found in North America .
However , both groups of H1N1 viruses have been found recently in pigs in southeast Asia .
Movement of live pigs between Eurasia and North America may have facilitated mixing of diverse swine influenzas , leading to the multiple reassortant events .
This goes unquestioned .
But there is a strong reason to think the possibility of swine - to - human transmission is a misdirection .
While pigs are exported from one country to another , they are exported from North America to Asia , not the other way around .
Strict quarantine measures are employed when pigs are exported so as not to contaminate an existing herd with disease .
Usually imported pigs are kept in quarantine , away from a larger herd , for a period of two weeks .
If an imported herd brought a suspect gene sequence with it , it would have had to somehow evade quarantine measures .
The development of this virus would require at least two trans - continental trips to get together in one place , and hence this theory requires at least two quarantine failures , probably three say Drs. Gibbs and Downie .
This is not likely .
None of the genes found in this swine influenza had been in current circulation .
The NA ( nearuaminidase ) gene had not been identified in samples for 17 years before it reappeared in early 2009 , and the others , including the MP gene , for around 11 years .
Drs. Gibbs and Downie say this suggests the virus emanated from a swine herd vaccine .
Or it could have emanated from an accidental release from an infected human working at a vaccine plant , or it was intentionally induced into human populations in Mexico .
If this virus had originated earlier then most likely it would have spread to the human and / or pig populations earlier , and would probably have been detected as there are hundreds of influenza monitoring stations across the globe .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Laboratories house a range of flu viruses which could explain why the swine flu of 2009 escaped detection for years and reappeared .
Such a laboratory escape would not require generations to produce mutations or variations and reassortants .
Labs that develop and combine viruses in multivalent swine herd vaccines are a likely source of recombination .
This avenue of investigation has not been adequately pursued .
But again , there is strong reason to believe contaminated animal vaccines are not involved here .
According to Drs. Gibbs and Downie , the simplest scenario is that a contaminated multivalent vaccine was not fully sterilized .
There has been no report of an outbreak of a H1N1 swine flu virus in a pig herd in the USA , whereas it has been reported among unvaccinated pig herds in other parts of the world ; two each in Canada and Australia , and one in Argentina .
This would suggest animal vaccination may have something to do with the origins triple reassortant flu viruses .
But again , strong skepticism of this idea should be expressed .
Historically , influenza was not first recognized clinically in pigs until the late summer and fall of 1918 in the midwestern United States .
This gives rise to the notion that the Spanish flu of 1918 was spread to swine herds from humans .
This is why this year ’s late - season flu outbreak has health officials worried .
Is this a re-play of the deadly 1918 Spanish flu pandemic ?
The H1N1 influenza lineage that circulated in the human population for four decades after the 1918 Spanish influenza epidemic , disappeared during the 1957 Asian influenza pandemic and reappeared in 1977 .
Drs. Gibbs and Downie note that the H1N1 that reappeared was found to be genetically close to an H1N1 isolate collected in 1950 , indicating that it had probably been held in a laboratory freezer between 1950 and 1977 .
Drs. Gibbs and Downie recommend immediate action to :
Obtain samples of all flu variants used in swine herd vaccines in North America .
Identify stocks of refrigerated swine viruses which should be checked for gene sequencing .
Examine quarantine measures when swine herds are moved from one part of the world to another to determine if quarantine measures are adequate .
But these efforts may prove to be fruitless in determining the origin of this flu outbreak .
Since 1997 , novel viruses of three different subtypes and five different genotypes have emerged as agents of influenza among pigs in North America .
The appearance of these viruses is remarkable because there were no substantial changes in the overall epidemiology of swine influenza in the United States and Canada for over 60 years prior to this time .
Viruses of the classical H1N1 lineage were virtually the exclusive cause of swine influenza only from the time of their initial isolation in 1930 through 1998 .
[ Virus Research 2002 May 10;85(2):199–210 ]
Since 1998 triple reassortant swine influenza viruses have been isolated from pigs in the United States and a human case of a triple reassortant swine flu infection was reported in the US as early as 2005 .
This patient was exposed to freshly - killed pigs .
[ Emerging Infectious Diseases 2008 Sep ; 14(9 ) :1470 –2 ]
A report published in The New England Journal of Medicine in June of 2009 indicates triple - reassortant swine flu influenza A H1 viral infections were reported among a few humans who worked closely with pigs from 2005 to 2009 .
[ New England J Medicine .
2009 Jun 18 ; 360(25) :2616 –25 ]
However , this is not the exact flu virus that is currently sweeping globe with a late season onset in 2009 .
Michael Gregor MD claims crowding in pig farms is a factor in the development of the current triple reassortant flu virus infecting humans , asserting its precursor was first discovered in pig herds in North Carolina in 1998 .
North Carolina is the home of the nation ’s largest pig farms .
And it ’s true , 3/4ths of the genetic material in the H1N1 human swine flu of 2009 comes from this 1998 pool of swine viruses .
[ Humane Society , August 26 , 2009 ]
But again , this may be a misdirection .
Sometimes the obvious is not recognized .
With all of the prior discussion about swine - origin influenza , this H1N1 late - 2009 flu season virus is not currently found in pig herds , says Vincent Racaniello PhD , Professor of Microbiology at Columbia University Medical Center .
The virus may have originated in a human !
Asking the question “ where did ‘ pig zero ’ come from ? ” may be the wrong question .
Wikipedia accurately acknowledges that “ the 2009 H1N1 virus is not zoonotic swine flu ( zoonotic = transmitted from animals to people ) , as it is not transmitted from pigs to humans , but from person to person . ”
The tracking of the lineage of this virus has been perplexing if for no other reason than the misdirection to investigate herds of pigs .
News reporters may have been misled from the outset .
For example , Karen Kaplan of The Tribune Newspaper wrote on Sept. 13 , 2009 that “ Somehow , a single pig became simultaneously infected with that virus and a pure swine flu strain found in pigs in Europe and Asia .
The two strains swapped genetic material to produce the new H1N1 strain , which then began to infect humans . ”
But the virus has not been detected in swine herds so far .
It is similar to other reassortant flu viruses , but not the same .
The current H1N1 outbreak in Mexico in early 2009 was predicted by Replikins , a Boston - based biotech company in April of 2008 using human , not pig data .
Replikins also indicates it alerted public health authorities and government agencies of its prediction .
Replikins says changes in Replikin Count have been shown to precede the clinical reality by six to 12 months in all other influenza outbreaks of record .
The company says it has demonstrated that all influenza pandemics and epidemics , and their cessation , over the last 90 years have been associated with statistically significant changes in the concentration ( Replikin Count™ ) of a particular group of genomic peptides of the virus associated with rapid replication ( Replikins ) .
Was government tipped off ahead of time over the appearance of this triple reassortant flu virus ?
Replikins bases their predictions upon analysis of something called the “ Replikin Count™ ” – or number of Replikins per 100 amino acids .
The company claims , in all three of the last century ’s influenza pandemics ( H1N1 in 1918 ; H2N2 in 1957 ; and H3N2 in 1968 ) the amino acid sequences of the reported strains exhibited a strain - specific increase in the Replikin Count™ peptide quantities .
Replikins also claims the Replikin Count™ reached 7 – the same level achieved during the H1N1 1918 Pandemic .
However , this dreaded H1N1 late - season flu outbreak of 2009 has not produced a significant increase in mortality to even approach the mortality rate of the 1918 Spanish Flu .
About 10 – 20 % of those who were infected with the Spanish Flu of 1918 died .
[ Wikipedia ]
The fatality rate for the late - season 2009 flu outbreak is estimated at 0.5 % , or 5 deaths per 1000 people infected .
Replikins also claims at its website that “ This month ( July 2009 ) , Replikins , Ltd. was contacted by and reached out to senior government health officials in dozens of countries to offer the FluForecast® service .
Many countries plan to introduce the service to their public health surveillance programs both for early warning and for tracking epidemics . ”
But the Replikins system did not accurately predict severity .
Did the Replikins predictive technology mislead governments throughout the world , who had foreknowledge of the flu outbreak in Mexico , of its severity ?
The origin of the late - 2009 seasons H1N1 flu virus , or “ patient one ” may be a person in Mexico or elsewhere who was given a multivalent seasonal flu vaccine and / or anti-viral drugs ( i.e. Tamiflu ) and in whom mutations occurred .
But even then , this does not explain the wide and near - impossible gene segments that originated from different continents and would have had to reassort more than twice .
If a pig was not the origin of the novel H1N1 late season flu virus of 2009 then did this influenza reassort in a human ?
Investigative journalist Wayne Madsen , using an unnamed virologist as the source of his information , is the only journalist that I can find to claim the late - season triple reassortant flu virus of 2009 emanated from a laboratory strain that was implanted into a human , who served as a “ guinea pig ” to permit the exchange of genes seen in this virus .
All that is known is that the first late - 2009 season H1N1 flu virus occurred in a human and that it is not a “ swine virus ” but a “ human virus . ”
Madsen ’s unnamed expert virologist also says , contrary to many news reports , there is no evidence that RNA / DNA from the 1918 influenza virus has been detected in this 2009 H1N1 strain .
Madsen ’s virologist throws up his hands to explain the exact origin of this pandemic H1N1 flu virus of 2009 by saying “ technology can create any kind of virus you want . ”
[ Wayne Madsen Reports Sept. 16 , 2009 ]
Fear of a mutated flu virus which no one has antibodies towards is the great fear of all public health officials .
Over -reliance upon vaccination and anti-flu drugs increases genetic pressure for flu viruses to mutate into treatment - resistant forms .
Genetic mutation is accelerated with the use of vaccines and antivirals .
[ PLoS One 4(3) :e4915 , March 18 , 2009 ; Virology Journal 5 : 133–39 , October 2008 ]
Just how do flu viruses mutate within a human ?
It is known that bursts of free radicals can induce gene mutations in viruses .
[ FASEB Journal 2000 Jul ; 14(10 ) :1447–54 ]
Vaccination of birds and humans against the flu has been shown to apply genetic pressure and induce more rapid genetic drifts .
[ Virology Journal 2008 ; 5 : 15 ]
Bursts of free radicals emanate from what is called a “ cytokine storm . ”
Cytokines are substances that are secreted by specific cells of the immune system and can increase 1000 - fold during infection .
Over - reactive cytokine response is attributed to the fatality rate of flu viruses .
[ Mikrobiyol Bulletin 2008 Apr;42(2):365–80 ]
Whole inactivated or so - called “ killed ” viral vaccines , which are the most commonly used , are plagued by their inability to activate antibodies .
So they generally require strong adjuvants and several injections to be fully effective .
[ Clinical Microbiology Review 2007 ; 20 : 489–510 ]
Adjuvants are pharmacological or immunological agents that modify the effect of other agents ( e.g. , drugs , vaccines ) .
MF59 , the favored squalene - based adjuvant employed in both swine herd and human vaccines , could possibly trigger mutations that make flu viruses treatment resistant .
Researchers indicate MF59 does indeed induce greater immune response due to its ability to generate cytokines !
[ Proceedings National Academy Sciences U S A. 2008 Jul 29 ; 105(30 ) :10501–6 ]
It has been repeatedly shown that nutritional deficiencies , particularly of vitamin E and the trace mineral selenium , exacerbate the immune response to replicating flu viruses and that this then leads to alterations in the gene makeup of the viral genome , resulting in a mortal outcome .
[ Trends Microbiology 2004 Sep ;12(9) :417–23 ]
Nutritional deficiency not only affects the host response to the virus but also the viral genome itself .
[ Proceedings Nutrition Society 1999 Aug;58(3) :707–11 ]
To limit mortality , public health officials should be fortifying foods with selenium and vitamin E to head off the possibility of gene mutations among flu sufferers .
[ J Trace Element Med Biol .
2007;21(1):52–62 ]
It ’s obvious that public health officials are more intent upon preparing a vaccine to address an impending flu outbreak late this fall in North America than asking where this H1N1 swine - origin triple - assortment influenza virus came from and how it developed .
The low mortality rate associated with this flu outbreak does not deserve the attention the news media has given it or the widespread preparations that public health authorities have made .
The $ 9 billion the U.S. allotted to fight a flu that has crossed continents , that did not spark a deadly flu outbreak in South America during their flu season , and which so far has resulted in fewer deaths than recent past seasonal flu outbreaks in North America , speaks for intentional misdirection or even possible conspiracy involving vaccine makers and politicians to create a flu pandemic .
That the so - called swine flu was first observed in Mexico just at the same time Nicholas Sarkozy , president of France , was visiting there to announcement the establishment of a new French vaccine plant in Mexico , has to be more than coincidence .
It is obvious , cash - strapped local health authorities want the money being offered by the federal government and are being bribed into stirring up flu hysteria .
According to the latest survey , about 49 % of Americans are ready and willing to be vaccinated for this unusual flu strain that struck North America late in the 2008 –09 flu season , in an alleged pattern similar to the deadly flu pandemic of 1918 .
It appears governments around the world had foreknowledge of this viral pandemic .
Not only did Replikins , a Boston - based biotech company , warn governments in 2008 of developing flu viruses that were of concern , but The Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) began drills to administer vaccines in South Texas prior to the first cases this flu in Mexico beginning March 18 , 2009 .
FEMA began pandemic flu preparations as early as 2007 .
The US Treasury Department also began coordinated flu pandemic preparations with Homeland Security also in 2007 .
This article was posted : Saturday , September 26 , 2009 at 5:47 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
It may have seemed comically over - optimistic when he was attempting to force himself into the Conservative leadership contest in 2005 , but David Cameron 's promise that " nothing and no one can stop us " appears increasingly prophetic .
Four years ago today , when the then shadow education secretary mounted the stage at the Winter Gardens in Blackpool for his first - ever conference speech , his party had lost three general elections in a row .
Only the few enduringly positive members of the party expected an improvement in fortunes .
" We can change this party and we can change this country , " Mr Cameron told delegates who were still largely leaning towards the front - runner , David Davis .
" Let the message go out from this conference that a modern , compassionate Conservative Party is right for this time . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It was a radical view , but he has been remarkably consistent in making good his pledge that " there will be no turning back , no false starts , no more tacking one way or another " .
Four years on , a combination of his own shrewd leadership and the hapless management of an embattled Prime Minister , dogged by catastrophic economic events , has propelled Mr Cameron to the brink of power .
While last week 's Labour conference may have marked the final rumblings of Gordon Brown , the Conservatives hope this week will be the start of David Cameron 's long coronation .
He takes the stage at Manchester Central this week as the overwhelming favourite to become the next prime minister , within nine short months .
The euphoria , the polling data , the support of Britain 's biggest national newspaper and the growing desolation of the Tories ' opponents can't be wrong .
Or can they ?
Such overwhelming supremacy presents the Cameron high command with a series of critical challenges that have not faced his party since it was last coasting towards an expected election victory , more than 20 years ago , in 1987 .
Complacency , a struggle to present a convincing policy platform to the electorate , the traditional Tory row over Europe and even the outside chance of a revitalised challenge from a moribund Government : there are many potential pitfalls that could interrupt Mr Cameron 's serene waltz to power .
With the nation 's day of decision looming , the Conservative leader must prove there is political depth , even statesmanship , beneath the " call me Dave " affability that has won him such support so far .
The party has pledged that , this week , it will finally begin to show the policies that will form the basis of its programme for government next spring
Mr Cameron has largely succeeded in the " detoxification " of his party : more liberal social and environmental policies have helped to recast it as a more caring organisation that can win the approval of voters who would previously have been turned off by its more strident face .
But he knows that , in order to maintain that support , and transform it into support at the ballot box , he must present a comprehensive package of policies that make him look like a three - dimensional leader .
The Independent on Sunday 's opinion poll today suggests that many of his target voters admit they still do not know what he stands for .
The slipperiness is demonstrated by his answers to 10 questions on policy , published in The IoS today .
Mr Cameron will attempt to reassure them in an interview on The Andrew Marr Show today and during his own keynote speech .
" We wo n't be playing it safe , " Mr Cameron insisted yesterday .
" Instead we will be offering bold plans to deal with the big problems the country faces . "
The gradual lifting of the veil began yesterday , with the announcement that the Tories would introduce a " home protection scheme " to prevent older people having to sell their properties to fund long - term care .
The move is a surgical strike at the concerns of the ageing middle classes , one of the sectors the Tories must dominate if it is to have any hope of winning power .
Party managers promise more policy initiatives to flesh out the Tory approach in other areas – for example , the pledge to break the " cartel " of the big six energy firms keeping retail energy prices high when wholesale prices fall , revealed by the shadow Energy Secretary , Greg Clark , in The IoS today .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
However , the shadow Chancellor , George Osborne , is expected to give little of note away in the central area of tax and spending – and the totemic issue of cuts in public services – at least until the Government reveals more about its own plans in the pre-Budget report this month .
The lack of candour may cause problems , not least because the Tories must be expected to produce a comprehensive route - map to national recovery .
Nevertheless , the sense of impending power is tangible , and the mood is underlined by the size of the Tory jamboree this year .
Figures released by the party this weekend showed that the number of fringe meetings has increased from 332 in 2008 to 371 this year , while there will be 118 exhibitors at conference , compared with 80 last year .
Lobbyists and activists clearly believe they are now looking at a government in waiting .
Mr Cameron 's colleagues are also desperate to clamp down on the complacency , even triumphalism , that has fatally damaged front - runners in the past .
The expectant atmosphere has set the alarm bells ringing in Central Office , where there are fears that the four - day conference could turn into a celebration of the " coronation " , to rival Labour 's Sheffield rally in 1992 .
" Of course , we can not be seen to be pouring glasses of champagne down our necks , " one Shadow Cabinet aide said last night .
However ,
Tory organisers will be unable to stop the champagne flowing at the Party for Change on Wednesday , the last full night of the conference , before Mr Cameron himself closes proceedings with his speech on Thursday .
Conference week , therefore , begins not with a clarion call to prepare for government , but an official warning that the party approaches the election from " a historically weak starting point " .
An internal briefing paper , leaked on the eve of the gathering , tells aides , MPs and candidates that : " To become prime minister David Cameron must surpass the electoral achievements of both Margaret Thatcher and Winston Churchill . "
But Mr Cameron 's glide towards power has the look of Tony Blair 's victory in 1997 – and , like the former Labour leader , he can also count on the support of The Sun .
Britain 's biggest national newspaper managed to enliven the Conservative conference almost a week before it started , and cast a pall over Labour 's big event in one fell swoop last Tuesday .
When the Prime Minister did his reluctant ring - around of editors to gather their views on his speech on Tuesday afternoon , he found the new man in charge at the nation 's most popular daily strangely jumpy .
" Gordon said he was surprised that Dominic Mohan seemed a bit nervous , " one close Brown aide said last night .
" He thought it was perhaps because he was relatively new .
It all makes sense now . "
Mr Brown clearly knew the political value of The Sun 's support , and the crushing effect that daily condemnation in its pages can have .
But it was the timing of the attack , after Brown had pulled his party together with a rousing speech , that made it appear a vindictive assault , rather than a political manoeuvre .
Thus the Cameron camp was left disappointed that the move was portrayed as an attack on the PM , rather than an endorsement of their man .
It remains one crumb of comfort for Labour , but the party is still convinced it can make headway elsewhere , as revealed in the old / new line of attack unveiled by Mr Brown and Lord Mandelson last week .
Mr Cameron , they argue , stands for a privileged elite , rather than the majority – all cuts in front - line services and reductions in tax for the most well - off .
It is a hoary old attack that has failed before , but in straitened economic circumstances they believe they can make it work .
More promisingly for Labour , the " Tory split on Europe " headline has been revived in the run-up to the conference , with a poll of 2,205
Tory members finding that more than eight in 10 want him to call a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty even if it has been approved by the next general election .
Total withdrawal from the European Union is the most favoured option among party members when asked how a Tory government should handle the issue , while 82 per cent want to freeze Britain 's financial contributions to the EU .
The challenge for Mr Cameron this week is to convince the country that his party has changed .
If he can do that , he will be a step closer to Downing Street .
As he observed during his career - making speech exactly four years ago : " There 's one thing Gordon Brown fears more than anything else – a Conservative Party that has the courage to change . "
What to expect at the conference :
Will they keep the champagne on ice ?
The policies
By the end of the week , David Cameron needs to convince the wider world that he has the policies to match the PR .
Every day will see a Shadow Cabinet member unveil a new policy – to deflect criticism that they have an empty prospectus to put to the electorate .
Today , it will be a replacement for the New Deal – entitled " Get Britain Working " – which will cover employment opportunities for those in schools and universities as well as the jobless .
On Tuesday will be a pledge to end the " cartel " of energy companies keeping customers ' bills high .
The same day , George Osborne speaks on the economy – with very little room to move on tax and spending , there is likely to be , however , an eye - catching economic policy to rally the troops .
The fight against complacency
The desire among MPs and activists to celebrate the Tories ' apparently imminent return to power could be difficult to control .
There is a ban on champagne at official Conservative parties , but this is unlikely to hold in other parties on the fringes .
Mr Cameron needs to be able to look like a prime minister in waiting but without any hint of complacency .
The problem is , Shadow Cabinet members are already talking about " when we get into government " .
Who to watch
For fashion - watchers , it is Samantha Cameron .
For everyone else , it will be Eric Pickles – on Twitter , in the hall , on the fringe and at the parties .
The Tory chairman , the northern working - class counter - weight to public school Cameron and George Osborne , is being pushed as the " face of the conference " .
He will have stiff competition from the Mayor of London , Boris Johnson , though , who could overshadow the whole lot when he appears on stage on Monday .
Thorns in Cameron 's side
Will Michal Kaminski and Roberts Zile , two leading politicians from Cameron 's European Conservatives and Reformists with controversial views , overshadow his bid for power ?
Kaminski and Zile will appear at a fringe meeting , but Tory sources did not rule out last night the possibility that they might be in the spotlight on the main stage .
Elsewhere , Daniel Hannan , the Eurosceptic MEP with incendiary views on the NHS , will appear on the fringe to push the case for a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty – even if it has been ratified across Europe .
Measure of success
When Cameron walks on to the stage for his speech on Thursday , he needs to have achieved two things : the first , to neutralise the Europe issue ; the second , to keep a lid on triumphalism .
The Tory leader still gets nervous on these setpiece occasions – despite his apparent comfort both behind the podium or walking around – but this must be easier than the unknown quantity of rampant Euroscepticism mixed with too many glasses of Veuve Cliquot .
Apart from that , it is his moment to lose .
How close is Mr Cameron to power ?
The big story last week was about The Sun 's defection from Labour to the Tories .
But there are the hundreds of lobbyists who will be packing the hotel bars and fringe meeting rooms .
There are the 2,000 journalists accredited for the event – a sure sign of how power is flowing to the Tories .
Perhaps most significantly , Cameron has hired a photographer , Andrew Parsons , to document the inside story of his path to Downing Street – copying Barack Obama 's campaign photos .
Expect pictures of the Tory leader backstage agonising over his speech in the final minutes , or of downtime with Samantha .
Jane Merrick
Competition : Devise a policy for Dave
The Tory leader is much criticised for not having many of these – though a few may be on the way this week .
We are offering Independent on Sunday readers the chance to help him out .
Your suggestions can be serious or funny .
We will publish a selection , and the best 10 will win boxed DVD sets of The New Statesman , featuring thrusting young politician Alan B'Stard .
Please send your entries to sundayletters@independent.co.uk
Good luck !
Vancouver , B.C. – Vancouver Canucks President & General Manager Mike Gillis announced that the Canucks have reduced their pre-season roster by eight players today .
The Canucks now have 29 players on their pre-season roster .
Most businessmen prefer dealing with customers face to face .
Walt Young spent six decades talking to the back of his clients ’ heads .
That ends today when Young , 81 , retires from The Upper Cut , the barbershop he has run at 1912 E. Colfax Ave. since 1969 .
The block is losing more than a man skilled with clippers and scissors .
Young took people under his wing .
There was the guy who swept his sidewalk in exchange for haircuts .
And a man named Bobby who had spent 1,700 days in county detox and was reunited with his long - lost daughter thanks to Young .
Politicians who sat in his chair got a half - hour primer on their constituents ’ concerns ; the hair tonic was tossed in free .
Beyond that , Young ’s customers have lost what amounts to their second living room .
“ Barbershops occupy a unique place in society , ” Young said on a recent afternoon .
“ People come in and interact with each other , talk , exchange ideas .
It ’s an intimate space .
“ For me , it ’s been mind - expanding to absorb so much from people one on one over 60 years . ”
Young has no interest in a farewell party .
The longtime Colfax figure , an accomplished artist , traveler , raconteur and amateur historian , is simply walking away .
“ I ’m flying under the radar , ” he said .
“ I do n’t want a party for the old guy .
That happened to my cousin in Fort Collins , and a month later he was dead . ”
Young has barbered since 1949 , the year he earned his tonsorial license in his native Illinois .
Save for a brief
Army stint , he has operated a shop ever since .
Even during his military hitch , he cut hair in the evening at the PX .
That ’s a lot of noggins .
“ People always ask me how many haircuts I ’ve given , and I always tell them 1,200,006 , ” Young said with a laugh .
Accepting Colfax , warts and all
Young is a dapper man with bifocals and iron - gray hair .
A recent afternoon found him waxing philosophical .
It was n’t just the falling rain ; his erudition bubbles up in all weather .
For Young , the shop was a place to hear ideas , hash them out and absorb the sundry truths extracted .
“ It beats a college education all to hell , ” he said .
Young never cared about customers ’ status .
Unlike life , everyone who entered his shop waited their turn .
He has befriended street people and society types alike .
That reunion of the old rummy and his daughter ?
The man is long dead , but the daughter still drops in from California to check up on Young .
When he tells the story — “ I know it ’s kind of soapy ” — his eyes well up .
“ He ’s kind of a renaissance guy , ” said U.S. Rep .
Mike Coffman of Aurora , who has visited Young almost monthly for 11 years .
“ You ’d be stunned by his depth of knowledge .
He loves to talk about issues .
“ I ’m going to miss him , ” he said .
“ He was an institution . ”
The Upper Cut is an unfancy place : red-leather barber chairs from the Emil J. Paider Co. , three sinks , settees for waiting customers , a magazine rack .
On the wall is a photo of the late Denver political activist Rodolfo “ Corky ” Gonzales , back when he was a top featherweight contender .
Gonzales inscribed it for Young : “ To the pope of Colfax Avenue . ”
And for many , he is .
“ His gift is that he has accepted Colfax for what it is and by doing that , he ’s survived all these years , ” said Phil Goodstein , a Denver historian who has known Young since the mid-1980s .
“ Other people do n’t appreciate Colfax and come in and try to reinvent it .
Then they ’re gone .
He ’s the conscience of the neighborhood . ”
Young , who lives two blocks from his shop , contributes regularly to monthly newsletter Life on Capitol Hill , holding forth on the neighborhood and its history .
The Upper Cut ’s shop window looks out onto East Colfax .
Young saw a lot , including some things he wishes he had n’t .
“ I saw two pedestrians killed by cars , ” he said .
“ And one day I saw a drunk get run over by a bus .
I mean , he was under the bus .
Somehow he got out , stood up and walked away . ”
Young ’s friends can’t believe he ’s leaving .
“ I ’ve known Walt for 47 years , ” said Pete Contos , owner of Satire Lounge and Pete ’s Kitchen a few doors away .
“ He ’s a great guy .
I feel lonesome seeing him go .
He was Mr. Colfax . ”
Truth to tell , Young is n’t keen on retirement .
But a recent fall left him with double vision .
“ It got awkward to cut hair and was n’t fun , ” he said .
Dairy just was n’t his destiny
He was just seven years from breaking his father ’s longevity record for barbering , the bulk of it done at Chicago ’s famed Palmer House hotel .
“ Dad told me to be a milkman , ” Young said .
“ Said I ’d meet a lot of women . ”
Young ’s skills go beyond combs and clippers .
The shop walls are lined with his art : oil paintings , pastels , portraits in pencil .
They are the work of a first - rate talent , not just a pretty good amateur .
Young has shown in area galleries but is unsure how many works he ’ll churn out in his retirement .
“ The muse comes and goes , ” he said .
“ I ca n’t really say what I ’m going to do . ”
Divorced , with six grown children , Young does n’t know how many regulars he ’s had .
But a few years ago , he successfully petitioned the city to reduce the parking - meter fees along his stretch of Colfax .
He came up with nearly 400 signatures .
For the past six years , he has barbered with Kim Phuong Pham , who left Vietnam in 1981 .
She addresses him as “ Uncle . ”
Pham will stay on , with a new shopkeeper who has signed a lease .
“ I ’ll miss him , ” she said .
Young will miss the shop .
He wants folks to know they can find him at 7 each morning at the Starbucks at 1600 E. 18th Ave .
He ’ll be happy to chat .
“ The dialogues are important to me , ” he said .
“ Wherever I go , I find a conversation with somebody . ”
And finally , they will all be face to face .
William Porter : 303-954-1877 or wporter@denverpost.com
By Jason Palmer
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
The prototype scanner is compact and made of comparatively cheap parts Scientists say they have developed a quick technique for detecting liquids that could be used as explosives .
If commercialised , the new method could potentially end restrictions on liquids carried onto commercial airlines .
The light - based approach uses cheap components and can reliably identify a range of liquids in just one - fifth of a second , the German scientists say .
The work , published in the journal Superconductor Science and Technology , could have additional applications .
A number of research efforts are under way to solve the liquids problem for airline passengers .
There are , in fact , several techniques which could be employed .
These include nuclear magnetic spectroscopy , which uses the magnetic properties of chemical nuclei to obtain information about a sample .
However , all of the available options are either too expensive or require too much time for the practical screening of thousands of pieces of luggage .
Chemical ' fingerprint '
Now , a group at the Forschungszentrum ( Research Centre ) Juelich in Germany has proposed a technique they call Hilbert spectroscopy .
Their idea is to use a very wide spectrum of light to identify either liquids that could be mixed to form an explosive , or that are already mixed .
All materials reflect light in a way that is particular to their identity , and many techniques used in both security and scientific research rely on measuring the reflection or absorption of light to identify materials .
Analysis of the results can be carried out on a small computer However , in practice , measurements on baggage are confused by the packaging and items inside .
Researchers behind the new technique say they have managed to get around this problem by using a wide range of frequencies between a few gigahertz and a few terahertz - which is between 100 and 10,000 times lower in frequency than the visible light that passes easily through labels and packaging .
The trick , they say , is to use a " nano - electronic " device known as a Josephson junction .
This allows the frequencies of light reflected from a sample to be quickly added up .
This in turn provides a chemical " fingerprint " of the item being analysed .
The principal advantage of using the Josephson junction is that it can span the low and high frequency ranges covered by other , significantly more expensive devices , said Yuri Divin , of the Forschungszentrum Juelich .
" No one type of spectroscopy can operate from a few gigahertz to a few terahertz [ in the way ]
Hilbert spectroscopy [ can ] , " he told BBC News . " [ In ] applications where you need high - speed operation - such as security screening - it should happen fast and in a " broadband " [ way ] to make it reliable with a low number of false alarms .
Hilbert spectroscopy does that , " he added .
Dr Divin conceded that further developments are necessary to refine the approach .
But the researchers are confident the technique can be applied to security screening .
" We 've shown that it works , and it works well .
But this is only the scientific part we have published , " Dr Divin said .
" In commercial devices , the prototype can be used as it is or integrated with a 2D scanner . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Eolas , the company that won a patent case against Microsoft in 2003 , has filed another patent infringement lawsuit , apparently targeting as many high - tech companies it could find .
Citing infringement on the very same patent as the one that resulted in a $ 585 judgment against Microsoft , Eolas is now suing 23 companies , including Apple , Google , Adobe , Amazon , eBay , Playboy , Yahoo , and YouTube for implementing browser plug-ins in one form or another , plus another patent that addresses the use of asynchronous JavaScript and XML ( AJAX ) .
The infamous '906 patent granted to Eolas and the University of California was one of the first patents to get the young online tech scene going in 1998 .
The patent addresses third - party browser plug-ins to run various forms of media as an " embedded program object " — essentially a program that runs within another program .
Eolas promptly sued Microsoft for its implementation of ActiveX in Internet Explorer , which set in motion a years - long legal battle between the two companies .
The end result of that legal battle was that Microsoft was found guilty of infringing on the Eolas patent .
Although the US Patent and Trademark Office provisionally invalidated the '906 patent in 2004 , it later reversed its position and upheld the patent after all .
Microsoft made numerous appeals to the decision , but in August of 2007 , the two companies announced that they had settled the case once and for all .
Now , Eolas thinks 23 new companies are infringing on the same patent plus a new one that builds upon the ' 906 patent ( known as the ' 985 patent ) that " allows websites to add fully - interactive embedded applications to their online offerings through the use of plug - in and AJAX . "
The patent was issued to Eolas by the USPTO in October of this year , apparently giving Eolas the confidence it needed to stir the legal pot once again .
The company 's legal counsel , Mike McKool , said in a statement that the lawsuit will put an end to the " widespread unauthorized use " of Eolas ' patents .
" What distinguishes this case from most patent suits is that so many established companies named as defendants are infringing a patent that has been ruled valid by the Patent Office on three occasions , " McKool said .
" All we want is what ’s fair , " Eolas chairman Michael Doyle added .
Given Eolas ' success litigating the '906 patent and the USPTO 's upholding the claim , this particular lawsuit may not be just another patent suit .
If Eolas succeeds in court again , it could once again have far - reaching ramifications across the industry .
The defendants may decide it 's cheaper to enter into licensing agreements than to fight this one .
Lurking in the background is whether software should even be patentable , an issue being reviewed by the Supreme Court .
Numerous tech companies have argued that a ban on software patents is necessary in order for them to continue innovating ; if the Supreme Court eventually decides that their reach is reduced , it could dramatically affect Eolas ' case against these companies .
Further reading :
While theannouncement was generally welcomed by most gamers last week , some were n't very happy about the lack of backwards compatibility , and the dropping of theoption which made it possible to installon the PS3 .
On the first issue , said that the console 's ability to playgames was not a major driver of console sales and so was dropped for cost reasons , but it stayed silent for a while about the OtherOS decision .
" The reasons are simple : The PS3 Slim is a major cost reduction involving many changes to hardware components in the PS3 design .
In order to offer the OtherOS install , SCE would need to continue to maintain the OtherOS hypervisor drivers for any significant hardware changes - this costs SCE .
One of our key objectives with the new model is to pass on cost savings to the consumer with a lower retail price .
Unfortunately in this case the cost of OtherOS install did not fit with the wider objective to offer a lower cost PS3 . "
This led to some theories of why Sony would want to kill the OtherOS option , which is cited often as a reason why many hackers have n't tried to break the system 's security like they have withand older consoles .
One interesting theory said that Sony was n't pleased by the use of multiple PS3s by research labs and companies to buildthat are relatively inexpensive .
Sony makes a loss on the sale of each PS3 console , but earns a lot of revenue from the sales of games released for the platform .
The use of dozens of PS3 consoles in research labs for raw computing power or a similar task , would be seen as hurting Sony since no games are bought for any of those consoles .
In the past this reality has even caused some speculation that a Sony update would kill , or limit , the OtherOS feature on older consoles .
However , SCE has committed to continue to support the OtherOS feature on older models .
A sony rep gave the reason for the lack of OtherOS support in the new PS3 Slim on a Sony developer website .
..
A multi-instrumentalist and songwriter from the south coast of England , Mike is best known for his bass work with bands such as DNA ( UK ) Manitou ( UK ) and Galahad
PHOENIX -- A new book by a former employee of Alcor , the company that froze Ted Williams ' remains , alleges the Baseball Hall of Famer 's body was mistreated by the company .
Larry Johnson says in the book " Frozen : My Journey Into the World of Cryonics , Deception and Death " that he watched an Alcor official swing a monkey wrench at Williams ' frozen severed head to try to remove a tuna can stuck to it .
The first swing accidentally struck the head , Johnson contends , and the second knocked the tuna can loose .
Alcor Life Extension Foundation of Scottsdale , Ariz. , issued a statement on its Web site denying the allegations and promising legal action .
" Alcor denies allegations reported in the press that there was mistreatment of the remains of Ted Williams at Alcor , " the company said .
" Alcor will be litigating this and any other false allegations to the maximum extent of the law . "
Johnson says he worked for Alcor for eight months in 2003 , first as clinical director then as chief operating officer .
He included several photographs in the book , including one of an upside - down severed head , not Williams ' , that had what appeared to be a tuna can attached to it .
Johnson says
Alcor used the cans , from a cat that lived on the premises , as pedestals for the heads .
Williams ' head was being transferred from one container to another when the monkey wrench incident took place , Johnson said in the book .
When the head was removed from the first container , Johnson described it .
" The disembodied face set in that awful , frozen scream looked nothing like any picture of Ted Williams I 've ever seen , " he wrote .
Johnson said that an Alcor employee tried in vain to remove the tuna can .
" Then he grabbed a monkey wrench , heaved a mighty swing , missing the tuna can completely but hitting the head dead center , " Johnson wrote .
" Tiny pieces of frozen head sprayed around the room . "
The next swing , Johnson wrote , knocked the can loose .
Johnson also contends that there was a significant crack in Williams ' head .
He also repeated an allegation he had made earlier that samples of Williams ' DNA are missing from the facility .
Johnson is scheduled for a Tuesday appearance on the ABC news show " Nightline . "
Johnson , who says he wired himself surreptitiously the last few months of his employment , was the source for a story in Sports Illustrated in August 2003 that said Williams ' head had been severed and damaged .
At that time , Alcor officials said there never was mistreatment of any of those frozen at the facility .
The company said that severing heads is a common practice in its preservation , and that cracking has been noted as a problem in the procedure and is not the result of any mishandling .
Ted Williams died in July 2002 .
At the direction of his son , John Henry Williams , the baseball player 's remains were flown from Florida to Arizona .
Johnson had not yet gone to work for Alcor , but he recreated the scene based , he said , on " conversations with the Alcorians who were in the room and performed the procedures , the files I have read , and the discussions I 've had with other people involved , including members of Ted 's family . "
Johnson paints a macabre scene in a room packed with people , many of whom posed for pictures with Williams ' body , both before and after the head was cut off .
The book contends the head was " hanging by a thread " when an official entered the room and shouted that it was supposed to be a full - body freezing .
Williams ' head and body were frozen separately , Johnson wrote .
The process , known as cryonics , is conducted with the hope that someday scientists will be able to bring the subjects back to life .
The heads and bodies , along with those of cats , dogs and other pets , are stored in stainless steel containers at extremely cold temperatures .
John Henry Williams died of leukemia at age 35 in 2004 after a bitter court fight against Williams ' daughter , Bobby - Jo , who contended the wishes expressed in her father 's will should have been followed .
In the will , Ted Williams said he wanted to be cremated and have his ashes scattered at sea .
She eventually abandoned the legal battle , citing lack of funds .
Johnson says in his book that he believes the small piece of paper used as evidence that Williams wanted to be frozen was fraudulent .
The paper is signed by Ted Williams , John Henry and Williams ' other daughter , Claudia .
Scott Baldyga is the book 's co-author .
A phone message left at Ted Williams Family Enterprises in Florida was not returned .
A phone message for comment from Bobby - Jo Williams ' attorney also was not immediately returned .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
The feature trailer for Black Dynamite .
Black Dynamite : a gun-toting , nunchuck - wielding , ladies man and soul brother .
When " The Man " murders his brother , pumps heroin into local orphanages , and floods the ghetto with adulterated malt liquor , Black Dynamite is the one hero willing to fight all the way from the blood - soaked city streets to the hallowed halls of the Honky House .
Lending Money to Friends and Family
Image by nathangibbs via Flickr
These economic times practically guarantee that someone you know ( and possibly love ) will come to you for money .
Lending money to friends and family has always been fraught with problems .
Indeed , there is always the chance that the debt someone else owes you could , in the end , cause a rupture in your relationship .
While it might best in some cases to send your relatives and friends on their way , there are instances that you might feel necessitate offering a loan .
Here are some things to keep in mind if actually do take the plunge and lend money to friends and family :
Make sure you can afford to part with the money
Rule # 1 is to make sure you can afford to make the loan .
Do you have the resources to part with the money right now , even if it is only for a short time ?
And , if you are n’t paid back for years — or ever — will you regret not having that money ?
It you have to take on debt , or sell assets you ’d rather keep , in order to make a loan , you are probably better off not making the loan .
Charging interest
When you lend money to friends and family , the United States government requires that you charge a minimum interest rate .
It can be as low as 1 % if you want , but if you ’re doing more than spotting your buddy a couple bucks , you need to charge some sort of interest .
In an ideal world , you settle on an interest rate that provides you with a rate of return that is more than a corporate bond ( a safer corporate bond ) , but less than the interest rate your friend or relative would get if s/he went to a financial institution .
Oh , and you will have to pay taxes on the interest you earn from the loan .
Getting loan terms in writing
Whenever you engage in these types of transactions , it is best to keep things strictly business .
Yes , some friends and family will be upset that you want to separate the business from the personal , but it really should be done .
In any case , you should put together some sort of loan agreement .
There are a number of loan agreement templates online that can help you get a feel for how to set it up .
Your agreement should specify the amount borrowed , when it should be repaid , the interest rate being charge , payment schedule if applicable , as well as names and addresses of both parties , and signatures .
Alternatives to lending money to friends and family
Many people just are n’t comfortable lending money to friends and family .
If you are not comfortable with the prospect of getting involved in that sort of dealing , there are alternatives .
If you can afford it , you could perhaps present the needy person with a one - time gift ( make sure they know it is one - time , and that you cannot afford to give more ) .
Money magazine reports that 27 % of those who lend money to family members never get it back anyway , and 43 % are n’t paid in full .
You can also buy a few extra groceries when you go shopping to free up some other money for your friend or relative .
Purchasing gift cards to grocery stores or other types of stores is also a way to help free up some money for your struggling acquaintances , without having to commit large amounts of money .
In the end , you should help out as much as you feel comfortable .
But if you decide to go the loan route , you can protect yourself by making it a business arrangement .
Put 25 + Years of Experience on Your Side
If you are facing criminal charges , or if someone you love has been arrested anywhere in Missouri or Kansas , you will need a skilled legal professional on your side .
At Stein Law , LLC , our Kansas City KS criminal defense lawyers have more than 25 years of combined legal experience practicing in both Kansas and Missouri , in all federal courts .
We can use this to your advantage .
When choosing your legal representative , you want someone with insight , knowledge , experience , and a demonstrated ability to secure consistently favorable results .
No matter what your case involves , our firm can be trusted to defend your rights and interests .
We handle every case with the utmost confidence and urgency , and make every effort to ensure the best possible outcome is secured .
We do this because we believe you deserve an aggressive fighter on your side of the courtroom .
Every Client Deserves an Aggressive Defense Strategy
With years of experience as a former prosecutor , Attorney Phil Stein understands that there are two sides to every story .
He knows how police officers investigate charges , prosecutors try cases , and judges operate .
With this knowledge in mind , he can prepare a solid defense and apply the law in a way that levels the playing field .
Do you have questions about your case ?
Contact Stein Law , LLC today at ( 913 ) 583-0465 to request your FREE initial consultation .
A Lawrence woman testified on Thursday that she regrets having had an abusive relationship with a man now accused of beating her and kidnapping her from her apartment .
She also said she feared for her life on the night of the alleged attack , Oct. 9 , 2007 , at her apartment in northern Lawrence .
“ My state of mind was not clear , ” the victim testified .
“ I thought that Matt maybe mutilated my vagina with a piece of glass . ”
During the attack , she said , she lost consciousness and woke up with injuries to her pelvic region and vagina .
The 23 - year - old woman ’s statements came in the second day of testimony during a trial for Matthew Jaeger , who faces several charges in Douglas County District Court in connection with the alleged attack .
The woman said her relationship with Jaeger , 24 , was possessive and abusive .
“ I wanted to break up with him , but it was only allowed if he wanted to break up with me , ” she testified .
“ He was the boss . ”
Prosecutors accuse Jaeger , a former Kansas University student , of breaking into the woman ’s apartment and brutally attacking her after finding her with another man .
But his attorneys deny he injured her , saying he was trying to help the woman because he was worried she was in trouble .
Relationship problems
Recounting the relationship , the woman told jurors Jaeger would often spy on her or stalk her when she was out with friends .
She said that in fall 2007 she moved to a new apartment complex because she was concerned about her safety .
She said Jaeger somehow found out where she was living .
She also testified that the defendant had a history of demonstrating jiu - jitsu moves on her , often putting her in a choke hold and forcing her to have sex with him .
Also Thursday , jurors viewed a taped interview with the victim taken from her hospital bed in the days after the incident .
In the tape , the woman tells police that Jaeger choked her until she passed out and that when she regained consciousness , she was bleeding profusely from her vagina .
“ I do n’t recognize myself down where he hurt me , ” the woman said on the video .
“ It ’s a part of myself I can no longer recognize .
It does n’t look like me .
It looks like it ’s been mutated and deformed . ”
She said Jaeger then forced her into his car , sitting in the back seat with her while a friend of his drove .
She described how she begged the defendant to take her to the hospital — and she was scared she was going to bleed to death .
“ It was scary being so hurt and not knowing how it happened , ” the victim said in the taped interview with police .
Statements to police
During cross-examination , Jaeger ’s attorney , Pedro Irigonegaray , asked the woman about inconsistencies in her account of the incident and in her description of her relationship with Jaeger .
The defense attorney asked the woman why she told police investigators who questioned her in the hospital following the attack that Jaeger had never been physically violent with her .
She testified Thursday that he had a history of hitting her and choking her until she lost consciousness , dating back to spring 2006 .
But Irigonegaray said the woman never reported the violence to police , never went to the hospital and continued to go on trips with the Jaeger family to both Chicago and Miami .
“ The cycle of abusive relationships , I ca n’t make sense of it , ” the victim said .
“ I feel ashamed for loving someone who could treat me that way .
It ’s not like you can just push a button and stop caring for someone , even though he ’s psycho . ”
Irigonegaray also presented evidence of an e-mail the victim sent to the defendant in summer 2006 , in which she wrote , “ I would n’t change a thing about you . ”
He also asked her why her statements Thursday in court about Jaeger choking her in the apartment did not match what she once told police in interviews after the attack , including when she said she had no memory of Jaeger choking her at all .
The woman said her memory improved in the weeks after the attack as her injuries began to heal .
She said she was often sedated or coming out of surgery when police were trying to talk to her shortly after the incident .
“ It ’s not like I got a minor , little cut .
I was fighting for my life , ” she said .
Charges against Jaeger include aggravated burglary , aggravated battery , aggravated kidnapping and making a criminal threat .
The trial will resume at 9 a.m. today .
It is expected to last two to three weeks .
Carbon - dioxide emissions are turning the waters of the Arctic Ocean into acid at an unprecedented rate , scientists have discovered .
Research carried out in the archipelago of Svalbard has shown in many regions around the north pole seawater is likely to reach corrosive levels within 10 years .
The water will then start to dissolve the shells of mussels and other shellfish and cause major disruption to the food chain .
By the end of the century , the entire Arctic Ocean will be corrosively acidic .
" This is extremely worrying , " Professor Jean - Pierre Gattuso , of France 's Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique , told an international oceanography conference last week .
" We knew that the seas were getting more acidic and this would disrupt the ability of shellfish – like mussels – to grow their shells .
But now we realise the situation is much worse .
The water will become so acidic it will actually dissolve the shells of living shellfish . "
Just as an acid descaler breaks apart limescale inside a kettle , so the shells that protect molluscs and other creatures will be dissolved .
" This will affect the whole food chain , including the North Atlantic salmon , which feeds on molluscs , " said Gattuso , speaking at a European commission conference , Oceans of Tomorrow , in Barcelona last week .
The oceanographer told delegates that the problem of ocean acidification was worse in high latitudes , in the Arctic and around Antarctica , than it was nearer the equator .
" More carbon dioxide can dissolve in cold water than warm , " he said .
" Hence the problem of acidification is worse in the Arctic than in the tropics , though we have only recently got round to studying the problem in detail . "
About a quarter of the carbon dioxide pumped into the atmosphere by factories , power stations and cars now ends up being absorbed by the oceans .
That represents more than six million tonnes of carbon a day .
This carbon dioxide dissolves and is turned into carbonic acid , causing the oceans to become more acidic .
" We knew the Arctic would be particularly badly affected when we started our studies but I did not anticipate the extent of the problem , " said Gattuso .
His research suggests that 10 % of the Arctic Ocean will be corrosively acidic by 2018 ; 50 % by 2050 ; and 100 % ocean by 2100 .
" Over the whole planet , there will be a threefold increase in the average acidity of the oceans , which is unprecedented during the past 20 million years .
That level of acidification will cause immense damage to the ecosystem and the food chain , particularly in the Arctic , " he added .
The tiny mollusc Limacina helicina , which is found in Arctic waters , will be particularly vulnerable , he said .
The little shellfish is eaten by baleen whales , salmon , herring and various seabirds .
Its disappearance would therefore have a major impact on the entire marine food chain .
The deep - water coral Lophelia pertusa would also be extremely vulnerable to rising acidity .
Reefs in high latitudes are constructed by only one or two types of coral – unlike tropical coral reefs which are built by a large variety of species .
The loss of Lophelia pertusa would therefore devastate reefs off Norway and the coast of Scotland , removing underwater shelters that are exploited by dozens of species of fish and other creatures .
" Scientists have proposed all sorts of geo- engineering solutions to global warming , " said Gattuso .
" For instance , they have proposed spraying the upper atmosphere with aerosol particles that would reduce sunlight reaching the Earth , mitigating the warming caused by rising levels of carbon dioxide .
" But these ideas miss the point .
They will still allow carbon dioxide emissions to continue to increase – and thus the oceans to become more and more acidic .
There is only one way to stop the devastation the oceans are now facing and that is to limit carbon - dioxide emissions as a matter of urgency . "
This was backed by other speakers at the conference .
Daniel Conley , of Lund University , Sweden , said that increasing acidity levels , sea - level rises and temperature changes now threatened to bring about irreversible loss of biodiversity in the sea .
Christoph Heinze , of Bergen University , Norway , said his studies , part of the EU CarboOcean project , had found that carbon from the atmosphere was being transported into the oceans ' deeper waters far more rapidly than expected and was already having a corrosive effect on life forms there .
The oceans ' vulnerability to climate change and rising carbon - dioxide levels has also been a key factor in the launching of the EU 's Tara Ocean project at Barcelona .
The expedition , on the sailing ship Tara , will take three years to circumnavigate the globe , culminating in a voyage through the icy Northwest Passage in Canada , and will make continual and detailed samplings of seawater to study its life forms .
A litre of seawater contains between 1bn and 10bn single - celled organisms called prokaryotes , between 10bn and 100bn viruses and a vast number of more complex , microscopic creatures known as zooplankton , said Chris Bowler , a marine biologist on Tara .
" People think they are just swimming in water when they go for a dip in the sea , " he said .
" In fact , they are bathing in a plankton soup . "
That plankton soup is of crucial importance to the planet , he added .
" As much carbon dioxide is absorbed by plankton as is absorbed by tropical rainforests .
Its health is therefore of crucial importance to us all . "
However , only 1 % of the life forms found in the sea have been properly identified and studied , said Bowler .
" The aim of the Tara project is to correct some of that ignorance and identify many more of these organisms while we still have the chance .
Issues like ocean acidification , rising sea levels and global warming will not be concerns at the back of our minds .
They will be a key focus for the work that we do while we are on our expedition . "
The toll by 2100
■ The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change forecast in 2007 that sea levels would rise by 20 cm to 60 cm by 2100 thanks to global warming caused by man-made carbon - dioxide emissions .
This is now thought to be an underestimate , however , with most scientific bodies warning that sea levels could rise by a metre or even higher .
Major inundations of vulnerable regions such as Bangladesh would ensue .
■ The planet will be hotter by 3C by 2100 , most scientists now expect , though rises of 4.5C to 5C could be experienced .
Deserts will spread and heatwaves will become more prevalent .
Ice -caps will melt and cyclones are also likely to be triggered .
■ Weather patterns across the globe will become more unstable , numbers of devastating storms will increase dramatically while snow will disappear from all but the highest mountains .
If you dial 911 and then change your mind , the city of Vallejo , Calif . will soon charge you $ 200 .
Admittedly , the city is strapped for cash .
Vallejo filed for bankruptcy last year .
But are people calling an emergency number really the best source of funds ?
City officials say the fee is necessary to stop the cost of sending out police officers on bogus calls , the Vallejo Times - Herald reports .
When people call 911 , hang up , and do n't respond to dispatchers calling them back , two officers must respond .
That happens 4,000 to 5,000 times a year , adding up to a tab of $ 2 million .
Only 3 percent of the hangup calls are actual emergencies .
911 dialers who answered dispatchers ' return calls and explained their mistake would n't be charged the new fee , which the city council will vote on in a few weeks .
" Obviously , there 's that many pepole that do n't think it 's convenient to pick up the phone and say it 's no problem , " Lt. Abel Tenorio , a spokesman for the Vallejo police , told the Times - Herald .
" This might make them think twice . "
Misusing 911 lines is a violation of California state law , but the fee is a new measure against 911 abuse .
It 's part of a trend of local governments trying to grapple with 911 costs .
In June , Tracy , Calif. , instituted a $ 48 / year " membership " for residents who call 911 for medical emergencies .
Remember when we used to call money paid to government for essential services " taxes " ?
She is on the phone .
He can see her reflection in the bathroom mirror , the headset wrapped around her ear as if she were an air - traffic controller or a Secret Service agent .
“ Are you sure ? ” she whispers .
“ I ca n’t believe it .
I do n’t want to believe it .
If it ’s true , it ’s horrible .
. . .
Of course I do n’t know anything !
If I knew something , I ’d tell you .
. . .
No , he does n’t know anything , either .
If he knew , he ’d tell me .
We vowed we would n’t keep secrets . ”
She pauses , listening for a moment .
“ Yes , of course , not a word . ”
“ Tom , ” she calls .
“ Tom , are you ready ? ”
“ In a minute , ” he says .
He examines himself in her makeup mirror .
He raises his eyebrows , bares his teeth , smiles .
And then he smiles again , harder , showing gum .
He tilts his head , left and right , checking where the shadows fall .
He turns on the light and flips the mirror to the magnifying side .
A thin silver needle enters the reflection ; there ’s a closeup of skin , the glistening tip of the needle , surrounded by a halo of light .
He blinks .
The needle goes in ; his hand is steady on the syringe .
He injects a little here , a little there ; it ’s just a touchup , a filler - up .
Later , when someone says , “ You look great , ” he ’ll smile and his face will bend gently , but no lines will appear .
“ Doctor ’s orders , ” he ’ll say .
He recaps the syringe , tucks it into his shirt pocket , flips the toilet seat up , and pees .
When he comes out of the bathroom , his wife , Sandy , is there , in the bedroom , waiting .
“ Who was that on the phone ? ”
“ Sara , ” she says .
“ And ? ”
“ The usual . ”
He waits , knowing that silence will prompt her to say more .
“ Susie called Sara to say that she ’s worried Scott is having an affair . ”
“ Scott ? ”
She nods .
He says , quite honestly , “ Of all people , I would n’t think Scott would be having an affair . ”
“ She does n’t know that he ’s having an affair — she just suspects . ”
Sandy puts her coverup into a tote bag and hands him his camera .
“ Ca n’t leave without this , ” she says .
“ Thanks , ” he says .
“ Are you ready to go ? ”
“ Check my back , ” she says .
“ I felt something . ”
She turns , lifting her blouse .
“ You have a tick , ” he says , plucking it off her .
Somewhere in the summer house , a loud buzzer goes off .
“ The towels are done , ” she says .
“ Should we take wine ? ” he asks .
“ I packed a bottle of champagne and some orange juice .
It ’s Sunday , after all . ”
“ My brother is coming , after all , ” he says .
His brother , Roger , visits the beach once a year , like a tropical storm that changes everything .
“ It ’s a beautiful day , ” she says .
And she ’s right .
Tom sits in a low chair , facing the water , his feet buried in the sand .
Just in front of him , hanging from the lifeguard stand , an American flag softly flutters .
His sunglasses are his shield , his thick white lotion a kind of futuristic body armor that lets him imagine he is invisible .
He believes that on the beach you are allowed to stare , as though you were looking not at the person but through the person , past the person at the water , past the water to the horizon , past the horizon into infinity .
He is seeing things that he would otherwise not allow himself to see .
He is staring .
He is in awe , mesmerized by the body , by the grace and lack of grace .
He takes pictures — “ studies , ” he calls them .
It ’s his habit , his hobby .
What is he looking for ?
What is he thinking while he does this ?
This is something that he asks himself , noting that he often thinks of himself in the third person — a dispassionate observer .
The beach fills up , towels are unrolled , umbrellas unfurl like party decorations , and , as the heat builds , bodies are slowly unwrapped .
He , of all people , knows what ’s real and what ’s not .
There are those who have starved the flesh off their bones , and those who have had it surgically removed or relocated .
Each person wears it differently — the dimpling on the thighs , the love handles , the inevitable sag .
He ca n’t help noticing .
Around him , his friends talk .
He ’s not listening carefully enough to register exactly who is saying what — just the general impression , the flow .
“ Did you have the fish last night ?
I made a fish .
We bought a fish .
His brother loves to fish .
I bought a necklace .
We bought a house .
I bought another watch .
He ’s thinking of getting a new car .
Did n’t you just get one last year ?
I want to renovate .
Your house is so beautiful .
His wife used to be so beautiful .
Do you remember her ?
Could never forget .
Tom went out with her once . ”
“ Just once ? ”
“ He does n’t have the best social skills , ” his wife says .
Now they are talking about him .
He knows he should defend himself .
He lowers the camera and turns toward them .
“ Why do you always say that ? ”
“ Because it ’s true , ” Sandy says .
“ It may be , but that ’s not why I only went out with her once . ”
“ Why did n’t you date her again ? ” she wants to know .
“ Because I met you , ” he says , raising the camera like a punctuation mark .
The intensity of the sunlight is such that he has to squint in order to see , and at times he ca n’t see at all — there is a blinding abundance of light and reflection .
He thinks of a blind girl who lived in his neighborhood when he was growing up : Audra Stevenson .
She was smart and very pretty .
She wore dark glasses and tapped her way down the sidewalk with her cane , a thick white bulb on the end of it .
He used to watch her go down the street and wonder if she wore her glasses at home .
He wondered what her eyes looked like .
Perhaps they were very sensitive ; perhaps she over - saw — that ’s how he thought of it .
Maybe she was n’t blind in the sense of everything ’s being black but blind in that there was too much light , so that everything was overexposed and turned a milky white with only spots of color punching through — a red shirt , a brown branch , the grayish shadows of people .
He asked her out once .
He stopped her on the street and introduced himself .
“ I know who you are , ” she said .
“ You ’re the boy who watches me go home . ”
“ How do you know that ? ” he asked .
“ I ’m blind , ” she said , “ not dumb . ”
He picked her up at her house , hooked his elbow through hers , and led her to the movie theatre .
During the film , he whispered in her ear , an ongoing narration of the action , until finally she said , “ Sh - h -h .
I ca n’t hear what they ’re saying if you keep talking to me . ”
After the date , Roger , who was two years older , made fun of him for being too shy to ask a “ regular girl ” out , and , no doubt , for going on a date long before Roger himself ever would .
No girl was good enough for Roger : Rita ’s eyebrows were too thick , Sara ’s chin too long , Molly ’s eyes too wide , Ruthie ’s laugh too high - pitched .
Every girl was just one twist of the genetic helix away from having a syndrome of some sort .
Roger mocked “ Tom the younger , ” as he liked to call him , loudly , as Audra was walking away , and Tom was so mortified , so sure that Audra had heard every word , that he never spoke to her again .
Behind him , they are still talking .
“ Arctic char .
Orata .
Sea bream , Chilean sea bass , swordfish , Ahi tuna .
Mole sauce , ancho chili , a rub , a marinade , a pesto , a ragout , a teriyaki reduction . ”
They love to talk about food and exercise — running , biking , tennis , Pilates , trainers , workouts , cleansing diets .
The one thing they do n’t talk much about anymore is sex ; the ones who are having it ca n’t imagine not having it , and the ones who are n’t having it remember all too well when they were the ones having it and saying they could n’t imagine not having it .
So it has become off limits .
Also not discussed is the fact that some of them are having sex with one another ’s spouses — i.e. , hiding in plain sight .
He is only half listening , thinking about how life changes .
If he met these people now , he ’s not sure he would be their friend , not sure he would have dinner with them every Saturday night , play tennis with them every Sunday , vacation with them twice a year , see the movies they see , eat at the places they eat at , do whatever it is that they all do together just because they ’re a kind of club — all while worrying about what will happen if he strays , if he does something other than what they expect of him , and he does n’t mean sex , he means something more .
He looks at his friends ; their wives all wear the same watches , like tribal decorations , trinkets of their status .
The gold glints in the sun .
He is looking at them as they absently sift sand with their hands , and imagining them as children in cotton hats , pouring sand from one bucket to another as their parents talk over and around them .
He is thinking of their parents , now either dead or single in their eighties or attended by new “ companions ” they met in physical therapy or on Elderhostel vacations .
He looks at his friends and wonders what they will be like if they make it to eighty .
The men seem oblivious of the inevitability of aging , oblivious of the fact that they are no longer thirty , of the fact that they are not superheroes with special powers .
He thinks of the night , a year ago , when they were all at a local restaurant and one of them went to grab something from the car .
He ran across the street as though he thought he glowed in the dark .
But he did n’t .
The driver of an oncoming car did n’t see him .
He flew up and over it .
And , when someone came into the restaurant to call the police , Tom went out , not because he was thinking of his friend but because he was curious , always curious .
Once outside , realizing what had happened , he ran to his friend and tried to help , but there was nothing to be done .
The next day , driving by the spot , he saw one of his friend ’s shoes — they had each bought a pair of the same kind the summer before — suspended from a tree .
“ What time is Roger coming ? ” someone asks .
“ Not sure , ” he says .
A friend ’s wife leans over and shows him a red dot , buried between her breasts .
“ What do you think this is ? ”
“ Bug bite , ” he says .
“ Not skin cancer ? ”
“ Not cancer , ” he says .
“ Not infected ? ”
“ Bug bite , ” he says .
“ And what about this ? ”
She shows him something else , as though hoping for bonus points .
This spot is on what his father jokingly used to call “ the tenderloin , ” her inner thigh .
“ Is n’t it funny that your father was a butcher and you ’re in the business of dealing with human meat ? ” another of the friends asks .
“ It ’s all flesh and blood , ” he says , pressing the spot with his finger .
“ Pimple . ”
“ Are you sure ? ”
“ Yes . ”
“ Not skin cancer . ”
“ No . ”
“ Does it look infected ? ”
“ If you leave it alone , it ’ll be fine , ” he says .
He is forever being asked to step into the spare bedroom , the bathroom , the kitchen , even the walk - in closet , because someone wants to show him something .
It ’s as though they were pulling him aside to make a confession .
Mostly the answer is easy .
Mostly whatever it is is nothing .
But every now and then he ’s surprised ; they show him something that catches him off guard .
“ How ’d you get that ? ” he asks .
“ You do n’t want to know , ” they say .
But , of course , in the end they tell him more than he wants to know .
“ Was your father really a butcher ? ” the visiting sister of one of the friends asks .
“ Yep .
And he really talked about women ’s bodies like they were cuts of meat .
‘ Boy , she ’s got good veal cheeks !
That girl would make one hell of a standing rib roast , trussed , bound , and stuffed . ’
And then he ’d laugh in a weird way .
My mother thought of herself as an artist .
She signed up for a life - drawing class when I was eleven and she took me with her , because she thought I ’d appreciate it .
I just sat there , not knowing where to look .
Finally , the instructor said , ‘ Draw with us ? ’
I ’d never seen a bare breast before — drawing it was like touching it .
I drew that breast again and again .
And then I glanced at my mother ’s easel and saw that she ’d drawn everything but the woman .
She ’d drawn the table with the vase , the flowers , the window in the background , the drapes , but not the model .
The instructor asked her , ‘ Where ’s the girl ? ’
‘ I prefer a still - life , ’ my mother said .
‘ But my son , on the other hand , look how beautiful he thinks she is ! ’ ”
“ Was she being mean ? ”
He shrugs .
“ She should n’t have taken you to the class , ” Sandy says .
“ She was teasing you . ”
“ I thought maybe I ’d take Roger out on the boat this afternoon , ” one of the friends says .
“ Sound like fun ? ”
“ Only if you capsize , ” he says , cryptically .
The friend laughs , knowing that he is n’t kidding .
Ahead of him on the beach , a boy is spreading lotion on an older woman .
He imagines the viscous feel of lotion warm from the sun , gliding over her skin — friction .
He imagines the boy painting the woman with lotion , and then using his fingernail to write his initials on her back .
He thinks of a time in St. Bart ’s , when Sandy was lying nude on the beach while he painted , and he picked up his brush and began making swirls on her skin .
He painted her body and then he photographed her walking away from him into the water .
In the sea , the paint ran down her skin in beautiful streaks of color .
Later , one of the friends , the one with the boat , confessed , “ I got hard just watching . ”
“ You should try it sometime , ” he said .
“ With your wife . ”
“ Oh , we did , that night , but I did n’t have any paint .
All I could find was a ballpoint pen .
It was n’t the same . ”
“ Drink ? ” Sandy asks , snapping him back into the moment .
“ Sure , ” he says .
She pours a combination of orange juice and champagne into a plastic cup and leans toward him .
He can smell her , her perfume , the salty beach .
As he takes the drink , it splashes up out of the cup and onto his arm .
He licks it , his tongue tickled by the carbonation , the flavor of citrus , of wine , mixed with salt and sweat .
He thinks that it ’s strange he can’t remember ever having tasted himself before .
His tongue rakes the fur on his forearm and picks up a tinge of blood from a scrape this morning .
The flavor is good , full of life .
“ Is Roger still with that woman ? ” one of the wives asks .
“ His hygienist ? ” he asks .
“ Is that who it was ? ” the friend asks .
“ Yep , he left his wife to fuck the hygienist . ”
“ And he ’s still with her , ” Sandy says .
“ She must rinse and spit .
I assume she does n’t swallow , ” he says .
“ Stop , you ’re being crude . ”
He wonders when Roger is coming .
On the one hand , he ’s dreading his arrival ; on the other , he ’s starting to think it ’s rude that Roger ’s not there yet and has n’t called to say he ’s running late .
Tom closes his eyes .
The sun is high .
He feels it baking him , and then , suddenly , a shadow , like a cloud , crosses over him .
He shivers .
One of the women , Terri , is standing in front of him , holding out a plate of muffins .
“ High - protein , high - fibre .
Take one . ”
She had breast cancer a year ago — a mastectomy — and , six weeks later , they were all on their annual St. Bart ’s adventure .
When everyone went to the beach , she stayed in the house .
They all talked about her behind her back , worrying that they were doing something that made her uncomfortable .
Then , on the third day , just before lunch , she walked out onto the beach and stood before them .
He took a picture .
She unbuttoned her blouse .
He took another picture .
Her husband started to get up , to stop her , but one of the women grabbed his arm , holding him back .
Terri unbuttoned her blouse and opened it , revealing the remaining breast and the red rope of a scar .
Click , click , click .
He shot her again and again .
In the end , what was amazing about the images was not the scar but her expression — terrified , defiant , vulnerable , her face in a dance of emotion , frame by frame .
He gave her a set of prints — it was one of the rare times that he was the one to take someone aside , into his study .
When she opened the package , she wept .
“ For a million reasons , ” she said .
“ For what was lost , for what remains , for how you saw what no one else did — they were all too busy looking at my boob . ”
“ A meal in a muffin , ” he says , biting it .
“ It ’s perfect . ”
In front of them , a woman is stepping out of her shorts .
One side of her bathing suit is unceremoniously wedged in the crack of her ass ; she pulls it out with a loud snap .
Her rear end is what Sandy calls “ coagulated , ” a cottage cheese of cellulite , and , below it , spider veins explode down her legs , like fireworks .
“ Do you ever look at something like that and think about how you could fix it ? ” Terri asks .
“ The interesting thing is that the woman does n’t seem bothered by it .
The people who come to me are bothered by their bodies .
They do n’t go to the beach and disrobe in public .
They come into my office with a list of what they want fixed — like it ’s a scratch - and - dent shop . ”
“ Maybe she does n’t realize how bad it looks ? ”
“ Maybe , ” he says .
“ And maybe that ’s O.K . ”
He thinks about Botox and Restylane and lasering spider veins and resurfacing a face , and sometimes he feels like a conservator , like the guy he once sat next to at a dinner , who worked at the Met , touching up art works when they chipped or when the ceiling leaked on them .
He thinks about the time he volunteered to go on a mission with a group of doctors who were heading to an impoverished spot to do good for five days — a kind of spiritual recompense for the fortune that modern elective cosmetic procedures had brought them .
He fixed cleft palates , treated skin rashes , gave routine immunizations .
“ I ’ve heard of it , ” his mother said .
“ What ’s it called again , Doctors Without Licenses ?
Maybe next time you could take Roger — he ’s an excellent dentist .
Everyone needs a good dentist , rich or poor .
It would be nice if the two of you did something together . ”
“ I am in this race because I do n’t want to see us spend the next year re-fighting the Washington battles of the 1990s .
I do n’t want to pit Blue America against Red America ; I want to lead a United States of America . ”
So declared Barack Obama in November 2007 , making the case that Democrats should nominate him , rather than one of his rivals , because he could free the nation from the bitter partisanship of the past .
Some of us were skeptical .
A couple of months after Mr. Obama gave that speech , I warned that his vision of a “ different kind of politics ” was a vain hope , that any Democrat who made it to the White House would face “ an unending procession of wild charges and fake scandals , dutifully given credence by major media organizations that somehow ca n’t bring themselves to declare the accusations unequivocally false . ”
So , how ’s it going ?
Sure enough , President Obama is now facing the same kind of opposition that President Bill Clinton had to deal with : an enraged right that denies the legitimacy of his presidency , that eagerly seizes on every wild rumor manufactured by the right - wing media complex .
This opposition cannot be appeased .
Some pundits claim that Mr. Obama has polarized the country by following too liberal an agenda .
But the truth is that the attacks on the president have no relationship to anything he is actually doing or proposing .
A designer from Australia spent several months searching for buildings , landmarks , lakes etc on Google Maps that look like letters so he could create the alphabet in a different way .
Locations : a , b , c , d , e , f , g , h , i , j , k , l , m , n , o , p , q , r , s , t , u , v , w , x , y , z
The mid 1990 's status of the European far - right as a primarily racist rather than fascist movement does effect the way we fight it .
It is the official racism of the governments and opposition parties that has made the far right acceptable .
Before World War
Two fascism did not arise to head off an imminent revolution in either Germany or Italy .
It arose because the bosses needed to squeeze the working class a lot harder than the democratic capitalist state was capable of .
Wage cuts were so savage under fascism that wages in Germany , for instance , did not reach the 1931 level until 1956 .
Can the European fascists take power in the 1990s ?
THE GROWTH of the far - right throughout Europe in the last few years has alarmed many who thought fascism died with Hitler .
It also has given rise to a debate on the left over the nature of fascism , one that has spilled over into the letters pages of Workers Solidarity .
The debate continues with Andrew Flood discussing some of the historical features of fascism and the importance of racism as the central plank of fascism to - day .
In order to explain the rise of fascism to - day it is useful to look at the rise of fascism historically .
On the left , fascism is often presented as something that arose to head off imminent revolution .
There is some truth in this as in both Italy and Germany fascism appeared in a period of great social upheaval .
Germany saw workers ' risings in 1918 and 1923 .
In Italy the years from the end of the war to the early twenties were known as the Red Years and saw waves of land and factory occupations .
Although the prototypes of the fascist organisations came into existence at this time they were not significant in defeating these uprisings .
They were defeated instead through a combination of the conventional forces of the state and the intervention of the social - democrats , turning protest away from an attempt to fundamentally change society into one of gaining a " fairer " version of capitalism .
Significant reforms were won including higher wages , the eight hour day and breaking up of some of the larger landlords ' estates .
In both Italy and Germany the workers had set up factory councils .
Rather then going for a head on confrontation with these bodies the bosses legalised them and converted them into toothless consultative bodies .
The bosses were not altogether happy with this because such reforms were paid for in part out of their profits .
Heavy industry in particular with its much heavier ratio of fixed costs in the shape of machinery resented this .
The state however represented the interests of the capitalists as a whole , and light industry preferred the stable conditions created by the policy of class collaboration rather than a confrontational approach .
Therefore the state was unwilling to launch the serious attacks on the workers ' organisations that heavy industry demanded .
Fascism and big business
The heavy industrialists were the first to turn to fascism to help them win back their profits .
Initially this was by financing and arming the variety of fascist gangs that had arisen after the war .
In Italy in particular the industrialists funded an army of fascists composed of alienated war veterans , adventurists and petty criminals that would arrive in a particular locality and set about smashing the local union organisation and whatever socialist organisations existed .
At the time only the anarchists were willing to physically fight the fascists but the fascist tactic of smashing the left on an area by area basis meant they , on their own , lacked the strength to stop the fascists .
Armed anarchist resistance to fascism was to continue throughout Europe until 1945 .
This fascist tactic of swamping areas was only possible because these gangs were funded by the industrialists while those fighting against them were workers who could not leave their jobs for long periods of time to concentrate where ever the fascists were .
Later on the main unions would also , sometimes , hold demonstrations against fascism but more often then not these were broken up by fascists , sometimes even though the fascists were heavily outnumbered .
Most of the left shied away from any physical confrontation , preferring to relay on the social democrats and the liberals to protect them through the state .
The fascists served other purposes for heavy industry as well .
Their focus on " the nation " and rearming suited the industrialists .
Heavy industry was the main supplier for the war industry and during re-armament massive profits were made by the industrialists .
Re-armament essentially served to provide massive state subsidies and guaranteed profits for the bosses .
To achieve this goal and to drive down wages and conditions heavy industry supported fascism in its drive for power .
The importance of this financial support was explained by Hitler when in 1934 he invited his audience to consider what it had meant in the elections for the Nazis to have a thousand cars put at their disposal .
Did the difference between heavy industry and light industry mean that the light industrialists were natural anti-fascists .
Their business were not so capital intensive as heavy industry so they did not have the same need to drive down wages as recession could be controlled by laying off a section of the workforce .
They supported social partnership with the social democrats and the trade unions .
To a large extent a militaristic expansion did not favour their needs and because they would , at least in part , have to pay for it .
We need a revolution
However as fascism grew and gained mass support it became obvious it was going to come to power .
The only thing that could have stopped it would have been a revolution .
The light industrialists , when faced with a choice of losing their power through a workers ' revolution or the more minor disadvantages of fascism , were obviously going to make one choice .
In any case fascism did promise them lower wages and the destruction of workplace organisation .
This went some way towards making up for its potential disadvantages .
Fascism 's mass base was built around the middle class , which in both Italy and Germany had been impoverished .
After the war very high inflation served both to drive down their earnings and reduce drastically the real value of their income .
They lacked the organisation of the workers so it was not unusual for them to be paid less than manual workers .
In this situation they could have been won over to socialism but socialism has been very much discredited by the combination of the degeneration of the Russian revolution under Lenin and the repeated betrayals of the social democrats in power .
The same was true for the peasantry .
Agricultural prices had plummeted in the post war years .
The left for the most part made no attempt to influence the peasantry , influenced primarily by the concept that peasants could play no progressive role .
Indeed the Russian revolution was attacked at the Italian Socialist Party conference for having given the land to the peasants .
In these circumstances it was the fascists rather than the socialists who gained support in rural areas .
In Germany the big landowners were able to use fascism to get the peasants to form a block with them , calling for higher food prices .
Fascism also recruited from other sources but it was singularly unsuccessful in recruiting any sort of working class base .
In the German factory council election of 1931 the fascists achieved only 5 % of the vote .
In the partial elections of 1933 they achieved only 3 % and this with Hitler in power .
In Italy the fascist unions were only built by waiting for the fascists gangs to arrive in an area and then firing anyone who was not a member of the fascist union .
The gangs would fill the employers need for labour and smash any resistance .
Eventually the workers would be starved into joining the fascist unions .
Despite the odds against them it would sometimes take months before a majority of the workers would submit .
FASCISM TODAY
Today it would appear the far right are on the march again .
If election figures alone were anything to go by they are 2/3rds of the way to power in France and about 1/3 in Germany ( Hitler never got more than 33 % of the vote ) .
Is there really an imminent threat of the Fascists taking power ?
In fact these figures serve to highlight not only the real danger of modern day fascism but also the differences between the situation in the twenties and thirties and that which exists today .
Two different threats need to be distinguished when we talk about fascism .
The first threat is the threat to individuals of being set upon and maimed or killed by fascist thugs .
This clearly exists today in almost every European country .
Since the early eighties an average of two racist murders have occurred a week in France .
Racist attacks in Germany last year became a regular feature on all the worlds news services .
Attacks on leftists have also become far more common throughout Europe in the last few years .
The second threat is different , this is the threat of fascism on the road to power , where the right wing attempts to smash all opposition by physical means .
European fascism has not yet entered this phase .
It does not have the backing of any sizeable section of the ruling class .
Its attacks to date are designed by the leaders of the fascist organisations to win it more support .
The concentration on racism rather than attacks on workplace organisation is not primarily due to the fascists hiding their true colours .
As yet big business has not called upon the fascists to play their historic role of smashing potential opposition to austerity measures .
There are few reports of fascists attacking pickets or breaking up the premises of unions .
Direct attacks by fascists on the left have increased but are still very much fewer than the number of attacks on immigrants .
This is not to say there are none , the bomb attack on the office of the Danish section of the International Socialists in which one of their members was killed or the physical attacks by FN supporters on anti-fascist demonstrations show such activity is occurring .
Leftists have been killed in Germany by fascists and in Britain physical attacks on the left have become more common .
There was the recent daytime attack on the anarchist Freedom Bookshop in London 's Whitechapel by the neo - nazi C18 gang ( the 1 and 8 refers to the letters of the alphabet , A & H or Adolph Hitler ) and the attempt to burn down another anarchist bookshop , the 121 Centre in Brixton .
It is , however , a secondary feature of the activities of fascists to - day .
LONDON ARRESTS
As yet there is little evidence for any substantial link between the fascists and sections of the ruling class .
This is also the reason why the police can sometimes choose to move in force against the fascists .
The recent arrest of some 300 fascists trying to attack the Bloody Sunday march in London is a case in point .
This is not to say the cops are an ally in the fight against fascism , just that at the moment the cops and the state have no great enthusiasm for the fascist groups .
The fascists have little support from any section of the ruling class so any support they get from the police is restricted to that engendered by a set of common prejudices they share .
There is no doubt though that the fascists in Germany have the passive if not active support of the cops a lot of the time .
At Rostock the local police failed to do anything to protect the immigrants or prevent fascists from arriving at the town .
Considerable numbers of anti-fascists were arrested in Rostock however .
Yet the German polices response when sections of the left use physical force as a weapon is much more spectacular .
In the 70's the terrorist Red Army Fraction ( RAF ) killed a much smaller number of people than the fascists have killed in Germany .
This activity was enough for the German state to ban members of left organisations from any state employment , hounding tens of thousands out of their jobs .
It saw waves of arrests and torture in police custody .
It saw the murder of three of the leading members of the RAF in jail by the state .
The German far right has not received anything like the same sort of treatment .
They do have the support of at least a small section of the ruling class .
Fascism or racism ?
The concentration by the fascists on racism also explains why their supporters include many workers this time around .
When all the mainstream political parties are blaming unemployment and poor housing on immigration the fascists are able to say , look we are fighting to get you jobs by driving out these foreigners .
This is why many on the left see the far - right as being ultra-racists rather than fascists .
At the moment the fight against the manifestations of racism is more important , but this can not be artificially divided from the fight against the far - right parties .
This separation also comes out of a analysis of fascism that sees it as something which can only arise in opposition to the existence of a large militant socialist movement .
Essentially in this analysis fascism is a tool the bosses use only when there is a working class movement heading in a revolutionary direction .
Before World War
Two fascism did not arise to head off an imminent revolution in either Germany or Italy .
It arose because the bosses needed to squeeze the working class a lot harder than the democratic capitalist state was capable of .
Wage cuts were so savage under fascism that wages in Germany , for instance , did not reach the 1931 level until 1956 .
Including cuts in the social wage , new taxes and direct wage cuts workers lost at least 50 % of their pay .
In fact a large part of the German " economic miracle " after World War Two was due to the fact that post - war German bosses were left both with the physical legacy of the capital created under fascism but also a level of wages and conditions much lower then the rest of Europe .
At the moment capitalism is in a deep crisis and it would appear that neither social partnership as practised in Ireland or the " free market " economics of the Thatcherites can pull it out .
This does not mean that the bosses will necessarily turn to fascism in the near future , it does however mean that it would be dangerous to rule out this possibility .
It has been argued that the unions are very weak and the bosses would not need to resort to such measure to drive down wages .
As against this wages in most European countries have not yet fallen in real terms .
Attempts by the bosses to actually cut back wages have been met with limited resistance like the metal workers ' strike in Germany or the miners ' marches in Britain .
Some workers , like the tube workers in London , have taken action outside the official structure of their unions .
The actual level of resistance to substantial real cuts is unmeasured , the bosses could decide the current states are incapable of enforcing their will .
Soft racists
The current status of the European far - right as a primarily racist rather than fascist movement does effect the way we fight it .
It is the official racism of the governments and opposition parties that has made the far right acceptable .
Yet many of their campaigns built by the left to - day have sought to include soft racists in the fight against the hard racists .
This is a mistake for three reasons .
Firstly it means those sections of the population subject to racism will just see the left as not offering any real alternative .
Secondly it makes the fascists ' racist agenda itself more acceptable although it aims to make their methods less so .
Thirdly , it 's wrong to give any respectability or comfort to racism .
The racists have succeeded in creating a consensus throughout Europe that runs from the far right to the soft left .
Immigration is identified as the key to the problem affecting workers ' conditions .
The difference between the fascists fire - bombing houses and the French Socialist Party deporting immigrants is , in the final analysis , one of tactics and not one of principle .
The fascists may well lose support to the more moderate racists if these ' moderates ' succeed in slowing immigration .
This demonstrates how it is not the fascists setting the terms of debate but rather the mainstream parties .
There is a need to win what remains of the activists in social democratic parties to a more serious anti-fascism but this can not be effectively done through alliances with the leaderships of these organisations .
All of the larger far left groupings in Europe do not seem to be serious about fighting the rise of fascism .
Many of the anti-fascist organisations that have been set up are no more than the crudest of recruiting fronts for various Leninist parties .
Some like the Anti-Nazi League and ' Youth against Racism in Europe ' do not even have a real branch structure or meetings .
They operate entirely as a wing of the Party , propagating a somewhat watered down version of the full line with the aim of identifying potential recruits .
Outside involvement is confined to big name speakers .
This is very much a repeat of the tactics used by both the Communist Parties and the social democrats in the early thirties ( albeit from a different political angle ) .
They tended to identify the other left groups as a more serious threat to themselves then the fascists , the Communist Parties going so far as to characterise the social democrats as " social - fascists " .
Later when the depth of the threat had been realised alliances with " progressive " elements of the bourgeoisie were ranked as being more important than any physical opposition to the fascists .
Indeed it was feared that any physical confrontation might drive away liberal supporters .
CONTROLLING THE ANTI -FASCISTS ?
What is needed is an open campaign that will fight against fascism as part of a broader campaign against racism .
Physical confrontation , and physical defence and mobilisation of their victims , will have to form a key part of this .
What we can expect is unfortunately somewhat different to this .
The bulk of the left is so demoralised by the events of the last few years that all of the large organisations are afraid of involving their members outside the immediate role of paper sellers .
It was the refusal of the left in the 20's and 30's to recognise a common enemy and work against it that helped fascism into power .
The struggle for the control of the anti-fascists became more important then the struggle against fascism .
Cute phrases about history repeating itself can not sufficiently describe the horror that will come about if the same mistake is made again .
From Workers Solidarity No38 , 1993
WORDS Andrew Flood ( Follow Andrew on Twitter )
Revisiting the Numeric Classes
The Prelude for Haskell 98 offers a well - considered set of numeric classes which covers the standard numeric types ( Integer , Int , Rational , Float , Double , Complex ) quite well .
But they offer limited extensibility and have a few other flaws .
In this proposal we will revisit these classes , addressing the following concerns :
1 The current Prelude defines no semantics for the fundamental operations .
For instance , presumably addition should be associative ( or come as close as feasible ) , but this is not mentioned anywhere .
2
There are some superfluous superclasses .
For instance , Eq and Show are superclasses of Num .
Consider the data type data IntegerFunction a = IF ( a -> Integer )
One can reasonably define all the methods of Algebra .
Ring .C for IntegerFunction a ( satisfying good semantics ) , but it is impossible to define non-bottom instances of Eq and Show .
In general , superclass relationship should indicate some semantic connection between the two classes .
3
In a few cases , there is a mix of semantic operations and representation - specific operations .
to Integer , toRational , and the various operations in RealFloating ( decodeFloat , ... ) are the main examples .
4
In some cases , the hierarchy is not finely - grained enough : Operations that are often defined independently are lumped together .
For instance , in a financial application one might want a type " Dollar " , or in a graphics application one might want a type " Vector " .
It is reasonable to add two Vectors or Dollars , but not , in general , reasonable to multiply them .
But the programmer is currently forced to define a method for '(* ) ' when she defines a method for '(+ ) ' .
In specifying the semantics of type classes , I will state laws as follows :
( a + b ) + c === a + ( b + c )
The intended meaning is extensional equality :
The rest of the program should behave in the same way if one side is replaced with the other .
Unfortunately , the laws are frequently violated by standard instances ; the law above , for instance , fails for Float :
( 1e20 + ( - 1e20 ) ) + 1.0 = 1.0 1e20 + ( ( - 1e20 ) + 1.0 ) = 0.0
For inexact number types like floating point types , thus these laws should be interpreted as guidelines rather than absolute rules .
In particular , the compiler is not allowed to use them for optimization .
Unless stated otherwise , default definitions should also be taken as laws .
Thanks to Brian Boutel , Joe English , William Lee Irwin II , Marcin Kowalczyk , Ketil Malde , Tom Schrijvers , Ken Shan , and Henning Thielemann for helpful comments .
Scope & Limitations / TODO : * It might be desireable to split Ord up into Poset and Ord ( a total ordering ) .
This is not addressed here .
In some cases , this hierarchy may not yet be fine - grained enough .
For instance , time spans ( " 5 minutes " ) can be added to times ( " 12:34 " ) , but two times are not addable .
( " 12:34 + 8:23 " ) As it stands , users have to use a different operator for adding time spans to times than for adding two time spans .
Similar issues arise for vector space et al .
This is a consciously - made tradeoff , but might be changed .
This becomes most serious when dealing with quantities with units like length / distance ^2 , for which ( * ) as defined here is useless .
( One way to see the issue : should f x y = iterate ( x *) y have principal type ( Ring.C a ) => a -> a -> [ a ] or something like ( Ring. C a , Module a b ) => a -> b -> [ b ] ?)
I stuck with the Haskell 98 names .
In some cases I find them lacking .
Neglecting backwards compatibility , we have renamed classes as follows : Num -->
Ring , Fractional -->
Field , Floating -->
Algebraic + Transcendental , RealFloat --> RealTranscendental ,
It 's slightly unfortunate that abs can no longer be used for complex numbers , since it is standard mathematically .
magnitude or more generally Algebra.NormedSpace.Euclidean.norm can be used .
But it had the wrong type before , and I could n't see how to fit it in without complicating the hierarchy .
Additional standard libraries might include Enum , IEEEFloat ( including the bulk of the functions in Haskell 98's RealFloat class ) , VectorSpace , Ratio , and Lattice .
Microsoft appears to be using a picture of an Apple laptop on the cover of its Windows 7 launch documentation .
The cover of Microsoft 's " Final Win7 Product Guide " shows a man sitting on his couch apparently using the new Windows 7 operating system on his laptop .
His son - we presume this is his son and not a random child jumping on his head - is also excited by the new OS , so much so that he risks breaking his father 's neck .
But canny - eyed Andrew Harrison , Reviews Editor of PC Advisor , noticed that the laptop in question appears to be not a recent PC portable but an old Apple PowerBook G4 Titanium - itself incapable of running Windows 7 .
" I 'm discounting Connextix / Microsoft VirtualPC as a solution , as it'd be too glacially slow to run any post - XP Microsoft OS , " says Harrison , who once owned a couple of models of the Titanium PowerBook and is therefore intimately aware of what the back of one looks like - even with the metal port - defending flap raised .
See the suspicious picture below :
To make matters worse Microsoft appears to have tried to disguise the Mac laptop by crudely Photoshopping a Windows logo over the prominent Apple logo that was part of the PowerBook 's lid design .
The Apple PowerBook G4 in question was current from 2001 until 2003 .
The first Mac laptop with an Intel CPU that could theoretically run Windows 7 was the 15in MacBook Pro from February 2006 .
So either the man with the child on his head was using Windows 7 way ahead of time ( in which case why , for heaven 's sake , did n't he stop Microsoft releasing Windows Vista ? ) or he loves his PowerBook so much that he has n't upgraded in around seven years .
Another explanation would be if Microsoft is suggesting that he owns a Mac but loves Windows so much that he has obscured the horrible Apple logo , and is only now ready to switch to Windows 7 .
Anyone else got a plausible suggestion for why else Microsoft would feature an incompatible , rival product on the " final " documentation of its most important software launch in years ?
Microsoft has been accused of using Apple Macs in the past .
We can't be sure of the veracity of the image shown on failblog.org and pictured here , but the possibility that the Mac in question could actually have been running Windows seems a poor defence of a company not even supporting its own Windows partners .
This embarrassment tops off a rather red-faced Windows 7 launch week for Microsoft .
At the London launch - held at a club called Hospital ... - the company demonstrators failed three times to get the touchscreen Windows 7 PC to connect to the Internet .
The first two times it did n't work they blamed the PC for having a loose cable .
The third time it happened - or rather did n't happen - they just stopped trying .
How to upgrade to Windows 7
Windows 7 review
Windows 7 PCs
D elores Brown did n't know that Rogers Communications had put a bad debt on her credit record .
She found out only when her condo mortgage came up for renewal last August .
A mortgage broker told her the bank would n't renew unless her credit record was cleaned up .
Funny thing :
She did n't even have a Rogers account , though she had cable TV included in her monthly condo fees .
And she never received any collection notices .
It seems Brown had been mixed up with another customer with the same name .
But despite her repeated calls to Rogers , she found out only three days before the mortgage was renewed on Oct. 1 that the bad debt was removed .
Brown , who 's 82 and has colitis , felt stressed out by the rush to renew her mortgage while battling belligerent call centre staff who could n't give her a straight answer .
She asked Rogers for compensation and did n't get anywhere until she called the Star this week .
When offered $ 100 cash , she also negotiated a year 's worth of free internet and movie channels .
Rogers customers often tell me they 're getting a raw deal .
But I hope things will improve now the company has appointed its first ombudsman , Donald E. Moffatt .
While he is supposed to act as a court of last resort , Moffatt will intervene quickly if he sees an injustice – as he did upon hearing of a 13 - year - old boy 's cellphone that did n't work .
Matthew Jones had saved his own money to buy the phone , which stopped charging after four months .
When told he had to send it away for repairs for one month , he asked about a loaner .
" Your store told my son if his phone broke , there would be a loaner , " his father , David Jones , wrote to the ombudsman ( and to me ) .
" You did n't say it was a maybe option and you might not . "
Moffatt called him the following morning and offered to replace the phone .
" I was impressed by Don .
I believed him when he asked questions about the experience and then said he was going to take a look at loaner phone access across their 800 - plus stores , " Jones said .
" I certainly did not feel he was just placating me because we had copied you .
I felt there was a genuine interest in making his company better .
This left me with a positive impression of Rogers . "
The ombudsman , who started in July , has held senior executive jobs at Bell Canada , CIBC and Citibank in his 30 - year career .
He 's on his second tour of duty at Rogers , returning five years ago to help transform the business .
" We 're trying to get better at providing service , " he said in an interview .
" This is an assault on a number of fronts – systems , processes and culture . "
In the 18 months before moving to become the ombudsman , Moffatt helped rewrite about 100 company policies to make them more friendly to customers .
For example , Rogers no longer asks for a death certificate when asked to disconnect services and waive cancellation fees for someone who died .
It does n't demand proof of disability when asked to provide free 411 access or Braille services .
As ombudsman , Moffatt says he 's independent from Rogers .
He has no access to company records and has to ask for authorization from customers to check their files .
Handling 100 complaints a month – a drop in the bucket considering that Rogers has 8 million wireless customers – the ombudsman 's office has n't made a big impact yet .
But it might .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
To get in touch , you have to go through three earlier steps , then send an email to ombudsman@rci.rogers.com or send a fax to 416-935-3604 .
eroseman@thestar.ca
The niqab has become increasingly popular among Egypt's Muslims
Egypt 's highest Muslim authority has said he will issue a religious edict against the growing trend for full women 's veils , known as the niqab .
Sheikh Mohamed Tantawi , dean of al - Azhar university , called full - face veiling a custom that has nothing to do with the Islamic faith .
Although most Muslim women in Egypt wear the Islamic headscarf , increasing numbers are adopting the niqab as well .
The practice is widely associated with more conservative trends of Islam .
The niqab question reportedly arose when Sheikh Tantawi was visiting a girls ' school in Cairo at the weekend and asked one of the students to remove her niqab .
The Egyptian newspaper al - Masri al - Yom quoted him expressing surprise at the girl 's attire and telling her it was merely a tradition , with no connection to religion or the Koran .
Safest hybrid cars View photos
These five ultra-efficient vehicles have earned the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety 's Top Safety Pick Award .
Quick Vote
When will you know that an economic recovery is underway ?
When the Dow tops 10,000
When GDP turns positive
When job growth resumes
It 's already started or View results
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Toyota issued a safety warning for 3.8 million Lexus and Toyota cars because of potentially deadly floor mats .
In statements released Tuesday , the world 's largest automaker and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration warned drivers to remove the mats or risk a forced - down accelerator pedal that could lead to a fatal crash .
The seven models being recalled could potentially have removable mats that would interfere with the pedal and cause it to stick .
" A stuck open accelerator pedal may result in very high vehicle speeds and make it difficult to stop the vehicle , which could cause a crash , serious injury or death , " said Toyota in its statement .
Though Toyota recalled accessory all - weather floor mats in 2007 for similar problems , NHTSA noted that reports of vehicles accelerating rapidly even after the release of the pedal have continued .
In a statement posted on the automaker 's Web site earlier this month , Toyota said that preliminary information from investigators indicated that a fatal crash involving a family driving a 2009 ES350 loaned by a local Lexus dealer in San Diego could have been caused by an all - weather floor mat interfering with the accelerated pedal because of a faulty mat installation .
" There is an urgent matter , " said U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood in the NHTSA statement .
" For everyone 's sake , we strongly urge owners of these vehicles to remove mats or other obstacles that could lead to unintended acceleration . "
Toyota has announced that it will soon launch a safety recall to redress the problem , but NHTSA and the automaker warn Toyota and Lexus drivers of certain models to remove that floor mats sooner for safety .
The Toyota models being impacted are : 2007 - 2010 Camry , 2005 - 2010 Avalon , 2004 - 2009 Prius , 2005 - 2010 Tacoma and 2007 - 2010 Tundra .
The Lexus models facing the safety recall are the 2007 - 2010 ES 350 , and the 2006 - 2010 IS 250 and IS 350 .
This is the first hybrid production car .
It was built in 1898 .
No , that is n't a typo .
Truly new ideas are few and far between , and nowhere is that more true than in the auto industry .
From fuel injection to run-flat tires and even hybrids , the auto industry has been there , done that .
It does n't always stick the first time because timing and delivery are everything .
Some of the coolest automotive technology came about before the public was ready for it .
But we can look back and see the cars that featured it were well ahead of their time .
And so we present Autopia ’s top 10 cars that were ahead of their time .
Each contributed something significant to the mix :
They often fell flat in the showroom , but sooner or later the innovation they heralded changed the face of motoring .
1898 Lohner - Porsche Mixte - Hybrid
The world 's first gas-electric car ( pictured above ) was built by 18 - year - old Ferdinand Porsche as he worked his first job with coach - builder Jacob Lohner & Co from 1898 to 1906 .
Propelled by four electric - drive hubs , the gas - and battery - powered car carried almost two tons of lead - acid batteries and reached a top speed of 37 mph .
Three hundred were sold during Porsche 's eight - year tenure with Lohner .
In 1906 Porsche was recruited by Austro - Daimler as chief designer .
When he left , Lohner said , “ He is very young , but is a man with a big career before him .
You will hear of him again . ”
Photo : Porsche.com
1934 Citroën Traction Avant
The Traction Avant is named for its innovative front - wheel drive design , and the moniker means “ forward traction . ”
The innovative drivetrain was n’t the only forward - thinking aspect of the Avant .
The car used a unibody design , which integrates the bodywork with structural members to eliminate the need for a separate frame .
The result is a lighter car .
Citroën produced the car from 1934 until 1937 1957 .
It was n't the first front - wheel - drive production car – that title goes the 1928 Alvis – but it was the first successful front - wheel - drive production car .
Photo : jamesclay / Flickr
1948 Tucker
Preston Tucker packed more innovation into his one car than the Big Three offered in their entire lineups .
The Tucker Torpedo – later shortened to " The Tucker " given post - war sensibilities – featured several industry firsts , including seat belts , a third headlight that turned with the wheels , a perimeter frame with integrated roll - bar crash protection and a hemispherical combustion engine .
It also was remarkably aerodynamic .
Its drag coefficient of 0.27 is an impressive figure on par with the current Toyota Prius .
And then there 's the stuff that never left the drawing board : magnesium wheels , disc brakes , fuel injection and self - sealing tubeless tires .
Tucker was plagued by bad publicity in the wake of a U.S. Securities and Trade Commission investigation initiated by a Michigan senator , whom many believe was acting on behalf of the Big Three .
We can only imagine where American automakers might be today if the Tucker saw full production .
Instead , just 51 were built , and they can fetch more than $ 1 million today .
Photo : braintoad / Flickr
1967 NSU Ro80
The fully independent suspension car from the 1960s that could pass for a 1980s Ford … only better .
German auto and motorcycle manufacturer NSU created the Ro80 , best known for its dual - 500 cc Wankel rotary power plants amongst other innovations .
The Ro80 featured a vacuum operated clutchless manual transmission , inboard disc brakes to reduce unsprung weight and power - assisted rack - and - pinion steering .
Unfortunately , a rough - running Ford V4 often replaced the misunderstood smooth - running Wankel motor .
In 1969 NSU was bought by VW and merged with Auto Union to become Audi NSU Auto - Union A.G.
After the last Ro80 rolled off the line in 1977 , NSU branding disappeared completely .
Photo : geralds_1311 / Flickr
1975 Volvo 240
Volvo is synonymous with safety , and in 1972 Volvo created the Volvo Experimental Safety Car concept to test and demonstrate new technology .
The concept included crumple zones , rollover protection , a collapsing steering wheel , anti-lock brakes , auto - locking seat belts , airbags and pop -up head rests .
It even had a back - up camera , something that was n't a factory option on cars until a few years ago !
The Experimental Safety Car gave birth to the Volvo 240 , sans back - up camera unfortunately .
The car did n't change much during a 20 - year run .
In 1976 the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration bought 25 of them ; they set the side - impact and other standards for the entire industry .
In 1991 the Volvo 240 wagon , pretty much unchanged since 1975 , was voted the safest vehicle in America .
The last Volvo 240 rolled off the line in 1993 .
Photo : dhwright / Flickr
1980 AMC Eagle
AMC was in a bind in the late 1970s .
The oil embargo was over , but AMC was stuck with the ailing Jeep line and an aging lineup of passenger cars .
So what did it do ?
It mashed them together to create the world ’s first full - time four - wheel - drive passenger car .
Yes , AMC barely edged out Audi and Subaru , which had superior vehicles .
But first is first .
The Eagle came in two- , three - and four - door models and even a convertible , and it paved the way for the all - wheel - drive passenger car market ( for better or worse ) and the crossover utility vehicles of today ( for better or worse ) .
AMC built some 200,000 Eagles until Chrysler bought the company in 1987 .
Photo : intuitivecat / Flickr
1986 Porsche 959
" Bad -ass " is the first thing that comes to mind with the Porsche 959 .
It made 450 horsepower and nearly 500 foot - pounds of torque back when such figures were almost unheard of in a road car – and it did so with a tiny 2.8 - liter engine .
A computer - controlled all - wheel drive system made sure that insane level of power made its way to the ground .
The 959 was a race car with turn signals and A/C that dominated rallying and the 24 Hours of LeMans as well .
It still looks modern 23 years later and is still almost certainly more car than you can handle .
Photo : shanafin / Flickr
1991 Infiniti Q45a
Back in the early 1990s , the Japanese launched high - end spinoff brands to compete against the luxury rat-pack of Mercedes - Benz , BMW and Jaguar .
Infiniti's first attempt , the Q45a , was a colossal failure with mediocre styling , zero name recognition and so - so interior appointments .
But it offered an active suspension system that reduced body roll in turns while absorbing bumps , wallows and potholes and maintaining a level body .
Some argued the car 's computing power was n't fast enough to keep up with the road , but the improvement in handling and ride quality was impressive .
So too was the $ 4,000 price tag for a suspension option now offered as standard equipment on many of today ’s top luxury and performance cars .
Photo : IFCAR
1996 GM EV-1
We 're not about to wade into the debate over how and why General Motors killed the EV1 and whether the car was commercially viable .
Suffice it to say the electric car was a wondrous machine and a technological marvel .
First - gen cars produced between 1996 and 1999 used lead - acid batteries with a range of 70 to 100 miles ; the second - gen models used nickel - metal hydride that bumped the range to 80 to 140 miles .
GM built the cars to appease the California Air Resources Board , which was coming down hard on emissions to improve air quality .
General Motors ( and other automakers ) fought the mandate and argued there was no market for EVs .
GM built 1,117 EV1s and leased them to consumers ; it argued the cars were not profitable and canceled the program in late 2003 , took back the cars and crushed all but two of them .
Those so inclined can argue the details and conspiracy theories in the comments .
Image : General Motors
1999 Honda Insight
Leave it Honda to create a hybrid vehicle when we were paying a buck and change for a gallon of gas .
The Honda Insight was the first gas-electric hybrid sold in North America .
It was a revolutionary vehicle , which is one reason it did n't really catch on .
Beyond the innovative drivetrain , the car featured an ultra-aerodynamic drag - coefficient of 0.25 and futuristic design .
It also got as much as 70 mpg , setting a benchmark current hybrids – including the current Honda Insight – are still trying to attain .
Of course , Toyota came along with the Prius shortly after Honda introduced the Insight , and the rest , as they say , is history .
Photo : beigephotos / Flickr
We obviously can't run down every car that was ahead of its time , so use the Reddit widget below to tell us what we missed and why it 's so damn cool .
But these were the ones that really stuck in our minds .
Think we forgot one ?
Let us know , we 're itching to know what we left out of your top 10 .
Submit a car
While you can submit as many cars as you want , you can only submit one every 30 minutes .
No HTML allowed .
Back to top
Incidents listed are selected by the Officer In Charge of each shift that may have significant public interest .
Incidents listed are not inclusive of all incidents .
To view Calls for Services information , please visit communitycrimemap.com .
Requests for information can be directed to the MPD Records Unit : ( 608 ) 266-4075 .
Incident Report for Case # 2009-294540
Incident Type Intoxicated Driver
Incident Date
10/01/2009 - 4:03 PM
Address South Park Street @ Hughes Place
Arrested Julie T. Sorenson , age 37 , Madison
Ms. Sorenson was cited for Operating a Motor Vehicle While Under the Influence ( 2nd Offense ) , and Inattentive Driving .
Victim(s ) Madison Police officer
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
The " shepherding spacecraft " will analyse the impact debris
Nasa is set to crash two unmanned spacecraft into the Moon in a bid to detect the presence of water - ice .
A 2,200kg rocket stage will be first to collide , hurling debris high above the lunar surface .
A second spacecraft packed with science instruments will analyse the contents of this dusty cloud before meeting a similar fate .
The identification of water - ice in the impact plume would be a major discovery , scientists say .
Not least because a supply of water on the Moon would be a vital resource for future human exploration .
There is hydrogen down in that crater , we 're going to go dig some of it up
Anthony Colaprete , Nasa The $ 79 m ( £ 49 m ; 53 m euro ) mission is called LCROSS ( the Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite ) .
Greg Schmidt , deputy director of the US space agency 's Lunar Science Institute said : " We 're attempting to answer here one of the most important remaining questions for both science and future exploration : Has water been deposited on the Moon in major quantities ? "
" We 're doing the LCROSS mission in a new low - cost way that can serve as a pathfinder for future missions Nasa is interested in doing . "
The existence of water - ice in permanently shadowed craters at the lunar poles had previously been postulated by scientists , but never confirmed .
These craters are very cold , receiving heat only from space and from the Moon 's interior ( which is geologically dead ) .
Here in the lunar " shadowlands " , ice - perhaps delivered by cometary impacts - is protected from the Sun 's rays and could remain stable over geological timescales .
In September , analyses of data from three spacecraft revealed that very fine films of water coat the particles which make up the lunar soil .
The Centaur successfully separated from LCROSS early on Friday ( BST )
This water might also migrate to darkened craters , sublimating during the lunar day and condensing once it reached the cooler poles .
There are two main components of the mission : the large Centaur rocket upper stage and a smaller " shepherding spacecraft " which is also known as just LCROSS .
These have been connected since they were launched from Cape Canaveral , Florida , in June .
The shepherding spacecraft is designed to guide the rocket to its target at the Moon 's south pole , a shaded 100 km - wide depression called Cabeus crater .
In the early hours of Friday morning ( BST ) , the Centaur and shepherding spacecraft separated .
We will have to be careful to keep some areas as ' protected parks ' on the Moon
Bernard Foing , Esa Then , at 1231 BST ( 0731 EDT ) , the rocket stage will hit the Moon 's south pole at roughly twice the speed of a bullet , throwing an estimated 350 tonnes of debris to altitudes of 10 km ( 6.2 mile ) or more .
With an energy equivalent to one - and - a - half tonnes of TNT , the collision will carve out another crater some 20 m ( 66 ft ) wide and about 4 m ( 13 ft ) deep .
The shepherding spacecraft will follow in the Centaur 's wake , descending through the debris plume to hit the lunar surface four minutes after the initial impact .
It will use onboard spectrometers to look for signs of water , hydroxyl compounds ( OH ) , salts , clays , hydrated minerals and organic molecules in the sun - lit plume .
The red dots show impact points for the two spacecraft in Cabeus crater
In the late 1990s , Nasa 's Lunar Prospector mission looked at the energy of neutrons coming from the Moon and detected an excess of hydrogen at both poles .
This result does not confirm the presence of ice ; the hydrogen could be in another form .
But if it does exist in the form of ice , the polar regions could hold hundreds of metric tonnes .
Dr Vincent Eke , from Durham University , UK , helped map hydrogen concentrations across the Moon 's surface using Lunar Prospector data .
He told the BBC : " Water molecules contains two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom , so this rocket should aim for where there is some hydrogen if it wants to have a chance of finding water . "
Excess hydrogen
On the prospects for a successful outcome , he said : " The interesting thing is whether the debris that gets thrown out will actually get thrown out of the crater and into the sunlight .
" Nasa predicts that the debris should rise [ up to ] nine miles , which should certainly take it over the crater rim .
But if , for some unfortunate reason , the debris does n't get into the sunlight , we wo n't be able to see it , which will be disappointing .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
If ice is present in permanently shaded craters it could provide a water source for the eventual establishment of a manned base on the Moon .
But Dr Bernard Foing , executive director of the International Lunar Exploration Working Group ( ILEWG ) , said it would be desirable to protect some of this polar ice , if it indeed exists .
" We will have to be careful to keep some areas as ' protected parks ' on the Moon .
This is so that we could , for instance , send a lander , drill down and obtain a core sample a few metres in depth , " he told BBC News .
" Then we could eventually study the history of delivery of water to the Moon and the Earth . "
Dr Foing will work with the LCROSS team to compare the data from that spacecraft with information collected when Esa 's Smart - 1 probe was brought down on the Moon 's surface in 2006 .
Ground observations Anthony Colaprete , principal investigator on the LCROSS mission , said recent data from Nasa 's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter ( LRO ) supported the team 's decision to target Cabeus crater .
" There is hydrogen down in that crater ; we 're going to go dig some of it up , " he explained .
Professional astronomers will study the impacts using ground - based telescopes , including the Magdalena Ridge and Apache Ridge Observatories in New Mexico , US , and the MMT Observatory in Arizona .
In some parts of the world where it is dark at the time of impact , the Centaur debris plume might be visible through amateur - class telescopes with apertures as small as 10 to 12 inches , mission scientists said .
Earth - orbiting satellites are also geared up to observe the collisions , including the Hubble Space Telescope ; and the Odin satellite , an astronomy and aeronomy mission led by Sweden .
In August , the mission was threatened when a problem caused LCROSS to lose a " substantial " amount of its propellant .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Are you an amateur astronomer ?
Are you watching this event ?
Send your pictures to yourpics@bbc.co.uk , text them to +44 7725 100 100 or you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Nobel committee did President Obama no favors by prematurely awarding him its peace prize .
As he himself acknowledged , he has not done anything yet on the scale that would normally merit such an award  and it dismays me that the most important prize in the world has been devalued in this way .
It is not the president ’s fault , though , that the Europeans are so relieved at his style of leadership , in contrast to that of his predecessor , that they want to do all they can to validate and encourage it .
I thought the president showed great grace in accepting the prize not for himself but “ as an affirmation of American leadership on behalf of aspirations held by people in all nations . ”
All that said , I hope Mr. Obama will take this instinct a step further when he travels to Oslo on Dec. 10 for the peace prize ceremony .
Here is the speech I hope he will give :
“ Let me begin by thanking the Nobel committee for awarding me this prize , the highest award to which any statesman can aspire .
As I said on the day it was announced , ‘ I do not feel that I deserve to be in the company of so many of the transformative figures who ’ve been honored by this prize . ’
Therefore , upon reflection , I cannot accept this award on my behalf at all .
“ But I will accept it on behalf of the most important peacekeepers in the world for the last century  the men and women of the U.S. Army , Navy , Air Force and Marine Corps .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Coupe prototype designs could disappear from the Le Mans 24 Hours as the result of new rules planned for 2011 , reports this week 's AUTOSPORT magazine .
Draft 2011 rules communicated to manufacturers and constructors last week will ensure that " no one in their right mind would build a closed car " , according to Aston Martin Racing team principal George Howard - Chappell .
The Automobile Club de l'Ouest revealed that it is planning to remove the power break given to coupes when the new Le Mans engine formula comes into force the year after next .
LMP1 and LMP2 coupes are afforded larger diameter air restrictors than their open top counterparts because they are forced to run air conditioning .
This reflects the fact that an air - con system saps engine power .
" There will be no incentive to do a closed car , and you need that because a coupe is more work , " said Howard - Chappell .
" There is a small aerodynamic advantage in running a closed car , but there are so many negatives .
" You have to engineer doors , there is the question of additional weight and keeping the screen clean .
It is a much more complex car . "
Peugeot team manager Serge Saulnier also criticised the move .
" There needs to be an equivalence because of the power [ sapped by the air - con ] and the complexity of the system , " he said .
He also questioned the rule change on safety grounds .
" It is stupid to push people to make an open car in terms of safety , " he said .
" We believe that a closed car is the safer way . "
New spyware disguising itself as a Flash plug - in for the Mozilla Firefox web browser is infiltrating computers in an attempt to monitor the search patterns of victims worldwide .
The nameless spyware is being called " sneaky " because it also appears as legitimate .
According to Sophos , everything about the new spyware is designed to dupe users .
It even shows up in the list of Firefox extensions after download completion under the faux name " Adobe Flash Player 0.2 " .
( Source : pcworld.com )
New Spyware : Anything but Legitimate
However , what 's installed is anything but legitimate .
The spyware is designed to monitor your Google searches and send the data to a " remote server " .
The result : doctored advertisements that appear on the web pages you view .
It is unknown at this time if clicking onto these advertisement banners will lead to the installation of more malware , though experts believe that result is the most likely .
Those concerned about the safety of their computer are warned to take the extra effort in ensuring the validity of the downloading source .
Users can also go one step further in improving their security standards by sending all questionable downloads to virustotal.com , where about 40 different anti-virus engines ( including Sophos ) will scan your downloaded program prior to installation .
Questionable Flash in New Mac OS
Flash also remains a sore spot for the new Mac OS X Snow Leopard , which is now being shipped with an old and very unsecure version of Flash ( version 10.0.23.1 ) .
( Source : yahoo.com )
Those unsure about the stability of their current Flash program can visit the test page found at adobe.com and swap their unsecure version for the latest and safest copy from Adobe .
I have to get something off my chest .
It ’s been bothering me for the past few months and I ’ve been meaning to write about it , but had n’t made the time .
Better now than never .
So here it goes …
LMFAO ( the band ) please stop making alternate versions to your song “ I ’m in Miami Trick . ”
I do n’t know if you guys know LMFAO , but they have this super annoying song that ’s played a billion times on the radio called “ I ’m in Miami Bitch ” or the more radio appropriate version “ I ’m in Miami Trick . ”
I ’ve embedded the song and video below for your listening “ enjoyment . ”
To be honest I kinda liked the song the first time they played it , but in typical commercialized brainwashing fashion they kept playing it until my ears bled .
That was already painful enough , but nothing out of the ordinary , however things got worse .
One day while listening to the radio I hear …
blah blah blah … I ’m in LA trick !
At first I thought I was listening to a different song because I could have sworn they normally say “ I ’m in Miami Trick . ”
But the DJ said it was LMFAO .
Fair enough so there ’s 2 different versions of this song .
A few weeks later I was driving around San Francisco and heard this on the radio …
blah blah blah …
I ’m in The Bay trick !
WTF ?
There 3 versions of this song now ?
The worst part is that ’s it ’s not even brand new lyrics talking about “ the Bay ” or whatever city they are singing about .
It ’s just them replacing one city name with another city name and then adding “ trick ” after it .
Either way my hatred for the song and the band is steadily increasing ( not yet at Twitter hate levels ) .
A few weeks later my girlfriend comes back from Denver , Colorado , and says “ you ’ll never guess what I heard in Denver … ”
Please do n’t tell me –
blah blah blah …
I ’m in Denver trick !
That ’s right , Denver now has it ’s own LMFAO “ Trick ” song .
This was the straw that broke my back .
Just how much more pandering to the audience and selling out can LMFAO do ?
Just how many versions of their crappy song “ I ’m in Miami Trick ” are there ?
Wikipedia provided me the answers .
There are at least 59 versions of “ I ’m in [ FILL IN THE BLANK WITH WHATEVER ] Trick ! ”
Yes 59 versions of their song .
I wo n’t list them all here , but that ’s a lot of “ tricks . ”
Among the more notable “ Tricks ” include :
“ I ’m in New Bedford Trick ” ( New Bedford , MA , I had to look that up )
“ I ’m in the Burgh Trick ” ( Pittsburgh )
“ I ’m in Fort Wayne Trick ” ( Fort Wayne , IN )
“ I ’m in Winnipeg Trick ” ( Winnipeg , Canada )
“ I ’m in the IE Trick ” ( I thought Internet Explorer , but Inland Empire CA )
“ I ’m in Canada Trick ” ( for stations in rural Canada )
Before I thought the formula for a LMFAO song was [ Any American City ] +
Trick .
However , from the list of 59 versions apparently you can just choose any geographic location .
It can be a city anywhere in the world , a region , a country , etc …
What is somewhat amusing is how LMFAO got lazy with Canada .
Rather than go through and “ create ” alternate versions for many of the cities in Canada ( besides the major ones ) they just decided to do a blanket Canadian version “ I ’m in Canada Trick . ”
Geez , LMFAO , if you are going to do something do it all the way !
Why stop at geographic locations ?
Why not take your hit making formula and just incorporate any nouns that make somewhat sense ?
This way you can target and market your talent to those people …
Here are some suggestions to help you increase your sales revenue :
“ I ’m in Foreclosure Trick ! ”
“ I ’m without Insurance Trick ! ”
“ I ’m in Pre-School Trick ”
“ I ’m in Detention Trick ”
“ I ’m in Jail Trick ”
“ I ’m in Denial Trick ”
“ I ’m in My Car Trick ”
I ca n’t stop myself from coming up with more LMFAO hits .
I should be a song writer .
Anyway , there has to be some record in the Guinness Book of World Records for most versions of a crappy song done by the same artist .
At 59 versions LMFAO would definitely be the front runner .
Not even Petey Pablo and his song “ Raise Up ” did he decide to sell out and do separate versions for each major city instead he just did :
a remix called “ Raise Up [ All Cities remix ] ” which is similar to the original , starting off with North Carolina , except that he shouts out other cities , states or regions in this order : South Carolina , Atlanta , Virginia , New York City , New Jersey , Philadelphia , Washington , D.C. , Maryland , Houston , Dallas , New Orleans , St. Louis , Miami , Los Angeles , Chicago , Las Vegas and San Francisco Bay Area .
Luckily not every music artist goes to the darkside like LMFAO and creates a cookie cutter song .
I mean can you imagine if John Denver had gone to LMFAO for guidance on his song “ Take Me Home , Country Roads ” ?
The chorus might have been :
“ Take me home , country roads , to the place I belong … East Calcutta , Mountain Mama … ”
So I make my final plea LMFAO … please stop…please !!
It has been a summer of staged outrage -- a.k.a. , astroturf .
As President Obama promoted his health care agenda this summer , mobs of angry Americans greeted him at town hall meetings .
They had been orchestrated by lobbyists and political interest groups .
Astroturf groups are grass - roots citizen movements run by powerful corporate and political interests .
" It is optics -- making things look as if there is more controversy than there is , " said Lisa Graves , executive director of PR Watch , a non-profit that monitors front groups .
But a look at their funding sources and origins reveal shady associations to corporations and lobbying groups .
This is a look at some of the most successful astroturfers influencing discourse in America .
The strategy she and Howe chose was to drown out the signal of the user ’s search profile in a din of background noise .
The first version of TMN randomly picked terms from a static list and fed them into four popular search engines , including Google ; to mock the idea of Web surveillance , its creators populated the list with sensitive terms like bomb and HIV .
“ It freaked people out , ” Nissenbaum says .
“ We got e-mails saying , ‘ I like your idea , but I do n’t want the FBI to think I am a terrorist . ’”
In TMN ’s more recent versions , the obfuscating terms come from a list that combines recent popular searches and RSS feeds from well - trafficked sites like CNN.com and NYTimes.com .
The list evolves over time , uniquely for each user ; every once in a while , a randomly selected term is replaced with a new one chosen from the results of a fake search involving that term .
And users can tailor the noise by selecting any RSS feed from across the Web as their source for fake terms — an ironic bit of personalizing , given the software ’s intent .
But while search privacy may be desirable to users , is it a good thing for society ?
After all , monitoring searches and responsibly mining search logs can further the common good .
For example , epidemiologists use Google search data to track the spread of influenza .
Google and other companies also claim that records of searches help them improve their search engines and prevent click fraud — the nefarious and sometimes automated clicking of links by those seeking to drive up their advertising revenue .
In fact , some searches could be viewed as a form of dialogue between citizens and their government .
Why should n’t what constituents are exploring online be the government ’s business in a healthy democracy ?
A spike in searches on “ student loans ” in New Orleans , for example , could help education officials decide whether to expand local college - aid programs .
TMN ’s creators say such uses would be more palatable if search companies committed to a responsible standard for anonymizing , storing , and purging search data .
That includes giving users the option of wiping out all trace of their searches , as Ask.com has done by launching its Eraser feature .
Howe says the pressure from privacy advocates is bearing fruit .
In September , Google announced that it would anonymize IP addresses stored in search logs after nine months instead of the previous 18 - month time frame .
“ TrackMeNot is a mechanism that allows individuals to say that we are not going to just accept all the conditions imposed by larger actors in the online environment , ” Nissenbaum says .
“ However , the world toward which TrackMeNot strives is one in which it is no longer necessary . ”
It 's one of the biggest maritime puzzles since the Mary Celeste .
In July a Russian - crewed cargo ship vanished off the coast of Finland .
Moscow claims it was hijacked .
Now one of the accused exclusively reveals a very different version of events . . .
It began as a curio item on an obscure maritime website and grew into the mystery of the summer .
What exactly happened to the Arctic Sea , the enigmatic cargo ship allegedly seized by pirates , not off the wild coast of Somalia but in the genteel EU waters of the Baltic ?
Two months after the ship was " hijacked " , the answer is now clear – at least according to Russian investigators .
Last week , they announced they had finished their probe into one of the biggest maritime puzzles since another ill - starred merchant ship , the Mary Celeste , was found drifting , crewless , in the Atlantic .
And according to Moscow , the story is reassuringly simple .
Eight armed " pirates " seized the Arctic Sea in the late evening of 24 July , off the coast of Sweden .
The pirates told the captain to sail for Africa .
The Arctic Sea then slipped through the Channel and " disappeared " on or around 30 July , prompting a frantic international search .
Three weeks later , on 17 August , a Russian naval frigate found and intercepted the boat some 300 miles off the Cape Verde Islands .
Russian officers arrested the " pirates " , who turned out to be a bunch of ethnic Russians from Estonia and Latvia .
They also freed the Arctic Sea 's 15 Russian crew members .
This bold mission , the Kremlin claims , involving ships , military aircraft and other resources , was a national triumph .
There 's only one problem with Moscow 's version of events : it just does n't stack up .
Sitting in his Moscow office , Konstantin Baranovsky – lawyer for one of the " pirates " – calmly recounts an alternative reality .
His client is Dmitry Bartenev , a 41 - year - old sailor who was born and lives in Estonia 's capital , Tallinn .
His grandfather was a Soviet admiral , his father worked for the Soviet commercial fleet .
Bartenev , his lawyer says , paints a completely different picture of events surrounding the Arctic Sea .
There was no hijacking , and he is not a pirate .
Instead , Bartenev claims that he and his seven colleagues are harmless " ecologists " who had been working for an unnamed organisation .
" He 's told me what that organisation is , but he wo n't let me disclose it .
I do n't know why , " says Baranovsky .
Bartenev 's account , relayed by his lawyer , goes like this .
On 24 July , he and his colleagues set off before dawn from the Estonian summer beach resort of Pärnu .
Heading off into the grey and choppy Baltic Sea in their soft - hulled inflatable dinghy , they were testing a new GPS unit .
But the expedition turned out to be a terrible mistake .
" Suddenly a big wave hit us , " Bartenev told his lawyer from prison .
" Water flooded our navigation system and broke it .
Our engine started to work badly .
We lost our bearings .
Then it got dark .
We saw two ships up ahead of us .
One of them was a big passenger liner – but it was going too fast .
The other was the Arctic Sea .
It had a low hull .
We headed for it . "
According to Bartenev , the Arctic Sea 's crew plucked his seven friends from their stricken boat while he stayed at the wheel .
Finally they rescued him , then winched on board his battered dinghy .
" The crew were very friendly .
When they realised we were Russians , they took us to the saloon bar and cracked open a bottle of vodka .
There was a lot of booze on the Arctic Sea : whisky and strong alcohol of all kinds . "
Bartenev says he asked the captain to put them ashore at the nearest port – but the request was refused without explanation .
So with no immediate prospect of getting off , they relaxed .
Russian investigators have portrayed their three weeks on board the Arctic Sea as a tense hostage drama .
In fact , Bartenev says , it was more like a jolly P&O cruise – with swimming , sunbathing and drinks under a twinkling tropical sky .
" There was a swimming pool ; the crew had improvised it at the bottom of the ship .
We swam in it .
There was also a gym , which we were allowed to use .
We spent a lot of time sunbathing , " Bartenev says .
" We slept in a small cabin .
We made friends with several engineers and the cook .
He cooked for us together with everybody else . "
Crucially , Bartenev says he had no idea that the ship was , by now , at the centre of an international search .
Having set off on 22 July from the Finnish port of Jakobstad with a cargo of timber , the Arctic Sea was , according to Moscow , supposed to reach the port of Bejaia in Algeria , on 4 August .
" We did n't realise it had gone missing , " Bartenev insists .
He and his colleagues did , however , notice that the ship was veering several thousand miles in the wrong direction , down the west coast of Africa .
" It got warmer .
We were clearly heading south , " he told his lawyer .
This muggy equatorial odyssey finally ended at lunchtime on 17 August , when the Russian naval frigate , the Ladny , came alongside .
The Arctic Sea 's crew had spotted the heavily armed vessel two days previously and , according to Bartenev , its ominous appearance prompted his new companions to nervously break out the vodka again .
" We spent the last two nights on board getting drunk with the crew , " he explains .
Strangely , the Arctic Sea 's captain informed the pursuing Russians that his vessel was North Korean .
But this merely delayed the inevitable – an order to come aboard the Ladny .
At 11.41 am , Russian personnel arrested Bartenev .
They took him and the other " pirates " to a military airport on the Cape Verde islands .
From there , he was whisked by Ilyushin Il - 76 military plane to Moscow , chucked in jail and charged with kidnapping and piracy .
Eleven of the Arctic Sea 's sailors were also flown back to Moscow for interrogation , and subsequently barred from talking to the press .
The captain , Sergei Zaretsky , and three others stayed behind .
One month later they are still on the boat , which instead of heading back to Russia has been kept out of view somewhere near the Canary Islands .
Baranovsky describes Russian investigators ' account of the drama as " ludicrous " .
He poses the obvious question : why would anybody want to hijack a ship full of wood ?
" The official version of the incident is n't true .
It looks like eight mad guys took a rubber boat , went into the centre of the Baltic Sea , and grabbed a ship full of lumber .
It 's not only strange , it 's unbelievable . "
Of course , Bartenev 's story also appears dubious in places , especially his claim to be an ecologist .
( The sailor has two " Celtic " tattoos on his upper arms – not very Greenpeace . )
Nonetheless , his testimony – with its credibly banal account of life on board the Arctic Sea – blows a hole in the official version of events .
His suggestion that there was no hijacking , and that the crew were at no stage under duress , is backed by the official investigators ' concession that there were , in fact , no weapons on board the Arctic Sea .
A more likely scenario is that Bartenev and his fellow " pirates " were set up .
But by whom ?
Over the past month , speculation has swirled in Russian and British papers that the Arctic Sea was carrying a secret consignment of S - 300 anti-aircraft interceptors , destined for Tehran .
Israel is opposed to Iran 's acquisition of any anti-aircraft weapon that could thwart an Israeli air strike on Iran 's nuclear facilities , and suspicion of a government cover - up grew last week when Israel 's prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu , made a secret dash to Moscow .
The Kremlin and Netanyahu 's office initially denied that he had visited Russia – only to confirm later that he had surreptitiously dropped in by private jet .
A subsequent report in the Sunday Times , citing Israeli intelligence sources , suggested that Israel 's intelligence service , Mossad , had set up Bartenev and his gangster friends to " hijack " the ship , to force the Russian government 's hand and prevent the S - 300s from reaching Iran .
But this version of events , though attractive , is ultimately implausible too .
Defence experts sniff that a large , complex anti-aircraft system such as the S - 300 simply can't be stuffed inside an old shipping container .
" It 's bullshit , " one expert tells me bluntly .
Furthermore , Russia 's president , Dmitry Medvedev , told CNN last Sunday that he did n't have a problem with flogging weapons to Iran , so long as they were for defensive purposes .
Russia has a contract to supply Tehran with S -300s , but so far has not delivered them .
Speaking from Tallinn , Bartenev 's brother Alexey yesterday had another , more prosaic explanation for who " framed " the Arctic Sea eight .
Alexey says a mysterious businessman named " Vladimir " recruited Bartenev and his seven friends in mid-July .
" My brother had been out of work for six months .
Suddenly ' Vladimir ' offers him a job .
The pay is good , more than € 1,000 a month .
But there 's no written contract . "
According to Alexey , Bartenev moved to Pärnu on 16 July .
He and a group of friends he'd known since sailing school went on training exercises .
They camped on the shore .
" Vladimir " also gave them a rubber - hulled boat with an outboard motor .
The job apparently involved whizzing round the Baltic Sea , filming tankers as they chucked rubbish overboard – an environmental role , in fact .
Alexey is adamant his brother is n't a pirate .
" He 's not at all aggressive .
He 's extremely sociable , a lovely guy , " he says .
Secret arms deal ?
To add to all the intrigue , prosecution documents seen by Baranovsky show that another , shadowy group of visitors also dropped in on the Arctic Sea on 22 July – two days before Bartenev says he conked out in his dinghy .
These visitors were a group of between 22 and 24 men who arrived by speedboat , and spent 12 hours on board the Arctic Sea .
Some reports say they tied up and blindfolded the crew , having posed as drug enforcement officers ; others that they dressed up as Swedish police .
What they were doing there is unclear .
Based on what he has read , Baranovsky says : " They looked like Russian special forces . "
The revelation adds further weight to the most compelling scenario – that someone within Russia 's intelligence or security community was using the Arctic Sea to illegally smuggle weapons .
The ship had spent several weeks in Kaliningrad , Russia 's freewheeling Baltic Sea exclave – the perfect place to hide a secret cargo ( as well as stock up on cheap vodka ) .
But the nature of that cargo is unclear : some have suggested rockets , others smart bombs .
One Estonian commander says cruise missiles .
Certainly , Russia 's spy agencies have an established network of trusted contacts in the Middle East , dating back from when the communist Soviet Union covertly sponsored much of the Arab world with arms and ammunition .
And these days , its spy agencies are as much about private profit as intelligence activity .
The Kremlin 's rival factions have long been locked in a deadly struggle not only for influence , but for revenue streams amounting to billions of dollars .
If the Arctic Sea was carrying an illegal cargo as part of a rogue business deal , it appears that someone in government decided to cover it up .
Revelations that Russia had been involved in secret arms trading would be deeply embarrassing .
A pretend hijacking appears to have been the solution .
It is , after all , the perfect pretext for the Russian authorities to board the Arctic Sea and quietly retrieve its cargo , and to justify a lavish air - and - sea rescue mission .
Earlier this month , the journalist who first broke the story of the Arctic Sea 's strange " disappearance " fled Russia after receiving a menacing late - night phone call .
Mikhail Voitenko , editor of the online maritime bulletin Sovfracht , said an unidentified caller warned him he was " stepping on the toes of some serious people " .
I spoke to Voitenko last week .
At the time he was hiding in Istanbul ; now he has gone to ground in Bangkok .
He recalled how the anonymous caller bluntly informed him that he had offended powerful , possibly criminal , interests – adding that " certain people are out for revenge " .
Voitenko said , " I was told : ' These guys are very unhappy with you .
But they do n't want unpleasantness . ' " ­ Instead , he was warned to leave the country .
Voitenko said he did n't know the identity of his mystery caller , but hinted that the man who spoke with a " chilling voice " was from the FSB , Russia 's many tentacled post - KGB spy agency .
Asked what was really hidden on board the Arctic Sea , Voitenko was guardedly cryptic , replying : " Half of those involved in this were private individuals .
But half were linked with the state . "
And asked why the Arctic Sea affair had snowballed into an international incident , he added dryly : " You do n't normally get attacks on ships in the Baltic . "
Last week , his employers announced that they had fired him ; he is now writing for the opposition newspaper , Novaya Gazeta .
Bartenev 's current residence , meanwhile , is Moscow 's Lefortovo prison , Russia 's most notorious lock - up .
The prison is under the control of the FSB ; only VIPs or those involved in politically sensitive cases get to stay here .
On Monday , Baranovsky asked a court to bail Bartenev , arguing that Russia had no jurisdiction when it grabbed him in international waters from a Maltese - registered vessel .
Predictably , the judge said no .
Bartenev made a virtual appearance in court via a video link .
He looked thoroughly fed up , sticking out his elbows in disgust .
Barring a miracle , the " pirates " are destined to remain in prison for a long time .
The crew of the Arctic Sea have been told to keep their mouths shut .
Russian reporters attempting to talk to the crew 's families have met a wall of scared silence .
This is not the first time individuals have been sacrificed to the opaque interests of the Russian state ; nor is it likely to be the last .
President Obama on Friday announced the end of a 22 - year ban on travel to the United States by people who had tested positive for the virus that causes AIDS , fulfilling a promise he made to gay advocates and acting to eliminate a restriction he said was “ rooted in fear rather than fact . ”
At a White House ceremony , Mr. Obama announced that a rule canceling the ban would be published on Monday and would take effect after a routine 60 - day waiting period .
The president had promised to end the ban before the end of the year .
“ If we want to be a global leader in combating H.I.V. / AIDS , we need to act like it , ” Mr. Obama said .
“ Now , we talk about reducing the stigma of this disease , yet we ’ve treated a visitor living with it as a threat . ”
The United States is one of only about a dozen countries that bar people who have H.I.V. , the virus that causes AIDS .
Once the keywords have been decided for the site one has to come up with a strategy to target those keywords across the site .
Here is a primer on that .
Keywords Targeting Strategy for Keyword of Single word :
— — — — — — — — — —— — — —————-
Keyword of Single word is useful to attract general audience and helps in getting high rank , if the web site is new .
Keywords Targeting Strategy for Keyword of Single word is that they should be more used in the root level pages or top level domain pages .
This is because these pages are the ones that attract the general traffic & are generally the pages which do not specify specifics .
Hence single word keywords based on themes can be targeted for on these pages .
Keywords Targeting Strategy for Keyword of Multiple words :
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — —————-
Keyword of Multiple words are useful for attract targeted audience therefore should be used topic wise for each page according to subject of that web page .
Relevant set of Keywords should be use in Title tag , Header Tag , Meta tag , Body tag , Alt tag , Anchor tag , Comment tag and in the url ( uniform resource locator ) of that specific web page .
Use underscore or hyphen to differentiate Keywords .
These keywords are normally targeted upon in deeper level or sub directory level pages .
Keywords Targeting Strategy for Keyword based on Theme :
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
Keyword based on theme is useful to attract targeted audience therefore they are strongly recommended to be used .
Typically , although it is not a hard and fast rule but in theme based keyword we use general keywords in root level and uses specific keyword in directory level .
Overall one can safely say that in keyword targeting one uses a dart board strategy .
Wherein the smallest circle attracts your core audience & hence should have theme oriented multiple word keywords .
As we move up on the theme ( dartboard ) the circle ( traffic ) tends to get larger & the keywords tends to get simpler ( singular ) even though they are theme based .
KEYWORDS and KEYPHRASES usage in Domain Name :
— — — — — — — — — — —— ——
–
Keywords and keyphrases use in Domain Name & urls of directory pages is also a factor in Search Engine Optimization ( SEO ) as well as it helps to inform targeted audience , about the sites content .
Therefore , special care should be exercised in choosing a domain name .
All the search engines start reading each web page with its respective domain name .
Having said that , let me add that there is a raging debate amongst the seo community to determine the exact importance of keywords in the domain name .
One camp believes that it is hugely important to have keywords in domain whereas the other maintains that brand building domain name is more important than keywords incorporating one .
Whether keyword is a factor or not is debateble however it has been observed that domain name extensions do definitely play a part in rankings .
Search engines ( specially google ) have a predilection for sites having extension .gov , .edu , .mil in domain name .
Search engines believe that information available at these domains would have a greater likelihood of being authentic as no commercial interest is served here .
Domain Name can be classifieds into two categories :
1. Keyword Specific
2. Brand Name Specific
Keyword Specific Domain Name
— — — — — ————-
When Keywords and Keyphrases are used in a Domain name then its called Keyword specific Domain name .
Keyword in the domain name to my mind has two advantages .
One
It is better to have a keyword domain name for it is worth remembering that most of the people link to you using your URL .
If your URL has the keyword or the keyphrase then you are automatically using the keyword in the very important anchor tag .
Secondly , though marginally , in a ranking scenario with every other parameter remaining equal , the Keyword Specific Domain Name will enjoy a slight edge over the other web site .
However remember Keyword used in Domain name should be primary and generic .
Specific keywords can be used in the sub domains .
Read about the use of subdomains .
Keywords and Keyphrases uses with hyphen / underscore in Domain name are said to preferred as they are read by search engines as separate words .
So the domain name can have a search phrase incorporated into it .
However the flip side of it is that domain names with hyphen or underscore are inconvenient to carry .
Brand Name Specific Domain Name
— — — — — —————-
When company or organizationsÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ name is used in Domain Name to brand it then itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s called as Brand Name Specific Domain name .
Brand Name Specific Domain
Name does not help online searches at all .
However they are very powerful tools for company identification in the mind of users .
In the anonymous online world a brand spells loyalty , trust & value .
So if you choose to go for building your brand rather than deep rooted optimization , one way of incorporating keywords is through your directories & pages names .
KEYWORD DENSITY
— — — ——
Keyword Density is a proportion of the searched term ( Keyword or Keyphrase ) against the whole words written on a given page .
The ideal Keyword Density is 6 % - 8 % though various search engines have various tolerance levels before their spam filters get activated .
Higher Keyword Density does help to boost a pagesÃ¢â‚¬â „¢ ranking .
Keyword Density can be increased by using target keywords repeatedly in Title tag , Header tag , Body tag , Comment tag , Alt tag , Anchor tag , Paragraph Tag , Domain name and in diretory / page names .
However one disadvantage of trying to hike the keyword density is that the visible text on the page starts to look spammy if it is not carefully crafted .
That makes for a bad copy .
Criminal Defense Lawyers in Ocean City & Annapolis
When Cases are Serious , Look to Murphy & Price
When you are in need of an experienced criminal defense attorney , our team at the Law Offices Murphy & Price , LLP can help .
Our senior partner , J. Dennis Murphy Jr. , has extensive experience in prosecuting federal cases and even served on the Superintendent of the United States Naval Academy ’s legal staff .
Warren Price is our junior partner and has been working with the firm for nearly 15 years , is a licensed financial advisor , and is a member of many associations including the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers .
Together , they have instilled an environment that puts our clients ’ needs first .
Call our legal team at ( 410 ) 280-2500 to schedule your free consultation .
We are able to help clients in many practice areas , including :
Serving Our Clients for over 30 Years
With three offices in Maryland and one in Colorado Springs , Colorado , our firm has established itself nationally for providing quality legal counsel .
Whether you are in need of legal representation for a simple matter or a very complex and sensitive legal situation , our experienced team could help you .
Our close proximity to Washington D.C. allows us to handle cases in federal and military courts along with Maryland state courts .
While we have skilled attorneys at our firm , we also have a network of accomplished and respected investigators who can help .
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - Children with lower - than - average intelligence are more likely to die young -- but why ?
European researchers have some clues .
Dr. Markus Jokela at the University of Helsinki , Finland and colleagues wanted to know why a low IQ in childhood is linked with an increased risk of dying in early adulthood .
Could the reduced life expectancy be explained by developmental or social disadvantages ?
In the late 1950s , researchers began to track more than 10,000 children , recording their weight and height , problem behaviors , father ’s occupational class , parental interest in their education , family size , and family difficulties .
As the children grew to adulthood , the researchers also recorded information on their education , occupation , marital status , tobacco and alcohol use , and health issues .
In the latest issue of the journal Pediatrics , Jokela and his co-authors report that 192 subjects in the study died between the ages of 24 and 46 years .
The risk of dying by midlife was about twice as high in individuals with low IQ at age 11 as in those with high IQ ( 3.4 % vs. 1.7 % ) .
The increased risk was “ only partly explained by the ‘ usual suspects ’ of family background , sociodemographic factors or health behaviors , ” Jokela told Reuters Health .
“ For instance , ” he said , “ parental socioeconomic status ( had ) only a minor role in explaining the IQ - mortality association .
However , we did find that children with parents who were very interested in their child ’s education ( as reported by the children ’s teachers ) had a lower mortality risk ... than children whose parents had only little interest in how their child was faring in school . ”
Also , childhood problem behavior , which is known to be associated later on with risky and antisocial behavior , accounted for part of the increased risk that came with a lower
IQ .
“ Previous studies have shown that children whose parents ’ have a strong interest in their child ’s activities and whereabouts are less likely to participate in risky behavior , such as delinquency , ” Jokela added .
“ Our finding shows that the effect of parental monitoring may even extend to child ’s mortality risk . ”
“ We currently have an incomplete understanding of health inequalities originating from individual psychological characteristics , such as IQ , ” Jokela concluded .
“ Identifying these mechanisms could inform us how to plan more effective public health interventions accessible to wider audiences . ”
SOURCE : Pediatrics , online August 10 , 2009 .
As one Kotaku commenter correctly pointed out , an exercise bike peripheral for the Wii is nothing without a remake of Paperboy .
Advertisement
Advertisement
That having been said , the Cyberbike is being developed by European publisher Bigben Interactive and comes bundled with some sort of lame treehugger game that requires you clean up the planet with the power of your eco-calves ( do n't worry , it also works with Mario Kart ) .
The bike is slated for a January release in Europe , but pricing details have not been announced .
Granted , it will most likely be cheaper than purchasing an actual exercise bike , but I can't imagine that some plastic , boxed Wii accessory will be able to handle the beating .
Even professional stationary bikes break down on a fairly regular basis .
[ Kotaku ]
A new report has found a large jump in the number of young Australians who are unemployed or not studying .
The annual How Young People are Faring report looks at education and employment for people aged 15 to 24 years of age .
It found that more than 16 per cent of the nation 's teenagers are not working or studying .
Senior researcher with the foundation , Dr Lucas Walsh , says this year 's report shows the global financial crisis has hit young people hard .
" Unemployment for teenagers not in full - time education has risen from about 12.2 per cent in 2008 , to just over 18 per cent in 2009 , " he said .
" It 's one of the largest annual increases for teenagers over the last two decades . "
Dr Walsh says part of the problem is a lack of full - time work for young people and they should consider staying longer at school .
" The research tells us that those who complete year 12 or equivalent will have better opportunities in life , " he said .
" So for many students to stay in school , to take some form of study , to take some form of training , will put them in much better stead in later life . "
Sept. 14 , 2009 - The next breakthrough breast cancer treatment may be a diabetes drug already on the shelves of nearly every pharmacy .
The drug is metformin , available generically and under brand names such as Glucophage and Fortamet .
A growing body of evidence suggests that diabetes patients taking metformin are less likely to get cancer , and have better outcomes if they do get cancer , than those not taking the drug .
Now Harvard researcher Kevin Struhl , PhD , and colleagues find that metformin can kill breast cancer stem cells , thought to be the cells responsible for breast cancer spread and recurrence .
And in mice carrying human breast cancers , metformin made standard chemotherapy vastly more effective .
Mice treated with the combination remain cancer - free for four months , unlike mice treated with either drug alone .
" We have discovered new properties of metformin that can be of some use in cancer treatment and even prevention , " Struhl said at a news conference held to announce the findings .
While his current study looked at metformin's effects on breast cancer , Struhl says the drug may affect other types of cancer as well .
" Although our studies were pretty much done on breast cancer cells , a lot of the principles are not specific just to breast cancer , " Struhl said .
" A lot of data shows lower cancer risk -- not just breast cancer -- in people taking metformin for diabetes . "
Demo gegen Überwachung Veranstalter gehen von 20.000 Teilnehmern aus
Gegen staatliche Überwachung , Vorratsdatenspeicherung und Internetsperren demonstrieren in Berlin Tausende von Menschen .
Vom Potsdamer Platz aus zieht der Demonstrationszug unter dem Motto " Freiheit statt Angst " auf einem Rundkurs durch die Stadt - dominiert von den Farben Orange und Grün .
View Transcript
Transcript
the Boss says , " Alice , I 'd like you to work with Ted on this project . "
Alice says , " Ted 's a drama queen .
Working with him will just slow me down . "
Ted says , " Hello ?
Human resources ?
Alice is being a bully . "
Alice says , " And so it begins . "
An interview with Megan Parker , founder of Working Dogs for Conservation
For millennia dogs have been helpers to humans : they have herded and protected livestock , pulled sleds , hunted game , led the blind , located people after disasters , and sniffed out drugs .
Now a new occupation can be added : conservation aide .
Working Dogs for Conservation ( WDC ) was co-founded by Megan Parker in 2000 : the idea , to use dogs ’ impeccable scent capabilities for conservation initiatives , appears so logical and useful when Parker talks about it , one is surprised it took environmentalists so long to realize the potential of dogs .
“ Our mission is to benefit science and conservation by working with detection dogs .
We help save wildlife by supporting conservation efforts to gather information on rare species in an accurate and non-invasive way , ” explains Parker .
“ We train dogs to detect rare samples and they excel at finding trained target odors from endangered species scats to invasive weeds on a huge landscape . ”
Megan Parker and her dog Pepin taking a break .
Photo courtesy of Working Dogs for Conservation , .
WDC has worked on a wide variety of projects across all regions of the United States .
For example , they worked with the Wildlife Conservation Society ( WCS ) on The Carnivore Connectivity Project where the dogs located scats of wolves , cougars , black and grizlly bears along the Idaho - Montana border .
“ Thanks to our team of dogs , we ’re proud to report that this work led to the protection of critical wildlife corridors by closing more than 40 miles of roads and preventing a development in a sensitive area , ” says Parker .
The group has also helped survey the comeback of moose in the Adirondacks and located threatened plants in Oregon and invasive snails in Hawaii , among many other projects .
Parker says for each of these projects the dog ’s nose is key : “ canids have evolved as amazing scenting machines .
Their noses , and the vast majority of their brains , are built to detect and discriminate small quantities of odor , picking out single scents among the millions of other scents in the environment .
Dogs have been selectively bred for thousands of years to serve myriad human purposes , yet most dogs retain the architecture and ability to scent incredibly well . ”
WDC has even worked overseas : detecting snakes in the tropics of Guam , locating wild dog and cheetah scat in Kenya , and working with the Andean Cat Project in Argentina to find one of the world ’s rarest felines .
“ We have really learned from our mistakes while working internationally , where the work periods are typically short and the work intense in unfamiliar territory where we have to find dogs and train handlers , which is different from how we usually work , ” Parker says .
Despite such challenges , Parker believes that the program could easily be implemented in other countries .
Megan Parker ’s dog Pepin , a Belgian malinois , searching a rocks pile for fisher scat .
Photo courtesy of Working Dogs for Conservation .
Not just any dog is able to do what WDC requires of them , and the group spends a lot of time and energy training the dog for their demanding tasks .
Even finding the right dog can be quite a challenge .
“ We comb shelters and rescue facilities for most of our working dogs .
We typically select working breeds ; the herders , retrievers , shepherds , and other dogs bred for working with people , but most shelter dogs are mixed breeds and we take the dogs that show the behaviors we need .
These behaviors are exhibited by an extreme ( often called , ‘ crazy and obsessive ’ by shelter workers ) focus on a toy , an ability to ignore distractions ( like other dogs , people and food ) while focusing on the toy and a willingness to listen to and work with a handler , ” Parker says .
The dogs are so well - trained that they have even been taught not to ‘ touch ’ samples , such as scat , because much of what they look for undergoes DNA testing and any direct contact with the dog could contaminate it .
When an object is found these incredible dogs give “ a ‘ passive ’ alert , meaning that the dog sits or lies near the sample and waits for the handler to reward the dog and process the sample , ” Parker explains .
With her innovative organization , Parker has proved that dogs may just conservationists ’ best friends .
In a September interview with mongabay.com , Parker spoke about using dogs to smell out scat , particular plants , and even invasive species ; she talked about past projects and where WCD is headed next .
Parker will be presenting at the upcoming Wildlife Conservation Network Expo in San Francisco on October 3rd .
INTERVIEW WITH MEGAN PARKER
Mongabay : What is your background ?
Megan Parker : I grew up in Montana and had a perfect childhood , running wild around the mountains , lakes and rivers here .
We always had dogs and I started training them when I got my first dog at 10 years old .
I started training detection dogs around 1996 , when I was involved with the reintroduction of wolves to Idaho and Yellowstone .
I have worked as a biologist and conservation biologist in the U.S. from Washington to Florida and in Guatemala , Mongolia , Argentina and Africa .
I worked on my PhD research in Botswana , studying African wild dogs and their movement , scent marking behavior and chemistry .
This helps me understand some of the fascinating behavioral and chemical qualities of animal communication that informs our work with domestic dogs , using their nose to find information .
All the while during these years I kept my work with conservation detection dogs going and growing with partners , friends , trainers and eventual co-founders of Working Dogs for Conservation .
Mongabay : Most people do n’t think of dogs as conservation activists .
How can dogs help save our environment ?
Co-Founder and Associate Director of WDC , Aimee Hurt , with dog , Wicket , putting a vest on in the truck , getting ready to go .
Photo courtesy of Working Dogs for Conservation .
Megan Parker : Canids have evolved as amazing scenting machines .
Their noses , and the vast majority of their brains , are built to detect and discriminate small quantities of odor , picking out single scents among the millions of other scents in the environment .
Dogs have been selectively bred for thousands of years to serve myriad human purposes , yet most dogs retain the architecture and ability to scent incredibly well .
Because dogs tend to also have this crazy affection for humans , occasionally one finds a dog willing to tell a human where and what they smell something they are trained to find .
Mongabay : What is the goal of Working Dogs for Conservation ?
Megan Parker :
Our mission is to benefit science and conservation by working with detection dogs .
We help save wildlife by supporting conservation efforts to gather information on rare species in an accurate and non-invasive way .
We train dogs to detect rare samples and they excel at finding trained target odors from endangered species scats to invasive weeds on a huge landscape .
We also improve the lives of special rescue dogs by training them for a working life , giving them a home and offering them the ideal life for high - drive , object oriented dogs .
They live amazing lives with their handlers and they love to work .
Mongabay : What led you and your partners to establish Working Dogs for Conservation ?
Megan Parker : I have been working with a group of amazing , dedicated biologists who are also dog trainers since the 1990’s , and we formed Working Dogs for Conservation as an NGO in 2000 .
We felt that we could conduct research and provide support for conservation projects best as a non-profit organization , dedicated to serving conservation and research and the welfare of working dogs .
Because we are all biologists , we support conservation projects from study design to mapping , but we also conduct our own research , developing methods that will contribute to conservation projects around the world .
THE DOGS
Mongabay : Can you tell us about non-invasive scientific inquiry — how do dogs contribute ?
Debbie Smith , a co-founder and Development Director , training her dog , Colt , on boxes to the target scent .
In this case it is the threatened lupine plant - which depends on the endangered Fender ’s blue butterfly - in the Wilamette Valley of Oregon .
Photo courtesy of Working Dogs for Conservation .
Megan Parker :
We train our dogs to work hard to find rare samples , often in extremely large and difficult landscapes .
The areas we work are often filled with wildlife , livestock and other potential distractions to a dog , but our dogs work with single - minded focus to their trained scent .
The dogs do not chase wildlife or domestic animals and can be counted on to stay on task all day long .
Our dogs are trained to detect samples , or discriminate among samples , by finding the sample and giving a ‘ passive ’ alert , meaning that the dog sits or lies near the sample and waits for the handler to reward the dog and process the sample .
Many of the samples we collect are used for DNA analyses , so it is important the dogs do n’t contaminate the sample by touching it .
They simply sit or lie by the sample and wait for their reward until the handler or orienteer ( a person who keeps the dog / handler team on the proper compass line or transect across the study site ) can collect the data and process the sample properly .
Mongabay : How are your dogs trained to track specific scents , such as moose scat or an invasive weed species ?
Megan Parker :
We use training techniques that are similar to , and combine aspects of narcotics , search and rescue , bomb and other detection disciplines .
We associate the scent of the ‘ target ’ odor and the dog ’s reward , a ball , tug or whatever object the dog is obsessively crazy about .
It is simply operant conditioning but it takes an expert to read the dog ’s behavior and get the timing right for rewards and corrections .
We use positive reward training for this work and the dogs are clearly overjoyed to do this work , have a job and learn these difficult and demanding techniques .
People who join us in the field or at demonstrations to observe the dogs can clearly see the focus and effort the dogs put forth , but also the incredible joy they have for this work .
Mongabay : How do you select the dogs to be used for conservation work ?
Are specific breeds better than others ?
In March 2008 , Pepin with his tug toy reward , which Parker calls ‘ the love of his life ’ .
Megan Parker :
We comb shelters and rescue facilities for most of our working dogs .
We typically select working breeds ; the herders , retrievers , shepherds , and other dogs bred for working with people , but most shelter dogs are mixed breeds and we take the dogs that show the behaviors we need .
These behaviors are exhibited by an extreme ( often called , ‘ crazy and obsessive ’ by shelter workers ) focus on a toy , an ability to ignore distractions ( like other dogs , people and food ) while focusing on the toy and a willingness to listen to and work with a handler .
If a dog shows these qualities in a shelter , we take it home and continue working with the dog , increasing the difficulty of tests and training .
We also feed the dogs high - quality food and obedience train them .
Even if the dog does not choose this line of work and we are asked to return the dog to the shelter or re-home it , the dogs go back happy and trained and in excellent condition .
PROGRAMS WITH WORKING DOGS FOR CONSERVATION
Mongabay : Since 2000 your organization has worked on a large number of projects across the United States , what have been some of the most memorable ?
Megan Parker :
All our projects are memorable and we learn from every one of them , but our work in the Centennials comes to mind .
Running along the Idaho - Montana border , the Centennial Range is one of the few east - west oriented ranges in the area with the potential to provide a linkage zone for carnivores between Greater Yellowstone and central Idaho wilderness areas .
We assisted the Wildlife Conservation Society ( WCS ) on The Carnivore Connectivity Project , a five - year study which allowed us to get to know the area and our collaborators quite well .
The Principal Investigator on this project , Jon Beckmann , became a great friend and field assistant to the dogs .
We collected scats from four carnivores , wolves , cougars , black and grizzly bears to understand how these large predators moved between the protected areas of Yellowstone and Idaho .
Aimee Hurt , Associate Director , working her dog , Wicket , in the Centennial Mountains , searching for wolf , grizzly , black bear and cougar scat .
This is huge country and the study has helped researchers understand how carnivores move between Yellowstone and protected lands in Idaho .
Photo courtesy of Working Dogs for Conservation , .
Our dogs covered over 1500 km , crossing seven land ownerships , collecting 754 scat samples .
WCS researchers used these data to map the occurrence of these critical carnivores between protected areas of Yellowstone and Idaho .
Thanks to our team of dogs , we ’re proud to report that this work led to the protection of critical wildlife corridors by closing more than 40 miles of roads and preventing a development in a sensitive area .
We also worked for WCS on a moose project in the Adirondacks , where moose were overhunted but seem to be coming back .
We are looking for genetic information that will help us understand what size the population might be and where moose are moving between neighboring populations .
We have worked on a project looking for endangered plants in Oregon , and for invasive plants in several areas in the West .
This is astonishing work , where the dogs are able to detect one tiny plant in an ocean of plants , and sometimes just the soil where damaging weeds are about to sprout .
This year we also worked on Hawaii , helping find an invasive snail that is on the list of the “ Worst 100 ” invasive species , an introduced cannibal snail that kills native gastropods .
We are helping agencies figure out how to find and eradicate invasive species .
We worked on kit fox again this year , one of the species we have been working on for over a decade .
This year , we looked at an area where a proposed wind farm is slated for development to look at before and after effects of energy development .
We also worked on an endangered ground squirrel , Pacific fisher , various large carnivores , soils and plants .
Mongabay :
What are some up - coming projects ?
Megan Parker :
This fall , we will begin working in the “ Great Burn ” , a 270,000 - acre road - less area , straddling the border of Idaho and Montana , in the heart of the “ Yellowstone to Yukon Conservation Initiative ” .
This area is one of the most remote , ecologically pristine , intact areas in the Northern Rockies .
The size , ecological integrity , and location of the Great Burn make it ideal habitat and a potentially vital wildlife corridor for a variety of species of conservation concern .
The National Forest Land and Resource Management Plans , which will help guide the use of this area for the next 15 - 20 years , are currently being formulated and Travel Plans for the area will be completed after the Forest Plans .
Off - road travel and recreational use of the area has increased over the last few decades and these trends have major implications for the conservation and environmental protection of this unique and important area .
Still , little is known about how wildlife uses the Great Burn .
WDC , along with NGO and agency collaborators , notably the Great Burn Study Group ( GBSG ) , will survey the area to better understand wildlife presence and use of this area , targeting Grizzly bears , wolves , lynx , wolverine and fisher .
All of these species are of state and national conservation concern that are threatened by habitat loss , degradation and / or fragmentation .
Working Dogs for Conservation also helps trains dogs that are used later by other organizations .
Says Parker : “ ‘ New Jersey 053 ’ is a bear I trained named ‘ Bear ’ who works for the New Jersey Dept. Game and Fish .
He is trained to find pine snake ( shed skin , eggs , any tiny thing ) which is he looking for here .
The pine snake is an endangered reptile in the Pine Barrens and is pivotal for determining development activities there .
He is also trained on bobcat scat and bog turtles .
He is being handled here by NJ biologists who we train , Gretchen Fowles and Dave Golden . ”
Photo courtesy of Working Dogs for Conservation .
We will also be working for a second season in Washington ’s Northern Cascade Mountains , a vital landscape , providing unparalleled recreational benefits and invaluable wildlife habitat .
The Cascades Carnivore Connectivity Project represents a unique , multi- partner effort to better understand and ultimately reduce the effects of major highways on carnivore populations in the northern Cascades and beyond .
This area presents a rare opportunity in the conterminous United States to host a full complement of native carnivores , including endangered and threatened species such as grizzly bears , wolves , wolverines , and lynx .
Landscape - scale connectivity , which allows animals to move within the ecosystem and provides for genetic exchange with outside populations , is a crucial component of carnivore recovery and conservation .
Research has shown , however , that transportation systems characterized by high road densities and substantial vehicle traffic result in “ fracture zones ” that are detrimental to wildlife because they increase mortality and inhibit natural patterns of animal movement .
WDC dog handler teams will be assisting in efforts to understand the critical species present in this area and their movement patterns , surveying pre-defined transects as well as along forest roads and trails through suitable habitat .
Mongabay : Working Dogs for Conservation has also gone abroad , working in Guam , Kenya , Russia , Argentina .
What has been some highlights of these travels ?
Megan Parker :
These trips abroad have been incredible and helped us learn and grow as an organization focused on supporting conservation efforts .
We have really learned from our mistakes while working internationally , where the work periods are typically short and the work intense in unfamiliar territory where we have to find dogs and train handlers , which is different from how we usually work , where we can really take our time choosing dogs and handlers and setting up and trouble shooting field work .
For our work on Guam , we found shelter dogs in Montana and trained the dogs and handlers in Montana for later deployment to Guam .
You can imagine some of the limitations of training dogs in wintery Montana to detect tropical , nocturnal , arboreal snakes .
We were not allowed to train with live animals , so we trained the dogs on small squares of guaze material ( swabs ) that had been run down the body of snakes in captivity .
These were shipped to us and we hid these for the dogs to find .
We figured that if they could find faint traces of scent on guaze , they would translate that to tracking snakes – and they were great , transitioning to deep , dark , dense jungle .
In Kenya , we were asked to find dogs in Nairobi , where the animal shelter is wonderful , but most of the dogs came off the street and were not raised in a culture where people are necessarily loving towards dogs .
Most of the strays feared people and there is no way to overcome a fear of people to work with a handler .
We select extremely high - drive , toy or food - obsessed dogs and we never found this high level of crazy food or toy drive , but we did find two very nice dogs that were polite enough to work with us , although they were not at the level I would choose for this demanding work .
We trained them on African wild dog and cheetah scat , while camping out on a gorgeous ranch in northern Kenya .
They proved the method and allowed us to think through how to work in this predator and elephant rich environment .
Alice Whitelaw with her dog Tsavo working on the threatened lupine plant project in Oregon .
Photo courtesy of Working Dogs for Conservation .
In Argentina , we had the great pleasure of working with the Andean Cat Project , and working with local trainers and handlers , who selected dogs from Argentina .
We trained the dogs and took the best candidate to the Andes where we spent a week working through field methods for using dogs to detect the rarest of felids .
An extra challenge is the fact that Andean cats latrine ( share defecation sites ) with a far more common cat , the Pampas cat .
People are working very hard across the Andean region to learn about this rare species and dogs may be a very effective way of gathering information .
Mongabay : Has there been any discussion of expanding the program ( or developing sister programs ) overseas ?
Megan Parker :
Yes , we hope to expand our role internationally and would like to work with more organizations to support their efforts to increase sample sizes .
We can do this in various ways and we are exploring and developing several avenues from offering laboratory services here in Montana , to helping groups build their own programs in their countries , to working with other handlers and trainers to support their field efforts .
We have developed some great relationships with handlers and other groups , and may try to build formal training relationships with in - country facilities to help keep costs down while keeping quality training and oversight high .
We maintain remote training support with a handful of projects and would like to be better able to serve these small projects in person .
We are certainly looking for ways to share our expertise and this method which is exceedingly effective at gathering information for conservation .
Working Dogs for Conservation
Megan Parker will be presenting at the upcoming Wildlife Conservation Network Expo in San Francisco on October 3rd
Related articles
Moose Mission
( 09/05/2008 ) Bushwhacking our way through nearly impenetrable bogs and blow down in the central woods of the Adirondacks in northern New York , I am wondering … how can a MOOSE move through this stuff ?
Can dogs smell cancer ?
( 01/05/2006 )
In a society where lung and breast cancers are leading causes of cancer death worldwide , early detection of the disease is highly desirable .
In a new scientific study , researchers present astonishing new evidence that man ’s best friend , the dog , may have the capacity to contribute to the process of early cancer detection .
In this study which will be published in the March 2006 issue of the journal Integrative Cancer Therapies published by SAGE Publications , researchers reveal scientific evidence that a dog ’s extraordinary scenting ability can distinguish people with both early and late stage lung and breast cancers from healthy controls .
The research , which was performed in California , was recently documented by the BBC in the United Kingdom , and is soon to be aired in the United States .
Courtesy of Finviz , the ratio of insider buying to selling transactions is 10 to 136 .
Total transaction value : Buys : $ 60.1 million ; Sells : $ 1,146 million .
This compares with last week 's buys for $ 13.4 million and sells for $ 1,042 million .
Over $ 2.1 Billion in insider sales in two weeks .
( CNN ) -- A coalition of top musicians , including R.E.M. and Pearl Jam , want to know if their music was used by the U.S. military as part of controversial interrogation methods at the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
Ruhal Ahmed , left , shown at a 2007 news conference , says he had to listen to hours of music at Guantanamo .
The artists have endorsed a series of Freedom of Information Act requests , which were filed Thursday morning , asking the U.S. government to declassify documents that would reveal which artists ' work was used on detainees at U.S. prison facilities and military detention centers , including the one at Guantanamo Bay .
The National Security Archive , a Washington - based independent research institute that advocates " for the right to know , " filed the requests on behalf of the Close Gitmo Now campaign , which launched this week , the archive 's senior analyst Kate Doyle said .
The multimillion - dollar national grassroots Close Gitmo Now campaign is aimed at pressuring members of Congress to support President Obama 's endeavor to close the Guantanamo Bay prison .
It is supported by a coalition of retired generals and liberal activists .
The requests are based on the testimony of former Guantanamo prisoners and guards , as well as declassified documents , that identified music from 35 artists -- ranging from AC / DC tunes to the theme from Sesame Street -- used in the interrogations of detainees , Doyle said .
See a list of bands and songs involved ( PDF )
" We do know that songs and bands ' work has been used to abuse detainees , we know that , " she said .
She added that any information that the National Security Archive obtains " will add to the profile of this case . "
The requests are being filed with " a dozen different agencies and components of the Department of Defense , " Doyle said .
They ask for any documents " concerning the use of loud music during detention and / or as a technique to interrogate detainees at U.S. - operated prison facilities used in its War on Terror at Guantanamo , Iraq and Afghanistan during 2002 - the present , " according to a copy of the FOIA request obtained by CNN .
It is unclear if any of the artists plan to pursue legal action , but Doyle said she'd be " surprised if some of them were n't thinking about it . "
Many of the artists supporting the campaign are no strangers to political activism , but this cause has hit close to home for some of them .
" We have spent the past 30 years supporting causes related to peace and justice .
To now learn that some of our friends ' music may have been used as part of the torture tactics without their consent or knowledge is horrific , " the American rock band R.E.M. said in a statement posted on CloseGitmoNow.org .
" It 's anti-American , period . "
Several former Guantanamo detainees have filed lawsuits against the U.S. government , saying they were tortured with numerous techniques , including loud music .
" It 's very scary to think that you might go crazy because of the music , because of the loud noise , " said Ruhal Ahmed , one of the former detainees who has filed a lawsuit .
He said he had to listen to hours of headbanging music while held prisoner at Guantanamo in 2003 .
The Pentagon has not responded directly to the allegations of torture involving music , but it has said that its policy has always been to treat detainees humanely .
Loud music has not been used at Guantanamo since the fall of 2003 , following a Department of Defense review of detention operations and interrogation techniques , according to Maj .
Diana Haynie , a Joint Task Force Guantanamo spokeswoman .
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has asked a federal prosecutor to examine whether the interrogations violated the law , and the White House said Obama will leave any decision on charges to the Justice Department .
And the Obama administration announced it would put the FBI in charge of a special unit set up to question suspected terrorists under White House oversight .
CNN 's Tricia Escobedo contributed to this report
All About Guantanamo Bay • Music
Whew .
Note to self : do not start working on comics at midnight if you want to be done at a reasonable hour .
NORTHERN VIRGINIA PERSONAL INJURY ATTORNEY
An injury can change your life in the blink of an eye .
Auto accidents , medical malpractice , defective products , and other forms of negligence lead to countless injuries in Northern Virginia each year , leaving victims facing mounting medical bills , lost wages , and pain and suffering .
Accidents that lead to long - term disability can permanently affect your means of making a living , drastically changing your quality of life and your financial situation forever .
Oftentimes , post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) and other psychological conditions accompany physical injuries following an accident .
Nobody expects to be harmed as a result of someone else 's negligence , but when it happens , a skilled personal injury lawyer can help victims pursue fair compensation .
With offices located across the street from the Prince William County Courthouse in Manassas , Virginia , personal injury and attorney Michael N. Driscoll , P.C. offers free initial consultations , and collects no legal fees if you do n't get recovery .
A diverse range of personal injury experience
Since being admitted to the Virginia bar in 1984 , Michael N. Driscoll , P.C. , has represented clients in a wide variety of personal injury cases , including the following :
When you retain the services of personal injury lawyer Michael N. Driscoll , P.C. , you can rest assured that your case is in the hands of an experienced trial attorney with your best interest in mind .
Help for injured victims in Northern Virginia
While we can't turn back time to prevent your accident from happening , we can help you pursue fair compensation to cover your medical bills , pain and suffering , and lost wages .
If your personal injuries lead to long - term disability , we 'll help you fight for compensation that takes into account the long - term effects your injury will have on your ability to make a living .
It is our client - centered approach to personal injury law that has earned us a reputation as one of Northern Virginia 's most respected personal injury firms .
We represent clients in personal injury cases in Manassas , Centreville , Fairfax , Woodbridge , Warrenton , Stafford , Leesburg , Dumfries , Fredericksburg , Manassas Park , Richmond , Gainesville , Haymarket , Nokesville and Dale City ; and other communities in Prince William County , Stafford County , Loudoun County , Fairfax County , Fauquier County , Culpeper County and Spotsylvania County .
Contact us today for a free consultation
You do n't have to take on the insurance companies alone .
Let us act as your representatives and advocates as we pursue compensation for your injuries together .
To schedule a free case evaluation , contact the offices of Michael N. Driscoll , P.C. , in Manassas , VA , at ( 703 ) 659-4423 .
There is discord throughout every home in the land ; and it's all the fault of the BBC .
That , at least , is the claim of ITV , outraged by the BBC 's decision to move the timing of Strictly Come Dancing so that it clashes head - on with X Factor .
Apparently these two talent - spotting programmes ( please excuse me if this is an inadequate summary ; I have n't seen either of them ) are the most popular shows on British television ; and so the BBC , by ensuring that they overlap , is risking domestic disharmony on a national scale , as millions fight over the remote control .
Yes , I realise that families can always record one and watch the other live , if they own the necessary technology ; but unless the BBC believed that its move would take audiences away from the rival X Factor , its schedulers would not have acted as they did .
Trivial though the precise subject matter might be , the row cuts right to the heart of the debate about the merits of having a public - sector broadcaster .
Public service , in the widest sense , should exist where markets fail , to provide what free enterprise acting alone cannot .
Do non-public sector channels fail to provide game shows and other forms of mass entertainment ?
On the contrary .
So why is it necessary for the BBC to wage war against ITV ( and , indeed , Sky ) on this crowded battlefield ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The argument about when such programmes are scheduled by the BBC is merely a second - order issue , a consequence of an earlier decision .
Once you have something like the BBC 's light entertainment department , it will judge its own success or failure by the extent to which it gains bigger audiences than independent rivals .
Viewing figures are its alpha and omega ; artistic merit is merely the thinnest of icing on a very large cake .
There are those who attempt the argument that the BBC somehow has higher standards even within this demotic field ; but since it spends hundreds of millions of pounds a year attempting to outbid commercial rivals for exactly the same popular US television shows , this claim can't be made with a straight face .
If the " market failure " argument were to be applied coherently , the BBC would have an unremittingly high - minded programme output .
There would be no Radio 1 , with all its prodigiously paid presenters ( wooed away from commercial radio ) ; instead there would be , let 's say , a channel devoted entirely to serious debates , a kind of Intelligence Squared of the air .
There would be another channel which broadcast nothing but actors reading fine novels aloud .
Come to think of it , both of these would work as television programmes – and very cheap to produce .
There is only one argument against this , and it is based on the very way in which the BBC is paid for .
Unlike general taxation , which draws much more heavily from the well - off ( the richest one per cent pay about a quarter of all income tax ) , the licence fee is a poll - tax , costing the poorest as much as the most affluent .
Almost 40 per cent of licence fee evaders come from the D/E socio- economic groups ; the BBC knows that the best way it can minimise the chances of " ca n't pay , wo n't pay " riots against the licence fee poll - tax is if it provides pap for the proletariat .
It is partly for this reason that the BBC constantly reassures the public what good value for money the £ 145 a year licence fee is , with the unspoken implication that the same can't be said about the Sky TV packages .
That may be true , but then – and I declare my interest as a Sunday Times contributor – imagine how much cheaper Rupert Murdoch 's deal would be if he had the right to divide the costs between every family in the land , with the threat of imprisonment as the ultimate sanction against non-payment .
Dramatic changes to the way in which broadcast material is watched are in any case making this argument seem very much last - century .
It is conventionally understood that the licence fee attaches to the use of a television set .
Yet increasingly the public ( and especially the younger among us ) are watching broadcasts via a computer , or even a mobile phone .
The bizarrely anachronistic notion of a television licence fee is made clear if you think how you would respond if you were made to pay an extra £ 145 a year for the use of your computer as a recipient of broadcasts .
In fact the BBC warns us that while " there is no separate [ licence payment ] enforcement policy regarding people using their computers , laptops , or any other device to watch TV , it forms part of our normal enforcement operation and TV Licensing has caught evaders watching television online " .
Teenagers of Britain , you have been warned .
I absolutely do n't want to give the impression that I could happily live without anything provided by the BBC .
I go to the Proms every year and listen to Radio 3 with a mixture of delight and occasional exasperation ; BBC 2's Newsnight is essential for anyone with a professional interest in current affairs , as is Radio 4 's Today programme .
It is perhaps with these broadcasting institutions in mind that the BBC makes its claim to be worthy of the public 's trust ( and money ) .
Yet these are the very institutions which are facing cuts in investment and journalistic budgets as the Corporation seeks to thrust its tentacles into an ever wider range of activities – it has even bought Lonely Planet , perhaps the first time in history that a travel guidebook publisher has been nationalised .
It is sometimes argued that this is all tolerable , because if the BBC did n't exist , then there would be no high - quality television at all ; that the alternative would be the Americanisation of British broadcasting .
I doubt it , somehow ; after all , the absence of a state - funded supermarket chain has not led to British supermarkets becoming as bland and characterless as their US cousins .
Chains such as Waitrose and Marks & Spencer provide high - quality product within an entirely , and ferociously , commercial environment .
By way of analogy , Sky TV now offers four dedicated arts channels .
Sure , you pay something for them ; but then you also have the choice not to do so .
That seems much fairer than being compelled to pay for Strictly Come Dancing .
d.lawson@independent.co.uk
To a busy emergency physician , a split lip or a case of poisoning is just one of those things they deal with .
But to a computer mining the patient ’s medical history , it could be the last diagnosis needed to decipher a pattern of domestic violence .
Now , a group of researchers at Harvard University has created the first computer model to automatically detect the risk that a patient is being abused at home .
The results were published Sept. 29 in the British Medical Journal .
“ It ’s a great concept , ” said Debra Houry , an emergency physician at Emory University , who was not involved in the research .
Although around one in four women experience domestic violence at some point in their lives , she says , the problem often goes unnoticed at a doctor ’s visit .
“ It ’s one of those hidden epidemics where they do n’t come up to you and disclose the issue . ”
In fact , patients often try to hide the abuse , says Ben Reis , a Harvard pediatrician and computer scientist who designed the new computer model .
“ Abused people actually go to different emergency rooms each time , so that [ the abuse ] is harder to track . ”
To get around this problem , Reis and his colleagues tapped into a public U.S. database containing six years of medical history for around half a million people .
They fed a large portion of the database into a simple computer model — known as a naïve Bayesian classifier — which then calculated the abuse risks linked to different diagnoses such as burns , sprains or mental disorders .
At present , medical records , even electronic ones , may be hard to interpret in the limited time a physician has to see a patient .
“ It ’s usually a big , long wine list , ” Reis says .
“ We reduced the entire history to one picture . ”
That picture is called a risk gel .
In essence , it shows the patient ’s medical history as a bunch of colored bars representing diagnoses made at various visits .
A green bar means the diagnosis is not statistically linked to abuse , while a red bar means it is .
When the computer determines that the combined abuse risk based on all diagnoses is high , it sounds the alarm , letting the physician know that a face - to - face meeting is called for .
“ We see this system as a screening support system , ” Reis said .
But screening is n’t the end - all , be - all for victims of domestic violence , says Gene Feder of the University of Bristol .
He recently reviewed several trials of screening programs and found that none of them measured whether or not screening led to fewer deaths and injuries among abused women .
“ Is [ the new computer model ] suitable for implementation in in - patient hospital and ER hospital settings without further testing ? ” he wrote in an e-mail to Wired.com .
“ Not without suitable training for clinicians in how to ask about abuse of the designated high - risk women and how to manage the women safely . ”
Still , researchers agree that domestic violence is severely underdetected by health care providers .
But it shows up clearly in murder stats .
According to the Harvard group , domestic abuse accounts for more than half of the murders of women in the United States .
And without detection , there is no chance of helping the victims .
Using the new system , the researchers were able to predict abuse an average of two years before the doctor made the diagnosis .
Presumably , the computer is picking up signs of ongoing maltreatment the patient has n’t yet revealed .
The researchers also speculate that , in principle , some subtle signal could precede direct abuse .
One surprise finding that could be relevant , says Reis , is that infections turned out to be strongly linked to abuse .
That might suggest worsening hygiene in the family or increased psychological stress , possible omens of abuse .
But at this point , it is anybody ’s guess whether true predictions are possible .
Predictions or not , with the current model , fewer than 20 percent of the patients flagged as high - risk cases turned out to have a diagnosis of abuse .
Part of the problem may be that the system is only as good as the data it was based on .
And as Emory University ’s Houry points out , that data is n’t up to speed when it comes to diagnosing abuse .
The Harvard researchers counter that their approach shows all the more promise because it works even when based on poor , real - world data .
Working on a new government grant , they are now trying to improve the model and incorporate more data , a task that will get easier as electronic medical records become widespread among health care providers .
Within four years , the group hopes to have a full - fledged system ready , including a user interface optimized for doctors .
“ The long - term vision is one of predictive medicine , where vast amounts of information are used to improve health care , diagnosis , screening and outcomes , ” says Reis .
Yet the question remains how to translate a diagnosis into action that will help the victims of abuse .
“ Identifying in itself is not enough , ” says Houry .
“ But I believe it helps . ”
Images : 1 ) " Treemap visualizations of abuse risk associated with different diagnostic categories ( for women ) / Reis et. al. , BMJ .
2 ) Risk gel visualization / Intelligenthistories.org
The prized southern bluefin tuna industry , worth hundreds of millions of dollars to Australia , could be heading for a major collapse unless a moratorium on fishing the species is adopted .
That is the view of TRAFFIC , a program of the conservation organisation WWF , and several scientists who are becoming increasingly concerned at the low level of spawning stock and the low levels of annual recruitment of young fish to that of breeding stock .
The issue will come to a head at the annual Commission for the Conservation of the Southern Bluefin Tuna ( CCSBT ) , which meets in South Korea next week .
Lateline understands the scientific report to be presented at the meeting is expected to show a dramatic fall in stocks .
The delegates to the commission have all signed confidentiality agreements and the true state of the stock will only be revealed once the meeting finishes on Friday , October 23 .
One of the delegates to the CCSBT , CSIRO scientist Campbell Davies , cannot reveal the latest scientific data but says the information from the 2008 reports shows the stock is not recovering , despite significant cuts to quotas over the past 10 years .
He says " this level is below the level of many nationally and internationally recognised limit points for fisheries management " .
In other words , below this point is crisis time .
The global marine program leader for TRAFFIC , Glenn Slant , puts the situation more bluntly : " The southern bluefin tuna is at an all - time low , below 10 per cent of its original population size , and what that means is at any time it could collapse . "
" Just this week the Australian Government released its status report ... and I can tell you there is a lot of red ink in it which represents continued overfishing and overfished levels . "
The report Mr Sant is referring to is the Fishery Status Reports 2008 , put out by the Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics .
But Lateline believes the evidence to be presented to the CCSBT next week may show the southern bluefin tuna is now in a worse state than its northern cousin - the northern bluefin tuna , which has just been submitted by the Prince of Monaco for what is known as a CITIES listing .
The CITIES parties will now consider whether the tuna should be listed as an " endangered species " .
If accepted it would ban the trade in the species for commercial purposes , placing much more pressure on the southern bluefin tuna .
Scientists are improving their methods of stock assessment .
Since the 1990s , electronic tags have revealed information about how the southern bluefin tuna migrates over large distances and how it hunts for food .
This information is helping scientists to more accurately determine the size of the spawning stock .
Also , there is some hope that the use of genetic tags - a type of DNA fingerprinting technology - will allow scientists to estimate the size of the spawning stock independent of fishery reports .
Data questioned
The Australian Tuna Association , which represents the Port Lincoln community , disputes the scientific claims .
Chief executive Brian Jefferies says the current data is not " transparent " .
" The stock is recovering , there is no question about that .
What everyone agrees on is that the stock is not at risk .
Where people disagree is how quickly will it take to recover . "
Australian tuna fishermen are angry the benefits that should have flowed from large cuts to the quota in 1990 , and then by 50 per cent in 2006 , were cancelled out by years of illegal overfishing by Japan .
Several years ago , the Japanese Government admitted it had illegally taken more than 120,000 tonnes of tuna above their total allowable catch ( TAC ) .
The figure is believed to be closer to 200,000 tonnes .
Mr Jefferies says the Japanese Government is " pulling their fishermen into line " and should be given credit for that .
However , Mr Jefferies say there should be a debate about whether Japan needs to pay back the thousands of tonnes of tuna it was illegally catching and selling .
" They should pay back 200,000 tonnes , when they only have a quota of 6,000 tonnes - this is a political issue for the two countries .
Let 's see if the Government takes into account other issues such as the health of the Australian tuna industry . "
But Mr Jefferies does not believe next week 's CCSBT meeting in South Korea will decide to significantly cut the total allowable catch for south bluefin tuna .
" The season is about to start , the boats and pontoons are in the water already .
That is not realistic .
That is not going to happen , " he said .
" The real debate will be 2011 , but it will be informed by the data available in 2010 .
We should n't panic and be driven by short - term decisions . "
The Australian Tuna Association says it could cope with a cut to quotas if it was given enough time to adapt and the market conditions were right .
" If we were given plenty of notice , and the prices in the market were right , we will do what 's best for the long - term of the resource , " Mr Jefferies said .
" Australia is the only country that relies on this resource .
Other countries have other fish and remember Port Lincoln has 5,000 working families relying on this resource .
" The data is not transparent enough .
By 2011 we will have a better idea of where the stock actually is instead of just speculating . "
Crunch time
But Mr
Sant says there is enough evidence on the public record to show the stock is in severe decline .
" Unfortunately , when we talk about fisheries we are talking about communities and people , " he said .
" Here we are in a fishing port , this port 20 years ago was dependent on eastern gem fish catches .
The management of that stock was too little and too late , so the stock collapsed .
At some stage we have to make hard decisions if we want a long - term future for the industry and the communities . "
Mr Sant says he has been attending CCSBT meetings for 16 years but now it is " crunch time " .
" What we would like to see in Korea is for the commissioners at this meeting to substantially reduce the catch of tuna and consider a zero catch for the next couple of years .
We need to get the southern bluefin tuna on a firm footing if we are going to see a recovery of the stock and the industry . "
For more on this issue watch Lateline tonight at 10:30 pm on ABC 1 .
Joe Girard is born during the 1929 depression in one of the most deplorable ghettos in Detroit city .
Joe has a difficult relationship with his father .
At a very young age , Joe starts shining shoes of people in salons .
He has a tough childhood .
But even though Joe comes from a poor background and has a hard start , he becomes really successful .
How successful does Joe become ?
The Guinness Book of World Records listed Joe Girard as the “ World ’s Greatest Retail Salesman ” for 12 consecutive years .
People actually lineup to meet Joe , so that he can sell them cars .
A long queue is always noticed in front of Joe Girard ’s dealership on every Saturday morning .
Joe Girard sells more cars individually than most dealers sell in total .
He sells an average of 6 cars everyday , throughout his selling career .
In all , He sells 13,001 cars during his selling career … all at retail .
What ’s Joe Girard ’s Selling Secret ?
Joe builds and maintains relationships .
Joe sends 13 cards to all his prospects and clients every year .
One every month and one for Christmas .
He creates a place for himself in the brains of his prospects and clients by keeping in touch with them .
He makes sure that he is in peoples ’ minds when they have to buy a car .
And that is how he sells 6 cars a day , everyday .
Action Summary :
Keep in touch with people regularly .
Send them “ Thank you ” notes .
Send them season ’s greetings .
Send them news and information that will be beneficial to them .
Send them free goodies .
It ’s been a rough week .
A few days ago , at UCLA ’s Resnick Neuropsychiatric Hospital , 6 - year - old Jani toppled a food cart and was confined to her room .
She slammed her head against the floor , opening a bloody cut that sent her into hysterics .
Later , she kicked the hospital therapy dog .
Jani normally likes animals .
But most of her animal friends -- cats , rats , dogs and birds -- are phantoms that only she can see .
January Schofield has schizophrenia .
Potent psychiatric drugs -- in doses that would stagger most adults -- seem to skip off her .
She is among the rarest of the rare : a child seemingly born mentally ill .
She suffers from delusions , hallucinations and paroxysms of rage so severe that not even her parents feel safe .
She ’s threatened to climb into an oven .
She ’s kicked and tried to bite her little brother .
“ I ’m Jani , and I have a cat named Emily 54 , ” she says , by way of introduction .
“ And I ’m Saturn - the - Rat ’s baby sitter . ”
She locks her fingers in front of her chest and flexes her wrists furiously , a tic that surfaces when she ’s anxious .
Advertisement
She announces that she wants to be a veterinarian .
“ I ’m empathetic with rats , ” she says .
Asked what “ empathetic ” means , she smiles confidently .
“ It means you like rats . ”
The doctors have been trying a new antipsychotic medication , called Moban .
Jani knows she is sick and that people want to help her .
Advertisement
“ Is the Moban working ? ” her mother asks Jani during a visit .
“ No . I have more friends . ”
Susan Schofield looks crestfallen .
She and her husband , Michael Schofield , have brought French fries .
Jani takes a bite , runs around the room and circles back for another bite .
Advertisement
“ You want the rats and cats to go away , do n’t you ? ” Susan asks , trying to make eye contact with her daughter .
Jani stuffs a French fry into her mouth .
“ No , ” she says .
“ They ’re cool .
Rats are cool . ”
--
Advertisement
About 1 % of adults have schizophrenia ; most become ill in their late teens or 20s .
Approximately one in 10 will commit suicide .
Doctors and other mental health experts do n’t fully understand the disease , which has no cure .
Jani ’s extreme early onset has left them almost helpless .
The rate of onset in children 13 and under is about one in 30,000 to 50,000 .
In a national study of 110 children , only one was diagnosed as young as age 6 .
“ Child - onset schizophrenia is 20 to 30 times more severe than adult - onset schizophrenia , ” says Dr. Nitin Gogtay , a neurologist at the National Institute of Mental Health who helps direct the children ’s study , the largest such study in the world on the illness .
“ Ninety - five percent of the time they are awake these kids are actively hallucinating , ” Gogtay says .
“ I do n’t think I ’ve seen anything more devastating in all of medicine . ”
Advertisement
For Jani ’s parents , the most pressing issue is where Jani should live .
She has been on the UCLA psych ward -- where she was placed during an emergency -- since Jan. 16 .
The ward is not designed for long - term care .
Jani ca n’t return to her family ’s apartment in Valencia .
Last fall , she tried to jump out of a second - story window .
Her parents -- Michael , a college English instructor , and Susan , a former radio traffic reporter -- must decide how to provide as much stability as possible for their daughter while also trying to protect their 18 - month - old son .
“ If Jani was 16 , there would be resources , ” Michael says .
“ But very few hospitals , private or public , will take a 6 - year - old . ”
Advertisement
Born Aug. 8 , 2002 , Jani was different from the start , sleeping fitfully for only about four hours a day .
Most infants sleep 14 to 16 hours a day .
Only constant , high - energy stimulation kept Jani from screaming .
“ For the first 18 months , we would take her to malls , play areas , IKEA , anywhere we could find crowds , ” says Michael , 33 .
“ It was impossible to overstimulate her .
We would leave at 8 in the morning and be gone for 14 hours .
We could not come home until Jani had been worn out enough so that she would sleep a couple of hours . ”
When Jani turned 3 , her tantrums escalated .
She lasted three weeks in one preschool and one week in another .
She demanded to be called by different names ; Rainbow one day , Blue - eyed Tree Frog the next .
Make - believe friends filled her days -- mostly rats and cats and , sometimes , little girls .
She threw her shoes at people when angry and tried to push the car out of gear while Michael was driving .
The usual disciplinary strategies parents use to teach their young children proper behavior -- time - outs , rules , positive rewards -- failed time and again for the Schofields .
Advertisement
“ She would go into these rages where she would scream , hit , kick , scratch and bite .
She could say , ‘ Mommy , I love you , ’ and seconds later switch into being really violent , ” Michael says .
Kindergarten lasted one week .
The Schofields consulted doctors and heard myriad opinions : bipolar disorder , attention - deficit hyperactivity disorder , ineffective parenting .
No one considered schizophrenia .
In December 2007 , they were referred to Dr. Linda Woodall , a psychiatrist in Glendale .
Jani ’s medical records for the following year depict a doctor searching for effective medications while her patient slid further into a world stalked by rats and cats .
Advertisement
July 8 , 2008 : Claps hands , hops ( tic - like ) ; food ca n’t touch ; strips clothes off if she thinks they have a spot .
Wants order and perfection in play , toys , stories .
Nov. 11 , 2008 : Talking to a “ bird named 34 " on her hand .
Drawing on her clothes and body with permanent marker .
Screaming at school and in the waiting room .
Jan. 7 , 2009 : Patient is psychotic ; talking to rats naming them the days of the week . . .
I believe it would be in the best interests of January and her family to have her placed in residential treatment .
--
Advertisement
Her parents named her January because they loved the sound of it .
But this year , the month of January became the breaking point for a fragile family .
Jani ’s torment had escalated through much of 2008 .
She was hospitalized last fall for three weeks .
Jani tried , and failed , again to attend school .
She choked herself with her hands , hit her head on the walls and said she wanted to die .
“ Home was a nightmare , and school was a nightmare , ” Michael says .
Advertisement
A new imaginary friend named 400 - the - Cat moved in .
He told her to kick and hit other people .
“ We realized she did n’t control her imaginary friends .
They controlled her , ” Michael says .
Many phantoms populated her mind now : two little girls named 100 Degrees and 24 Hours ; 200 - the - Rat ; Magical 61 - the - Cat ; and 400 .
Susan , 39 , was laid off from her job in September , and although money was tight , she felt almost relieved .
Jani needed constant supervision .
Woodall decided to try a new drug , Haldol , 1 milligram , twice a day .
It seemed to calm Jani , and 400 - the - Cat went away .
The Schofields made another attempt at first grade , sending Jani to school Jan. 12 .
But that day , the muscles on the left side of her body locked up , and the school called paramedics .
She had developed dystonia , a movement disorder that causes involuntary contractions of muscles .
It ’s a side effect of high doses of some psychotropic medications .
Advertisement
On Jan. 16 , Michael dropped his daughter off at school again .
“ She seemed fine that morning , ” he said .
She was taking a lower dose of Haldol plus medications to quell psychosis and stabilize mood .
But at 9:15 , she began screaming that she wanted to see her brother , Bodhi .
She threw her pencils and shoes , tried to jump out of the classroom window , then ran down the halls .
The assistant principal called Michael and told him to come and take his daughter home .
Michael was drained .
“ I knew if we took her home we could n’t get any help anywhere , ” he says .
“ We were fed up with nobody believing us , nobody helping us . ”
Advertisement
He refused .
The principal called the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department and reported that the parents had abandoned their misbehaving child .
Three school psychologists were summoned by the assistant principal , and a sheriff ’s deputy called for a team of emergency psychiatric workers .
Jani was locked in an empty office playing with 24 Hours .
The experts concluded she was psychotic and took her to UCLA .
--
Advertisement
Each day , before the Schofields visit , they stop at a Burger King for lunch and order take - out for Jani .
“ So many people just thought we had a bratty kid , ” says Michael , feeding Bodhi as he squirms in a high chair in the restaurant .
“ UCLA was the first to tell us : ‘ It ’s not your fault -- there is something wrong with her brain . ’ ”
When her family arrives , Jani looks surprised to see them although they visit every day .
She is wearing a lime - green T - shirt and pink skirt with turquoise rubber shoes .
Her hair is tousled .
Her legs carry the last traces of baby fat .
Susan dabs toothpaste on a toothbrush and runs it over her daughter ’s teeth for a few seconds -- the only dental care Jani will allow .
“ I ’d rather be 16 , ” Jani says , putting a hand on her hip and tossing a flirty look over her shoulder .
“ I ’m 14 on weekends , Thursdays , Wednesdays and Tuesdays . ”
Advertisement
She pauses .
“ All except for Mondays . ”
She loves Littlest Pet Shop toys , miniature animals with houses and furniture , and stacks them on a shelf in her room .
Although she ca n’t sit still long enough to read a book , she is a voracious learner .
She ’s also bright -- her IQ is 146 .
Over the years , Michael and Susan have entertained her by feeding her information well beyond her years : specifics of evolution , the Roman Empire , the periodic table of elements .
“ What is the atomic symbol for tungsten ? ” Susan asks .
Advertisement
“ W. ”
Jani talks about living in Calalini .
Where is Calalini ?
She leans in to whisper her secret .
Advertisement
“ Calalini is on the border between this world and my other world . ”
--
Jani ’s psychiatrist at UCLA , Dr. Karen Lim , has tried several medications .
A whopping 300 milligrams of Thorazine manages to stop the psychosis , but it too causes dystonia .
Michael worries that the heavy doses of medication might kill his daughter .
But without it , she might kill herself .
Jani had recently told Michael that the temperature in Calalini had risen to 200 degrees -- a sign that her hallucinations are worsening .
She also says that 400 - the - Cat is being really bossy .
Advertisement
On a mid-April afternoon , Michael and Susan meet with Lim and Jani ’s social worker , Georgia Wagniere , to discuss the rejections from two residential facilities that primarily care for children who have been abused or neglected but are not severely mentally ill .
No one wants to take in a 6 - year - old schizophrenic .
“ I feel like we ’re back to zero again , ” Michael says .
Susan proposes that the couple trade in their two - bedroom apartment and rent two one - bedroom units in the same complex .
One parent would live with Bodhi and one with Jani on alternating days .
The group discusses the stress on the couple .
Both Michael and Susan have relatives who were mentally ill , and both struggle with depression and take antidepressants .
They receive no help from their families .
Advertisement
“ It ’s been very taxing , ” Wagniere says .
“ It has disrupted your entire life ; your finances , your mental status . ”
“ I ’m prepared to go the rest of my life like this , ” Michael says .
“ I ’m not hanging on to the hope that she ’ll get better .
My biggest fear is that she wo n’t live to 18 . ”
“ I have more hope , ” Susan says softly , staring at the floor .
Bodhi begins fussing .
Michael and Susan thank Wagniere and Lim and leave to visit Jani .
Advertisement
Lim gathers her papers and follows them down the hall .
She has recently issued a formal diagnosis of child - onset schizophrenia .
The case has tested the limits of the young doctor ’s expertise .
“ Jani knows she is different from other children , ” she says .
“ She has a degree of insight .
She says , ‘ If my parents do n’t love me , I ’ll go live with my rats . ’ ”
Lim sighs .
“ I would like to give the parents more hope that she wo n’t kill herself . ”
Advertisement
She catches up to Michael and Susan and unlocks the three heavy security doors that separate the children ’s unit from the rest of the hospital .
Jani ’s hair is pulled back in a braid .
She begins to show off her Littlest Pet Shops .
A boy hospitalized on the unit passes by the open door of Jani ’s room and slams it shut .
A stunned look crosses Jani ’s face .
She pauses for a few seconds , then marches across the room announcing she is going to hit the boy .
Michael stops her and tries to redirect her attention to her Pet Shop .
But she turns on him , jumping and butting her head under his chin .
He winces and holds her arms as she kicks him in the legs , butts her head into his chest and tries to bite him through his T - shirt .
“ I just want to hit him !
I just want to hit him ! ”
Hospital staff rush in and restrain her on the bed .
Advertisement
Jani ’s wailing rings down the hall .
“ I just want to hit him ! ”
About 20 minutes later , a tired Michael emerges from the room to drive home with Susan and Bodhi .
“ She ’s calm now , ” he says .
“ But the next time she sees him , she ’ll hit him . ”
--
Advertisement
Finally , a break .
A combination of Tegretol , Thorazine and lithium has blunted some of the rage and coaxed a few of the phantoms from Jani ’s mind .
Lim discharges her June 1 after 133 days in the hospital .
The two apartments are ready .
Jani will live in 925 ; Bodhi , just across the parking lot in 1035 .
Jani ’s apartment is modeled after the psychiatric ward .
Her room has only a bed so that , during a tantrum , she can be placed where she wo n’t hurt herself .
The living room is called the day room and is packed with toys and games .
The kitchen is the supply room .
The Schofields bought walkie - talkies to communicate between apartments .
Michael has written Jani ’s schedule on a large white board , just like the hospital staff did : 14:00 , occupational therapy ; 15:00 , quiet time ; 16:00 , outdoors ; 17:00 , dinner ; 18:00 , recreational therapy .
Whoever stays with Jani at night is referred to as her “ staff . ”
Advertisement
Michael has been worried about paying rent on two places .
But , he says , “ We want her home .
When she ’s not in Calalini -- where they all are -- we can have a relationship with her .
We want to take what we can get . ”
The Schofields have sought home - based special services but are n’t hopeful .
They ’ve tried to get respite care from a center that helps people with developmental disabilities but were told the service was available only for parents of autistic children .
“ We ’ve developed sort of a bunker mentality , ” Michael says .
“ Every time Susan and I have relied on other people , we ’ve been disappointed . ”
Jani ’s school , however , will take her back , in a special - education classroom .
Advertisement
The family arrives at Jani ’s new home around 3 p.m. on a Monday .
“ Honey ! ” Jani shouts , running across the parking lot to hug the family dog she has n’t seen in 4 1/2 months .
The wide - eyed , penetrating gaze Jani wore in the hospital -- when she stared as if trying to see into a person ’s brain -- is gone .
She has spoken little of 400 - the - Cat in recent days .
But she flaps her hands and rarely stops moving as Michael and Susan show her a cupboard full of prizes she can earn with good behavior .
As she becomes familiar with the three small rooms , she begins to relax .
She laughs when Bodhi fusses .
Friends have come by to visit and share in the homecoming .
“ This is actually a very happy day , ” says Michael , as he takes in the scene .
“ She has beaten back probably the most severe mental illness known to man .
My hope now is that we can maintain this stability for a while . ”
Advertisement
Jani opens the door to a small balcony where her parents have set up an easel with paper , markers , paints and chalk .
She grabs chalk , scribbles on the board and looks up at her parents , grinning .
“ Oh - oh , ” says Susan , with a sigh .
She steps back and calls for Michael to have a look .
He does .
He says nothing .
400 .
--
Advertisement
shari.roan@latimes.com
--
latimes.com/schizophrenia
See a photo gallery and video of Jani and her family , the Schofields .
There Will Be Blood is by all accounts an excellent film — but I can't confirm this , because the Netflix DVD of the movie has been gathering dust atop my DVD player since April .
That 's when it arrived in the mail , but I have n't watched a movie on DVD since then .
Why ?
In a word , streaming .
The udder runs dry
Between content — mostly atrocious kids shows like Caillou — stuffed onto a DVR , access to The Simpsons and The Daily Show via Hulu , and nine bucks a month to Netflix for unlimited streaming , there 's little need in our household to actually pop in a disc of any kind .
Hence , the presence of that red envelope atop my DVD player .
It 's people like me who are confirming recent comments by Netflix CEO Reed Hastings , who says that streaming will be bigger than DVDs at Netflix in under two years .
Although the company says that all formats are growing in usage , the tremendous growth of streaming does suggest that Blu-ray will never become the huge cash cow that studio backers hoped to milk for decades .
While digital disc formats like CD and DVD proved unbelievably lucrative for the music and movie businesses , successor formats have n't fared well ; DVD - Audio never caught on , and Blu-ray appeared just as streaming began to take off .
The fact that Netflix can already stream programming in HD using just a few megabits per second means that Blu-ray 's technological superiority will matter only to some ; most others will soon find online streaming plenty " good enough . "
This was n't a surprise to Netflix , of course — as a recent Wired profile pointed out , " There was a reason [ Hastings ] called the company Netflix and not , say , DVDs by Mail . "
But it does mean that the company 's secret DVD processing warehouses will eventually scale back and shutter altogether .
( Though given the fact that my public library still carries audiocassettes and VHS tapes , the market for DVDs and Blu-ray could be around for a long time yet . )
Abundance and its discontents
In our house , the shift has had two curious effects .
One is that we watch more video .
It 's easier to see shows , there 's more to choose from , and you never have to worry about scheduling — but the dearth of commercials on Netflix and Hulu ( which shows only one per ad break ) also means that it's now possible to watch three " half hour " shows in just over 60 minutes .
With a full show only consuming about twenty minutes and entire seasons available for watching at once , episodes feel more like snacks than like full meals — and everyone knows how easy it is to just keep snacking .
The second effect has been a move to shorter - form content .
This may be peculiar to our situation , but full - length movies have quite limited appeal now .
Part of that is two small children who awake early and are n't down until 8 pm ; do you really want to spend the couple hours of precious free time watching a 2.5 - hour movie like There Will Be Blood ?
Our answer is increasingly " no , " driven in part by the easy availability of on - demand episodes of TV content .
But part of the reason also seems to be psychological .
Just knowing that I have ten different TV series — all of excellent quality — queued up on the DVR and Netflix induces a low - level , free - floating sense that these are " tasks " that need to be crossed off the to - do list .
And " making progress " on a TV series is easier than watching a movie ; indeed , a single hour can knock three episodes of 30 Rock off the list .
This is part of the burden of an on - demand world , the flip side of the blessing of abundance .
The same feeling creeps in whenever I 've tried " all you eat " music subscription services like Rhapsody in the past ; it 's awesome but also too much .
Not having to make any meaningful choices about which music to buy and keep makes it simple to explore , but it also can also mean that " difficult " albums never get a repeat listen .
They might not even get an initial listen , actually ; after thirty seconds of two or three songs , one might be ready to move on .
Again , the attention span for sitting with content gets shorter unless it provides a more immediate gratification .
With a hundred top- quality pieces on content in an on - demand queue , it 's easy to crash at home after work every night and watch something excellent .
Even twenty years ago , when one was bound to a TV schedule and the only option for getting a movie was a drive to the video store , there was enough " friction " involved in trying to watch what you wanted that it might be easier instead to read a book , go out for a drink with friends , or work out .
On - demand streaming makes high - quality video content so easy to access that we might legitimately wonder about the effects it will have on a society that already proves just how alluring are moving images on a screen .
On the other hand , such worries have attended technology since the invention of the gramophone , which was corrupting the sound quality of music , putting orchestras out of work , and turning music into background rather than foreground entertainment .
Yet we 're all still here .
Still , every time I walk past the DVD player , I wonder what I 'm missing with There Will Be Blood , and when I 'll find the 2.5 hours to find out .
In the time it takes your computer to boot up , you can probably make some toast or a cup of tea before the thing is ready to use .
In the near future , you might only have enough time to take a sip of that tea or check your watch .
Mindful of how frustrating the wait is , makers of PCs ' basic input / output systems ( BIOS ) are working on bringing instant - on computing closer to reality with promises of significantly faster boot time .
" People want PCs to be like their toaster .
Push a button and it is ready , " says Steve Jones , vice - president and chief scientist of core systems at Phoenix Technologies , one of the biggest BIOS makers .
The BIOS is the first piece of code that a computer runs when it is powered on .
Before Windows or Linux can start , the BIOS identifies , tests and gets system devices such as the video display card , the hard disk and other hardware up and running .
But running the tests every time the machine powers on can be time consuming .
At Intel 's developer conference last week , Phoenix announced that the latest version of its BIOS could boot in just about a second by cutting out redundant checks and creating a smarter version of the firmware .
Of course , that still leaves the time that it takes Windows to start up , but Microsoft has been working on that , too , and claims that Windows 7 starts up in about 20 seconds , compared to the 50 seconds or so for Vista .
The faster boot time will help users , says Nathan Brookwood , a research fellow at market research and consulting company Insight 64 .
But even with Microsoft 's improvements , he says , it is still nearly a minute before the user is completely up and running .
" Every software application today wants to go out there and check for the latest version on boot up , which just gets in the way of what you really want to do And that is check e-mail , " he says .
Shrinking this digital annoyance is the new quest for PC makers .
For most people , computers today have become as much a consumer electronics product as TVs , cellphones and DVD players .
That means , consumers expect the same kind of instant response from their computers are they get from other electronics devices .
" If you pick up a phone , you expect to instantly hear a tone , " says Jones .
" That 's the future for computers , too . "
Jones says the ' I am ready for use ' signaling is an important psychological factor for consumers .
" Bell Labs worked hard on this .
They figured if you pick up the phone and did n't hear something within 250 milliseconds , then you would be pretty uncomfortable with the device , " he says .
On PCs , that signaling time has been much longer .
Boot - up on PCs is split into two chunks : the BIOS boot up , which is the time taken from pressing the power on button to the time BIOS finishes booting , also known as pre-boot , and the time taken for the operating system to load .
Today , this can take anywhere from a minute to nearly three minutes .
And that can feel like eternity for users .
" Lots of users today just press the power button and then grab a cup of coffee , " says Brookwood .
" If the line at Starbucks is n’t too long , the system will be ready by the time they ’re back . "
The BIOS has been part of PCs since the first IBM PC in 1981 .
The firmware initializes every computer to a point where an operating system can come along and with no knowledge of the machine start running .
" The BIOS is doing a lot more than waking up the machine and handing it a cup of coffee in the morning , " says Brian Richardson , senior technical marketing engineer , for American Megatrends Inc. , a major BIOS maker .
" It provides a layer so you can buy a PC take it home , wipe the configuration clean , change it and do it 100 times a day and your OS will still start up . "
Running the hardware checks takes time .
About 15 years ago , the BIOS firmware in PCs would take up to two minutes to boot .
Finding that customers were becoming impatient with the boot times , PC makers started pressing for PCs to be more like appliances with their ability to be switched on instantly .
" Electronics is not supposed to warm up anymore , " says Richardson .
" So we have been trying to shrink the time it takes to get the machine ready . "
BIOS boot times can vary depending on configuration of the PC :
More memory and more cards mean it will take longer .
Increasingly , operating systems , such as Microsoft 's Windows , run initial checkups on boot to verify system details and ensure the most updated versions of the software is loaded .
In other words , the OS is doing some of the work that the BIOS traditionally has done .
" Effectively what BIOS makers are saying is that if the OS is not going to believe us anyway , why bother ? " says Brookwood .
That 's why PC makers are pinning their hopes on a new standard called Unified Extensible Firmware Interface .
UEFI hopes to improve the intelligence of the BIOS so it does n't have to perform all checks every time the computer is powered on .
Ultimately , the idea is to run fewer initializations as the computer boots .
Phoenix and AMI say there are some machines already whose BIOS is based on the UEFI standard for quicker boot but it will be late next year before a majority of PCs have it .
And unlike the BIOS , which is tied to Intel 's x86 processor architecture , UEFI will not be specific to any processor architecture .
Microsoft 's upcoming Windows 7 operating system has also laid out some criteria for PC manufacturers to get hardware aligned in a way that they can meet the company 's standards .
Microsoft has set a criteria of five seconds for BIOS boot time and 20 seconds for the operating system to boot .
That 's still nowhere near the instant - on computing dream and promises of faster BIOS risks setting unrealistic expectations among consumers , says Brookwood .
There 's a way to get instant - on .
It 's called the sleep mode .
" People assume they get instant - on with their cellphones but no one reboots their cellphone everyday , " says Richardson .
" So one form of instant - on is never to turn it off . "
Another route to quick boot is to do what Dell has done with its latest notebook .
Dell 's newly launched Latitude Z offers instant boot to check e-mail , calendar , contacts and the web as part of a mode called ' Latitude On . '
In it the PC boots from a special chipset running an ARM processor , the same kind of CPU that powers most cellphones , and a slimmed down version of the Linux operating system .
The Latitude On mode comes with its own power on / off button .
Users can click on an adjacent power button to switch to Windows OS .
That gives consumers options , says Robert Thomson , product manager for Latitude Z at Dell .
" When you directly go to the Latitude On mode , you never bring up the main operating system , " he says " And when you turn it off , it goes into the suspend mode , which is not like that of Vista or XP but more like what you see in cellphones . "
At $ 2000 , the Latitude Z laptop is a pricey answer to the problem of a two - minute boot up time for PCs .
And it does n't give users access to all features and programs that run on Windows OS such as Microsoft Word or Power Point .
That 's why , Brookwood advocates just staying away from the power off button as much as you can .
" Most systems today have the ability to go to sleep as opposed to being turned off , " says Brookwood .
" Too many users do n't understand that . "
Photo : ( Justin Marty / Flickr )
Creative and unusual bus stop designs that make the time you spend waiting for the bus a bit more bearable .
Curitiba Bus Stop
Futuristic public transport bus stop in Curitiba , Brazil .
Guarana Antarctica Bus Stop
Football goal posts were placed in bus shelters around Sao Paulo , Brazil to promote the World Cup .
Strawberry Bus Stop
Yummy strawberry bus stop from Japan .
Yosemite Falls Bus Stop
Beautiful Yosemite Falls trail bus stop is perfectly suited for the setting .
Hammock Bus Stop
Relax while you wait for the bus to arrive .
Air Conditioned Bus Stop
Fully enclosed bus stop with air conditioning in Dubai .
Casar de Caceres Bus Stop
This minimalist structure that looks like a single sheet of white concrete was designed by architect Justo García Rubío and located in Casar de Caceres , Spain .
Moroccan Style Bus Stop
No ordinary bus stop decorated by Iris Hynd in Cornwall , England .
Estonian Bus Stop
Beautiful bus stop design from Estonia .
Watermelon Bus Stop
Creative watermelon bus stop in Ishaya , Japan .
School Bus Bus Stop
Unusual “ school bus ” bus stop from Athens , Ga .
The bus shelter is made from 3 old school buses .
Swing Bus Stop
Creative London bus stop by Bruno Taylor gives commuters a chance to have a little bit of playtime while they wait for the bus .
Vitra Bus Stop
Bus stop designed for the Vitra design museum in Germany .
Sheffield Bus Stop
Creative bus shelter with grass roof in Sheffield , England .
LED Bus Stop
Designed as part of the smart mobilities project , this bus stop was presented in Paris in 2008 .
Users waiting inside the bus stop could engage via a touch screen interface while pedestrians waiting outside could interact with a 6 ft.
custom LED display .
Also check out : 17 Unusual and Creative Mailboxes
Rajendran Raja , a physicist at Fermilab — the U.S. Department of Energy ’s Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory in Batavia , Illinois — said by telephone that the benefit of adding thorium to the fuel mix would be to create much more fuel using existing abundant resources and to reduce waste .
This could be done by building a high - intensity proton accelerator with the capacity to produce fast neutrons that could convert nuclear waste , thorium - 232 and uranium - 238 into fuel , he said .
But to accomplish this , a proton accelerator would need to be 10 times more power - intense than anything that has been produced to date .
The concept of an accelerator - driven subcritical system , known as ADS , has been around since the 1990s .
It differs from conventional reactors which operate at criticality , which is the point at which a nuclear reaction can be self - sustaining .
But if a chain reaction gets out of control , accidents like those at Chernobyl could occur , and high levels of radioactive material could be released into the atmosphere .
Subcritical reactors , however , would use neutrons provided by the accelerator to continue the fission .
This means that criticality could be avoided by switching off the accelerator , which in turn would switch off the neutrons .
This type of reactor has not been built because an accelerator with sufficient power does not exist , Dr. Raja said .
But experts in the United States and elsewhere are taking steps in that direction .
In September , a U.S. Department of Energy facility successfully completed a test of the first U.S. - built superconducting radio frequency niobium cavity intended to become part of the prototype accelerator at Fermilab .
The niobium cavity , which is more efficient than the more common copper cavities , can be used to build a particle accelerator producing 10 megawatts of beam power , which in turn could convert thorium into nuclear fuel .
BEIJING , China ( CNN ) --
Thousands of Chinese demonstrators crowded the streets of Urumqi in western China on Thursday to protest what they say is a lack of police protection , witnesses said .
Chinese soldiers have been recently deployed on the streets of Urumqi in northwest China .
Over the past month , more than 400 ethnic majority Han Chinese have been stabbed with tainted syringes by Uyghurs , the Muslim minority , according to local news reports .
The stabbings fueled Thursday 's protests by Han Chinese in the capital of China 's Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region .
Many of those attacked with the hypodermic needles were hospitalized , but there have been no reports of deaths , the reports said .
Fifteen suspects have been detained for allegedly carrying out the stabbings , a senior official said Wednesday , according to China 's state - run Xinhua news agency .
Of the 15 , four have been formally charged , Xinhua reported .
A source told CNN that " countless " police and soldiers have deployed to Urumqi and so far , the demonstrations have been peaceful .
A local woman told CNN that the stabbings were ethnically motivated and that government text messages to citizens have warned that the syringes contained an unknown disease .
Ethnic - fueled violence between the Han Chinese and Uyghurs has plagued Urumqi since July , when soldiers and police stormed the streets to quell riots .
Unconfirmed reports of deaths in those riots range from 200 to many more .
Watch a report on the alleged attacks »
An art gallery director in Urumqi told CNN that thousands of people gathered on the streets on Thursday .
" People are protesting here right now .
It 's all Han people , " he said , declining to give his name because of safety reasons .
" Since August 3 , the Uyghurs have been stabbing the Hans with needles with an unknown virus .
People are all very scared . "
A spokeswoman for China 's Foreign Ministry said she did not know about the protests .
" I have not yet received news of this , but the Chinese government is capable of upholding stability and social unity , " Jiang Yu said .
A receptionist at a bank in the area also told CNN about the protests .
" I heard that today , even during the protest , some people got stabbed , too .
People are angry that the government is not doing much against the Uyghurs ' needle stabbing , " said the woman , who also was afraid to give her name .
All About China • Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region
A school principal has switched off his school 's wifi system
Another primary school in Northern Ireland has decided not to use wireless technology after a parent cited health fears , it has emerged .
Ballycarrickmaddy
Primary removed its wi-fi system last year .
The Department of Education said there was no evidence of any health risk and only one other school in NI had decided not to use it , using cables instead .
The other school is Ballinderry PS in County Antrim , where the principal Ian Thompson , took the decision .
He said : " We do n't really know the biological end of this , which is the thing which really concerns us .
" It 's all right saying there 's no heat from it , we accept that , but we do n't know what 's going on inside .
" I would like more reassurance really . "
The Department of Education uses Classroom 2000 , or C2 K , to administer computers and their networks in schools .
Along with the Public Health Agency in Northern Ireland , they have pointed to a study by the Health Protection Agency in England , where preliminary results indicated there was no physical health risk from using wi-fi .
The World Health Organization has also said there is " no convincing scientific evidence " that the weak radiofrequency ( RF ) signals from wireless networks cause adverse health effects .
The Monty Hall problem is a counter - intuitive statistics puzzle :
There are 3 doors , behind which are two goats and a car .
You pick a door ( call it door A ) .
You ’re hoping for the car of course .
Monty Hall , the game show host , examines the other doors ( B & C ) and opens one with a goat .
( If both doors have goats , he picks randomly . )
Here ’s the game :
Do you stick with door A ( original guess ) or switch to the unopened door ?
Does it matter ?
Surprisingly , the odds are n’t 50 - 50 .
If you switch doors you ’ll win 2/3 of the time !
Today let ’s get an intuition for why a simple game could be so baffling .
The game is really about re-evaluating your decisions as new information emerges .
Play the game
You ’re probably muttering that two doors mean it ’s a 50 - 50 chance .
Ok bub , let ’s play the game :
Try playing the game 50 times , using a “ pick and hold ” strategy .
Just pick door 1 ( or 2 , or 3 ) and keep clicking .
Click click click .
Look at your percent win rate .
You ’ll see it settle around 1/3 .
Now reset and play it 20 times , using a “ pick and switch ” approach .
Pick a door , Monty reveals a goat ( grey door ) , and you switch to the other .
Look at your win rate .
Is it above 50 % Is it closer to 60 % ?
To 66 % ?
There ’s a chance the stay - and - hold strategy does decent on a small number of trials ( under 20 or so ) .
If you had a coin , how many flips would you need to convince yourself it was fair ?
You might get 2 heads in a row and think it was rigged .
Just play the game a few dozen times to even it out and reduce the noise .
Understanding Why Switching Works
That ’s the hard ( but convincing ) way of realizing switching works .
Here ’s an easier way :
If I pick a door and hold , I have a 1/3 chance of winning .
My first guess is 1 in 3 — there are 3 random options , right ?
If I rigidly stick with my first choice no matter what , I ca n’t improve my chances .
Monty could add 50 doors , blow the other ones up , do a voodoo rain dance — it does n’t matter .
The best I can do with my original choice is 1 in 3 .
The other door must have the rest of the chances , or 2/3 .
The explanation may make sense , but does n’t explain why the odds “ get better ” on the other side .
( Several readers have left their own explanations in the comments — try them out if the 1/3 stay vs 2/3 switch does n’t click ) .
Understanding The Game Filter
Let ’s see why removing doors makes switching attractive .
Instead of the regular game , imagine this variant :
There are 100 doors to pick from in the beginning
You pick one door
Monty looks at the 99 others , finds the goats , and opens all but 1
Do you stick with your original door ( 1/100 ) , or the other door , which was filtered from 99 ?
( Try this in the simulator game ; use 10 doors instead of 100 ) .
It ’s a bit clearer : Monty is taking a set of 99 choices and improving them by removing 98 goats .
When he ’s done , he has the top door out of 99 for you to pick .
Your decision :
Do you want a random door out of 100 ( initial guess ) or the best door out of 99 ?
Said another way , do you want 1 random chance or the best of 99 random chances ?
We ’re starting to see why Monty ’s actions help us .
He ’s letting us choose between a generic , random choice and a curated , filtered choice .
Filtered is better .
But … but … should n’t two choices mean a 50 - 50 chance ?
Overcoming Our Misconceptions
Assuming that “ two choices means 50 - 50 chances ” is our biggest hurdle .
Yes , two choices are equally likely when you know nothing about either choice .
If I picked two random Japanese pitchers and asked “ Who is ranked higher ? ” you ’d have no guess .
You pick the name that sounds cooler , and 50 - 50 is the best you can do .
You know nothing about the situation .
Now , let ’s say Pitcher A is a rookie , never been tested , and Pitcher B won the “ Most Valuable Player ” award the last 10 years in a row .
Would this change your guess ?
Sure thing : you ’ll pick Pitcher B ( with near - certainty ) .
Your uninformed friend would still call it a 50 - 50 situation .
Information matters .
The more you know …
Here ’s the general idea :
The more you know , the better your decision .
With the Japanese baseball players , you know more than your friend and have better chances .
Yes , yes , there ’s a chance the new rookie is the best player in the league , but we ’re talking probabilities here .
The more you test the old standard , the less likely the new choice beats it .
This is what happens with the 100 door game .
Your first pick is a random door ( 1/100 ) and your other choice is the champion that beat out 99 other doors ( aka the MVP of the league ) .
The odds are the champ is better than the new door , too .
Visualizing the probability cloud
Here ’s how I visualize the filtering process .
At the start , every door has an equal chance — I imagine a pale green cloud , evenly distributed among all the doors .
As Monty starts removing the bad candidates ( in the 99 you did n’t pick ) , he “ pushes ” the cloud away from the bad doors to the good ones on that side .
On and on it goes — and the remaining doors get a brighter green cloud .
After all the filtering , there ’s your original door ( still with a pale green cloud ) and the “ Champ Door ” glowing nuclear green , containing the probabilities of the 98 doors .
Here ’s the key : Monty does not try to improve your door !
He is purposefully not examining your door and trying to get rid of the goats there .
No , he is only “ pulling the weeds ” out of the neighbor ’s lawn , not yours .
Generalizing the game
The general principle is to re-evaluate probabilities as new information is added .
For example :
A Bayesian Filter improves as it gets more information about whether messages are spam or not .
You do n’t want to stay static with your initial training set of data .
Evaluating theories .
Without any evidence , two theories are equally likely .
As you gather additional evidence ( and run more trials ) you can increase your confidence interval that theory A or B is correct .
One aspect of statistics is determining “ how much ” information is needed to have confiidence in a theory .
These are general cases , but the message is clear : more information means you re-evaluate your choices .
The fatal flaw of the Monty Hall paradox is not taking Monty ’s filtering into account , thinking the chances are the same before and after he filters the other doors .
Summary
Here ’s the key points to understanding the Monty Hall puzzle :
Two choices are 50 - 50 when you know nothing about them
Monty helps us by “ filtering ” the bad choices on the other side .
It ’s a choice of a random guess and the “ Champ door ” that ’s the best on the other side .
In general , more information means you re-evaluate your choices .
The fatal flaw in the Monty Hall paradox is not taking Monty ’s filtering into account , thinking the chances are the same before and after .
But the goal is n’t to understand this puzzle — it ’s to realize how subsequent actions & information challenge previous decisions .
Happy math .
Appendix
Let ’s think about other scenarios to cement our understanding :
Your buddy makes a guess
Suppose your friend walks into the game after you ’ve picked a door and Monty has revealed a goat — but he does n’t know the reasoning that Monty used .
He sees two doors and is told to pick one : he has a 50 - 50 chance !
He does n’t know why one door or the other should be better ( but you do ) .
The main confusion is that we think we ’re like our buddy — we forget ( or do n’t realize ) the impact of Monty ’s filtering .
Monty goes wild
Monty reveals the goat , and then has a seizure .
He closes the door and mixes all the prizes , including your door .
Does switching help ?
No .
Monty started to filter but never completed it — you have 3 random choices , just like in the beginning .
Multiple Monty
Monty gives you 6 doors : you pick 1 , and he divides the 5 others into a group of 2 and 3 .
He then removes goats until each group has 1 door remaining .
What do you switch to ?
The group that originally had 3 .
It has 3 doors “ collapsed ” into 1 , for 3/6 = 50 % chance .
Your original guess has 1/6 ( 16 % ) , and the group that had 2 has a 2/6 = 33 % of being right .
Join Over 450k Monthly Readers Enjoy the article ?
There 's plenty more to help you build a lasting , intuitive understanding of math .
Join the newsletter for bonus content and the latest updates .
Other Posts In This Series
Russia Today
August 28 , 2009
Journalist Wayne Madsen tells Russia today scientists involved in creating previous vaccinations are telling family and friends not to take the H1N1 vaccine .
Madsen also warns that the government may make the vaccination mandatory .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Recent Posts
Steps To Take To File For Restraining Orders " Emergency Restraining Orders Abuse and violence do not adhere to nicely packaged schedules .
Many times when someone is in need of the immediate protection a restraining order provides , the courts are closed .
This could be on a weekend , during a holiday , or after hours .
Fortunately , the state of New Jersey has provided a way for [ … ] "
" Emergency Restraining Orders Abuse and violence do not adhere to nicely packaged schedules .
Many times when someone is in need of the immediate protection a restraining order provides , the courts are closed .
This could be on a weekend , during a holiday , or after hours .
Fortunately , the state of New Jersey has provided a way for [ … ] "
Dealing With Uninsured Drivers
" “ There are worse things in life than death .
Have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman ? ”
Woody Allen
In New Jersey , the rate of uninsured motorists is said to be about 11 % , despite attempts by state lawmakers to reduce those numbers .
New Jersey is also one of the most expensive places to try [ … ] "
" “ There are worse things in life than death .
Have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman ? ”
Woody Allen
In New Jersey , the rate of uninsured motorists is said to be about 11 % , despite attempts by state lawmakers to reduce those numbers .
New Jersey is also one of the most expensive places to try [ … ] "
Determinants That Affect Who Keeps The Children " “ Kids spell love ‘T - I - M - E ’ . ” John Crudele How New Jersey Courts See Custody
While there are several good synonyms of the word “ custody ” that connote the financial , legal , and protective responsibilities such as “ guardianship ” , the definition that best articulates the aim of custody is “ care ” .
New Jersey courts see the goal of custody hearing as determining [ … ] "
" “ Kids spell love ‘T - I - M - E ’ . ” John Crudele How New Jersey Courts See Custody
While there are several good synonyms of the word “ custody ” that connote the financial , legal , and protective responsibilities such as “ guardianship ” , the definition that best articulates the aim of custody is “ care ” .
New Jersey courts see the goal of custody hearing as determining [ … ] "
The Benefits Of Divorce Mediation " “ You ca n’t always get what you want ;
You ca n’t always get what you want ;
You ca n’t always get what you want , But if you try sometimes
Well you might find what you need . ”
Mick Jagger & Keith Richards , The Rolling Stones Divorce can be expensive .
Especially when emotions get out of control and adversarial [ … ] "
" “ You ca n’t always get what you want ;
You ca n’t always get what you want ;
You ca n’t always get what you want , But if you try sometimes
Well you might find what you need . ”
Mick Jagger & Keith Richards , The Rolling Stones Divorce can be expensive .
Especially when emotions get out of control and adversarial [ … ] "
OTTAWA – Health Minister Leona Aglukkaq has apologized for the delivery of body bags to native communities as part of H1N1 flu preparations and has launched a full inquiry into how the " offensive " error was made .
" What happened is unacceptable .
It was insensitive and offensive , " Aglukkaq said in a statement issued this morning .
" As Minister of Health and as an aboriginal I am offended .
To all who took offence at what occurred , I want to say that I share your concern and I pledge to get to the bottom of it .
I have ordered my Deputy Minister to conduct a thorough and immediate inquiry into the situation . "
Aglukkaq said she will make the result of the inquiry public .
Her comments came shortly after Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff called on her to apologize this morning .
" What 's required is a simple , frank and human apology to Canadians .
This just is n't good enough , " Ignatieff told reporters .
Lillian Dyck , a senator and first nations ' member from Saskatchewan , said she was " in a state of shock " when she learned yesterday that body bags had been shipped by the Health Department to aboriginal communities in Manitoba .
" It 's like someone had taken a knife and driven it into my heart , " she said .
" As a woman , how would you feel if you were worried about being infected with H1N1 and what you were sent was a body bag , indicating that your family was going to die ? "
Dyck said .
Aglukkaq , in her statement , warned against critics trying to " sensationalize " the mistake .
" I was born and raised in remote communities and I understand the challenges better then anyone - that 's why I have met frequently with First Nations organizations .
Anyone suggesting that our Government 's solution to H1N1 is body bags is sensationalizing this situation . "
The federal Health Department has issued an apology and a clarification amid the furor over body - bag shipments to native communities preparing for the H1N1 flu virus .
The body bags were shipped to Manitoba 's remote aboriginal communities , according to Health Canada , as part of orderly restocking of medical supplies to remote areas -- and not because of any direct connection with pandemic preparation .
" Health Canada apologizes for the error that was made in the number of body bags that were ordered for the Wasagamack First Nations .
We regret the alarm that this incident has caused , " the department said in a statement issued this afternoon .
" Health Canada delivers services in remote areas through Nursing Stations .
We routinely stock commonly required medical materials such as personal protective equipment , pharmaceuticals and other medical supplies such as body bags , " the statement says .
Noting that the stock is replenished on an " as - needed basis , " the statement went on to explain that medical supplies are shippedwell in advance to remote locations because they can often be unreachable during winter months .
" It is unfortunate that this has been linked exclusively with H1N1 .
Whether it's a nursing station in a remote First Nations community in northern Manitoba , or a hospital in downtown Vancouver , supplies are constantly being re-stocked to prepare for unknown and unforeseen events , whether it be a plane crash , environmental disaster or pandemic , " the statement says .
Health Canada also hastened tooffer assurances that the number of body bags does not reflect any scientific evidence or predictions about potential H1N1 fatalities in aboriginal communities .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" Again , Health Canada apologises .
We all regret the alarm caused by the stocking of this particular item .
It is important to remember that our nurses are focused entirely on providing primary health care services under often - trying circumstances .
We value the excellent work they perform , " the statement says .
The Health Minister is in Manitoba today , meeting with provincial health ministers .
Yesterday , her department issued a list of " priority " groups to get the H1N1 vaccine .
Read more about :
Me : “ Thank you for calling [ Wireless Service Provider ] ’s Financial Services Department .
May I have your mobile number , please ? ”
Caller : “ I am calling to complain that I have not been receiving payment return envelopes with my statements each month . ”
Me : “ No problem , sir .
Let me get your mobile number so I can pull up your account and see what ’s going on . ”
Caller : * gives account number *
Me : “ Okay , just give me a minute to look through the account and see what ’s going on . ”
( Looking through his payment history , I notice he ’s been paying $ 60 a month for a $ 20 a month plan for nearly two years .
As a result , he has over $ 1,000 in credit on his account . )
Me : “ Okay , sir , thanks for holding .
It looks like the reason we have n’t been sending you envelopes is because you have n’t owed us any money for the past two years or so . ”
Caller : “ But I ’ve been using the service !
How do I not owe you any money ? ”
Me : “ Well , your bill is only about 20 dollars a month and you ’ve been consistently overpaying each month . ”
Caller : “ Yes , I know !
I have money now and what if one day I do n’t ?
I want to be able to have my cell phone !
I NEED envelopes !
Can you send me some right away ? ”
Me : “ Sir , basically you could not pay your cell phone bill for about the next several years and not have to worry about it .
Why not let some of that balance wear down ?
You ’ve really been paying way too much ! ”
Caller : “ But I need more envelopes !
I do n’t know why you ca n’t just send me some ! ”
Me : “ Sir , it ’s all done in a warehouse .
We do n’t actually have stacks of letters laying around our office .
Since the company is n’t sending you envelopes , why not just go purchase some from a store ? ”
Caller : “ No , I ca n’t do that ! ”
Me : “ Okay , I ’ll take care of this for you … ”
( I end the call , hunt down a few generic non-labeled envelopes from the supply cabinet , and mail them to the customer .
I check back on his account a few days later and he had called in to thank us for sending him the envelopes ! )
Un presunto jefe de Los Zetas , grupo armado del cartel mexicano del Golfo , ha sido detenido en posesión de una carpeta con 4.000 recibos de pago de supuestos pistoleros , ha informado hoy la Secretaría de la Defensa Nacional ( Sedena ) .
El Ejército ha capturado en Apodaca , municipio de la zona metropolitana de la ciudad de Monterrey , a Carlos Adrián Martínez Muñiz , alias El Borrado , considerado el segundo al mando de Los Zetas en la región , ha precisado la Sedena en un comunicado .
El presunto jefe de sicarios tenía sobres con registros de depósitos de pago bancario a más de 4.000 personas , presuntos sicarios distribuidos por todo México .
Martínez fue detenido con " 143 carpetas con leyendas de diversos Estados y municipios , conteniendo cada una de ellas entre 30 y 50 sobres " , añadió el ejército .
Según fuentes de la investigación , en el interior de cada sobre había fichas individuales de depósitos a nombre de diferentes personas , presuntamente pistoleros en nómina del crimen organizado .
Las fuentes añadieron que los depósitos iban dirigidos a personas residentes en Estados repartidos por todo el país como Nayarit , Oaxaca , Durango , Zacatecas , Coahuila , Campeche , Tamaulipas y Nuevo León , entre otras entidades .
El presunto jefe de sicarios fue detenido en una calle de Monterrey , capital de Nuevo León , cuando se encontraba en el interior de su vehículo , que no tenía matrículas .
Además , le fueron confiscados 24 gramos de cocaína en piedra , 37 gramos de cocaína en polvo , un arma larga , dos cargadores y 52 cartuchos .
Do n’t Wait Any Longer – Start Building Your Defense Today !
Our criminal defense attorneys hold over 100 years of combined experience and know - how to prepare a strong case that will stand up in trial before a judge and jury .
Our reputation as an aggressive law firm means that we are often able to negotiate favorable results for our clients .
Our insight into the strategies of the prosecutor ’s office and law enforcement agencies allows us to give you an honest evaluation of your case so that you will know your options from the start .
If convicted , criminal charges can be devastating to your future .
We will use our experience as former prosecutors and public defenders to exploit any loopholes , to attack soft spots in their case , and to aggressively fight for you throughout every step of the process so that you get the second chance you deserve .
Why You Need an Experienced Criminal Defense Lawyer
Many people wrongfully assume that there is no way for them to benefit from acquiring private representation .
Instead , they settle for the services of a public defender and while they have the best intentions , the immensity of their workload makes it extremely tasking to provide each defendant with the attention he or she deserves .
This often results in certain areas of defense going unexplored that could have resulted in your freedom .
Experienced criminal defense lawyer William Umansky has built a knowledgeable and passionate team of legal professionals who he is proud to work with .
No matter if this is your first run-in with the law or you have a lengthy criminal history , our team of criminal attorneys can implement proven and effective defense strategies to settle your legal issues on the most favorable terms .
K Street looks like a winner if healthcare reform reaches President Barack Obama Barack Hussein Obama
It 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach Obama steps into The Shade Room to urge ' roommates ' to vote , says White House ' working to keep people from voting ' MORE ’s desk .
Even though more than one lobbyist described healthcare reform as once - in - a - generation legislation , lobbyists speaking on background predicted a busy 2010 and beyond .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Every bill we ’ve passed in the last 10 years we call ‘ The Lobbyist Full - Employment Act , ’ ” one lobbyist quipped .
“ Healthcare ’s never going away . ”
If healthcare reform passes , lobbyists for healthcare industries will be plenty busy trying to influence the implementation of the bill , both in Congress and in the Obama administration .
Sectors targeted for cuts in the bill will immediately begin trying to claw back the money they stand to lose .
And lobbyists representing smaller interests will try to band together to get their perennial issues handled .
“ If we were to pass this bad boy , we ’re going to be working on this thing for 10 years solid , ” a healthcare lobbyist said .
“ There ’s going to be one mother of a fix - it bill before 2013 .
“ Good God , think about the business that would be generated by this thing , ” the lobbyist said .
This year ’s effort to overhaul the entire U.S. healthcare system has generated an enormous amount of lobbying from every player in the sector , the predictable result being a probable record year for healthcare lobbying revenue .
Through the end of July , interest groups had spent $ 263.6 million lobbying on healthcare , compared to the record $ 485.4 million from all of last year , according to data from the Center for Responsive Politics .
The 2009 figure will balloon during the second half of 2009 as legislative activity reaches a fever pitch .
To be sure , even the most optimistic lobbyists do not expect anything to match the magnitude of this year ’s healthcare reform battle .
“ Nothing could be this intense , ” another lobbyist remarked .
“ It will diminish somewhat because this is a once - in - a - generation bill .
It wo n’t be as intense next year , but there wo n’t be a dearth of legislative activity , ” the K Streeter said .
“ If nothing else , there ’ll be all these guys doing stuff on rules and regulation . ”
History suggests that lobbyists who expect the cash to keep flowing are on to something .
Over the past decade or so , Congress has passed a handful of major healthcare bills .
Each led to follow - up legislation that may not have attracted the public interest but definitely attracted lobbyists to Capitol Hill .
In 1997 , Congress slashed Medicare spending as part of the Balanced Budget Act .
But much of those cuts never took place as lobbyists for healthcare interests persuaded Congress it had gone too far .
The results were bills passed in 1999 and 2000 to give some of that money back .
“ Givebacks ” were part of the Medicare Modernization Act that created the Part D prescription drug benefit and expanded the private Medicare Advantage program in 2003 as well .
In turn , the launch of Part D and the growth of Medicare Advantage produced a flurry of lobbying once they were implemented .
When Democrats took control of Congress in 2007 , healthcare lobbyists turned to defending favored programs from cuts and working to inflate or defend their slice of the federal pie through bills such as this year ’s expansion of the Children ’s Health Insurance Program
That pattern can only repeat itself when it comes to the budget cuts that make up a big part of healthcare reform , one lobbyist predicted .
“ All these supposed savings in this bill — a lot of those are going to be deferred . ”
And because 2010 is an election year , this lobbyist remarked , lawmakers will be attentive to influential , moneyed special interests in their districts and states .
The current debate on preventing cuts to physicians who treat Medicare patients also underscores how healthcare seems to provide nearly limitless opportunities for healthcare lobbyists .
Congress has been unable or unwilling to find ways to cover the ever - increasing cost of fixing this problem — now pegged at $ 247 billion over 10 years — so lawmakers enacted a series of short - term fixes .
The physician lobby has had little choice but to make the annual “ doc fix ” its No. 1 priority .
Next year , doctors would get a 21 percent cut without Congress ’s help .
ADVERTISEMENT
But it ’s not just physician groups that have to work hard when Medicare legislation looms .
Representatives of hospitals and other providers must lobby hard to protect their own payments from lawmakers hungry for budgetary offsets .
In addition , lower - profile issues always need addressing , such as extending special payments for rural hospitals or preventing unwanted cuts in physical therapy benefits .
Without a big legislative vehicle like healthcare reform , the Medicare prescription drug benefit or the Balanced Budget Act , healthcare lobbyists will have to get more creative .
“ When there ’s not some sort of overarching , key issue , ” a lobbyist explained , “ all these provisions end up being a large kind of Medicare bill unto themselves .
By now , it 's no secret that social networks ( or really any websites ) are sharing some of your usage data with advertising partners in order to provide more targeted ads .
Most of the time , this data gets anonymized when it gets passed on so that there 's no personally identifiable information attached to your browsing history .
Or does it ?
I turns out that some social networks — including the majors that we all know and love — have an interesting definition of " anonymous , " essentially making it possible for lots of personally identifiable information to be exposed in connection to browsing habits .
Facebook , MySpace , LinkedIn , Digg , and LiveJournal ( among others ) are all guilty of " leaking " personally identifiable information ( PII ) to partners , according to a recent study by Worcester Polytechnic Institute researcher Craig E. Wills and AT&T Labs ' Balachander Krishnamurthy .
A " leakage , " by the study 's definition , is the opportunity for a third party to link the information they get from the social networks ( either in the form of logs or browser cookies ) to someone 's PII — your name , phone number , and dog 's favorite treat are n't passed on directly , but can easily be pieced together .
How is that possible ?
Not through your name , but through your profile 's unique identifier , which is apparently included in the data given advertisers from most social networks .
" We found that when social networking sites pass information to tracking sites about your activities , they often include this unique identifier .
So now a tracking site not only has a profile of your Web browsing activities , it can link that profile to the personal information you post on the social networking site , " Wills said .
" Now your browsing profile is not just of somebody , it is of you . "
Through an examination of the 12 social networks they included in the study , Wills and Krishnamurthy found that a personal photo , location , gender , and name were almost always available to those who have a unique profile identifier on hand .
Further , a list of friends , activities , other photo sets , age , schools , employers , and location are available by default from most networks .
( Just imagine if you had clicked on a number of Cialis and Viagra ads from MySpace , only to have those ad people go back and find out what you look like , where you work , who your friends are , and what you like to do for fun ? )
Only things like a zip code , phone number , and e-mail address were usually unavailable by default .
The researchers note that there are reasons why this should be a concern — aside from mere embarrassment .
Not only can this information , when linked directly to you , constitute an invasion of privacy , it can also affect very real parts of your life .
" Tracking sites do n't have the ability to know if , for example , a site about cancer was visited out of curiosity , or because the user actually has cancer , " Willis warned .
" Profiling is worrisome on its own , but inaccurate profiling could potentially lead to issues with employment , health care coverage , or other areas of our personal lives . "
This is not to say that third parties are actually doing anything with the unique identifiers they are receiving , but the door is wide open for abuse .
We attempted to contact several social networks for comment , but did not hear back by publication time — it seems the only thing users can do to protect themselves right now is lock down as much information as possible .
Still , the researchers noted that the easiest way to prevent this kind of data leakage is for the social networks themselves to stop passing on unique identifiers , whether accidental or not .
Update : Facebook spokesperson Simon Axten responded to the paper by reiterating that Facebook has granular privacy controls that allow people to decide how much information is public .
" This means that anyone who does n’t match those criteria ca n’t access it , regardless of whether he or she knows the person ’s identifier .
Given this , even if a site could link a URI , referrer , or cookie to a specific user , it would only be able to access information that the person had made public .
While we do n’t believe there ’s any danger here , we take all reported privacy issues seriously and are investigating further to determine what , if any changes , we can make , " Axten told Ars .
Further reading :
I will sing a song of battle
Planned in days long past and over .
Men of skill and science set it
On a plain of eight divisions ,
And designed in squares all chequered .
Two camps face each one the other ,
And the kings stand by for battle ,
And twixt these two is the fighting .
Bent on war the face of each is ,
Ever moving or encamping ,
Yet no swords are drawn in warfare ,
For a war of thoughts their war is .
They are known by signs and tokens
Sealed and written on their bodies ;
And a man who sees them thinketh ,
Edomites and Ethiopians
Are these two that fight together .
And the Ethiopian forces
Overspread the field of battle ,
And the Edomites pursue them .
First in battle the foot - soldier
Comes to fight upon the highway ,
Ever marching straight before him ,
But to capture moving sideways ,
Straying not from off his pathway ,
Neither do his steps go backwards ;
He may leap at the beginning
Anywhere within three chequers .
Should he take his steps in battle
Far away unto the eighth row ,
Then a Queen to all appearance
He becomes and fights as she does .
And the Queen directs her moving
As she will to any quarter .
Backs the elephant or advances ,
Stands aside as ' twere an ambush ;
As the Queen 's way , so is his way ,
But o'er him she hath advantage ,
He stands only in the third rank .
Swift the horse is in the battle ,
Moving on a crooked pathway ;
Ways of his are ever crooked ;
Mid the Squares , three form his limit .
Straight the Wind moves o'er the war - path
In the field across or lengthwise ;
Ways of crookedness he seeks not ,
But straight paths without perverseness .
Turning every way the King goes ,
Giving aid unto his subjects ;
In his actions he is cautious ,
Whether fighting or encamping .
If his foe come to dismay him ,
From his place he flees in terror ,
Or the Wind can give him refuge .
Sometimes he must flee before him ;
Multitudes at times support him ;
And all slaughter each the other ,
Wasting with great wrath each other .
Mighty men of both the sovereigns
Slaughtered fall , with yet no bloodshed .
Ethiopia sometimes triumphs ,
Edom flees away before her ;
Now victorious is Edom ;
Ethiopia and her sovereign
Are destroyed in battle .
Should a king in the destruction
Fall within the foeman 's power ,
He is never granted mercy ,
Neither refuge nor deliv'rance ,
Nor a flight to refuge - city .
Judged by foes , and lacking rescue ,
Though not slain he is checkmated .
Hosts about him all are slaughtered ,
Giving life for his deliverance .
Quenched and vanished is their glory ,
For they see their lord is smitten ;
Yet they fight again this battle ,
For in death is resurrection .
Have you ever wondered aloud why cowboys are n't called " horseboys , " given the animal they prefer to ride ?
If so , you 're probably a rural stand - up comedian working the ranch circuit .
Howdy , and good luck with that .
Meanwhile , the Something Awful Forum Goons have started sticking cowboys on just about anything a fella can straddle .
Theme - starter dpack_1 forces all future contributors to follow his slimy , gelatinous trail .
Plisk walks without rhythm into a world where the unexpected , the unknown , and the unbelievable meet .
Shark Week recently ended on the Discovery Channel , but just when you thought it was safe , apsouthern strikes .
broadwayLamb knows the only thing more EXTREME than being a skydiver is being a skydiver - rider .
I ’ve had plenty of time to reflect on the state of server side Java , technology , and life in general this week .
The reason for all this extra ‘ quality ’ time was because I was stuck in an endless loop waiting for maven to do its thing , me observing it failed in subtly different ways , tweaking some more , and hitting arrow up + enter ( repeat last command ) and fiddling my thumbs for two more minutes .
This is about as tedious as it sounds .
Never mind the actual problem , I fixed it eventually .
But the key thing to remember here is that I lost a week of my life on stupid book keeping .
On to my observations :
I have more xml in my maven pom files than I ever had with my ant build.xml files four years ago , including running unit tests , static code checkers , packaging jars & installers , etc .
While maven does a lot of things when I do n’t need them to happen , it seems to have an uncanny ability to not do what I want when I need it to or to first do things that are arguably redundant and time consuming .
Maven documentation is fragmented over wikis , javadoc of diverse plugins , forum posts , etc .
Google can barely make sense of it .
Neither can I . Seriously , I do n’t care about your particular ideology regarding elegance : just tell me how the fuck I set parameter foo on plugin bar and what its god damn default is and what other parameters I might be interested in exist .
For something that is supposed to save me time , I sure as hell am wasting a shit load of time on making it do what I want and watching it do what it does ( or not ) , and fixing the way it works .
I had no idea compiling & packaging less than 30 . java files could be so slow .
Few people around me dare to touch pom files .
It ’s like magic and I hate magicians myself .
When it does n’t work they look at me to fix it .
I ’ve been there before and it was called ant .
Maven just moved the problem and did n’t solve a single problem I had five years ago while doing the exact same shit with ant .
Nor did it make it any easier .
Maven compiling , testing , packaging and deploying defeats the purpose of having incremental compilation and dynamic class ( re) loading .
It ’s just insane how all this application server deployment shit throws you back right to the nineteen seventies .
Edit , compile , test , integration - test , package , deploy , restart server , debug .
Technically it is possible to do just edit , debug .
Maven is part of the problem here , not of the solution .
It actually insists on this order of things ( euphemistically referred to as a life cycle ) and makes you jump through hoops to get your work done in something resembling real time .
9 out of 10 times when maven enters the unit + integration - test phase , I did not actually modify any code .
Technically , that ’s just a waste of time ( which my employer gets to pay for ) .
Maven is not capable of remembering the history of what you did and what has changed since the last time you ran it so like any bureaucrat it basically does maximum damage to compensate for its ignorance .
Life used to be simple with a source dir , an editor , a directory of jars and an incremental compiler .
Back in 1997 , java recompiles took me under 2 seconds on a 486 , windows NT 3.51 machine with ‘ only ’ 32 MB , ultra edit , an IBM incremental java compiler , and a handful of 5 line batch files .
Things have gotten slower , more tedious , and definitely not faster since then .
It ’s not like I have much more lines of code around these days .
Sure , I have plenty of dependencies .
But those are run -time resolved , just like in 1997 , and are a non issue at compile time .
However , I ca n’t just run my code but I have to first download the world , wrap things up in a jar or war , copy it to some other location , launch some application server , etc. before I am in a position to even see if I need to switch back to my editor to fix some minor detail .
Your deployment environment requires you to understand the ins and outs of how where stuff needs to be deployed , what directory structures need to be there , etc .
Basically if you do n’t understand this , writing pom files is going to be hard .
If you do understand all this , pom files wo n’t save you much time and will be tedious instead .
You ’d be able to write your own bash scripts , .bat files or ant files to achieve the same goals .
Really , there ’s only so many ways you can zip a directory into a . jar or .war file and copy them over from A to B .
Maven is brittle as hell .
Few people on your project will understand how to modify a pom file .
So they do what they always do , which is copy paste bits and pieces that are known to more or less do what is needed elsewhere .
The result is maven hell .
You ’ll be stuck with no longer needed dependencies , plugins that nobody has a clue about , redundant profiles for phases that are never executed , half broken profiles for stuff that is actually needed , random test failures .
It ’s ugly .
It took me a week to sort out the stinking mess in the project I joined a month ago .
I still do n’t like how it works .
Pom.xml is the new build.xml , nobody gives a shit about what is inside these files and people will happily copy paste fragments until things work well enough for them to move on with their lives .
Change one tiny fragment and all hell will break loose because it kicks the shit out of all those wrong assumptions embedded in the pom file .
Enough whining , now on to the solutions .
Dependency management is a good idea .
However , your build file is the wrong place to express those .
OSGI gets this somewhat right , except it still externalizes dependency configuration from the language .
Obviously , the solution is to integrate the component model into the language : using something must somehow imply depending on something .
Possibly , the specific version of what you depend on is something that you might centrally configure but beyond that : automate the shit out of it , please .
Any given component or class should be self describing .
Build tools should be able to figure out the dependencies without us writing them down .
How hard can it be ?
That means some none existing language to supersede the existing ones needs to come in existence .
No language I know of gets this right .
Compilation and packaging are outdated ideas .
Basically , the application server is the run-time of your code .
Why does n’t it just take your source code , derive its dependencies and runs it ?
Every step in between editing and running your code is a potential to introduce mistakes & bugs .
Shortening the distance between editor and run-time is good .
Compilation is just an optimization .
Sure , it ’s probably a good idea for the server to cache the results somewhere .
But do n’t bother us with having to spoon feed it stupid binaries in some weird zip file format .
One of the reasons scripting languages are so popular is because it reduces the above mentioned cycle to edit , F5 , debug .
There ’s no technical reason whatsoever why this would not be possible with statically compiled languages like java .
Ideally , I would just tell the application server the url of the source repository , give it the necessary credentials and I would just be alt tabbing between my browser and my editor .
Everything in between that is stupid work that needs to be automated away .
The file system has n’t evolved since the nineteen seventies .
At the intellectual level , you modify a class or lambda function or whatever and that changes some behavior in your program , which you then verify .
That ’s the conceptual level .
In practice you have to worry about how code gets translated into binary ( or asciii ) blobs on the file system , how to transfer those blobs to some repository ( svn , git , whatever ) , then how to transfer them from wherever they are to wherever they need to be , and how they get picked up by your run-time environment .
Eh , that ’s just stupid book keeping , can I please have some more modern content management here ( version management , rollback , auditing , etc. ) ?
Visual age actually got this ( partially ) right before it mutated into eclipse : software projects are just databases .
There ’s no need for software to exist as text files other than nineteen seventies based tool chains .
Automated unit , integration and system testing are good ideas .
However , squeezing them in between your run-time and your editor is just counter productive .
Deploy first , test afterwards , automate & optimize everything in between to take the absolute minimum of time .
Inserting automated tests between editing and manual testing is a particularly bad idea .
Essentially , it just adds time to your edit debug cycle .
XML files are just a fucking tree structures serialized in a particularly tedious way .
Pom files are basically arbitrary , schema less xml tree - structures .
It ’s fine for machine readable data but editing it manually is just a bad idea .
The less xml in my projects , the happier I get .
The less I need to worry about transforming tree structures into object trees , the happier I get .
In short , lets get rid of this shit .
Basically the contents of my pom files is everything my programming language could not express .
So we need more expressive programming languages , not entirely new ones to complement the existing ones .
XML dialects are just programming languages without all of the conveniences of a proper IDE ( debuggers , code completion , validation , testing , etc. ) .
Ultimately , maven is just a stop gap .
And not even particularly good at what it does .
update 27 October 2009
Somebody produced a great study on how much time is spent on incremental builds with various build tools .
This stuff backs my key argument up really well .
The most startling out come :
Java developers spend 1.5 to 6.5 work weeks a year ( with an average of 3.8 work weeks , or 152 hours , annually ) waiting for builds , unless they are using Eclipse with compile - on - save .
I suspect that where I work , we ’re close to 6.5 weeks .
Oh yeah , they single out maven as the slowest option here :
It is clear from this chart that Ant and Maven take significantly more time than IDE builds .
Both take about 8 minutes an hour , which corresponds to 13 % of total development time .
There seems to be little difference between the two , perhaps because the projects where you have to use Ant or Maven for incremental builds are large and complex .
So anyone who still does n’t get what I ’m talking about here , build tools like maven are serious time wasters .
There exist tools out there that reduce this time to close to 0 .
I repeat , Pyhton Django = edit , F5 , edit F5 .
No build / restart time whatsoever .
' Rescue Ink's ' Big Men With Big Hearts for Pets Tough guys of Nat Geo's " Rescue Ink " go all out for pets .
See how you can help .
Sept. 22 , 2009  --
With scowls and tattoos abounding , a group of New York tough guys have dedicated themselves to the dirty yet adorable work of rescuing some of the cutest dogs and cats in the city .
In Nat Geo's new reality series " Rescue Ink , " eight men , some with violent pasts , fight for neglected , abandoned and abused animals .
They are " seeking redemption and solace in their mission to save animals from human abuse , " according to Nat Geo .
Click here to visit Rescue Ink's Web site .
Catch the series premiere on Sept. 25 , 2009 on the National Geographic Channel .
The boys had always supported rescue groups , but they banded together after they read a story about someone in their neighborhood tying a dog to a tree and setting it on fire .
" Right then and there we decided we were not going to let this happen again with anyone doing something about it , " Rescue Ink team member Joe Panz told " Good Morning America . "
The group says they go to calls other rescuers wo n't go to .
As member Big Ant explained it , some rescue organizations sneak in to take abused animals away from owners in the dead of night .
That 's not exactly Rescue Ink 's style .
" What we do is we go to the guy 's house , knock on the front door and confront the problem , " Big Ant said .
" We like to say we give him an education ...
We have all the time in the world to come back . "
Click here to see a slideshow of Rescue Ink at work .
Click here to read an excerpt of the " Rescue Ink " book .
For more information on adopting pets in your area , check out the Shelter Pet Project , a collaboration between the Ad Council , the Humane Society and Maddie 's Fund , where visitors can connect with shelter volunteers and meet some pets .
There are eight million pets in animal shelters around the country and about three million of them will end up euthanized , according to the Humane Society .
Maddie 's
Fund is the largest foundation in the world focused on saving shelter dogs and cats .
Professor Michael Clarke , director of Royal United Services Institute
The west has lacked a coherent international strategy since 2001 until last year so we have wasted seven years .
Before Barack Obama came in there were separate national strategies that did n't meld together ; now there is an American - led one taking a regional approach ( taking in Pakistan ) , a developmental approach and a reinvigorated military counter - insurgency campaign .
Whether it will work is another matter .
But there are not enough troops .
The west had 60,000 troops for Bosnia and 80,000 for Afghanistan , which is seven or eight times bigger than Bosnia .
There is a particularly urgent need for more Afghan troops .
The Afghan government is planning for 135,000 , 90,000 of which whom have been trained , but 150,000 are needed .
By the British government 's own strategy , the earliest that the Afghan army and police can take over most of the fighting will be 2015 , so there wo n't be a significant drawdown at least until then .
( Britain has about 9,000 troops in Afghanistan ) .
In terms of equipment , Britain has put into the field its best - equipped army ever .
The troops are not complaining about the equipment , but there is not enought of it and there is a critical shortage of helicopters .
As for talking to the Taliban , we 're already talking to them and there has been significant efforts in the last two years to reduce the core Taliban .
We can't do anything with the rejectionists but diplomats say there has been an effect from these negotiations .
The opinion polls are fairly consistent in showing that the Taliban has no more than 4 - 5 % of popular support .
Hamid Karzai 's government in theory should be viable - and there are some bright spots , particularly at the interior ministry - but in pratice he has not done enough to build a competent and representative government .
If he wins the election next month – and he should – the onus will be on him to prove he can put together a competent government .
Col Christopher Langton , senior fellow , International Institute for Strategic Studies
The ideas are there but the difficulty is matching these ideas with the right type of effort , the right equipment and right skills .
There is already a recognition of the lack of civilian capacity to help build Afghan institutions .
The military is trying to bring stability so that the more civilian - based campaign can take root .
You need the military campaign to succeed long enough for more long - term development and reconstruction to take hold .
The further operations go , the more success that is achieved at the tactical level , the more difficult it becomes to hold on to territory , so you need the flexibility that more troops give you to maintain momentum .
Otherwise you allow your opponents to regroup and come back at you .
The key thing is not to lose momentum , to suddenly reduce troop numbers in the face of combat .
We should keep troops deployed beyond the elections [ next month ] so that key strategic gains can be made .
The goals are achievable with many provisos , particularly if there are enough troops .
The commitment is one that is going to have to be open - ended .
We can't say we will get out on November 2 because then all the insurgents have to do is wait until then .
But the military campaign can't go on forever and we have to build politically on progress in Helmand and the positive effect of Pakistan 's military campaign .
I 'm encouraged by Pakistan 's total commitment to its operations against the Taliban on its territory .
My concern is not so much whether the Pakistani government will prevail in its tactical operations but whether the public will support it .
I 'm not optimistic or pessimistic .
I am realistic .
I do n't have the right to be pessimistic as most of the troops serving there are committed to their tasks .
We 've got to be a little bit more sober in our assessment .
This is not be finished tomorow and it is important not to send mixed signals as these will also be picked up by our adversaries .
Shukria Barakzai , Afghan MP and president Asia Women organisation
The strategy is not working at all because it is based on not what Afghans people need but on what foreign countries want .
But no one is listening to us .
War is not the way to achieve peace .
Military operations are not the only way to bring security .
Security wo n't come without development or job opportunities .
How long do we have to wait for security through bombs and bullets ?
To those who argue that development is not possible without security I say we had fewer troops in 2003 but more security then .
Now we have more troops and less security .
The focus should be on training Afghan troops and technical assistance .
I would love to see Afghans on the frontline .
We Afghans have to fight for our own country and for the values we believe in .
The offensive in Helmand will not bring positive results .
It is not the first one and will not be the last .
As for Hamid Karzai why do people think that Afghanistan equals Karzai .
After seven years we are stuck with the same old gang of players .
Once they spoke the rhetoric of holy war , now they talk about democracy .
The silent democratic majority is missing .
Rory Stewart , Ryan Family professor of the practice of human rights , Harvard University
Afghanistan 's political and strategic significance has been grossly exaggerated .
The idea that we are there so we do n't have to fight terrorists in Britain is absurd .
The terrorist cells and training camps are not in Afghanistan .
The people the Americans and British are fighting in Afghanistan are mostly local tribesmen resisting foreign forces .
Does al - Qaida still require large terrorist training camps to organise attacks ?
Could they not plan in Hamburg and train at flight schools in Florida ; or meet in Bradford and build morale on an adventure training course in Wales ?
Those who argue that we have the right strategy provided we have enough troops and equipment were saying not long ago that if we had only had 7,000 troops in Helmand instead of 5,000 , we could defeat the Taliban .
Then when we had 7,000 they said we needed 9,000 .
The demand for more troops is ever escalating .
As for the argument that security is a prerequisite for development , that has not turned out to be the case everywhere .
Where there is relative security , in the north and the centre , there has been very little development and what there has has come from the Afghans themselves .
The best Afghan policy would be to reduce the number of foreign troops from the current level of 90,000 to far fewer – perhaps 20,000 .
In that case , two distinct objectives would remain for the international community : development and counter - terrorism .
Neither would amount to the building of an Afghan state .
If the west believed it essential to exclude al - Qaida from Afghanistan , then they could do it with special forces .
( They have done it successfully since 2001 and could continue indefinitely , though the result has only been to move bin Laden across the border . )
At the same time the west should provide generous development assistance – not only to keep consent for the counter - terrorism operations , but as an end in itself .
It is impossible for Britain and its allies to build an Afghan state .
They have no clear picture of this promised ' state ' , and such a thing could come only from an Afghan national movement , not as a gift from foreigners .
Major General Julian Thompson ( retired ) , visiting professor King 's College
The strategy as I understand it is right , although it has n't been and there is lots of catching up to do .
I 'm not sure however , that we have the wherewithal in terms of troops and equipment .
We need to keep the troops off the roads and transport them by air with helicopters .
There is no vehicle built in the world that can withstand explosions .
Even tanks are vulnerable .
The message from the military is that there are not enough troops and there should be more .
The military want more troops and more resources but from the beginning the campaign has been onsistently underfunded and that has been a political decision .
During the Falklands war , Margaret Thatcher never had anybody from the exchequer in cabinet decisions on the war because she knew they would say no .
There should be no time frame on the Afghanistan operation .
That would be hopeless as that would be just giving hostage to fortune .
If there is a short deadline , all the enemy has to do is to wait you out .
As for Karzai , we 're stuck with him , we have to work with him , otherwise we take over the running of the place and I do n't think anyone wants that .
The idea that we could have a perfect government in Kabul is a pie in the sky hope .
There is quite a lot of public support for the war but the thing that bleeds public support is casualties , but you can't fight people without taking losses .
There has been a nasty spate of casualties but over a similar period in Northern Ireland there were twice as many .
Is this it ?
Is this the big one ?
Will we get to print that 10 % US unemployment rate this morning ?
9.9 % would probably be a safer bet , but be prepared !
Dealers live for these moments Ã¢â‚ ¬Â¦of anticlimaxes .
The best case scenario , get 9.9 % shut up shop and go home and watch the Irish waddle live on ESPN sports into their polling booths to put an X beside the Ã¢â‚ ¬ËœYesÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ for the Lisbon Treaty .
Where is the fun in that ?
If they put it beside the Ã¢â‚ ¬ËœNoÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ then Monday would be worth coming in for as we watch the EUR implode .
With respect to this morning NFP , consensus is looking for some further moderation in the pace of job losses last month ( - 216 k ) , which was the mildest in 12 - months !
My gut says to follow GoldmanÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s lead .
They revised their prediction down yesterday from - 200 k to - 250 k !
The US $ is weaker in the O/N trading session .
Currently it is higher against 9 of the 16 most actively traded currencies in a Ã¢â‚ ¬ ËœsubduedÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ trading range ahead of NFP .
Capital markets had a lot of data to chew through yesterday before traders could prepare for any surprises from this morning Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s employment report .
US consumer spending came in slightly stronger than expected , but analysts fear for a decline ahead .
We were delivered a better than consensus print for both income and consumption ( +0.2 % , m / m and +1.3 % ) .
Why ?
Temporary stimulus !
Despite the market already pricing in the cash - for - clunkers portion , analysts fear for Sept. Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s numbers , where spending has a good chance to plummet again .
Auto incentives and the likes have managed to temporarily push consumer savings ratio lower ( fell - 1 bp to +3 % ) .
Human psychology naturally would want to replenish householdÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s incomes , just on the sheer fact of future job insecurity .
Thus , reality dictates that all these incentives are creating a monthly and quarterly distortion .
ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s worth noting that personal consumption soared in Aug. to solidify the strongest monthly gain in 8 - years !
The main reason for the push higher in personal income may be attributed to UI benefits increasing + 4.4 % , m/m .
The PCE deflator declined less than expected on a y/y basis ( - 0.5 % ) as prices rose +0.3 % , m / m . Core - PCE also moderated at 1.3 % , y/y .
As expected and sign - posted by the Fed , inflation is not on anyoneÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s radar !
What surprises can we write about when US jobless claims continue to straddle a well defined range ?
They are treading water since improvements were registered at the beginning of the summer .
The disappointing part is that they continue to hover above that psychological sub 500k print ( - 551 k ) .
On the face of it , it looks like continuing claims are much stronger , but , one should not take the face value print ( +6.09 m vs. +6.16 m and the lowest print in 4 - months ) .
Why ?
Because continuing claims recipients eventually lose their benefits and go on emergency and then extended benefits .
True unemployment numbers follow the route of initial , continuous , emergency and then extended .
This report showed that emergency benefit recipients jumped by a staggering +100 k recipients , while extended benefit recipients advanced by +4.6 k .
There are now +10.4 m on some sort of jobless benefit !
Yesterday we saw that the US manufacturing sector continued to expand last month , but , at a slower pace and weaker than expectations ( 52.6 vs. 52.9 ) .
Not surprisingly the pace of production growth deteriorated after the cash - for - clunkers program expired .
On a positive note , the headline remains above a 50 reading , implying that a production led recovery remains intact for now .
Digging deeper , one notices that inventories continue to contract on drawdownÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s but at a slower pace m/m .
In the sub - categories , new orders dipped to 60.8 , but , still remained at the fastest pace of growth in 19 - months .
ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s also worth noting that new export orders eased slightly to 55.0 , however analysts believe that Ã¢â‚ ¬ ËœdomesticÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ new orders will continue to provide temporary support until all the incentives and stimulus packages lose their impact .
Employment remained around 46.0 .
LetÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s see what NFP has in store for us !
On the inflation front , the prices paid component remained above 60 but lower than the previous months .
WhatÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s up with pending home sales ?
Yesterdays guesstimate was as bad as Canadian analysts trying to predict the retail sales number !
No one was on the same playing field .
The pending home sales print blew everyone out of the water and advanced at the second fastest pace since 2001 ( +6.4 % vs. +1.0 % ) .
Of course , the million dollar question is , how many pending becomes existing home sales ?
We already have witnessed disappointing re-sale prints .
Is it because of the first time home buyers credit is coming to an end on Nov. 30th ?
And finally , residential construction spending surged + 4.2 % , this offsets the - 0.4 % drop in non-residential spending to record a small gain of +0.8 % in total construction spending .
The bulk of the increase was in home renovation building .
Home improvement is actually +46 % of total construction spending .
Private residential construction spending gained on single - family homes ( +4.5 % ) , but fell on multi-family homes ( - 4.5 % ) .
The USD $ is currently lower against the EUR +0.16 % , CHF +0.16 % , JPY +0.46 % and higher against GBP - 0.30 % .
The commodity currencies are mixed this morning , CAD - 0.35 % and AUD +0.03 % .
Analysts are two for two in missing recent Canadian fundamental expectations .
Last week , no - one was in the same ball park when trying to predict Canadian retail sales ( - 0.8 % vs. +1.1 % ) .
This week we had July Real GDP .
Consensus was expecting a positive headline of +0.8 % , instead we were fed a flat reading of +0.0 % , m / m .
With higher auto- production ( +17 % ) , it provided some support , but was not enough to offset the weakness in utilities , agriculture , mining , oil and gas extraction .
A number like this does not warrant the BOC to rush and hike rates anytime soon .
Depending on what the last 2 - months bring us , we could be setting up for a tepid 3rd Q GDP print .
The loonie ended down on the day , as stocks and crude fell on the back of reports showing that US manufacturing advanced at a slower pace last month .
Dealers spent most of yesterday cleaning up their positions ahead of US employment .
No big surprises here , the AUD managed to retreat from its 13 - month highs on the back of global bourses seeing red .
Technically , the relative value of the currency may have overshot its mark in the short term .
With equities expected to open the North American session under pressure , has persuaded investors to temporarily shy away from the higher yielding asset classes ( 0.8646 ) .
Crude is lower in the O/N session ( $ 69.87 down - 95 c ) .
Not much of a surprise to most of us that crude pared some of the previous dayÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s rally after weaker than expected US manufacturing data implies that their economy could stall .
It was also prudent for investors to book some profits ahead of this morning Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s data , especially after the USD has made a valiant attempt to break to the top side .
All this occurred despite the weekly EIA report recording a large gas drawdown .
The report revealed a - 1.6 m barrel drop in gas inventories , inline with the API print , but against analysts ’ expectations of an increase .
Over the past month , US gas demand is up +5 % and this after the end of the holiday driving season !
On the flip side , crude inventories happened to increase by +2.8 m barrels , w/w , vs. expectations of a +600 k rise .
Demand destruction remains , as the increase in distillate inventories was smaller than expected and posted monthly demand down - 9 % from this time last year .
In fact , a closer look tells us that the report remains mixed with a bias towards oil products , like heating oil and diesel , to remain weak .
With energy fundamentals remaining unconvincing , it would be a safe bet that the black stuff should be confined to its $ 10 range of $ 65 - $ 75 .
We can never rule out the political influence .
The threat of imposing greater sanction on Iran because of its nuclear program has heightened geo-political issues .
Technically oil prices are inflated , they are not supported by market fundamentals , but geo-politics will always keep the black - stuffs prices artificially higher .
Gold prices remain under pressure this morning , the first time all week as the greenback tentatively rebounded thus eroding the yellow metalÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s appeal as an alternative investment .
Geo-political tensions in the Middle East should provide support on deeper pullbacks ( $ 999 ) .
The Nikkei closed at 9,731 down - 246 .
The DAX index in Europe was at 5,523 down - 32 ; the FTSE ( UK ) currently is 5,018 down - 30 .
The early call for the open of key US indices is lower .
The 10 - year bonds eased 11 bp yesterday ( 3.19 % ) and a further 3 bp in the O/N session ( 3.16 % ) .
Treasury prices continue to maintain their bid as investors speculate that the Fed will signal that interest rates will remain at record - low levels for the ‘ foreseeable future ’ after reports yesterday showed that jobless claims increased , manufacturing declined and inflation remains subdued .
The long bond ( 30 - yrs ) is managing to yield less than 4 % as dealers pared some of their positions ahead of todayÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s employment numbers .
Risk aversion strategies continue to dominate the horizon .
If we get the 10 % unemployment print where are we heading to ?
Maybe 10 - years will yield 3.10 % !
This article is for general information purposes only .
It is not investment advice or a solution to buy or sell securities .
Opinions are the authors ; not necessarily that of OANDA Corporation or any of its affiliates , subsidiaries , officers or directors .
Leveraged trading is high risk and not suitable for all .
You could lose all of your deposited funds .
The wife of Japan 's prime minister - elect has defended her husband 's nickname , saying it is good that he is different .
Yukio Hatoyama , who won power in a landslide election and is vowing revolutionary change , is known by opponents and supporters alike as " the alien " for his quirky hairstyle and eccentric manner .
In an interview , his wife Miyuki Hatoyama said her husband would make historic changes in Japan and she defended his unusual nickname .
Ms Hatoyama says her husband earned his nickname because he is different from old - style Japanese politicians and is not motivated by personal interest or greed .
Mr Hatoyama will be sworn in as Japan 's 60th Prime Minister later this month .
Wealthy U.S. taxpayers , concerned about an Internal Revenue Service crackdown on the use of secret overseas bank accounts as tax havens , are rushing to meet a Thursday deadline to disclose those accounts or face possible criminal prosecution .
The concern was triggered this summer when Switzerland ’s largest bank , caught up in an international tax evasion dispute , said it would disclose the names of more than 4,000 of its U.S. account holders .
The decision shattered a long - held belief that Swiss banks would guard the identities of its American customers as carefully as they did their money , and it raised concern that other international tax havens might be next .
Under an amnesty program , the IRS is allowing taxpayers to avoid prosecution for having failed to report their overseas accounts .
As a result , tax attorneys across the nation have been besieged by wealthy clients who are lining up to apply even though they will still face big financial penalties .
Advertisement
Tax lawyers in Southern California say they ’ve encountered an array of clients concerned about international bank accounts :
Hollywood producers , immigrants who left behind foreign accounts and business owners who have stashed money overseas to avoid taxation .
“ It ’s crazy busy , ” said Pasadena tax attorney Phil Hodgen , who for a brief period in September stopped accepting new clients because he was overwhelmed with amnesty requests .
“ These people are calling , saying , ‘ I ca n’t sleep at night . ’ ”
Some 3,000 U.S. residents have voluntarily disclosed their foreign bank accounts to the IRS this year , compared to fewer than 100 in 2008 , said one U.S. government official who asked not to be identified .
Demand for the amnesty program exploded in August when Swiss bank UBS agreed to settle U.S. criminal charges that it had engaged in a “ multibillion - dollar scheme ” to help U.S. taxpayers hide assets from the IRS .
Advertisement
In all , UBS agreed to pay $ 780 million in penalties and to disclose the names of 4,450 American clients to Swiss officials , who would then provide them to the IRS .
The original deadline to apply for tax amnesty was Sept. 23 , but the IRS -- acting at the request of overwhelmed tax attorneys -- extended it until Thursday .
“ I think the intent of the IRS in getting those names from UBS was to scare everybody into coming forward , ” Hodgen said .
Shahzad Malik , an international tax attorney with Century City law firm TroyGould , said a wide variety of clients were coming forward .
Advertisement
“ You have a lot of people in the entertainment industry , movie producer types ; they do business everywhere and have royalties coming to them internationally .
I ’ve had to clean up a lot of those , ” he said .
Other clients , Malik said , are immigrants who left behind bank accounts in their home countries or people who inherited foreign bank accounts who did n’t realize those assets are taxable in the United States .
“ L.A. is very ethnically diverse , so we have a lot of those folks , ” Malik said .
“ I ’d say it ’s the minority who knew there was something shady about having a foreign bank account . ”
Among Malik ’s clients is one who received notice from UBS that his name was one of those that would be forwarded to the IRS .
Some calls have come from holders of accounts with other foreign banks who do n’t know whether their bank will start cooperating with the U.S .
Advertisement
“ Some people have called me and asked , ‘ How likely is it the government is going to get my name ? ’ ” Malik said .
“ I say , ‘ I simply ca n’t handicap that .
. . .
But if you want me to fix it , I can . ’ ”
Once the amnesty deadline passes , a wave of prosecutions of U.S. tax evasion cases may follow .
Some UBS clients have already faced criminal prosecution .
In August , Malibu resident John McCarthy agreed to plead guilty to a felony charge of failing to disclose his UBS account to the IRS .
He has yet to be sentenced and is free on $ 50,000 bail .
UBS , meanwhile , has taken steps to cease efforts to attract American clients to its private bank in Switzerland .
The bank shut down its cross - border division , but it still operates a brokerage in the U.S.
It purchased PaineWebber in 2000 .
Advertisement
“ It has become pretty much impossible for American citizens to have a bank account in Switzerland if you are not living there , ” said Alfred Mettler , a professor of finance at Georgia State University .
He is a member of a task force advising the Swiss government on banking and taxation .
Mettler said he believed that UBS and other Swiss banks would eventually accept money from U.S. citizens again , but only with the understanding that the accounts and interest would be disclosed to the IRS .
The changing landscape in Switzerland may not spread worldwide , he said .
“ As long as the world consists of different nations with different laws , there will always be countries that follow the rules more strictly than others . ”
--
Advertisement
stuart.pfeifer@latimes.com
— What does the Free Software Movement have to do with Anarchism ?
Download PDF — 12th March 2005 | Download LaTeX source code
Translations :
1. Anarchie und Quellcode ( German )
2. Anarchy and Source Code
3. Αναρχία και Πηγαίος Κώδικα ς ( Greek by Vasilis Papavasileiou )
4. Анархия и исходный код ( Russian by Dmitriy Skorobogatov ) )
5. Anarquía y el código fuente ( Spanish by Vicente Vargas Martinez )
Preface
In a restaurant in New York two men were sitting together having lunch and they considered the next steps of their little revolution .
One of them , Eben Moglen , briefly thought about how they must have looked like to the people passing by .
` Here we were , these two little bearded anarchists , plotting and planning the next steps .
Anybody who overheard our conversation would have thought we were crazy , but I knew : I knew the revolution was right here at this table . ‘
And the man sitting next to him , Richard Stallman , was the person who was supposed to make it happen .
( Cp. Williams 2002 , 184 )
Not only Eben Moglen , Professor of Law and Legal History at Columbia Law School , considered himself to be an anarchist .
Also Richard Stallman , one of the most exceptional persons of the Free Software Movement saw himself as an anarchist .
We should not imagine the anarchists of the Free Software Movement to be like the cartoon image : A scruffy looking lunatic , with a crazy glint in his eyes and bristling with weapons .
On the contrary : Instead of chaos , Stallman postulates a new form of order for the intellectual property in the terms of the hacker ethic — the access to knowledge should be free , decentralized , anti-bureaucratic and anti-authoritarian .
Since the concept of anarchism is understood differently in the United States as it is in Europe , Stallman has no objection to call himself an anarchist .
In his book The American as Anarchist David DeLeon , Professor of social and intellectual history at the Howard University in Washington D.C. , explains that anarchism in America is understood as the form of radical constructive criticism of the supposedly liberal society of the United States .
Furthermore , that is my thesis , the American Anarchism was necessary for the development of the hacker ethic .
( Imhorst 2004 )
Stallman ’s message is a radical political message , because it touches the issue of private property , one important cornerstone of our society .
Selling intellectual private property in form of software is almost like to have the coinage prerogative at the turn of the 21st century .
The richest man in the world , Bill Gates , did not earn his money either by oil , gold or by stock speculations .
He made his money from software .
With copyrights and patents of intellectual property in form of software you can make billions of US - Dollars since the early 1980s .
Stallman ’s opponents accuse him of trying to abolish the intellectual property and of sticking to a communist utopia with his Free Software Movement .
Stallman does not consider himself to be a communist or an anti-capitalist public enemy who wants to abolish private property .
Stallman ’s license , the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) , the political expression of the free spirit of the Free Software Movement does not mean the abolition of the intellectual property .
On the contrary : The license protects specific intellectual property .
The programmer of free software gives away the control over his work , but he does not loose the work itself .
He remains to be the author of the program .
The user of the program has certain liberties ; the liberty to modify and to publish the modified work .
Only one condition is linked to this procedure :
The modified work has to be published under the terms of the GPL .
There are similar Licenses for books , music and other forms of intellectual property .
No one can withdraw those liberties .
Free software should not be one particular man ’s property , but it should be the property of the general public .
The counterpart of free software is proprietary software .
A proprietary program like Microsoft ’s Word is the property of the Microsoft Company .
The user , who has installed Word , has only the right to use the program , but not the right of ownership .
The extensive license is supposed to protect Word against modifications and copying .
The GPL , however , encourages users to modify and to copy .
Nobody is excluded from the ownership of GPL - Software .
So no one can control the circulation of free software .
Anyone who wants the software can get it easily via copying and distribution .
Due to this procedure the availability of GPL - Software increases rapidly .
On the one hand the GPL prevents the exclusion of anyone who wants to use free software , on the other hand the GPL eliminates the possibility to use free software in order to produce proprietary software .
No one can be hindered from using the free operating system GNU / Linux and no one can take it away from anyone else .
Everybody who has downloaded GNU / Linux from the Internet , who has installed GNU / Linux on his computer , who has given away or has sold copies is the owner of his private GNU / Linux .
In this sense the GPL is a kind of anti-license and that ’s why Stallman rather likes to talk about copyleft instead of copyright .
Stallman ’s political philosophy is based on the hacker ethic .
A codex that was developed by young computer freaks at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) in the end of the 1950’s .
They learned together how to program the first computers at the MIT and they shared their newly gained knowledge .
They subsumed common programming , learning and the free flow of information under the term hacking and called themselves hackers , before journalists used the term to label computer pirates as such .
The hacker ethic is considered to be anarchistic since it claims freedom and decentralization , and in terms of its anti-bureaucratic and anti-authoritarian endeavors .
Anarchism in Europe has almost vanished , but it has persisted in the American tradition .
For this phenomenon , DeLeon points out three substantial characteristics in The American as Anarchist :
The radical Protestantism as an introversive religion , an environment of great physical space where communities can defy control of the state , and the American Anarcho - capitalism :
Our radicals have concentrated on emancipation , on breaking the prisons of authority , rather than on planning any reconstruction .
They are abolitionists , not institution - builders ; advocates of women ’s liberation , gay liberation , liberation theology , black liberation ; prophets , not priests ; anarchists , not administrators .
They generally presume that the freed spirit will require little or no guidance .
( DeLeon 1978 , 4 )
American Radicalism
After 200 years of independence anarchism in America is fundamentally different from anarchism in Europe or in Russia .
The inhabitants of the U.S.A. created their own liberal radicalism of new lands , new men , new thoughts .
The American radicalism was new and no variation of any European radicalism .
The American anarchists never wanted to abolish all authorities .
They were advocates of a new form of order , the order of the American anarchism .
The concept of anarchism is problematical , because anarchism itself can never be a doctrine or an established theory .
Every adherent of anarchism can reconsider the concept and can represent it differently .
In conclusion , one can divide the concept in a `right ‘ and in a `left ‘ anarchism in America .
Nevertheless , this adaptability is the reason why anarchism occurs throughout our whole history .
In the last century , it found its expression most notably in the hippie movement .
The anarchist hippies in California were pioneers of the political counterculture in the 1960s .
They had an impact on left movements in the whole world .
They organized campaigns against militarism , racism , sexual discrimination , and so on with the political form of `direct action ‘ , the previous term in the anarchistic tradition is `propaganda of the deed ‘ .
The British sociologists Richard Barbrook and Andy Cameron characterized those hippies in their essay The Californian Ideology as „ liberals in the social sense of the word “ .
The hippie movement did not create hierarchies like the traditional lefts , but they created collective and democratic structures .
Above all , the Californian New Left combined political struggle with cultural rebellion .
Unlike their parents , the hippies refused to conform to the rigid social conventions imposed on organization men by the military , the universities , the corporations and even left - wing political parties .
Instead they openly declared their rejection of the straight world through their casual dress , sexual promiscuity , loud music and recreational drugs .
( Barbrook and Cameron 1995 )
Anarchist Hackers
The computer freaks at MIT did not care about sexual promiscuity , loud music and relaxing drugs .
Nevertheless they had a lot in common with the hippies ; for example the anarchist rejection of authoritarian and bureaucratic structures and their wish to overcome those structures .
The subculture of hackers came up in the late 1950 ’s at MIT , Steven Levy writes in his book Hackers – Heroes of the computer revolution .
In spring 1959 the university offered the first course in computer programming .
At that time , it took a long time to program a computer .
You had to give commands with punch cards in this huge machine , because there was no screen .
However , you also had to pass the IBM - engineers , who called themselves `the priesthood ‘ and who watched over the computer .
When the first hackers like Peter Samson , Bob Saunders and Alan Kotok wanted to use one of these a million dollar IBM - machines , they were evicted from the machine by the priesthood .
Still working with the IBM machine was frustrating .
There was nothing worse than the long wait between the time you handed in your cards and the time your results were handed back to you .
If you head misplaced as much as one letter in one instruction , the program would crash , and you would have to start the whole process over again .
It went hand in hand with the stifling proliferation of goddamn rules that permeated the atmosphere of the computation center .
Most of the rules were designed to keep crazy young computer fans like Samson and Kotok and Saunders physically distant from the machine itself .
The most rigid rule of all was that no one should be able to actually touch or tamper with the machine itself .
This , of course , was what those people were dying to do more than anything else in the world , and the restrictions drove them mad .
( Levy 1984 , 27 )
For Samson and Kotok it was not enough to have a look at the machine only .
They wanted to know , how the machine worked .
So they went into this computer course .
The severe rules within the environment of the IBM - machine and the priesthood made hacking very difficult for the young hackers .
The hackers ‘ subculture did not gain momentum before a new generation of computers appeared .
It was easier to work with the new computers for the first computer freaks , because there were less administrative barriers to bear down .
These computers had also screens and they were time - sharing machines with several workstations ; the hackers had no longer to use punch cards .
The new machines inspired programmers to a new form of programming and the hackers were its pioneers .
Hacker Ethic
In their daily struggle for computing time and against authorities , who wanted to keep them from hacking , the young hackers developed their own ethic .
They were still only a few and they took their hacker ethic not so serious like other hackers would do in future .
The hacker ethic was not published as a manifesto , it was passed down orally .
The ethic was never discussed .
Hackers who accepted this ethic took it like an axiom .
The important points of the hacker ethic are that access to computers should be unlimited , total , and information should be free , authorities should be mistrusted and decentralization should be promoted .
( Cp. Levy 1984 , 40 et sqq. )
Mainly the bureaucracy of the university made it difficult for the hackers to get valuable computing time .
Open systems without bureaucracy and authorities allowed them to be more productive at the computers .
Sitting behind the console of an IBM - machine they had the power over the computer .
So it is maybe natural that hackers mistrusted any other power who kept them away from hacking and who wanted to make them powerless .
In Hackers , Levy wrote down the history of the hacker culture and the hacker ethics at MIT until its temporarily ending in 1984 .
The whole last chapter is concerned with Richard Stallman which Levy considers to be the last one of the true hackers .
Stallman believes that the hacker culture at MIT was an example for a great and anarchistic organization that worked perfectly until it was eliminated .
Stallman took the hacker culture as an example and founded a new community , the GNU Project , one important cornerstone of the Free Software Movement .
The Free Software Movement is more than the GNU Project .
The most important parting line is drawn between the adherents of the BSD - style license and the GPL .
Berkeley Software Distribution is the name of the Unix derivative distributed in the 1970s from the University of California in Berkeley .
The name is also used collectively for the modern successors of these distributions like FreeBSD , NetBSD and OpenBSD .
Unlike the GPL , the BSD - styled licenses allow to use source code – which is published under the terms of the BSD license – in proprietary software .
Until recently , you only had to thank the University of California .
To use the GPL , or to use a BSD - styled license can be a controversial point at the beginning of a software project .
If one decides to use a BSD license , other people will have the chance to develop proprietary software from your own work .
If one decides to use the GPL everyone has the obligation to uncover the modified source code in the project .
The journalist Peter Wayner writes in his book Free for All : How Linux and the Free Software Movement Undercut the High - Tech Titans :
People who embrace the GPL are more likely to embrace Richard Stallman , or at least less likely to curse him in public .
They tend to be iconoclastic and individualistic .
GPL projects tend to be more cultish and driven by a weird mixture of personality and ain ’t - it - cool hysteria .
The people on the side of BSD - style license , on the other hand , seem pragmatic , organized , and focused .
( Wayner 2000 , 135 )
Adherents of the BSD - styled license do not find their license cultish , but they stress the freedom of this kind of licenses in opposite to the GPL .
They have no stars like Richard Stallman and Linus Torvalds .
That is a reason why BSD projects are ignored by the press most of the time .
And after all , the BSD adherents do not take pleasure in Stallman ’s crusade for free software .
Stallman ’s point of view is more radical .
He wants a system of free software , something like Unix , but better .
So he named his work GNU .
It is a recursive acronym and it stands for `GNU ’s Not Unix ‘ .
Since its formation , the GNU Project is targeted on developing an entirely free and fully functional operating system with all necessary programs .
From the very first , it should be more than a reservoir for free software .
GNU is a system of free software which tries to replace any proprietary software with GNU software .
With founding GNU Stallman ’s crusade for free software has begun .
The freedom formerly only codified in the hacker ethic has now become a contract between programmers and users with the GNU General Public License .
The GPL ought to protect the system of free software against exploitation .
The Anarchism of the Open Source Initative
On 15 May 1969 , Governor Ronald Reagan ordered armed police to attack the protesting hippies who had occupied People ’s Park near the Berkeley campus of the University of California .
Thereby one man was shot dead and many people were hurt .
The conservative establishment with Governor Reagan and the counterculture of the hippies seemed to be two antagonists .
However , in his book The American as Anarchist David DeLeon finds out that Governor Reagan and the hippies rather were two extremes of the same American anarchism .
1
David DeLeon points out that anarchism is valuable as a general radical critique of the right and the left wing of the liberal American society .
He names the two wings also `right and left libertarians ‘ , whereas libertarian is just another word for anarchist .
Applying DeLeon ’s theory to the adherents of GPL and Open Source Definition , both appear to be two extremes of American anarchism .
In his essay The Cathedral and the Bazaar Eric S. Raymond calls both extremes Cathedral - and Bazaar - model .
( Cp. Raymond 2001 )
In his book The Mythical Man-Month : Essays on software engineering , which was published in 1975 , Frederick P. Brooks develops a rule that argues that the more people participate in a single software project the more time it will take .
Like many other hackers and as an ex-member of the GNU Project , Eric Raymond believed that too many cooks would spoil the broth and on the basis of Brook ’s rule the less hackers would be involved in a software project the more the project would benefit .
According to Brook ’s law GNU software projects consisted of a few developers .
To Raymond ’s astonishment Torvalds proved that black is white with his quick releases of Linux :
The more hackers Torvalds invited to the Linux project the better Linux turned out to be .
Raymond put his observations on paper in his essay The Cathedral and the Bazaar in which he contrasts the two different styles of leadership of the GNU and the Linux project .
The essay evolved from a speech Raymond held on a Linux Congress in Germany in 1997 .
The title of the essay derives from the central analogy : GNU programs seem to be like impressing cathedrals , monuments planned by means of the hacker ethic and constructed for eternity .
The Linux project resembles a great bazaar with babbling tradesmen .
Raymond ’s analogy implies a comparison between Stallman and Torvalds .
Stallman is said to be the classical architect of the cathedral .
He is a programming guru who can disappear for 18 months and who comes back with the brilliant GNU Compiler .
In comparison , Torvalds is said to be more the genial host of a dinner party .
The design of Linux is discussed in the specific project groups .
Only when the participants of the project groups come into conflict with each other Torwalds has to intervene .
His main job is to keep the ideas flowing .
Due to his analysis Raymond became known as an `evangelist of the free market ‘ .
He does not think much of national interferences into the market .
He is against regimentation , which also includes the possession of arms .
DeLeon would classify him as a `right libertarian ‘ .
` Right libertarians ‘ are anarchists who think , that the government should leave them alone , so they can do with their money and their weapons what they want .
As Raymond analyzed the free software movement he discovered what he , as a right libertarian , liked to discover : a not regularized free market .
The basis of the free software movement is the users ‘ freedom .
The bazaar model already stands for the most possible liberty , because many different traders can compete with each other .
GNU projects – and also company - owned developments of proprietary software – are structured like cathedrals in medieval times :
The construction is pressed ahead by a group of priests in order to achieve the intentions of an architect .
The construction of the cathedral only succeeds , when there is enough money , working men , and a talented architect .
In contrast , the many different traders on the bazaar want to outplay each other .
The best trader has the most customers which resembles social Darwinism at its best :
The best adapted survives .
However , Raymond ’s essay is problematic because neither GNU projects appear as mere cathedrals nor is the Linux project a bazaar .
The head of the Linux project with its thousands of co-developers is Linus Torvalds .
He decides what enters the Linux kernel and what does not .
The Linux project is rather a hybrid than a mere bazaar or a mere cathedral .
In his speech in 1997 , Raymond talked about free software .
In 1998 he replaced the term free software with open source in his essay .
For Raymond and some other supporters of the free software movement Stallman has become more and more an offense .
For them due to his political statements , Stallman smells of communism , and a communist is problematic for a community who wants to get into business .
They also thought that the movement should not concentrate on the GPL to such an extent .
They wanted a system of software that applies GPL software as well as BSD or similar licenses and they called this new system `open source ‘ .
To this Volker Grassmuck says :
` Free ‘ is not only ambiguous ( `free beer ‘ and `free speech ‘ ) .
In the land of the free it has become a dirty , `confrontational ‘ , in some way a communist sounding four - letter word .
2 ( Grassmuck 2002 , 230 )
The last of the true hackers
For his book Hackers Levy also interviewed Richard Stallman .
He dedicated a whole chapter to Stallman .
Not without reason , it was titled „ Epilogue : The Last Of The True Hackers “ .
In 1984 , things did not look good for the free software .
Stallman belonged to the generation of the first hackers , who learned hacking at huge IBM machines at universities .
The young people who appeared in the early 1980s in the computer labs had learned to program at their home computers without any hacker ethic and hacker community .
These new people would write exciting new programs just as their predecessors did , but something new would come along with them – as the programs appeared on the screen , so would copyright notices .
To RMS , who still believed that all information should flow freely , this was blasphemy .
` I do n’t believe that software should be owned , ‘ because the practice sabotages humanity as a whole .
It prevents people from getting the maximum benefit out of the program ’s existence .
( Levy 1984 , 419 )
The new hackers were not really interested in the hacker ethic .
Stallman had learned in the computer center of the MIT that an anarchist Institution was possible .
But there was a lack of combatants because of the decentralization of the hackers by the home computer .
In the beginning of the 1980 ’s Stallman felt like the last adherent of a dead movement with anarchistic principles .
This movement he wanted to revitalize .
With the free software movement the hacker culture was reborn and Stallman started to free the source code from proprietary licenses .
The free software movement with GNU , BSD and Open Source Initiative is the radical anarchistic criticism of today ’s order of the intellectual property , not only in the liberal society of the United States but also in the whole globalized world .
In contrast to the representatives of BSD or the market - economic anarchism of Eric Raymond from the OSI , Stallman postulates a corporate anarchism which expresses in relation to intellectual property freely adapted from the French anarchist Jean - Pierre Proudhon , that property is robbery .
Today , the claim for abolition of the intellectual property is for many people unthinkable .
But half a millennium ago , the implementation of private property was for many people unthinkable .
Like Jeremy Rifkin in Access says :
The very thought of leaving markets and the exchange of property behind is as inconceivable to many people today as the enclosure and privatization of land and labor into property relations must have been more than half a millennium ago .
( Rifkin 2000 , 14 )
Stallman and the GNU people of the free software movement do not only want to free software but also music and books from proprietary licenses .
In an interview with Spiegel Online Stallman says why : „ I tend toward the left - wing anarchist idea that we should get together voluntarily and think about how we can care for all by cooperation . “ ( Klagges 1996 ) .
Bibliography
Barbrook , R. und Cameron , A. ( 1995 ) , ` The Californian Ideology ‘ .
http://www.alamut.com/subj/ideologies/pessimism/califIdeo_I.html [ 30th November 2004 ] .
Brooks , F. P. ( 1995 ) , The Mystical Man-Month : Essays on software engineering .
New York .
DeLeon , D. ( 1978 ) , The American as Anarchist .
Baltimore , MA .
Grassmuck , V. ( 2002 ) , Freie Software – Zwischen Privat - und Gemeineigentum .
Bonn .
Imhorst , C. ( 2004 ) , Die Anarchie der Hacker – Richard Stallman und die Freie - Software - Bewegung .
Marburg .
Klagges , H. ( 1996 ) , `Es reicht mir nicht , nur einfach neugierig auf die Zukunft zu sein , ich will etwas ändern ‘ .
Interview with Richard Stallman .
http://www.klagges.com/pdf/interview_stallman.pdf [ 30th November 2004 ] .
Levy , S. ( 1984 ) , Hackers : Heroes of the Computer Revolution .
New York .
Raymond , E. S. ( 2001 ) , The Cathedral and the Bazaar : Musings on Linux and Open Source by an Accidental Revolutionary .
Sebastopol , CA .
Rifkin , J. ( 2000 ) , The Age Of Access .
New York .
Wayner , P. ( 2001 ) , Free For All .
How Linux and the Free Software Movement Undercut the High - Tech Titans .
New York .
Williams , S. ( 2002 ) , Free as in Freedom – Richard Stallman ’s Crusade for Free Software .
Sebastopol , CA .
Endnotes
1 In addition , one might even cite the remarkably `antigovernment ‘ statements of Ronald Reagan during his various campaigns .
Obviously a President Reagan would not have abolished the state , however .
He might even have expanded its functions , as he did when governor of California .
He and people like Senator Barry Goldwater were only moderate right libertarians but certainly were part of a particular tradition .
( DeLeon 1978 , 84 )
2 This and other translations from German to English were done by the author .
The study also owned the lessons of racial integration : " The intensity of prejudice against homosexuals may be of the same order as the prejudice against blacks in 1948 , when the military was ordered to integrate , " it found .
" The order to integrate blacks was first met with stout resistance by traditionalists in the military establishment .
Dire consequences were predicted for maintaining discipline , building group morale , and achieving military organizational goals .
None of these predictions of doom has come true . "
The Pentagon rejected a draft of the report and its follow - up , claiming it exceeded its mandate .
Excerpts from the unpublished studies were released in a 1992 General Accounting Office ( now the Government Accountability Office ) 10 - year report on the Pentagon 's policies toward gay servicemembers as Congress debated the guidelines that would become DADT .
The GAO report itself turned a harsh light on the DoD .
It found that existing policy was " based solely upon concerns about homosexuality itself , " and criticized the department for not conducting hard research to support its practices .
" In addition , " the report said , " professional psychiatric , psychological , sociological associations and other experts familiar with the research conducted on homosexuality in general disagree with the basic rationale behind DoD 's policy . "
The latest data Prakash cites comes from a 1993 RAND Corp. study commissioned under President Clinton to determine a " practical " strategy on gays in the military .
It pulled together the broadest range of data , including opinion of active - duty officers and attitudes of foreign militaries with openly gay servicemembers .
Its straightforward conclusion supported the previous 40 years of findings : Policy should set equal expectations of conduct for all servicemembers , and " emphasis should be placed on behavior ... not on teaching tolerance or sensitivity . "
Civilian criticism of DADT has been largely couched in the language of gay rights as civil rights , but change in the military moves top - down .
As Prakash 's paper makes clear , the data are well - known ; what remains is an ideological shift among military leadership .
That 's something Kevin Nix , a spokesman for the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network , which provides legal support and advocacy to gay soldiers , says may be a matter of time .
" The military does n't exist in a vacuum from the rest of American culture , " he says .
" There is a generational divide .
The newest generation and the next generation of military leadership are much more open and tolerant ... and that is helping the top - down process . "
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
An Oklahoma Highway Patrol trooper who was suspended after being involved in a scuffle with an emergency medical technician in May was put on paid administrative leave Sunday in connection with another incident .
Troopers Daniel Martin and Tommy Allen were placed on administrative leave after a Holdenville man filed a complaint after he was arrested on Saturday .
" Basically , there was a traffic stop last night and out of that an individual was jailed and the guy apparently contacted the department today wanting to file a complaint , " said patrol Capt .
Chris West .
" Based on the nature of the complaint and what Martin went through ( previously ) , we thought we 'd just go ahead and pull him off and investigate . "
The Holdenville man was not a party in the initial traffic stop , West said , and got involved during the incident .
Over a quarter - century ago , Xerox introduced the modern graphical user interface paradigm we today take for granted .
That it has endured is a testament to the genius of its design .
But the industry is now at a crossroads :
New technologies promise higher - bandwidth interaction , but have yet to find a truly viable implementation .
10 /GUI aims to bridge this gap by rethinking the desktop to leverage technology in an intuitive and powerful way .
On June 10 , 2000 , Queen Elizabeth II opened the high - tech Millennium Bridge , which traverses the River Thames from the Tate Modern to St. Paul ’s Cathedral .
Thousands of people lined up to walk across the new structure , which consisted of a narrow aluminum footbridge surrounded by steel balustrades projecting out at obtuse angles .
Within minutes of the official opening , the footway started to tilt and sway alarmingly , forcing some of the pedestrians to cling to the side rails .
Some reported feeling seasick .
The authorities shut the bridge , claiming that too many people were using it .
The next day , the bridge reopened with strict limits on the number of pedestrians , but it began to shake again .
Two days after it had opened , with the source of the wobble still a mystery , the bridge was closed for an indefinite period .
In finance , actions can be both individually prudent and collectively disastrous .
Illustration by John Ritter
Some commentators suspected the bridge ’s foundations , others an unusual air pattern .
The real problem was that the designers of the bridge , who included the architect Sir Norman Foster and the engineering firm Ove Arup , had not taken into account how the footway would react to all the pedestrians walking on it .
When a person walks , lifting and dropping each foot in turn , he or she produces a slight sideways force .
If hundreds of people are walking in a confined space , and some happen to walk in step , they can generate enough lateral momentum to move a footbridge — just a little .
Once the footway starts swaying , however subtly , more and more pedestrians adjust their gait to get comfortable , stepping to and fro in synch .
As a positive - feedback loop develops between the bridge ’s swing and the pedestrians ’ stride , the sideways forces can increase dramatically and the bridge can lurch violently .
The investigating engineers termed this process “ synchronous lateral excitation , ” and came up with a mathematical formula to describe it .
What does all this have to do with financial markets ?
Quite a lot , as the Princeton economist Hyun Song Shin pointed out in a prescient 2005 paper .
Most of the time , financial markets are pretty calm , trading is orderly , and participants can buy and sell in large quantities .
Whenever a crisis hits , however , the biggest players — banks , investment banks , hedge funds — rush to reduce their exposure , buyers disappear , and liquidity dries up .
Where previously there were diverse views , now there is unanimity : everybody ’s moving in lockstep .
“ The pedestrians on the bridge are like banks adjusting their stance and the movements of the bridge itself are like price changes , ” Shin wrote .
And the process is self - reinforcing : once liquidity falls below a certain threshold , “ all the elements that formed a virtuous circle to promote stability now will conspire to undermine it . ”
The financial markets can become highly unstable .
This is essentially what happened in the lead - up to the Great Crunch .
The trigger was , of course , the market for subprime - mortgage bonds — bonds backed by the monthly payments from pools of loans that had been made to poor and middle - income home buyers .
In August , 2007 , with house prices falling and mortgage delinquencies rising , the market for subprime securities froze .
By itself , this should n’t have caused too many problems : the entire stock of outstanding subprime mortgages was about a trillion dollars , a figure dwarfed by nearly twelve trillion dollars in total outstanding mortgages , not to mention the eighteen - trillion - dollar value of the stock market .
But then banks , which could n’t estimate how much exposure other firms had to losses , started to pull back credit lines and hoard their capital — and they did so en masse , confirming Shin ’s point about the market imposing uniformity .
An immediate collapse was averted when the European Central Bank and the Fed announced that they would pump more money into the financial system .
Still , the global economic crisis did n’t ease up until early this year , and by then governments had committed an estimated nine trillion dollars to propping up the system .
A number of explanations have been proposed for the great boom and bust , most of which focus on greed , overconfidence , and downright stupidity on the part of mortgage lenders , investment bankers , and Wall Street C.E.O.s .
According to a common narrative , we have lived through a textbook instance of the madness of crowds .
If this were all there was to it , we could rest more comfortably : greed can be controlled , with some difficulty , admittedly ; overconfidence gets punctured ; even stupid people can be educated .
Unfortunately , the real causes of the crisis are much scarier and less amenable to reform : they have to do with the inner logic of an economy like ours .
The root problem is what might be termed “ rational irrationality ” — behavior that , on the individual level , is perfectly reasonable but that , when aggregated in the marketplace , produces calamity .
Consider the freeze that started in August of 2007 .
Each bank was adopting a prudent course by turning away questionable borrowers and holding on to its capital .
But the results were mutually ruinous : once credit stopped flowing , many financial firms — the banks included — were forced to sell off assets in order to raise cash .
This round of selling caused stocks , bonds , and other assets to decline in value , which generated a new round of losses .
A similar feedback loop was at work during the boom stage of the cycle , when many mortgage companies extended home loans to low - and middle - income applicants who could n’t afford to repay them .
In hindsight , that looks like reckless lending .
It did n’t at the time .
In most cases , lenders had no intention of holding on to the mortgages they issued .
After taking a generous fee for originating the loans , they planned to sell them to Wall Street banks , such as Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs , which were in the business of pooling mortgages and using the monthly payments they generated to issue mortgage bonds .
When a borrower whose home loan has been “ securitized ” in this way defaults on his payments , it is the buyer of the mortgage bond who suffers a loss , not the issuer of the mortgage .
This was the climate that produced business successes like New Century Financial Corporation , of Orange County , which originated $ 51.6 billion in subprime mortgages in 2006 , making it the second - largest subprime lender in the United States , and which filed for Chapter 11 on April 2 , 2007 .
More than forty per cent of the loans it issued were stated - income loans , also known as liar loans , which did n’t require applicants to provide documentation of their supposed earnings .
Michael J. Missal , a bankruptcy - court examiner who carried out a detailed inquiry into New Century ’s business , quoted a chief credit officer who said that the company had “ no standard for loan quality . ”
Some employees queried its lax approach to lending , without effect .
Senior management ’s primary concern was that the loans it originated could be sold to Wall Street .
As long as investors were eager to buy subprime securities , with few questions asked , expanding credit recklessly was a highly rewarding strategy .
When the subprime - mortgage market faltered , the business model of giving loans to all comers no longer made sense .
Nobody wanted mortgage - backed securities any longer ; nobody wanted to buy the underlying mortgages .
Some of the Wall Street firms that had financed New Century ’s operations , such as Goldman Sachs and Citigroup , made margin calls .
Federal investigators began looking into New Century ’s accounts , and the company rapidly became one of the first major casualties of the subprime crisis .
Then again , New Century ’s executives were hardly the only ones who failed to predict the subprime crash ; Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke did n’t , either .
Sharp - dealing companies like New Century may have been reprehensible .
But they were n’t simply irrational .
The same logic applies to the decisions made by Wall Street C.E.O.s like Citigroup ’s Charles Prince and Merrill Lynch ’s Stanley O’Neal .
They ’ve been roundly denounced for leading their companies into the mortgage business , where they suffered heavy losses .
In the midst of a credit bubble , though , somebody running a big financial institution seldom has the option of sitting it out .
What boosts a firm ’s stock price , and the boss ’s standing , is a rapid expansion in revenues and market share .
Privately , he may harbor reservations about a particular business line , such as subprime securitization .
But , once his peers have entered the field , and are making money , his firm has little choice except to join them .
C.E.O.s certainly do n’t have much personal incentive to exercise caution .
Most of them receive compensation packages loaded with stock options , which reward them for delivering extraordinary growth rather than for maintaining product quality and protecting their firm ’s reputation .
Prince ’s experience at Citigroup provides an illuminating case study .
A corporate lawyer by profession , he had risen to prominence as the legal adviser to Citigroup ’s creator , Sandy Weill .
After Weill got caught up in Eliot Spitzer ’s investigation of Wall Street analysts and resigned , in 2003 , Prince took over as C.E.O .
He was under pressure to boost Citigroup ’s investment - banking division , which was widely perceived to be falling behind its competitors .
At the start of 2005 , Citigroup ’s board reportedly asked Prince and his colleagues to develop a growth strategy for the bank ’s bond business .
Robert Rubin , the former Treasury Secretary , who served as the chairman of the board ’s executive committee , advised Prince that the company could take on more risk .
“ We could afford to seek more opportunities through intelligent risk - taking , ” Rubin later told the Times .
“ The key word is ‘ intelligent . ’ ”
Prince could have rejected Rubin ’s advice and told the board that he did n’t think it was a good idea for Citigroup to take on more risk , however intelligently it was done .
But Citigroup ’s stock price had n’t moved much in five years , and maintaining a cautious approach would have involved forgoing the kind of growth that some of the firm ’s rivals — UBS and Bank of America — were already enjoying .
To somebody in Prince ’s position , the risky choice would have been standing aloof from the subprime craze , not joining the crowd .
In July , 2007 , he intimated as much , in an interview with the Financial Times .
At that stage , three months after New Century ’s collapse , the problems in the subprime market could no longer be ignored .
But the private - equity business , in which Citigroup had become a major presence , was still thriving , and Blackstone , one of the biggest buyout firms , had just issued stock on the New York Stock Exchange .
Prince conceded that a collapse in the credit markets could leave Citigroup and other banks exposed to the prospect of large losses .
Despite the danger , he insisted that he had no intention of pulling back .
“ When the music stops , in terms of liquidity , things will be complicated , ” Prince said .
“ But as long as the music is playing , you ’ve got to get up and dance . ”
The reference to the game of musical chairs was a remarkably candid description of the situation in which executives like Prince found themselves , and of the logic of rational irrationality .
Whether Prince knew it or not , he was channelling John Maynard Keynes , who , in “ The General Theory of Employment , Interest , and Money , ” pointed to the inconvenient fact that “ there is no such thing as liquidity of investment for the community as a whole . ”
Whatever the asset class may be — stocks , bonds , real estate , or commodities — the market will seize up if everybody tries to sell at the same time .
Financiers were accordingly obliged to keep a close eye on the “ mass psychology of the market , ” which could change at any moment .
Keynes wrote , “ It is , so to speak , a game of Snap , of Old Maid , of Musical Chairs — a pastime in which he is victor who says Snap neither too soon nor too late , who passes the Old Maid to his neighbour before the game is over , who secures a chair for himself when the music stops .
”
Keynes ’s jaundiced view of finance reflected his own experience as an investor and as a director of an insurance company .
Every morning , in his rooms at King ’s College , Cambridge , he spent about half an hour in bed studying the financial pages and various brokerage reports .
He compared investing to newspaper competitions in which “ the competitors have to pick out the six prettiest faces from a hundred photographs , the prize being awarded to the competitor whose choice most nearly corresponds to the average preferences of the competitors as a whole ; so that each competitor has to pick , not those faces which he himself finds prettiest , but those which he thinks likeliest to catch the fancy of the other competitors , all of whom are looking at the problem from the same point of view . ”
If you want to win such a contest , you ’d better try to select the outcome on which others will converge , whatever your personal opinion might be .
“ It is not a case of choosing those which , to the best of one ’s judgment , are really the prettiest , nor even those which average opinion genuinely thinks the prettiest , ” Keynes explained .
“ We have reached the third degree , where we devote our intelligences to anticipating what average opinion expects the average opinion to be .
And there are some , I believe , who practice the fourth , fifth and higher degrees . ”
The beauty - contest analogy helps explain why real - estate developers , condo flippers , and financial investors continued to invest in the real - estate market and in the mortgage - securities market , even though many of them may have believed that home prices had risen too far .
Alan Greenspan and other free - market economists failed to recognize that , during a speculative mania , attempting to “ surf ” the bubble can be a perfectly rational strategy .
According to orthodox economics , professional speculators play a stabilizing role in the financial markets : whenever prices rise above fundamentals , they step in and sell ; whenever prices fall too far , they step in and buy .
But history has demonstrated that much of the so - called “ smart money ” aims at getting in ahead of the crowd , and that only adds to the mispricing .
Markus Brunnermeier , an economist at Princeton , and Stefan Nagel , an economist at Stanford , obtained data from S.E.C. filings for fifty - three hedge - fund managers during the dot - com bubble .
In the third quarter of 1999 , they discovered , the funds raised their portfolio weightings in technology stocks from sixteen to twenty - nine per cent .
By March of 2000 , when the Nasdaq peaked , the funds had invested roughly a third of their assets in tech .
“ From an efficient - markets perspective , these results are puzzling , ” Brunnermeier and Nagel noted .
“ Why would some of the most sophisticated investors in the market hold these overpriced technology stocks ? ”
We know that many such investors had no illusions about the prospects of the financial products they traded .
But their strategy was to capture the upside of the bubble while avoiding most of the downside — and , with timely selling , many of them succeeded .
“ That ’s just the booze listening . ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
Because financial markets consist of individuals who react to what others are doing , the theories of free - market economics are often less illuminating than the Prisoner ’s Dilemma , an analysis of strategic behavior that game theorists associated with the RAND Corporation developed during the early nineteen - fifties .
Much of the work done at RAND was initially applied to the logic of nuclear warfare , but it has proved extremely useful in understanding another explosion - prone arena : Wall Street .
Imagine that you and another armed man have been arrested and charged with jointly carrying out a robbery .
The two of you are being held and questioned separately , with no means of communicating .
You know that , if you both confess , each of you will get ten years in jail , whereas if you both deny the crime you will be charged only with the lesser offense of gun possession , which carries a sentence of just three years in jail .
The best scenario for you is if you confess and your partner does n’t : you ’ll be rewarded for your betrayal by being released , and he ’ll get a sentence of fifteen years .
The worst scenario , accordingly , is if you keep quiet and he confesses .
TEGUCIGALPA , Honduras ( CNN ) --
The Honduran government extended a nationwide curfew to 36 hours Tuesday , as the country awaits the consequence of the surprise return of deposed President Jose Manuel Zelaya .
Honduran troops surround the Brazilian Embassy in the capital , Tegucigalpa , on Tuesday .
Zelaya , a centrist whose politics took a strong turn to the left once in office , was ousted in a coup on June 28 .
Despite increasing political , diplomatic and economic isolation , the government of interim President Roberto Micheletti has steadfastly resisted pressure to allow Zelaya to return to power .
Micheletti maintains that Zelaya 's removal was not a coup but a constitutional transfer of power , and Micheletti thwarted two very public attempts by Zelaya to return to his homeland .
When Zelaya suddenly appeared inside the Brazilian embassy in the capital of Tegucigalpa on Monday , it caught everyone by surprise , even the Brazilians , Brazilian Foreign Minister Celso Luiz Nunes Amorim told CNN en Español .
In response , Micheletti's government ordered a curfew beginning Monday evening .
Many pro-Zelaya supporters ignored the call and demonstrated outside of the Brazilian embassy .
Police dispersed about 2,500 demonstrators without causing any deaths , Micheletti said in a televised statement Tuesday .
But a doctor said that at least 80 people were admitted to an area hospital with injuries , Marcial Torres , a Honduran journalist for the newspaper La Tribuna , told CNN .
Most were released from the hospital Tuesday afternoon , Torres said .
After the curfew was announced Monday , the government extended it once until Tuesday evening and then again to 6 a.m. Wednesday .
The result was a nearly - deserted city blanketed by what Torres called a " tense calm . "
Uncertainty was fueling the tension in Honduras , Torres said -- uncertainty about what Zelaya , who said he returned for " homeland , restitution or death , " has planned , and how Micheletti , who has held his ground against international pressure , will respond .
" The country is paralyzed , " Torres said .
Supermarkets , banks , gas stations and public transpiration were all closed because of the curfew .
Schools and universities also closed .
Police and soldiers maintained a security cordon around the Brazilian embassy , dispersing supporters of Zelaya -- who remained holed up inside the embassy .
All flights in and out of the country were canceled Tuesday , after all four of Honduras ' international airports were also closed .
Micheletti's government isolated the Brazilian embassy by cutting water , power and phone lines to the building , U.S. Department of State spokesman Ian Kelly confirmed to reporters in Washington .
Nunes Amorim , the Brazilian foreign minister , said the action was a " very serious " move by Micheletti that violated international law .
But police claimed utilities were turned off in the area surrounding the embassy to discourage looting .
About 100 people remained inside the embassy Tuesday night , many of them supporters and friends of Zelaya , Nunes Amorim said .
The Brazilian foreign minister said he spoke with Zelaya and asked him not to use inflammatory language .
Likewise , Kelly said , " The United States calls on all parties to remain calm and avoid actions that might provoke violence in Honduras and place individuals at risk or harm .
We urge that all parties refrain from actions that would lead to further unrest . "
Kelly said the American embassy in Tegucigalpa had closed because of the situation , but that U.S. diplomats remained in contact with both sides in the conflict .
Food delivered to the Brazilian embassy Tuesday was believed to have been brought by the Americans , Torres said .
The United States and Brazil said they support dialogue between the two sides , centered on the San Jose Accord , an agreement negotiated by Costa Rican President Oscar Arias .
But in an interview with local network Televicentro , Micheletti said that Zelaya 's sudden appearance would not revive negotiations .
Micheletti's government sent a letter to the Brazilian authorities on Tuesday asking them either to give Zelaya asylum in their country or to turn him over to Honduran authorities .
Zelaya faces charges of violating the constitution relating to a proposed referendum that was at the center of his ouster .
" Unless the government of Brazil proposes another solution , its obligation is to turn him over to the relevant Honduran authorities with urgency , " the letter said .
Earlier in the day , local television footage showed video of water cannons being used to scatter Zelaya supporters and the ousted president 's backers throwing rocks and other objects at police .
The demonstrators flipped over and burned a police vehicle , said El Heraldo newspaper , which showed a photograph of an overturned truck on its Web page .
Zelaya was removed by soldiers in a coup June 28 after he tried to hold an election that day on a measure to allow a president to run for a second consecutive term .
The measure would have asked Hondurans whether they wanted to place a referendum on the November presidential ballot , which would convene a constitutional assembly to consider changing presidential term limits .
Zelaya 's term ends in January and he would not have been subject to any measures adopted by the constitutional assembly .
The nation 's supreme court ruled the June ballot initiative was illegal and congress had decreed Zelaya could n't hold it .
Micheletti has denied that a coup took place , saying that Zelaya was removed legally through constitutional means .
He vowed Monday night to stay in power despite Zelaya 's return .
It was not publicly known Tuesday how Zelaya got into the country and he declined to provide details , only telling CNN en Español that it was a 15 - to 16 - hour trip he took " with the help of Hondurans . "
Journalist Elvin Sandoval contributed to this report for CNN en Español .
All About Honduras • Jose Manuel Zelaya • Roberto Micheletti
The most basic version of the software will cost $ 199 to upgrade here compared with $ US119 ( $ 129 ) in the US , but , at the top end of the range , Australian customers must pay $ 429 to upgrade to the Ultimate version , almost double the $ US219.99 ( $ 238 ) price tag .
David Flynn : Should you buy Windows 7 ?
" Retailers operate with much tighter margins in the US than Australia .
That is a fact .
Taxes in this market are very different to Australia .
That is a fact .
We are a large country and we need to freight products from overseas and that is a fact .
These things do affect pricing in this market , " McLean said .
However Choice spokeswoman Elise Davidson disagreed that these costs could mount up so substantially .
" Australians do n't mind paying a little bit more for reasons such as the size of our market , our large land mass and delivery costs .
People understand this and accept it .
But when you 're looking at almost double the cost of what you can buy in other markets , even taking taxes into account , we are being ripped off .
" We looked at this with Vista as well and Choice does n't think this price discrimination is fair for Australian consumers , " she said .
------------------------------------------------------
Windows 7 launch centre
------------------------------------------------------
Despite recent shifts in the exchange rate , Australian wallets are also being hammered in electronics shops where exorbitant pricing persists for consumer electronics goods .
This week , CommSec chief economist Craig James recommended sourcing new tech gadgets and other items overseas instead of waiting for local retailers to react to the soaring Australian dollar and lower the price of products .
However Davidson warned that software companies such as Microsoft were able to use technology to stop Australians from getting a better deal by banning international IP addresses and credit card numbers from internet sales .
Microsoft said it expected Australian retailers to set their own competitive pricing for the software with bundles and deals to suit a wide range of users .
" We set [ the ] base price , trying to provide stability for the ecosystem , but the price ends up being the margin position the retailer wants to take , " Jeff Putt , Windows consumer lead at Microsoft Australia , said .
Microsoft is offering a free upgrade of Windows 7 to anyone who bought a Vista PC from the end of June to the end of January .
Some experts have suggested that other Vista and XP users wait until they buy a new PC before embracing the platform .
Davidson predicted that the high cost of upgrades would prevent many users from adopting Windows 7 .
" We expect that , apart from those who remain dissatisfied with Vista , most will be simply waiting until they upgrade their own computers before bothering to get the new operating system from Microsoft , " she said .
Stephen Baker , a consumer analyst for NPD Group in the US expressed his disapproval in June at the way Microsoft had priced upgrades , given the general level of dissatisfaction with Vista .
" I am mightily disappointed in a couple of aspects of Microsoft 's upgrade plans for non-PC buyers .
First is the pricing on the Windows 7 Home Premium upgrade .
Besides the fact that $ US119 is a price point that fits nowhere in these economic times , it is still way too much for the software .
" It is in Microsoft 's best interests to erase all vestiges of Vista from consumers ' homes and , by making the upgrade expensive , Microsoft is creating a large disincentive for consumers to move to a far superior platform with a better user experience , " he said .
He was also disappointed that it included only a one - user license .
" In a world where most homes are moving into a multiple PC environment , it would enhance the consumer home experience if they could upgrade all their home PCs at a single low price with a single boxed purchase , " he said .
Loading
The company has since launched a family pack for multi-user households , but this is available only in limited markets and does not include Australia .
" We are going to test it in a few markets around the world .
If it is successful there , we will launch it within three to six months in other regions , " James DeBragga , general manager of Windows consumer product marketing , said .
A " mooner " was left red-cheeked when he got his trousers caught in a train door and was dragged half naked along the platform .
He bared his bottom against the window of a departing train , and it left him lying half - naked on the tracks .
Luckily , a passenger had pulled the emergency lever .
The 22 - year - old German student pulled the stunt when employees in Lauenbruck caught him travelling without a ticket .
The stunt caused severe delays and rail staff said he was lucky to survive .
" It 's a miracle he was n't badly hurt , " the spokesman said .
" This sort of thing can end up killing you . "
Belfast Telegraph
I 'm sorry if my review for the NCIS season premiere was a little sparse , but I reviewed 6 other shows last Wednesday and after a couple of hours writing , the brain kind of turns off .
So please stick around and I hope this review will be more enjoyable than the last one .
There were two profound scenes in this episode .
One between Ziva and Tony , and the other between Ziva and Gibbs .
Ziva and Tony quickly resolve any ( I 'm tentatively using this word ) issues between them and after Ziva had 3 months to think over what happened , that was n't too surprising .
When she leaned in to kiss
Tony on the cheek , I actually thought something would actually happen , but alas it nothing happened .
I 'm wondering whether Ziva had intended this to be a kiss on the lips but diverted after seeing Tony not respond .
I 'm not exactly sure what Tony is thinking , but I 'm sure that will be revealed in following episodes .
If I had to guess , I 'd say they will be together by the end of the season .
Ziva also talked at length with Gibbs in his basement which was conspicuously missing a boat .
Ziva wants to be back on his team , but Gibbs is n't sure he can trust her anymore .
After a heartfelt explanation , Ziva is back .
We learn that she in fact did have orders to kill Ari , but killed Ari to save Gibbs .
Both scenes were pretty good ;
Cote de Pablo is n't the most talented actress out there , but she does an adequate job .
There was be a recurring issue almost guaranteed to come up again .
Ziva does n't pass her psych evaluation with flying colors .
Instead , she does n't fail , which can be translated as " Ziva has major issues to work out and will probably mess up in a later episode . "
What I like so much about NCIS that no character ever really outshadows another .
Even if there is more focus on one character , we still get to see the unique sides of everyone .
The crime was normal NCIS fare with the twists Basically a police officer found out that the guys he pulled over bullied him in high school .
Someone else finds out and has them killed .
I do n't really pay that much attention to the crimes and I do n't think anyone really pays attention to the crime more than the interactions between the team .
Score : 9.2/10
It started with a sketch : an old man with hunched shoulders and a green face fixed in angry scowl .
His beady eyes squinted sideways , and his left hand gripped an enormous bunch of coloured balloons covered in slogans like " love " and " joy " .
Look closely and you could see that he was holding them tight , the way people hold onto their dreams .
Today , five years after he was first scrawled on a scrap of paper by the film director Pete Docter , that old man has acquired both a name ( Carl Fredrickson ) and a pair of square spectacles .
From humble beginnings , in felt - tip and coloured crayon , he 's also emerged as one of the most lucrative men in Hollywood : star of a $ 400 m cinematic phenomenon called Up .
Heard of it ?
You should have :
Up is this year 's smash hit from Pixar , a computer animation studio doing to 21st century animation what Disney did to 20th .
It is the firm 's 10th feature film , and its 10th straight box office sensation .
It follows in the footsteps of such instant classics as Toy Story , A Bug 's Life , Monsters Inc , Finding Nemo , and The Incredibles .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Pixar makes cartoons children devour and adults adore .
To critics , it can do no wrong .
Between them , its films have grossed more than $ 5 bn .
Not one has made less than $ 300 m .
Hardly anyone , in the history of film - making , has enjoyed such a stupendous run of form .
In 15 years , it has racked up 30 Oscar nominations and six wins .
Let 's set this in context .
" You have to go back to Disney in the Thirties and Forties , when they lifted audiences out of the Great Depression with Snow White , Bambi , Pinocchio and Dumbo , in quick succession , to get anything close , " noted the esteemed film critic Tom Shone earlier this year .
" This is living history , right under our noses .
Your grandkids will ask about this . "
Pixar never sits still .
When the firm takes risks , they pay off in spades .
The studio's last offering was 2008 's Wall - E , a quirky love story about a garbage - eating robot .
The film 's protagonist communicated in bleeps and clicks .
Its script contained barely a word of dialogue .
On paper , it should never have worked .
Instead , it made $ 521 m , and won an Oscar for Best Animation .
So now we have Up .
You 'll have read plenty about this film because , in plain English , it 's been around the block .
Up was chosen to open the Cannes Film Festival in May , and has since wowed 53 different countries , grossing $ 415 m .
This makes it the third - most lucrative movie released this year , after Transformers and Harry Potter – both of which were sequels .
It is , in other words , 2009 's most successful original film .
On 9 October , this all - conquering animation finally touches down in Britain ( we get things last thanks to a bizarre piece of scheduling by distributors ) .
At last , the nation will be introduced to Carl Fredrickson .
He is an elderly widower with a square head and a round nose described as " ripe for honking " who one day decides to bid farewell to attaching several thousand helium balloons to his house , and float off to South America .
The film is part swashbuckling action adventure , part poignant meditation on the meaning of happiness , love and loss .
Critics , needless to say , adore it .
They have guffawed at its subplots and raved about its supporting characters : an overweight boy scout , a pack of talking dogs , and a villainous adventurer voiced by Christopher Plummer .
They have called it tender , thrilling , and very , very funny .
" Rarely has any film , let alone an animated one powered by the logic of dream and fantasy , been able to move so successfully and so effortlessly through so many different kinds of cinematic territory , " said Kenneth Turan of the Los Angeles Times .
" Up flies high , borne aloft by a sense of creative flight and a flawlessly - realised love story , " agreed The New York Times .
Rotten Tomatoes , the aggregation website that ranks films according to their reviews , gave the film 97 per cent , an unthinkably high score which , in the list of all - time movie greats , ranks it alongside Casablanca and Gone with the Wind .
The USA Today review was still more effusive , claiming : " The film 's exquisite emotional depth puts it in a category of its own . "
Last month , with the cheers of the popular media still ringing in their ears , Pixar was given the Lifetime Achievement Award at the Venice Film Festival , an honour previously bestowed on 40 decades ' worth of screen legends , both in front and behind camera , ranging from Tim Burton and David Lynch , to Charlie Chaplin , Woody Allen and Clint Eastwood .
It was the first time the award has been given to an institution rather than an individual , and elevated Pixar firmly into the establishment .
In 15 short years , since they arrived on the scene with Toy Story , the quirky animators have become the toast of world cinema .
Next year , they will unveil Toy Story 3 , which advance tracking puts on course to be the first billion - dollar animation in history .
Want to know the secret of their success ?
You 'll have to go to San Francisco to find out .
***
A large Anglepoise lamp sits outside the front door of Pixar Studios .
It is 12ft tall and is called Luxo .
It , or rather he , is the company 's mascot .
A bouncy , animated version jollifies the logo that appears at the start of each of the studio's films .
He signifies a cheeky mixture of playfulness and enlightenment .
Luxo welcomes visitors to a large brick and glass building that is roughly a 20 - minute limousine ride across the bay from San Francisco airport .
He shares the cobblestones with a large model of a yellow ball with a blue stripe and a red star on it .
This ball is another of the company 's quirky trademarks ; it makes cameo appearances in most of their films .
Step inside company HQ and you 're in a large foyer , full of life - size sculptures of characters from the films Monsters Inc and The Incredibles .
The building was once a Del Monte cannery .
Today , it contains a cappuccino bar , restaurants , and a shop selling the noisy Hawaiian shirts that Pixar 's young , frighteningly - happy staff wear to work .
Strictly speaking , Pixar Studios are in Oakland .
Spiritually , their home is more Silicon Valley .
Dotted around the office are pool , ping - pong and air hockey tables .
Most of them are in use , throughout the working day .
Grown men whizz down corridors on skateboards and scooters .
Ask a guide why , and he 'll shrug his shoulders and simply say : " Because they 're creative . "
What they mean is that Pixar is a professional playground for happy , inventive people .
The firm 's PR people boast that the senior production staff on Up have been on the payroll for over a decade .
They are the best in the world at what they do , and deserve the perks that go with it – from ping - pong and company yoga days to subsidised fettuccine .
" It 's weirdly , un-intuitively unusual to have a studio that 's run by artists , " says Up director Pete Docter , when I ask how this rubs off on Pixar films .
" Most Hollywood studios are run by businessmen .
The problem with that is that if you start out on any film with the goal of simply making money , the chances are that you 're not going to make a great movie . "
Pixar approaches film - making from the opposite direction .
They take talented people , allow them to enjoy themselves , and let that childish abandon rub off on films .
Their work environment out - Googles even Google .
As a result it nurtures bold ideas that might , in a normal studio environment , end up on the cutting room floor .
" A lot of time people look at our movies and think , ' What the heck , that does n't work out on my numbers chart . '
With
Up they might say , ' It wo n't appeal to kids , they hate old people . '
Or , ' You can't have an action adventure film that stars a 78 - year - old man . '
But from the top , Pixar is different , " adds Docter , who himself has the appearance of a child who has never quite grown up .
The company 's top man – Toy Story creator John Lasseter – judges the worth of potential projects by a simple yardstick .
" He 'll just ask ' do I feel anything about this story ?
Do I care enough ? ' says Docter .
" He always tells us that our primary concern should be to make something we'd be proud to show to our family .
Beyond that , he gives us total freedom . "
This creative freedom is blisteringly evident in Up 's unlikely protagonist .
Carl Frederickson is a grump in the slapstick tradition of Punch and Judy , or Laurel and Hardy .
He pokes things with a walking stick , grunts , grimaces and stews over irritations .
His life story , rendered through an almost - silent ( and technically flawless ) 10 - minute sequence at the start of the film , perfectly captures the human condition .
If you are so inclined , it may move you to tears .
Carl was created when Docter , formerly the director of Monsters Inc , was told to sit in a room at Pixar HQ with co-director Bob Petersen , and come up with an entire film .
They sat , and sketched , and talked and sketched , until one day , Docter produced his original sketch of balloon - wielding old man .
Something about him fascinated them .
It was , if you like , a " Eureka " moment .
From that image , the kernel of a plot was formed .
After months of brainstorming , it became a multi- faceted script .
Without giving too much away , Up 's plot premise runs as follows : one day , upset by the imminent loss of his home to rapacious property developers , Carl decides to attach 15,000 helium balloons to his house , and float off to Peru .
Things are complicated by the emergence of Russell , a portly young boy scout who stows away on his bizarre journey .
The old man and the young boy 's relationship provides the film 's dramatic fulcrum .
Through the child , Carl rediscovers how to love , learns to cope with loss and comes to the eventual conclusion that life 's a journey , and perhaps we should be sunny and optimistic about it .
This , then , is a film of contrast : an action movie that is multilayered , and sensitive .
A comedy with jokes that are both highbrow and lowbrow .
Like the playful lamp that is Pixar 's mascot , it enlightens and entertains .
In keeping with the studio's remit , it has soul .
Or , as Up 's scooter - borne creators like to say amid the ping - pong tables and cappuccino bars where they work , it is a film that manages to make people care .
***
For all the talk of artistic freedom , that old saying about success being 1 per cent inspiration and 99 per cent perspiration still runs true at Pixar , where there is a steely professionalism behind their creativity .
It took four years , hundreds of people and a vast budget to complete the process of turning Docter 's hand - drawn sketch into a slick , 96 - minute animated film .
Touring the building , it 's fascinating to see how a team of resident artists and sculptors sketched out every character in the film , first in pen and ink , then clay models , refining them at every turn .
The standard of draughtsmanship is as good as you 'd find at any gallery .
Indeed , Pixar sketches recently graced New York 's Museum of Modern Art .
When it comes to creating the moving , talking characters and background in the finished film , Pixar go to extraordinary lengths to achieve realism .
Production staff spent days with dog behaviour experts to work out how a pack of talking dogs in the film ought to interact ; how junior members of the group would move , communicate and carry themselves in front of an alpha male .
Another time , a live ostrich was brought into the office on the back of a trailer , so they could work out how to develop a 15 ft - tall , multicoloured Peruvian bird called Kevin .
Up 's designers used the real - life animal to establish how Kevin should walk and how sunlight would reflect on his feathers .
No expense was spared .
At one point , to get inspiration for Up's Amazonian landscapes , a group of staff spent a week in Colombia .
In another move of which the studio is particularly proud , a team of computer programmers spent months making sure that the 15,000 balloons that carry Carl 's house aloft – each with their own original string – behave and interact believably .
Like all Pixar films , which these days cost roughly $ 150 m to make , Up was produced according to a rough timetable .
The first two or three years were very low tech : designing characters , finalising a script , and working out how sets will look .
Then can they began the painstaking process of actually realising the film .
Typically , a four - second clip took a single animator a fortnight to produce .
All the while , Docter , Petersen and other production staff were refining their story .
A one - page plot outline became a 20 - page document and then a massive script .
Subplots were added and removed .
" We workshop from beginning to bitter end , and we throw a lot out , " says Bob Petersen .
" It 's not easy to do .
It can get expensive . "
Every Pixar film director ( seven have projects in development at any one time ) is encouraged to screen a rough cut of his work for other staff – and sometimes outside audiences , such as employees ' families – every couple of months .
They tweak and revisit their film according to the reaction .
They are tireless in pursuit of perfection .
It was n't ever thus .
Pixar was founded by George Lucas , the Star Wars creator , in the late 1970s .
It began as a technology firm working in the relatively - new field of computerised animation by building computers and writing software that could enhance mainstream films .
After a few years , Lucas – who is at heart a film - maker rather than a tech entrepreneur – sold the firm to Steve Jobs of Apple fame .
Though Pixar was responsible for many important products that were sold to Hollywood studios , the firm consistently lost money .
Its turnaround came in the early 1990s , when it decided to start making feature films .
At the first attempt , in 1995 , it struck gold with Toy Story : a £ 350 m smash hit that , as the first computer - generated animation to achieve mainstream success , changed the course of cinema history .
Today , though predominately into film - making , Pixar retains an interest in computer development .
The firm 's headquarters are divided in two , with one side dedicated to technology ( it contains a computer the size of a tennis court called the " render farm " where films are printed ) and the other left to the people who come up with ideas for films .
" People go between them on rollerskates and scooters , " says Jonas Rivera , Up 's producer .
" I like to say that it 's where Silicon Valley meets Hollywood . "
Computer - generated animation requires film - makers to design a virtual set , and virtual characters , who are then controlled by animators who manipulate their movement via intricate spreadsheets .
Directors control what appears on screen by a process similar to " real " film - making : they use " virtual " cameras to sit , and shout " cut " to flick between them .
Voices are not added until the very end .
In Up , the normal creative process was further complicated .
The film is one of the first major new products to be widely released in 3D .
Around 100 UK cinemas are now kitted out with suitable projecting equipment .
To studios , 3D is a worthwhile investment .
Tickets to 3D cinemas command a premium ( you will also be able to see Up in traditional D ) and their films are almost impossible to pirate .
But Pixar , with typical creative flourish , used the technology to enhance Up 's narrative , creating a " depth script " that varied the levels of contrast according to the storyline .
" Carl , our main character , goes on an emotional journey , " says Bob Whitehill , the man responsible .
" When he 's a boy , his life is very rich and full , so 3D in that section is pretty deep and dimensional .
When he loses his wife , and becomes confined , his life is claustrophobic , so we slam the depth down , and make everything very shallow .
Then when he lifts off to go on the adventure , things deepen again . "
In the future , Whitehill says , every Pixar film will be made in three dimensions ( indeed next year , they are re-releasing Toy Story one and two in the format ) .
That pioneering mentality – and the effect it has on other major studios , who are scrambling to release their own 3D titles ensures that right now , the location where Silicon Valley meets Hollywood is an exciting place to be .
***
Three years ago , a thunderbolt struck Pixar 's dream factory .
The firm was purchased by Disney , for the considerable sum of $ 7.4bn – a deal that was jaw - dropping not just for its size but also for the compelling corporate narrative that lay behind it .
For most of the previous decade , Pixar 's success had served to highlight the myriad failures of its rival organisation .
Indeed , many of the firm 's brightest stars , including its chief John Lasseter , had actually defected from Disney in the 1980s , partly in protest at the stiff - collared culture there .
Lasseter , and many of his peers , had been disillusioned by the Mouse House 's reluctance to embrace computer animation .
They had been deadened by creative interference from Disney executives , who ( in the eyes of animators ) would bastardise carefully - crafted creative projects with " mandatory notes , " – notorious memos that insist scenes are cut , jokes rewritten , or edgy plotlines reimagined .
For Pixar to therefore suddenly join its longstanding bête noir was widely regarded as a sellout .
While shareholders counted their pay - cheques , concern about the future reached the very highest level of the firm .
Many pundits confidently predicted that the move would kill the magic .
" I 'll be totally honest with you : when it happened we were all very concerned , " recalls Rivera .
" All the staff were called into the foyer of this very building .
When the deal was announced , there was a collective groan .
We were looking at each other , asking , ' What just happened ?
Is it over ? ' "
So far , their fears seem unfounded .
Disney has so far acted like a benign parent .
Rather than enforce its culture on its new division , it did the exact opposite : installing Lasseter as chief creative officer at the new mega-studio , with a remit to Pixar - ise the Disney establishment .
His first move after taking office was to make all executive notes to film - makers " advisory " rather than mandatory .
" Today , we still have one rule : make the films you want to , " adds Rivera .
" You do n't have to have a reason or permission from above .
A movie like Up is a great example : no one ever questioned us .
All they talked about , the only notes Disney gave us , were story notes they were n't clear on .
Aside from that , their only job has been to handle marketing and distribution . "
Since joining the bigger firm , Pixar have been able to increase their output , stepping up production to a film a year .
In future , they intend to alternate new projects with sequels of old hits .
2010 's offering will be Toy Story 3 ; 2011 will see Newt , a comedy about two reptiles who must mate in order to save their species , but can't stand each other .
But one nagging doubt remains .
Pixar became the firm it is today because it was the polar opposite of Disney , spiritually as well as in corporate structure .
Pixar 's best films offer a leftish take on life .
Toy Story taught kids not to be seduced by every new gimmick that comes along .
Wall - E warned the world not to throw out so much crap .
Up offers its own critique of 21st century capitalism : Fredricksen 's journey begins when he is evicted from his home by property developers who want to flatten it in favour of another block of yuppie flats .
The developers have tiny eyes and mouths , and no noses .
They are almost faceless .
But now Pixar is now part a vast corporate machine .
Toys based on its characters are sold at Disney stores .
Rides based on its films jollify Disneyland .
Will this matter ?
Could it lose the liberal bearings that made it gear .
The jury remains out .
But so long as gems like Up continue to soar out of Pixar 's polished HQ , we can probably give them the benefit of the doubt .
" UP " is released on 9 October
Pixar ’s top ten :
What the critics said
Toy Story ( 1995 )
" The sweetest and savviest film of the year ... Children will enjoy a new take on the irresistible idea of toys coming to life .
Adults will marvel at a witty script and utterly brilliant anthropomorphism . "
The New York Times
A Bug 's Life ( 1998 )
" It 's impossible not to be utterly blown away by Pixar 's animation . "
Salon
Toy Story 2 ( 1999 )
" The kind of exhilarating cinema experience that leaves you gasping in admiration . "
Empire
Monsters Inc ( 2001 )
" The Pixar animators keep grown - ups as riveted as the kids with visual marvels that dazzle and delight . "
Rolling Stone
Finding Nemo ( 2003 )
" The madly inventive folks at Pixar may just be the most dependable storytellers now working in Hollywood ...
A visual marvel , every frame packed to the gills with clever details . "
Newsweek
The Incredibles ( 2004 )
" Pixar ... is the übermensch among studios .
The sophistication of its digital know - how , the wit and invention of its scripts , such are the qualities that set it head and shoulders above the competition . "
The Independent
Cars ( 2006 )
" Existing both in turbo - charged today and the gentler 1950s , straddling the realms of Pixar styling and old Disney heart , this new - model ' Cars ' , is an instant classic . "
Time
Ratatouille ( 2007 )
" Some of Pixar 's productions ... have reached heights of invention , speed and wit not seen in animation since the work done by Chuck Jones at Warner Bros. in the 1940s .
In ' Ratatouille ' , the level of moment - by - moment craftsmanship is a wonder . "
The New Yorker
Wall E ( 2008 )
" The new Pixar picture ' Wall - E ' is one for the ages , a masterpiece to be savoured before or after the end of the world . "
Up ( 2009 )
" Depending on what you think of ' Cars ' , Pixar makes it either 9 out of 10 or 10 for 10 with ' Up ' , a captivating odd - couple adventure that becomes funnier and more exciting as it flies along . "
Variety
Identical twin sisters have , as adults , embraced religion .
But where Caroline has become Christian , Elizabeth has become Muslim .
So TechCrunch has it from multiple sources that a US ( at least ) music service launch from Google is imminent .
Possibly named Google Audio , it 's unclear whether the service will stream music from the major labels and / or offer it as downloadable tracks .
Scuttlebutt says that the service will differ from Google 's free , search and download music offering available in China since 2008 .
Now go ahead , kick back and imagine a Google music service tightly integrated with Android while we dig for more details .
[ Via Pocket - lint : Looks like Google 's planning to dive on in with iLike and LaLa , and the whole shindig may end up being called One Box
Laura Scott is 47 , childless , and writing in the Daily Mail .
Given the venue , we figured she'd be blaming feminism for her barren womb and life — but actually , she 's totally happy .
Advertisement
Scott writes ,
While babies in prams got my friends all gooey , they left me cold .
I did n't see how I could juggle a career with children .
And I did n't see why I 'd want to . [...]
I know Mum did n't begrudge the time she gave me and my brother .
But I feared I would .
After taking a fashion course at college , I landed a fantastic job in retail and rapidly started climbing the career ladder .
I could n't imagine giving it all up for children .
Her essay admirably busts some myths about childless women .
She 's not cold or selfish — she has a close relationship with her family and mentors a teenage mom .
She does n't worry about who will take care of her in old age — not having children has allowed her and her husband to save up some money for nursing care , and , as she points out , most elderly people are n't actually cared for by their children anyway .
She bristles when people tell her " that one day , when my ovaries have shrivelled , I 'll regret not having children . "
" It 's ludicrous , " she writes , " No one should rush into something that life - changing . "
Advertisement
I tend to agree that " just because you might want them someday " is n't a good reason to procreate .
But unfortunately , this is the Daily Mail , and any article about a woman 's lifestyle has to pit itself against — you guessed it — the lifestyles of other women .
Zoe Lewis railed against feminists for supposedly forcing her to forgo marriage and children , and Scott slightly more subtly disses women who choose to breed .
Married for 21 years , she says she and her husband Robert " enjoy a wonderful , passionate marriage and fantastic lifestyle largely because we do n't have children . "
She explains ,
We hold hands , we kiss .
We do all the things couples with children somehow forget to do any more .
Not having children means we have time to focus totally on each other .
So many marriages fall apart when children come along because parents do n't have time to talk , and problems fester .
That does n't happen with us .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Apparently , couples with children have bad marriages .
Also , when mothers get old , they 're lonely anyway .
Scott says as they age , she and her husband will " be better off than those sad old women waiting to be taken out to lunch once a month . "
Oh , and also you can't be a mom and have a successful career .
To illustrate this one , Scott references one of the women she interviewed for her book , Two Is Enough :
Gina is a high - powered businesswoman in her 30s .
‘ If you 're going to be successful , you have to pour yourself into it , ' she says .
‘ And that would n't be fair on a child . '
Does it make us selfish or sensible ?
I do n't see anything great about trying to play Superwoman and ending up small - changing everyone .
Advertisement
Scott says " I do n't want to sound smug , " but she definitely does , especially when she says things like , " I suspect some of my friends envy me because I 'm living the lifestyle they wish they could have .
Do I envy them ?
Not at all . "
Given that friends and strangers alike accuse her of being selfish and ask her when she 's going to pop one out , a little defensiveness is natural .
But Scott ends up sounding almost as bad as those who say all women should stay home and make babies .
Like them , she seems to be arguing that there 's no good way to balance family and career , ignoring the fact that there are lots of ways governments and employers could help women do this .
By claiming that nothing can make motherhood and work compatible , she gives society yet another excuse not to try .
She also seems to be saying having children is incompatible with happiness .
Again , a certain amount of backlash against her wrongheaded critics is to be expected .
And she does pay some lip service to moms by mentioning her friend Karen , who loves her kids .
But could n't she simply have explained why being childless works for her and her husband , rather than claiming their lives are better than those of people with kids ?
By doing so , she may actually be giving ammunition to the kinds of people who criticize her for not breeding — they could just as easily fire back with how much better their lives are than hers .
Memo to Scott : the way to get other people to respect your lifestyle is not to malign theirs .
Choice feminism : ur doin it rong .
Advertisement
Image via Daily Mail .
Friends Call Me Selfish - But Not Having Kids Is The Best Thing I 've Ever Done [ Daily Mail ]
Le numérique était un secteur dans lequel le FSI n'avait pas encore investi .
Ce jeudi matin , il doit annoncer son entrée au capital de Dailymotion , dans le cadre d'une levée de fonds de 17 millions d'euros .
Il mettra 7,5 millions .
Les quatre actionnaires historiques du site - Advent Venture Partners , AFG Private Equity , Atlas Venture et Partech International - participeront aussi au tour de table .
L'entreprise , qui fait partie des leaders de partage vidéo ( 1 milliard de vidéos vues par mois ) , ayant atteint son seuil de rentabilité , cette levée de fonds devrait lui permettre « d'accélérer le développement de cette entreprise à fort potentiel , notamment en mobilisant davantage de ressources à l'international » , estime - t - on au FSI .
Le fonds sera représenté au conseil d'administration de la société .
» Le fonds souverain français grandit dans l'ombre
OVERTURINGEN , Sweden 
It was a lousy blueberry season in 2007 , said Siv Wiik , 70 , one of a pair of Swedish grandmothers now credited with discovering what experts say may be one of the richest gold deposits in Europe .
“ That year it was too cold in the spring , so there were few berries , ” she said .
Berry picking is a serious business to Mrs. Wiik ( pronounced VEEK ) , who was born in this village of 171 , and her friend , Harriet Svensson , 69 .
For 40 years the two , widows with children and grandchildren , have explored every patch of field and forest clearing in the region , hunting for mushrooms and wild berries  blueberries , raspberries , blackberries , cloudberries .
But the women are also amateur geologists .
They never leave home for a stroll in forests or fields without their geologists ’ hammers , with their 30 - inch handles , and their magnifying eyepieces , dangling from ribbons around their necks .
So in that terrible August when the blueberry crop failed , they decided to poke around for minerals .
They went to a place called Sorkullen , far down an unpaved logging road , where trees had recently been felled , upending the earth and exposing rock to the air .
Using their hammers , they cleared soil from around the stones , digging for about six hours , deeper and deeper , until they found a rock with a dull glimmer .
New Mexico passes hate - crimes bill
The New Mexico legislature gave final approval Thursday to a bill that would provide extra prison time for offenders whose crimes are found by a court to have been motivated by hate .
The house approved the measure on a 39 - 27 vote , sending it to Gov. Bill Richardson .
The senate had previously passed the measure .
Supporters of the bill have been seeking such a law for years , but it was twice vetoed by the previous governor , Republican Gary Johnson .
Richardson has committed to signing the measure .
Supporters said the legislation is needed because of ongoing incidents of discrimination .
" When a crime is committed based on one of those things -- whether it be race , religion , sexual orientation , or gender identity -- we 're asking that a stiffer penalty be imposed , " said Rep. Gail Beam .
The bill allows a judge to give a first - time offender an extra year in prison and a second - time offender two added years .
Rep. W. Ken Martinez said hate crimes create fear , which leads to the oppression of a group of people being targeted because of their differences .
The legislation , he said , sends a message that such crimes and oppression will not be tolerated in New Mexico .
Opponents of the measure called it divisive , arguing that it singles out certain groups for special treatment and flies in the face of the First Amendment .
" Our law does not prosecute you for what you say or what you think .
It prosecutes you for what you do , " said Rep. Daniel Foley .
" One of the things that has held our country different from others is , you have a right to say what you think and feel what you feel . "
Foley said intolerance and resulting hate crimes will be resolved through education - - not legislation .
" We teach our children to hate for reasons , " he said .
" We teach our children there 's a difference between race , religion .
A hate - crimes bill is n't going to stop that . "
Under the bill , hate crimes are defined as those committed because of the victim 's actual or perceived race , religion , color , national origin , ancestry , gender , sexual orientation , or gender identity .
The legislation requires that law enforcement officers get training in investigating and reporting hate crimes and that district attorneys and state , county , and city police agencies provide hate - crimes data to the FBI .
It 's almost a truism in the tech world that copyright owners reflexively oppose new inventions that do ( or might ) disrupt existing business models .
But how many techies actually know what rightsholders have said and written for the last hundred years on the subject ?
The anxious rhetoric around new technology is really quite shocking in its vehemence , from claims that the player piano will destroy musical taste and the " national throat " to concerns that the VCR is like the " Boston strangler " to claims that only Hollywood 's premier content could make the DTV transition a success .
Most of it turned out to be absurd hyperbole , but it 's interesting to see just how consistent the words and the fears remain across more than a century of innovation and a host of very different devices .
So here they are , in their own words — the copyright holders who demanded restrictions on player pianos , photocopiers , VCRs , home taping , DAT , MP3 players , Napster , the DVR , digital radio , and digital TV .
The gramophone and the player piano
In 1906 , famous composer John Philip Sousa took to Appleton 's Magazine to pen an essay decrying the latest piratical threat to his livelihood , to the entire body politic , and to " musical taste " itself .
His concern ?
The player piano and the gramophone , which stripped the life from real , human , soulful live performances .
" From the days when the mathematical and mechanical were paramount in music , the struggle has been bitter and incessant for the sway of the emotional and the soulful , " he wrote .
" And now in this the twentieth century come these talking and playing machines and offer again to reduce the expression of music to a mathematical system of megaphones , wheels , cogs , disks , cylinders , and all manner of revolving things which are as like real art as the marble statue of Eve is like her beautiful living breathing daughters . "
In fact , things were so bad that amateur music - making was threatened , something that could lead indirectly to the rampant sissification of the entire country .
" Under such conditions , " Sousa believed , " the tide of amateurism cannot but recede until there will be left only the mechanical device and the professional executant .
Singing will no longer be a fine accomplishment ; vocal exercises so important a factor in the curriculum of physical culture will be out of vogue .
Then what of the national throat ?
Will it not weaken ?
What of the national chest ?
Will it not shrink ? "
This sounds ridiculous , and in many ways it was .
( Sousa opened the piece by admitting he might well be " reckoned an alarmist " on this topic . )
But it was n't completely crazy — recorded music did have an effect on the Victorian middle - class practice of singing songs around the piano for evening entertainment , and many Americans today do n't sing regularly in groups at all unless they attend church or join a school choir .
Sousa 's interest went beyond the " national throat and chest , " though .
What he really cared about was the rampant copying of his compositions for use of player pianos and other playback devices without any payment for the use of his work .
" When I add to this that I myself and every other popular composer are victims of a serious infringement on our clear moral rights in our own work I but offer a second reason why the facts and conditions should be made clear to everyone alike in the interest of musical art and of fair play , " he wrote .
His piece concluded , " Do they not realize that if the accredited composers who have come into vogue by reason of merit and labor are refused a just reward for their efforts a condition is almost sure to arise where all incentive to further creative work is lacking and compositions will no longer flow from their pens or where they will be compelled to refrain from publishing their compositions at all and control them in manuscript ?
What , then , of the playing and talking machines ? "
Sousa was making the argument at the heart of copyright : that it promotes innovation , and that without any protection for works , many will never be created .
Though player pianos did n't put an end to composition and gramophones certainly did n't put an end to music — indeed , we 're lost in our own personal libraries today — Sousa 's " alarmist " rhetoric about the effects of new technology continued throughout the twentieth century and into our own .
Indeed , the rhetoric increased both in volume and apocalyptic fervor , even as copyright law granted ever more rights to creators .
Photocopiers
When technological innovation took off after World War II , new products like the photocopier quickly changed entire ways of doing business .
By the 1970s , such devices had caught the attention of the increasingly well - organized and professional content industries , which routinely deployed lawyers or lobbyists ( and often both ) to address threats to their business models .
We are going to bleed and bleed and hemorrhage , unless this Congress at least protects one industry that is able to retrieve a surplus balance of trade and whose total future depends on its protection from the savagery and the ravages of this machine .
The photocopier , invented by Xerox , became a target .
In 1972 , Time quoted UCLA law professor Melville Nimmer as saying , " the day may not be far off when no one need purchase books " thanks to the sinister uses of the copier .
But books were hard to copy , and the process cost money .
Academic journals , though , were high - priced , had low subscriber bases , and were stuffed with easily copiable articles .
The copier thus represented a particular threat to these publications , several of which filed lawsuits .
One of the most famous came from Williams & Wilkins , a medical journals publisher , who went after the US government for allowing or making photocopies of articles in journals at the National Library of Medicine and the National Institutes of Health .
The worry was clear : no academic would subscribe to journals anymore , but simply copy relevant articles from library copies , thereby reducing the potential market for such journals even further .
The government claimed the use was fair " since no more than one copy was made in response to each request , that the copies were made in the interest of furthering research , and that the technique was simply a mechanical improvement on the long - accepted practice of hand - copying material . "
The courts agreed , within certain limits ( though as anyone in academia knows the issue remains contentious especially as applied to course packs ) .
The VCR
The copier did n't destroy academic publishing or the book business , just as the player piano and gramophone failed to destroy music .
But the rhetoric around new devices just kept spiraling further out of control .
In 1982 , when the movie and music businesses were engaged in a full court press to shut down the hot new VCR , the warnings about its sinister effects made Sousa sound like a wimp .
Chief movie lobbyist Jack Valenti appeared at a Congressional hearing on the VCR and famously went hog -wild .
" This is more than a tidal wave .
It is more than an avalanche .
It is here , " he warned after reciting VCR import statistics .
" Now , that is where the problem is .
You take the high risk , which means we must go by the aftermarkets to recoup our investments .
If those aftermarkets are decimated , shrunken , collapsed because of what I am going to be explaining to you in a minute , because of the fact that the VCR is stripping those things clean , those markets clean of our profit potential , you are going to have devastation in this marketplace
We are going to bleed and bleed and hemorrhage , unless this Congress at least protects one industry that is able to retrieve a surplus balance of trade and whose total future depends on its protection from the savagery and the ravages of this machine . "
I am one who has a belief that before the next few years the Japanese will have built into their machines an automatic situation that kills the commercial .
Blood , hemorrhage , devastation , avalanche , tidal wave , and — savagery ?
( Many of Valenti 's comments stressed the " Japanese " nature of the VCR threat , since most devices were made there , giving his whole speech an unpleasant undertone . )
But really , these comparisons were just the warmup .
One lobbyist ( rightly ) contended that " the VCR is the greatest friend that the American film producer ever had , " to which Valenti responded , " I say to you that the VCR is to the American film producer and the American public as the Boston strangler is to the woman home alone . "
This was n't just about film producers ; even the American public was defenseless , alone , at the mercy of a throat - throttling invader who lurked outside in the night .
But Valenti's actual concern was far more pragmatic , much less sinister , and not really about the American public at all .
He was worried about commercial skipping .
" 86.8 percent of all these owners erase or skip commercials .
I have here , Mr. Chairman , if you are not aware of how this works — this is [ a ]
Panasonic .
This is a little remote control device that you use on machines .
It has on here channel , rewind , stop , fast forward , pause , fast advance , slow , up , down , and visual search , either going left or right
" Now , what does that mean , Mr. Chairman ?
It means that when you are playing back a recording , which you made two days ago or whenever — you are playing it back .
You are sitting in your home in your easy chair and here comes the commercial and it is right in the middle of a Clint Eastwood film and you do n't want to be interrupted .
So , what do you do ?
You pop this beta scan and a one - minute commercial disappears in two seconds . "
When asked if that was " all bad , " Valenti responded in his typically colorful way .
" If you are watching a Clint Eastwood film it is the most cheerful thing you can do .
However , if you are an advertiser who has paid $ 280,000 a minute to advertise , he feels a very large pain in his stomach as well as in his checkbook because it destroys the reason for free television , the erasure , the blotting out , the fast forwarding , the visual searching , the variable beta scans .
The technology is there and I am one who has a belief that before the next few years the Japanese will have built into their machines an automatic situation that kills the commercial . "
And that , in turn , meant the total death of free over - the - air television .
[ Typographic logo for Kamagaya ( Chiba ) spells town name in katakana ]
Japanese town logos -- official symbols designed to communicate the identity of each municipality -- come in a vast array of shapes and colors .
Many of these municipal symbols incorporate typographical elements ( particularly kanji , hiragana , katakana , and Roman letters ) into their designs .
In most cases , the stylized characters are straightforward and easy to spot ( even if you do n't read Japanese ) , but sometimes you have to bend your eyes to see them .
The more complex logos encode the name of the town into a puzzle - like symbol that begs to be deciphered .
Here are a few typographic town logos that make clever use of hiragana and katakana characters .
( The examples are arranged in Japanese alphabetical order and include a mixture of both alphabets . )
[ Abiko , Chiba ]
A : Abiko 's logo uses a stylized katakana ア ( a ) that symbolizes Lake Tega .
* * * * *
[ Itabashi , Tokyo ]
I : The picture - puzzle logo for Tokyo's Itabashi ward consists of the katakana イタ ( ita ) surrounded by four ( shi ) katakana ハ ( ha ) -- the katakana ハ ( ha ) is a variant of バ ( ba ) .
Together , the elements express the name " Itabashi " ( " ita " + " ha " + " shi " ) .
* * * * *
[ Urakawa , Hokkaido ]
U : In Urakawa 's design , a stylized kanji 河 ( kawa ) is surrounded by four sets of the katakana ウラ ( ura ) , which represent the four municipalities that joined together in 1902 to form the current town .
* * * * *
[ Ebino , Miyazaki ]
E : Ebino 's hiragana え ( e ) is in the shape of Mt. Kirishima .
* * * * *
[ Owase , Mie ]
O : Owase 's town logo consists of a katakana オ ( o ) in the shape of an eagle ( pronounced " wase " in the local dialect ) .
* * * * *
[ Kanoya , Kagoshima ]
Ka :
The blue shape represents the Osumi peninsula , and the red circle with the gold katakana カノヤ ( Kanoya ) represents the city .
* * * * *
[ Kikai , Kagoshima ]
Ki :
The logo for Kikai consists of a stylized hiragana き ( ki ) .
* * * * *
[ Kumamoto , Kumamoto ]
Ku : Kumamoto 's logo is a rounded hiragana く ( ku ) .
* * * * *
[ Kesennuma , Miyagi ]
Ke :
The logo for Kesennuma consists of a hiragana け ( ke ) .
* * * * *
[ Komaki , Aichi ]
Ko :
The katakana コマキ ( komaki ) in this logo is designed to represent an airplane engine .
* * * * *
[ Misawa , Aomori ]
Sa :
In Misawa 's picture - puzzle logo , the three ( mi ) katakana サ ( sa ) form a ring ( wa ) .
The Y - shaped objects are pine needles .
* * * * *
[ Shimonoseki , Yamaguchi ]
Shi : Shimonoseki's logo consists of the hiragana しも ( shimo ) in the shape of a puffer fish .
* * * * *
[ Sumida , Tokyo ]
Su :
This symbol for Tokyo's Sumida ward is composed of the katakana ス ( su ) .
* * * * *
[ Setana , Hokkaido ]
Se : The katakana せ ( se ) is in the shape of Hokkaido , and the circle represents the town 's location on the map .
* * * * *
[ Urasoe , Okinawa ]
So :
The logo for Urasoe is said to incorporate the katakana ウラソエ ( Urasoe ) , though the ソ ( so ) and エ ( e ) are difficult to see .
* * * * *
[ Tateyama , Chiba ]
Ta : Tateyama 's logo consists of the katakana タ ( ta ) on the left , テ ( te ) on the right , and the kanji 山 ( yama ) in the center .
* * * * *
[ Chitose , Hokkaido ]
Chi :
In Chitose 's logo , the hiragana ち ( chi ) is shaped like an airplane .
* * * * *
[ Tsushima , Nagasaki ]
Tsu :
The six hiragana つ ( tsu ) in this logo represent the six municipalities that merged in 2004 to form the current city .
* * * * *
[ Toride , Ibaraki ]
Te : Toride 's logo incorporates the katakana トリテ ( torite ) . デ ( de ) is a variant of テ ( te ) .
* * * * *
[ Tōkai , Aichi ]
To : The logo for Tōkai uses the hiragana とう ( tō ) .
* * * * *
[ Nankoku , Kochi ]
Na :
In Nankoku 's logo , the katakana ナ ( na ) resembles a pair of wings .
* * * * *
[ Niiza , Saitama ]
Ni : Niiza 's logo incorporates the katakana ニ ( ni ) and ザ ( za ) .
* * * * *
[ Numazu , Shizuoka ]
Nu :
The logo for Numazu depicts the katakana ヌ ( nu ) with pine needles .
* * * * *
[ Nerima , Tokyo ]
Ne : The logo for Tokyo's Nerima ward consists of a katakana ネ ( ne ) with a horseshoe - shaped center -- a reference to the " horse " kanji 馬 ( ma ) in Nerima .
* * * * *
[ Minoo , Osaka ]
No : Minoo 's picture - puzzle logo consists of three ( mi ) katakana ノ ( no ) .
* * * * *
[ Hadano , Kanagawa ]
Ha :
The logo for Hadano consists of the katakana ハタノ ( hatano ) drawn to resemble wings .
ダ ( da ) is a variant of タ ( ta ) .
* * * * *
[ Biei , Hokkaido ]
Hi : Biei 's logo design features the hiragana び ( bi ) in the shape of Mt. Tokachi . び ( bi ) is a variant of ひ ( hi ) .
* * * * *
[ Fukuchiyama ]
Fu :
The picture - puzzle logo for Fukuchiyama incorporates nine ( ku ) katakana フ ( fu ) .
* * * * *
[ Sasebo , Nagasaki ]
Ho : Sasebo 's logo is drawn with the katakana サセホ ( Saseho ) .
ホ ( bo ) is a variant of ボ ( ho ) .
* * * * *
[ Higashi - Matsuyama , Saitama ]
Ma :
This logo design consists of three katakana マ ( ma ) .
The symbol as a whole is meant to represent the kanji 東 ( higashi ) , as well as the kanji 山 ( yama ) .
* * * * *
[ Minato , Tokyo ]
Mi :
The design for Tokyo's Minato ward features a stylized version of the hiragana み ( mi ) .
* * * * *
[ Mutsu , Aomori ]
Mu : Mutsu 's symbol consists of the hiragana むつ ( mutsu ) .
* * * * *
[ Kameoka , Kyoto ]
Me : Kameoka 's logo design is said to incorporate letters from three alphabets , including the hiragana かめ ( kame ) , the katakana カメ ( kame ) , the roman letters KA , and others .
* * * * *
[ Mobara , Chiba ]
Mo : Mobara 's town symbol is said to incorporate a stylized version of the hiragana も ( mo ) , though it is difficult to make out .
* * * * *
[ Yachiyo , Chiba ]
Ya : The logo for Yachiyo consists of the hiragana や ( ya ) .
* * * * *
[ Yokosuka , Kanagawa ]
Yo : Yokosuka 's symbol , which represents a mariner 's compass , incorporates the katakana ヨコ ( yoko ) styled like the Miura clan symbol .
* * * * *
[ Omura , Nagasaki ]
Ra : Omura 's picture - puzzle logo features the kanji 大 ( oh ) surrounded by six ( mu ) katakana ラ ( ra ) .
* * * * *
[ Rishiri , Hokkaido ]
Ri : Rishiri 's symbol is said to incorporate the hiragana り ( ri ) , which representing ocean waves , along with the hiragana し ( shi ) , which represents Mt. Rishiri .
* * * * *
[ Rumei , Hokkaido ]
Ru :
The logo for Rumei consists of the katakana ル ( ru ) surrounded by four seagulls .
* * * * *
[ Rebun , Hokkaido ]
Re : Rebun 's town symbol incorporates the katakana レ ( re ) .
* * * * *
[ Muroran , Hokkaido ]
Ro : Muroran 's picture - puzzle logo consists of six ( mu ) katakana ロ ( ro ) surrounding an orchid ( ran ) .
* * * * *
[ Tokorozawa , Saitama ]
Wa :
The picture - puzzle logo for Tokorozawa features a yam ( tokoro ) surrounded by three katakana ワ ( wa ) .
In Japanese , " three " is pronounced " san , " which sounds similar to " za . "
[ More ]
With everyone looking for green shoots of growth , one of them has come unexpectedly from the demographers .
And it should mean more to the economy than the cost of building more maternity wards .
Population experts like to take recent trends and project them forward , which may make them the only people in Britain not to realise how much things have changed with recession .
One effect of subdued growth will likely be that Britain becomes a less attractive place for people to migrate to , so the main driver of recent immigration growth is at least shifted down from fifth gear .
Recession can also lead to an increase in out - migration .
But let 's suppose they 're even partly right when they say population increase is on track for rapid growth over the next 20 years , up by around 10 million to 70 million .
By that same reckoning , Scotland 's population would stop hovering above 5 million , and add another quarter million .
That raises significant challenges - in housing , for instance , and transport , skills , employment , and areas of social policy around immigration .
Heat map
This is already a busy island , and lopsided to its south - east , in both population and economic terms .
And news of the supposed population surge comes along with evidence that the economic map of Britain spreads the benefits of growth unevenly , and does the same with recession .
Experian has compiled a ' heat map ' , showing the ways recession , and the consequent public spending squeeze , is going to impact differently across Britain 's council areas .
It probably wo n't surprise the people of Blaenau Gwent , Kingston - upon - Hull , Glasgow and Inverclyde to find they are the ones who will experience the worst of the financial stress on households .
That includes unemployment , income , debt and savings .
Looking at council finances , Experian forecasts services in the south of England would be least affected by the looming squeeze , the north of England would take the worst of the impact , while Scotland would be somewhere in between .
And looking at prospects of recovery , Experian makes it look good for London , Edinburgh and Leeds .
But the list of those with the slowest recovery prospects looks odd , at least from a Scottish perspective , in that it includes East Dunbartonshire , Argyll , and Dumfries and Galloway - either prosperous or benefiting from in -migration .
Hit harder
Add to that a further piece of research , this time from the Institute of Public Policy Research North , based on Tyneside .
It has found that recession has hit poorer northern English towns and cities hard because unemployment , already relatively higher , has become disproportionately worse .
It argues that necessary regeneration is stalled because of the slump in housing .
And just as Experian finds , those communities most dependent on public sector spend are going to be the communities worst affected by a squeeze .
There 's a connection between these forecasts , and it probably matters more to the north of England than it does to Scotland .
If population growth suggests the need to " concrete over " the remaining verdant bits of south - east England , and if this recession is worsening the impact of past ones in exacerbating a north - south divide , then is n't it time to think again about the neglected subject of what Whitehall likes to call " regional policy " ?
That could mean proactive means to push both economic opportunity and population growth out of the south - east .
It could be done with spending programmes and with tax incentives - even with devolved tax powers .
It 's doubtful , however , that the gigantic spend on the Olympics in east London is such a clever place to fire the starting gun .
INGREDIENT
Zucchini : 1 ( 12 oz )
Green onion : 1 stalk
Red pepper : 1/2 piece
Garlic : 2 cloves
Sesame oil : 1 tb
Sesame seed , roasted : 1 ts
Salad oil : 1 tb
METHOD
1 . Cut the zucchini lengthwise in half and slice it in the shape of half - moon about 1 / 4 inch thick .
2 . Dip the sliced zucchinis in salt water for about 5 minutes and drain them well .
3 . Chop the green onion , crush the garlic finely , and cut the red pepper into large pieces .
4 . Heat the salad oil in a pan .
Cook the zucchini .
Add the green onion and the garlic .
5 . When well done , remove them from heat .
Add the red pepper and remaining sauce , then mix
them well by hand .
Transfer it to a serving plate .
Cooking Time : 20 mins
Total Calories : 240 kcal
Serving Size : 4
The English language needs periodically to be given a spring - clean , where we scrape off the phrases that have become stuck to the floor and toss out the rotting metaphors that have fallen down the back of the settee .
George Orwell warned that language will inevitably become cluttered with phrases that have lost their meaning – or , worse , are actually " designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable , and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind " .
He advised : " If one gets rid of these bad habits one can think more clearly , and to think clearly is a necessary first step towards political regeneration . "
I 'm not talking about the clichés that crowd us every day .
" Your call is very important to us ... " we are told , by automated voices that do n't give a toss about our call , because if they did , they 'd employ somebody to actually answer the damn phone .
" With all due respect ... " you 'll be told , before being thoroughly disrespected .
They are disingenuous , but they do n't have political consequences .
No – I am talking about phrases that , while posing as neutral descriptions of the world , contain a hidden political agenda that then moulds the assumptions of the listener .
An obvious recent example is the phrase " enhanced interrogation techniques " , a euphemism deliberately created by the American right to disinfect torture and make it sound reasonable .
Language is often deliberately bent and misshapen for political reasons in this way .
For example , in the 1980s , the proponents of the failed " War on Drugs " fought hard to turn the phrase " drug use " – plain , straightfoward , and unloaded – into " drug abuse . "
It evokes sinister images – it sounds like " child abuse " – but what does it mean ?
How is somebody who smokes cannabis to relax once a week " abusing " the drug ?
Do they beat up their spliffs ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
These phrases can be successfully driven from the language : during the Vietnam War , news reports blandly referred to slaughtered civilians as " collateral damage " – a bloodless phrase that evokes nothing .
Today , even the Pentagon press officers avoid those words when describing the death toll in Iraq and Afghanistan , because it has been so thoroughly satirised .
So which phrases would I expunge ?
There 's a useful book by the writer Steven Poole called Unspeak detailing thousands – but here 's a short list of some of my own .
Labelling food as " Fair Trade . "
This phrase suggests that paying desperately poor people a decent wage is a nice ethical add - on , and a gratifying departure from the norm .
In fact , it should be taken for granted – the default position of civilised human beings .
If we believed that , the labelling would be reversed : it 's all the other food that should be labelled as " Unfair Trade " , " Rapacious Trade " , or " Let 's - Pay - a - Pittance Trade . "
The terrific comedian Andy Zaltzman suggests a sign that could be on the packets : it is a silhouette of an obese businessman pissing on an African child .
" Infant mortality . "
This sounds clinical and antiseptic – who feels moved when they hear it ?
– when what we are in fact talking about is dead babies .
Here 's an example .
In Malawi in southeast Africa , the country 's soil became badly depleted by overuse , so the democratic government there adopted a sensible policy of subsidising fertiliser .
The nation 's hungry farmers were given sacks of it at a third of its real cost – and the country bloomed .
Then the World Bank damned this as a " market distortion " and said that if Malawi wanted to keep receiving loans it had to stop them at once .
So the subsidies stopped , and the country 's crops failed .
A famine began – and " infant mortality rose " .
That 's the dull phrase .
What we mean is – lots of babies died , totally needlessly .
Three years ago , the Malawian government finally told the World Bank to stick its loans , and subsidized fertiliser again .
Now nobody there is starving , and the country is the single biggest exporter of corn to the World Food Programme in southern Africa .
When on some rare occasion this is mentioned in the news , they might say in passing , " Infant mortality fell . "
The phrase that tells the truth is : hundreds of thousands of babies stopped dying .
" Christian / Muslim children . "
Routinely , children are referred to as " Christian " or " Muslim " or " Jewish " or whatever their parents ' religion , to justify corralling them into schools segregated by superstition , where they will be indoctrinated in that faith .
But children – as Richard Dawkins has pointed out – have no religion .
They have n't read the texts , thought through the ideas , and come to a conclusion on the basis of evidence .
The purveyors of this phrase do n't want them to , either – they want to get them at an age when their rational faculties are poorly formed , and implant it so deeply in their minds that they will become upset and confused when they hear rational counter - arguments .
We should refer to them as " the children of Christian / Muslim / Jewish parents " , with the clear implication that they have a right to form their own views .
" Climate change . "
This phrase was invented by the Republican pollster Frank Luntz , when he discovered that focus groups found the phrase " global warming " too scary .
Climate change sounds nice and gentle , and evokes our latent awareness that the climate has changed naturally throughout history .
Even " global warming " is problematic , since it makes us picture putting our feet up in the sun .
The more accurate phrase would be " the unravelling of the ecosystem " , " climate chaos " , or " catastrophic man - made global warming . "
They 're a mouthful , but they are honest .
" Out of context . "
I would allow this phrase to be used , but in highly restricted circumstances .
Sometimes , a quote is taken out of context , but if you are going to make that accusation , you should be required to give the original context , and explain why the quote was wrong .
Instead , this has become a get - out - of - jail free card for anybody who is caught saying something disgusting .
For example , when I revealed that Jake Chapman said his art - works performed " a good social service , like the children who killed Jamie Bulger , " he simply said this was " stripped from the proper context . "
How ?
I have read it in context repeatedly and can't see his argument .
It was n't preceded by a sentence saying " If I was an attention - seeking fool who did n't take anything seriously , I would say ... "
Similarly , when I revealed that the historian Andrew Roberts praises the Amritsar massacre of innocent civilians as " necessary " , and lauds the maniac who ordered it , he said my quotes were " out of context . "
How ?
There are many more I could offer .
The use of royal titles by republican commentators and newspapers is bizarre : why can't we call the Windsor family by their names , as we do with everyone else ?
Why not refer to " the Queen " as Elizabeth Windsor , and her son as Charles Windsor ?
It chips away at their ludicrous unearned aura , and introduces a republican logic to the language .
The phrase " the politics of envy " is routinely used to stigmatize the most basic instincts for social justice – including by New Labour politicians like Hazel Blears .
As the superb book The Spirit Level by Richard Wilkinson and Kate Pickett shows , the more unequal a society becomes , the higher the rates of crime , addiction , and sickness soar .
To oppose that is n't envy .
It is humanity .
Orwell said we must " let the meaning choose the word , and not the other way around " .
If they are dead babies , call them dead babies .
If the ecosystem is unravelling , say the ecosystem is unravelling .
It is only when we honestly describe the world that we can begin to change it .
j.hari@independent.co.uk
Blue screen errors seem to be less frequent than years ago when users were still running Windows 95 or even Windows XP .
Blue Screens basically display an error message cause by an error that the Windows operating system could not handle .
This can be faulty hardware drivers or software programs among other things .
The only thing left to do is to write down the error code and restart or turn off the computer system .
The next step is to either check the computer hardware , change configuration settings in the bios or remove and update drivers in Windows .
Users without a clue will most likely perform a search on the Internet for the blue screen error .
This usually throws dozens of possible causes and solutions at them .
Blue Screen View is a portable software program for the Windows operating system that aids users in their research .
It can scan all so called minidumps on a computer system so that it becomes possible to take a look at the blue screen error again in Windows .
This takes away the need of writing down the information to be able to perform a search on the Internet .
Blue Screen View does not only display the information already mentioned .
It also aids the user by enumerating the memory addresses inside the stack of the crash displaying all drivers and modules that might have been involded in it .
It will also display information about the drivers that are mentioned in the crash dump including product names and file versions .
Another interesting option is the ability to analyse crash dumps from another Windows installation with the software .
Blue Screen View works with all versions of Windows including Windows XP , Windows Vista and Windows 7 .
The application can currently only analyse 32 - bit dumps with the possibility that 64 - bit dumps are added in a later version of the program .
Advertisement
Yes , you read that headline correctly , no need to rub your eyes .
The following video features 3 bikini babes reading some parts of the Star Wars script for your , * ahem * , viewing enjoyment .
Hey , It ’s Star Wars … it ’s bikini - clad girls … so uuuh , it has to be awesome … right ? :)
If this is n’t enough for you , there ’s another video of those girls reading some pulp fiction … and quite frankly , I think they ’re doing a better job at it than in the Star Wars clip .
Warning :
This one contains strong language .
Ah , we finally meet Marten 's dad .
This should be a fun series of comics !
I have a new shirt for sale that is ABSOLUTELY PERFECT FOR YOU if you like science , cats , jetpacks , or any combination thereof .
See you Monday !
Infornography
Copyright ( c ) 2014 Gene Michael Stover .
All rights reserved .
Permission to copy , transmit , store , print & view this document , unmodified & in its entirety , is granted .
End .
Suspiriorum .
Lacrymarum .
Tenebrarum .
Soupy Sales , a comic with a gift for slapstick who attained cult - like popularity in the 1960s with a pie-throwing routine that became his signature , has died .
He was 83 .
Sales had numerous ailments and died Thursday at Calvary Hospital in the Bronx , said Kathy O’Connell , a longtime friend .
For the record :
The original version of this obituary , published October 23 , 2009 , erred in stating that Soupy Sales was born on January 28 .
In fact , he was born on January 8 .
As the star of “ The Soupy Sales Show , ” he performed live on television for 13 years in Detroit , Los Angeles and New York before the program went into syndication in the United States and abroad .
Ostensibly for children , the show had broad appeal among adults who found Sales ’ puns , gags and pratfalls deliciously corny and camp .
His cast consisted of goofy puppets with names like White Fang , Black Tooth and Pookie , and a host of off - camera characters , including the infamous naked girl .
Advertisement
The high point of every show came when a sidekick launched a pie into Sales ’ face .
Sales once estimated that he was hit by more than 25,000 pies in his lifetime .
The gag became more than hilarious ; it evolved into a hip badge of honor .
Frank Sinatra was first in a long line of celebrities who clamored for the privilege to be cream - faced , including Tony Curtis , Mickey Rooney , Sammy Davis Jr. , Dick Martin and Burt Lancaster .
“ I ’ve never done a pretentious show ; it ’s always had a live feeling , the kind of thing that comes across when you do n’t know what ’s going to happen next , ” Sales told author Gary Grossman in the 1981 book “ Saturday Morning TV . ”
“ I ’ve never done anything simply because I thought I could get away with it .
I ’ve just wanted to do the funniest show . ”
The possibility of humor dogged Sales from the start .
He was born Milton Supman on Jan. 28 , 1926 , in the North Carolina backwater of Franklinton .
The Supmans were the only Jews in town .
Sales ’ father ran a dry goods store that sold sheets to the Ku Klux Klan .
Advertisement
The family name was often mispronounced as “ Soupman . ”
To make matters worse , his parents , who had nicknamed his brothers “ Hambone ” and “ Chickenbone , ” dubbed him “ Soupbone . ”
Eventually , Milton became just Soupy .
His father died when he was 5 , prompting a move to Huntington , W.Va .
Sales acted in school plays and in high school was voted most popular boy .
World War II did not dampen his showbiz ambitions .
He fought in the Pacific theater in the Navy and participated in the invasion of Okinawa but managed to entertain crew mates with routines broadcast on the ship ’s PA system .
After his discharge , Sales returned to West Virginia and enrolled in Marshall College as a journalism major , earning a bachelor ’s degree in 1949 .
He went to work for a radio station in Huntington as a scriptwriter .
At night he did stand - up in nightclubs .
Soon he became a disc jockey .
Advertisement
1 / 8 Hanne Bork hugs Soupy Sales backstage after his Broadway debut in “ Come Live With Me. ” ( Associated Press ) 2 / 8 Comedian Soupy Sales , who rose to fame with a TV show in the 1960s that famously featured him being hit in the face with a pie on every episode , has died at 83 .
( Paul W. Bailey / NBC ) 3 / 8 Comedian Bob Hope , from left , with actress Shirley MacLaine and Soupy Sales , their faces covered with remnants of cream pies in January 1962 .
( Allan Grant / Time Life Pictures / Getty Images ) 4 / 8
In this undated photo , Soupy Sales does his best George Washington act for a KABC - TV Channel 7 show in Los Angeles broadcast around Washington ’s birthday .
( KABC - TV Channel 7 ) 5 / 8
In this 1965 photo , Soupy Sales shows Ed Sullivan how to do “ The Mouse , ” a dance Sales created , on Sullivan ’s Sunday variety show . () 6 / 8 Soupy Sales , left , as Moses , and R.C. Bates as God in " .... And God Spoke , ” a 1993 move directed by Arthur Borman .
( Jennifer Roper / Live Entertainment Inc. ) 7 / 8 Soupy Sales holds a replica of his star during a ceremony honoring him with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame .
( Michael Germana / SSI Photo ) 8 / 8 Soupy Sales circa the 1990s . ()
In the early 1950s he moved to Ohio , where a Cleveland station manager gave him the professional name of Soupy Hines .
That was nixed in Detroit , where his new station manager thought Hines would be confused with an advertiser , the Heinz soup line .
Thus was Soupy Sales born .
In 1953 , Sales launched a daily live children ’s show on Detroit ’s WXYZ - TV , called “ Soupy Sales Comics . ”
The show caught on , causing the station to give him a nighttime slot for “ Soupy ’s On . ”
Sales created characters such as Wyatt Burp , a belch - prone sheriff , and Calypso King Harry Bella , a crazy - eyed South American with a mop top .
In 1955 , the show was picked up by ABC as a summer replacement for “ Kukla , Fran and Ollie ” and renamed “ The Soupy Sales Show . ”
Its star soon became Detroit ’s top-rated daytime television personality .
Advertisement
Sales was joined by White Fang , “ the meanest dog in the United States , ” and Black Tooth , “ the nicest dog in the United States , ” of whom all that viewers saw were giant paws .
Other characters included his irrepressible girlfriend , Peaches , the vivacious Marilyn Monwolf , and a bloodthirsty neighbor , the Count , who touted an album titled “ Love in Vein . ”
Every show featured a segment called Words of Wisdom , an opportunity to offer silly sayings such as “ Be true to your teeth and they wo n’t be false to you . ”
The highlight of each show , of course , was the pie-throwing , which Sales elevated to an art .
Sales took his first pie in the face in 1950 when he played an Indian in a spoof of the James Stewart movie “ Broken Arrow . ”
That pie was real .
Later , he would switch to shaving - cream pies .
But he swore that the secret of a good pie was the crust :
If it stuck to the face , it was , in Sales ’ opinion , no good .
Advertisement
“ A pie has to hit you and explode into a thousand pieces , ” the expert explained , “ so you see the person ’s face and see it take away his dignity . ”
By 1961 , the face that launched several thousand pies in Detroit began to dominate local TV in Los Angeles .
Critics were unkind , calling the show “ a mishmash of mediocrity ” that was meant for “ kids with low IQs . ”
But viewers lapped it up , making it the No. 1 local show by 1962 .
A survey at the time revealed that more than a third of Sales ’ fans consisted of adults .
Some of them were hosting pie-lobbing parties in their basements .
One day , Sinatra called .
“ Hey , Soupy , it ’s Frank , ” he said .
“ I want to come on your show on one condition : I get hit with a pie . ”
Sales was happy to fulfill the legendary crooner ’s wish .
The appearance by Sinatra stirred a stampede of stars hungry for the same humiliation .
One night featured a triple - header : Sinatra , Sammy Davis Jr. and Trini Lopez were all pied together .
Advertisement
In his evening show , Sales also featured jazz musicians including Miles Davis , Dizzy Gillespie and Duke Ellington .
The Ken Burns jazz documentary included a clip from Sales ’ show .
Once , the crew played a joke on him by posing a naked woman in a stage door .
When Sales opened the door , he gasped and feared his career was over , but the scene was never telecast .
For notoriety , nothing beat the show that aired New Year ’s Day 1965 , when Sales was producing the program in New York .
Told he had a minute to fill , the comic told the children watching on WNEW - TV to find their parents ’ wallets and “ get all the green pieces of paper with the pictures of guys in beards ” and mail them to him .
In return , he said , he would send them “ a postcard from Puerto Rico . ”
Sales had used the same joke in Detroit and Los Angeles .
But this time , the prank elicited some $ 80,000 “ in Monopoly money , ” as well as a complaint from a viewer filed with the FCC .
Sales ’ show was suspended , prompting fans to swamp the station ’s switchboard with protest calls , mostly from high school and college students who demanded that their favorite television fare resume .
Within a week , it did .
Advertisement
On a website devoted to the Sales show , a fan recalled that the first program after the New Year ’s episode opened with stock footage of dancing girls kicking up their heels and crowds cheering ; the musical accompaniment was “ Happy Days Are Here Again . ”
“ It was obvious to all of us that our beloved Soupy was unrepentant , ” the fan wrote , “ and we repressed youths were behind him .
I must dispute the thesis . . . that Froggy from ‘ Andy ’s Gang ’ was the cause of ‘ 60s rebelliousness .
It was Soupy who inspired my generation to anarchy . ”
Sales called the episode “ the most brilliant minute of ad - lib in television history because it proved how powerful the medium is . ”
Later that year he invented a dance called “ The Mouse , ” a loony version of the Twist in which Sales bared his upper teeth , raised his hands to his ears and wiggled his fingers while chewing in time to the music .
He performed it several times on “ The Ed Sullivan Show , ” where he met dancer Trudy Carson .
They were married in 1980 .
When animation took over children ’s programming in the 1960s , personalities such as Shari Lewis and Sales began to lose their appeal .
In 1966 his show was not renewed in New York and went into syndication .
A new version was produced and syndicated in 1978 - 79 .
Advertisement
During the next few decades , Sales starred in a short - lived Broadway comedy and became a regular panelist on the long - running TV game show “ What ’s My Line ? ”
He also was a featured performer in the musical variety show “ Sha Na Na ” from 1978 to 1981 .
In the mid-1980s , he emceed a radio show on WNBC in New York , sandwiched between Don Imus and Howard Stern .
He acted in several movies , notably in the role of Moses in the 1993 cult comedy " . . .
And God Spoke . ”
He once acknowledged that his trademark pie routine hurt his career : “ Producers say , ‘ Hey , all he does is throw pies . ’
It kept me off a lot of shows . ”
His authority in pie-tossing even landed him in court -- as an expert witness .
In 1974 he was called to testify in the court - martial of a sailor accused of pitching a pie into an officer ’s face .
Noted defense attorney William Smith enlisted Sales to tell how , after launching more than 19,000 creamy missiles , he had never been prosecuted for assault with a pie .
Pie-hurling , Sales told the court , was “ a harmless joke ” designed to “ relieve tensions and frustrations . ”
He offered to perform at the Port Hueneme naval base Christmas show if the charges were dropped but was turned down .
The sailor was found guilty .
Advertisement
Sales kept up club appearances through the 1990s , performing before audiences of baby boomers .
“ A lot of people grew up watching me , ” he told The Times several years ago .
“ I ’ll probably be remembered for the pies , and that ’s all right .
That ’s fine and dandy .
I ’m flattered . ”
He is survived by his wife of 29 years , Trudy Carson Sales ; sons Tony and Hunt from a previous marriage ; a brother ; and four grandchildren .
elaine.woo@latimes.com
KENOSHA , Wis. , Aug. 13 ( UPI ) --
An official in a Wisconsin city says he is pushing for an ordinance that would impose $ 118 fines on people who swear at police officers and firefighters .
Kenosha Alderman Patrick Juliana said that while the city already has an ordinance banning profane , vile , filthy or obscene language within the city limits , complaints must be filed by a third party and his proposed new rule would allow police and firefighters to write citations for language directed at them , WITI - TV , Milwaukee , reported Thursday .
Advertisement
However , WITI said some citizens speaking anonymously raised concerns about the proposal , which has the backing of the city 's Public Safety and Welfare Committee , on First Amendment grounds .
Some said the proposed ordinance seems more like a ploy by officials to get more money for the city than a plot to protect its public servants .
The City Council is to hear the proposal Sept. 7 , the Kenosha News reported .
" Some days I can spend all day working on the site and sometimes it runs on its own but I am looking to expand it . "
Joe briefly studied IT after leaving school but turned his back on education in order to concentrate on making improvements to his online game .
Inside the car controller
With the remote keyless - entry systems that you find on cars today , security is a big issue .
If people could easily open other people 's cars in a crowded parking lot at the mall , it would be a real problem .
And with the proliferation of radio scanners , you also need to prevent people from " capturing " the code that your transmitter sends .
Once they have your code , they can simply re-transmit it to open your car .
The photo below shows you the guts of a typical key - ring controller for a modern car :
Advertisement
Advertisement
You can see that everything has been miniaturized .
There is a small chip that creates the code that gets transmitted , and the small silver can ( about the size of a split pea ) is the transmitter .
The controller chip in any modern controller uses something called a hopping code or a rolling code to provide security .
For example , if you read this PDF , it describes a system that uses a 40 - bit rolling code .
Forty bits provide 240 ( about 1 trillion ) possible codes .
Here 's how it works :
function code that tells the car what you want to do ( lock the doors , unlock the doors , open the trunk , etc. ) .
The transmitter 's controller chip has a memory location that holds the current 40 - bit code .
When you push a button on your key fob , it sends that 40 - bit code along with athat tells the car what you want to do ( lock the doors , unlock the doors , open the trunk , etc. ) .
The receiver 's controller chip also has a memory location that holds the current 40 - bit code .
If the receiver gets the 40 - bit code it expects , then it performs the requested function .
If not , it does nothing .
synchronized .
The receiver only opens the door if it receives the code it expects .
Both the transmitter and the receiver use the same pseudo - random number generator .
When the transmitter sends a 40 - bit code , it uses the pseudo - random number generator to pick a new code , which it stores in memory .
On the other end , when the receiver receives a valid code , it uses the same pseudo - random number generator to pick a new one .
In this way , the transmitter and the receiver are .
The receiver only opens the door if it receives the code it expects .
If you are a mile away from your car and accidentally push the button on the transmitter , the transmitter and receiver are no longer synchronized .
The receiver solves this problem by accepting any of the next 256 possible valid codes in the pseudo - random number sequence .
This way , you ( or your three - year - old child ) could " accidentally " push a button on the transmitter up to 256 times and it would be okay -- the receiver would still accept the transmission and perform the requested function .
However , if you accidentally push the button 257 times , the receiver will totally ignore your transmitter .
It wo n't work anymore .
So , what do you do if your three - year - old child DOES desynchronize your transmitter by pushing the button on it 300 times , so that the receiver no longer recognizes it ?
Most cars give you a way to resynchronize .
Here is a typical procedure :
Turn the ignition key on and off eight times in less than 10 seconds .
This tells the security system in the car to switch over to programming mode .
Press a button on all of the transmitters you want the car to recognize .
Most cars allow at least four transmitters .
Switch the ignition off .
Given a 40 - bit code , four transmitters and up to 256 levels of look - ahead in the pseudo - random number generator to avoid desynchronization , there is a one - in - a - billion chance of your transmitter opening another car 's doors .
When you take into account the fact that all car manufacturers use different systems and that the newest systems use many more bits , you can see that it is nearly impossible for any given key fob to open any other car door .
You can also see that code capturing will not work with a rolling code transmitter like this .
Older garage door transmitters sent the same 8 - bit code based on the pattern set on the DIP switches .
Someone could capture the code with a radio scanner and easily re-transmit it to open the door .
With a rolling code , capturing the transmission is useless .
There is no way to predict which random number the transmitter and receiver have chosen to use as the next code , so re-transmitting the captured code has no effect .
With trillions of possibilities , there is also no way to scan through all the codes because it would take years to do that .
Related HowStuffWorks
Links
Other Great Links
Welcome to SeedBay
Free pack of NL # 2 x Chem x OPG with every order
Putting aside politics ... can these jokers calm down for just a second ?
Apparently EVERY action by the Obama administration , whether good or bad , is a " sweeping government takeover " and an " end to freedom . "
Please guys ... give it a rest .
Net neutrality and internet regulation is an important issue - a hugely important issue - and it deserves serious discussion and debate .
While I 'm in favor of net neutrality , I 'm not going to automatically sign on to what Obama 's FCC has in mind until I know more about it , although I 'll certainly take his word , and Google 's , and Amazon's , over AT&T and Comcast 's any day .
But apparently this is what passes for serious policy discussion among these guys :
The dangers of the administration ’s Net Neutrality plans are not theoretical : Innovation will suffer , and America will no longer house the leading edge of the Internet technology .
Wealth will be redistributed , as cash - rich , massive market valued Internet firms will bully and get a free ride on capital - intensive , smaller market valued telecommunications firms .
Government will be deeply entrenched and be a costly burden to anyone who conducts business or pleasure on the Internet .
One of the drivers of American economic growth will be crippled in a time when we most need new jobs .
What a freaking joke .
At least the Republican opposition to health care reform could claim some semblance of a valid critique - they do n't want government intervention in their lives even if it brings down costs and expands coverage .
Well , OK , fine .
But supporting the right of monopolistic telecoms to discriminate against you is the height of idiocy .
It 's like saying we should n't have a first Amendment because it's a " government takeover " that will force them not to censor you .
And " innovation will suffer , " really ?
We 've had , in essence , net neutrality for the entire history of the web .
Has innovation suffered ?
Allowing old media companies to put restrictions on bandwidth and content , at the whim of some AT & T or Comcast exec , is exactly the kind of behavior that will kill small business - driven web innovation as we know it .
No wonder venture capitalists ( yep , actual capitalists ) are weighing in decisively on Obama 's side .
This commenter on a TechDirt article hits the nail on the head :
Do you feel the same way about telephone service ?
How about if AT&T bought an interest in Pizza Hut and then began redirecting calls to other pizza shops to Pizza Hut instead ?
( A similar situation led to the invention of the automatic telephone switch . )
Or how about if the local power company bought an interest in Pizza Hut and then began cutting power to the other pizza shops ?
Fortunately , big bad " regulations " do n't allow that .
And just in case you thought I was picking on one blogger from Red State , I 've seen this viewpoint , and these talking points repeated more than a few times over the past couple days .
The telecoms are clearly launching a PR offensive here , just like the insurance companies did with their " death panels . "
Let 's hope this is the moment when the lobbyist - Republican complex jumps the shark even for its own base and at least a few conservatives realize that arguing for corporations against their own free market rights is downright idiotic .
In a rare moment of dissent , in fact , one of the commenters on Red State expressed a shadow of a doubt about the post 's framing :
I 'm confused .
I thought that Net Neutrality was the idea that data is treated the same wasy by the fabric of the network , regarless of the origin or destination ( withthe exception of time - dependent data , which the internet protocol really does n’t handle well ) .
In other words , the system that ’s in place now .
It seems to me that the carriers and ISPs are making money from the current arrangement ; maybe not as much as they ’d like , but lets face it , no one EVER makes as much money as they ’d like .
If they ’re currently operating at a loss , they need to either get more efficient , or they should get out of the business and open up market share to people who can do it more efficiently - a little thing I like to call " captialism " ( I know , it ’s a radical concept in this culture ) .
I ’m NOT in favor of altering the rules of the network if the only purpose is to protect inefficient carriers , or to transfer profitability from the content providers to the carriers .
I ’m a fan of the current arrangment because it has , for the first time , made " freedom of the press " a reality for everyone , not just people who can afford a press .
It ’s offered the possibility of new forms of communication - which means that we ’ve been freed of dependence on the traditional media ( and as conservatives , we should REALLY be celebrating this !! ) .
To which the original diarist replies :
The confusion is intentional .
The left is using the Net Neutrality banner as the crisis with which to push through sweeping socialist action .
( end of message )
Well he is right about one thing .
The confusion IS intentional .
Beck the oh - so - earnest - savior - of - the - Republic :
Beck 's website ( subscription required ) also includes the following " comedy " segments , apparently broadcast on Beck 's nationally syndicated radio program :
A mock radio jingle for the species of grouper formerly known as the " jewfish , " containing the line : " Close your eyes and try to picture a great big friendly jewfish -- that is unless you 're Jewish .
Oh yeah , and that reminds us : Jewfish get real stinky if you leave them in the car . "
Several short segments listing " rejected NCAA team names , " including : " the Los Angeles Limp - Wrists , " " the New Jersey Jumpin ' Jews , " and " the Atlanta Murdering Rampage of Savage Rapin ' Injuns . "
A satirical song about the reformed " New KKK " :
The song details the fictitious organization 's practice of " close - to - painful murdering of the dark people . "
A musical mock - tribute to illegal border crossers :
The singer refers to Sen. Edward M. Kennedy ( D - MA ) as a " wasted " " leprechaun . "
An announcer says Mexico's " main contribution to American society is the deflowering of our teenage daughters on spring break . "
A segment titled " Real Iranian A - holes " :
The narrator alleges that Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad " had relations with a goat . "
Several segments featuring the misadventures of " Middle Eastern superheroes " named " Kandahar " and " Jalalabad " :
The two blow themselves up at the end of many episodes .
A mock preview of High Beams , a " five - minute movie " featuring " still pictures " of Jennifer Aniston 's " jugs . "
A song titled , " I Like Chinese " :
The singer brands the Chinese " small " and " cuddly , " stating that " they only come up to your knees " and " they all have names like Wang and Chung and Sun - Ji . "
Glenn Beck 2001 : Rep. Rangel and other people " we 'd like to beat to death with a shovel "
Get off my phone you evil little bitch ?
And do n't forget Poland !
The boy who cried euthanasia :
Beck juxtaposed Hitler 's " decree permitting euthanasia " with Clinton 's plan for health care
On the November 14 [ 2006 ] edition of his CNN Headline News program , Glenn Beck juxtaposed Adolf Hitler 's " decree permitting euthanasia " with Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton 's ( D - NY ) statement that " the whole issue of health care is coming back . "
In his " Real Story " segment , Beck discussed a recent reported statement by leaders of the Church of England advocating that , according to a November 12 article in The Observer , " doctors ... be given the right to withhold treatment from seriously disabled newborn babies in exceptional circumstances . "
The article added that the church 's decision stated that " 'it may in some circumstances be right to choose to withhold or withdraw treatment , knowing it will possibly , probably , or even certainly result in death . "
Beck said the report was " a very slippery slope " and compared it to the case of " Baby Knauer , " a blind and physically deformed infant who Beck claimed " was allowed to die " in Nazi Germany and whom Beck , echoing Discovery Institute senior fellow Wesley J. Smith , described as " the first victim of the Holocaust . "
Beck then juxtaposed Hitler 's decision to create " a panel of ' expert ' referees , which judged the infants and found out which ones were eligible for death " with a clip of Clinton stating her desire to find a " uniquely American solution " to health care in the United States : BECK :
Once he [ Hitler ] was through with the babies , the elderly were next .
As it has been said over and over again with tragedies regarding the Holocaust : never again .
So , when you see politicians making statements like this one yesterday -- CLINTON [ video clip ] :
But the whole issue of health care is coming back .
That may be a bad dream for some , but for others , it 's a very welcome possibility , because we are on an unsustainable course .
I think that we have to come up with a uniquely American solution .
BECK : OK .
When you see statements like that , be afraid .
Be very , very afraid .
It 's not a bad dream for me ; it is a nightmare .
Hillary , thanks , but no thanks .
1993 was n't that long ago .
I remember all too well that confused , nonsensical mess you tried to make of the greatest health care system in the world .
Why does this have such a familiar ring to it ?
Hmm , let me think .
Oh yes - this is why :
Beck sure knows how to play that euthanasia card .
Glenn Beck , January 20 , 2006 :
BECK : Why am I the " Worst Person in the World " again ?
With Keith Olbermann -- BURGUIERE : Because you called Cindy Sheehan a tragedy pimp or whatever .
BECK : Oh yeah , yeah .
That was harsh of me , was n't it ?
To say , to say that she was a tragedy pimp -- pimping out the tragedy of her own son's death for her own agenda ?
It 's almost so horrible , it seems true .
Oh , and does Beck really think we have the best health care system in the world ?
USA Today - Glenn Beck 's Hospital Visit Fuels Crusade
Glenn Beck , founder of the 9 - 12 Project , in his own words , continued :
Glenn Beck , June 8 , 2006 :
On the June 8 edition of his nationally syndicated radio show , CNN Headline News host Glenn Beck stated emphatically that Coulter was " right " about the " 9 - 11 wives . "
Beck agreed with Coulter that " [ j ] ust because you lost somebody in a tragedy does n't mean that you get a free pass for the rest of your life . "
Beck also stated : " I like Ann Coulter , " and said he did not " have a problem " with her characterization of some 9 - 11 widows as " the witches of East Brunswick [ N.J. ] . "
Glenn Beck called hurricane survivors in New Orleans " scumbags , " said he " hates " 9 - 11 families
BECK : When you are rioting for these tickets , or these ATM cards , the second thing that came to mind was -- and this is horrible to say , and I wonder if I 'm alone in this -- you know it took me about a year to start hating the 9 - 11 victims ' families ?
Took me about a year .
And I had such compassion for them , and I really wanted to help them , and I was behind , you know , " Let 's give them money , let 's get this started . " ...
And when I see a 9 - 11 victim family on television , or whatever , I 'm just like , " Oh shut up ! "
I 'm so sick of them because they 're always complaining .
And we did our best for them .
...
But the second thought I had when I saw these people and they had to shut down the Astrodome and lock it down , I thought : I did n't think I could hate victims faster than the 9 - 11 victims .
These guys -- you know it 's really sad .
We 're not hearing anything about Mississippi .
We 're not hearing anything about Alabama .
We 're hearing about the victims in New Orleans .
This is a 90,000 - square - mile disaster site , New Orleans is 181 square miles .
A hundred and -- 0.2 percent of the disaster area is New Orleans !
And that 's all we 're hearing about , are the people in New Orleans .
Those are the only ones we 're seeing on television are the scumbags
Glenn Beck , August 10 , 2006 :
And when that happens , the terrorists are going to bomb the oil fields .
When that happens , when you see 10 planes go into the Atlantic Ocean , and if Iran is ready , that 's when they 're going to make their move in the Middle East and that 's the same time within two days that 's when Venezuela will shut the oil down over here .
And I 'm telling you it 's coming .
And at that point , you know what happens ?
All you Muslims who have sat on your frickin' hands the whole time and have not been marching in the streets and have not been saying , " Hey , you know what ?
There are good Muslims and bad Muslims .
We need to be the first ones in the recruitment office lining up to shoot the bad Muslims in the head . "
I 'm telling you , with God as my witness , America is -- no I 'm not going to make this an American thing -- human beings are not strong enough , unfortunately , to restrain themselves from putting up razor wire and putting you on one side of it .
When things -- when people become hungry , when people see that their way of life is on the edge of being over , they will put razor wire up and just based on the way you look or just based on your religion , they will round you up .
Is that wrong ?
Oh my gosh , it is Nazi , World War II wrong , but society has proved it time and time again :
It will happen .
The time to solve these things is when there 's somewhat reasonable people engaged .
But once you cut our oil supply off , once you set the Middle East on fire , and once you drop 10 planes into the Atlantic Ocean , the razor wire is coming .
Glenn Beck , June 28 , 2006 : SEVERE IRONY ALERT :
BECK : Everybody always thinks if you 're in the press , you just -- you have to believe that the government is evil , do n't you think ?
I think that 's the first thing in Journalism 101 they teach you -- the government is evil and you must take them down at all costs .
Or , how is it that they all have that attitude ?
That 's what I 'd like to know .
That 's , you know -- that 's the number - one thing on the declaration of principles that I would like to see The New York Times print .
Because , you know , we 're always saying , " Aw , they do n't understand us . "
Well , I do n't understand them .
I do n't know who these people are .
How can you be fighting for the same things that Al Qaeda wants , you know ?
Can you imagine -- can you imagine The New York Times coming out and saying " Hey , the ovens are n't so bad , " back in World War II ?
Can you imagine that ?
I do n't know ; sure , there are some Jews in there , but I bet they might make some good pizzas in there too .
What are you -- what ?
The New York Times is just -- I do n't get it .
I do n't understand it .
Except that I really truly believe that they believe that we 're a bad nation , or at least our government is bad and has always been bad .
" You know , we 've been passing out those smallpox blankets to Indians . "
" The government is evil and you must take them down at all costs . "
Wow - that sounds a lot like the theme of Glenn Beck 's show each and every night !
Glenn Beck , May 14 , 2004 ( back then it was apparently per se very wrong to compare the United States government to al Qaida ) :
BECK : It is truly amazing to see the photos of uh -- of Nick Berg 's dad out on the lawn just preaching to the choir about how he 's gonna be on stage for an International A.N.S.W.E.R. [ Act Now to Stop War & End Racism ] rally that is uh , rallying the people against racism and the war in just a couple of weeks -- do n't forget the date .
It 's truly amazing stuff .
Then he came out yesterday also and said , " Well , ya know , al Qaida MAY be as bad as the Bush administration . " [ long pause ]
I 'm supposed to feel bad for this guy .
I 'm supposed to say at this point , " You know , he 's grieving , and so you can understand how upset he is . "
But I really can't .
Um , I -- I -- I -- I could get on and I can fake that I 'm really -- you know , that I understand his statements and I , you know , feel bad for him .
And I do feel bad for him .
Some of the statements I do understand .
I can give him the benefit of the doubt on some of the statements , but not the -- not the collective whole .
I 'm beginning to really dislike this guy .
I 'm beginning to question , you know , " Can you let your son 's body become the same temperature as your son's head before you turn this into a political campaign against the president -- could you do that ? "
BECK : I find this guy [ Michael Berg ] despicable .
Everything in me says that .
The want to be a better person today than I was yesterday says he 's a dad , he 's grieving , but I do n't buy that .
I 'm sorry , I do n't buy it .
I think he is grieving , but I think he 's a scumbag as well .
I do n't like this guy at all . "
Beck claims Obama 's " civilian national security force " is " what Hitler did with the SS , " " what Saddam Hussein " did
Beck has been perfecting his current schtick since at least 2006 .
This is his trademark OMFG - the - end - is - near - life - as - we - know - it - hangs - in - the - balance fear - mongering ( akin to a constant " Breaking News " bumper to suck in viewers ) :
Glenn Beck , August 9 , 2006 :
BECK : Look , everybody is talking about politics today , and we will , too , later on in the program .
But first , I want to talk about something much more important .
August 22nd -- it is the day that Israel might be wiped off the map , leading to all - out Armageddon .
August 22nd could be the day that makes people who are the most skeptical about my World War III theory say , " Holy mother of God , what 's happening ? "
August 22nd could be the day that agnostics get down on one knee and start to pray , " Sweet Jesus , are you coming today ? "
What I 'm about to tell you nobody else is going to tell you .
Honestly , it gave me great pause today , because it 's verging on the edge of insanity .
It really is .
With that being said , the source is so good there 's no way I can't tell you this news .
Let me make this clear .
This is not my theory , and I hope that it 's wrong .
Princeton University 's Professor Bernard Lewis , this guy , look him up .
He has been called the most influential post - war historian of Islam and the Middle East .
He is suggesting that Iran 's Islamic end - of - times prophecies could be fulfilled on August 22nd .
This August 22nd , 13 days from now .
Glenn Beck , December 14 , 2006 :
On the December 14 edition of his CNN Headline News program , Glenn Beck said remarks by Rep. Tom Tancredo ( R- CO ) in a November 19 interview with right - wing website WorldNetDaily.com " liken[ing ] Miami to a Third World country " have " touched off a wave of controversy " that allegedly resulted in " death threats " and the cancellation of a Tancredo speaking engagement in Florida .
Beck reasoned that " you can disagree with Tancredo all you want .
...
But threaten to assassinate someone because you do n't like his point of view ?
That actually does sound something like you 'd find in a Third World country . " ...
Beck has himself ruminated on the possibility of assassinating a public figure .
As Media Matters for America has noted , on the May 17 broadcast of his nationally syndicated radio program , Beck said he was " thinking about killing [ filmmaker ] Michael Moore " and pondered whether " I could kill him myself , or if I would need to hire somebody to do it , " before concluding : " No , I think I could .
I think he could be looking me in the eye , you know , and I could just be choking the life out -- is this wrong ? "
Glenn Beck , June 2 , 2006 :
On the June 2 broadcast of his nationally syndicated radio show , CNN Headline News host Glenn Beck accused " liberals " of wanting to " rape " illegal immigrants by " hav[ing ] them pay into Social Security " without " allow[ing ] them to get any of those funds back . "
In fact , when the Senate considered an amendment by Sen. John Ensign ( R - NV ) that would have prevented newly legalized immigrants from receiving credit for Social Security benefits for work done as illegal immigrants , Democrats overwhelmingly opposed the amendment , while Republicans strongly supported it .
In the May 18 roll - call vote , 38 of the 44 Senate Democrats voted to table the Ensign amendment , while 44 of 55 the Senate Republicans voted to keep the amendment under consideration .
Sen. Jim Jeffords ( I - VT ) also voted to table the amendment , and Sen. John D. Rockefeller IV ( D - WV ) did not vote .
The amendment was tabled by a 50 - 49 vote , effectively killing the measure .
CALLER : I 've had some co-workers -- they believe that the government does n't want us to check because they want the money to get paid into the Social Security fund by people who will most likely never collect on it .
BECK : They -- wait a minute , hang on .
You know what , I gotta tell you something .
This one kills me , because a lot of the people who make this particular argument , they 're like , " Hey , man , they 're [ illegal immigrants ] actually helping Social Security . "
Those people who make that argument usually are the liberals .
And I hear that , and I think , " What kind of evil ? "
You call me evil ?
You know , " Those evil , heartless conservatives . "
You 're saying , " Let 's screw the illegal alien .
Let 's have them pay into Social Security , and then rape 'em .
Never allow them to get any of those funds back . "
My gosh -- and I 'm the evil one .
Glenn Beck , May 9 , 2006 :
BECK : First , a new poll is suggesting that American support for illegal aliens has fallen in recent weeks .
No !
I have no idea if it has anything to do with last week 's boycott or that truly awful Spanish version of " The Star - Spangled Banner . "
I mean , forget where you stand on immigration , as a music fan , you should have been offended .
The song sounded like Enrique Iglesias was throwing up on a mariachi band and then recorded it .
I 'm just sayin ' .
But here 's some free advice for the illegals :
Asking for rights and demanding them are two different things .
I 'm sorry , but I mean , to a lot of us , it felt like you were doing the latter .
I mean , you shot yourself in the foot .
See , America is kind of like a big pizza or , you know , in this case , a , you know , big quesadilla .
If I order a quesadilla , I 'll gladly give you a piece .
But do n't grab the whole thing and say , " It 's mine ! " I mean , it seems like America 's response to your whole " one continent , this country 's really ours " shtick ?
Not so much .
You know ?
The bottom line is I 'm pro-immigrant .
I think everybody I know is pro-immigrant but anti-illegal activity .
We want you to come here , we want you to bring your culture here -- melt with ours .
You make us stronger .
Just do n't try to conquer our culture .
I mean , I enjoy a tangy salsa -- no , I do , but that does n't mean I 'm ready to abolish sour cream .
You need both ingredients for the perfect quesadilla .
And you can't spell " quesadilla " without " USA . "
Wish I was wearing a flag pin .
I think the illegal immigrant movement has really hurt itself with the protests .
And here to remind me that " illegal " translates into " illegál " in Spanish is Gustavo Arellano .
He is the writer of OC Weekly " Ask a Mexican . "
Hello , Gustavo . ...
BECK : The problem is , is a lot of people get the feeling that -- you know , America is a country , it 's kind of like a big living room , man .
You come on into my living room , I want you to hang out with me .
You know what I mean ?
But do n't come in and then just pee all over the carpet and say , " Hey , this place is mine .
This is my couch . "
I mean , I invited you in .
Now come on , be a part of the family .
May 8 , 2006 :
Even though Beck asserted during the interview that he has " no problem with immigrants coming in " to the United States , Cooper neither noted nor asked Beck about comments he has recently made regarding illegal immigrants , Mexicans , and Mexico .
For example , as Media Matters for America has documented : Commenting on immigration protests , Beck stated that Mexico " is a country that has been overtaken by lawbreakers from the bottom to the top .
And now , what you 're protesting for is to have lawbreakers come here . "
Responding to criticism of his remarks on immigration protests , Beck claimed " [ I ] pretty much stand by " the assertion that " Mexico is run by nothing but criminals . "
Regarding immigrants entering illegally from Mexico , Beck said that either " they 're terrorists , " " they 're escaping the law , " or " [t ] hey ca n't make a living in their own dirtbag country . "
Most recently , on his May 5 nationally syndicated radio show , Beck aired a mock commercial for a fictional amusement park called " Cinco de Flag , " that touted rides such as the " tractor - trailer run , " in which " [ w ] e simulate an 18 - wheeler full of illegal immigrants trying to cross the border when the INS [ Immigration and Naturalization Service ] breaks in . "
The mock commercial also advertised the " craziest ride ever to come to Mexico : a job application ! "
The commercial added : " Feel the exhilaration of what it would actually be like to apply for and get a job in Mexico .
Imagine the rush of an economy that wo n't make residents of its country prefer a life away from family while running from the law . "
After the commercial ended , Beck played the 1958 song " Tequila " by The Champs in celebration of Cinco de Mayo , referring to it as the " Mexican national anthem , " and added , " of course , we changed the words to English . "
UPDATED TO ADD : ENOUGH !
Have you no sense of decency , sir , at long last ?
Have you left no sense of decency ?
UPDATE 2 :
This is interesting ...
LDS Living Magazine :
When Glenn was eighteen , he transferred to Salt Lake City .
He shared an apartment with a returned missionary in nearby Provo , but he was not open to hearing the gospel , and his powerful personality had a negative influence on his roommate .
“ I was turning him to the dark side , ” Glenn said .
Who is this person , and can we talk to him ?
I ’m doing a “ build your own single board computer ” workshop at the Midwest Gaming Classic 2020 in downtown Milwaukee this April .
The design is based on the classic Z80 ( which they still manufacture believe it or not ) and is quite small , only 3 x 3 ″ .
It has an expansion port , build - in OLED screen , Atmel MCU as screen driver / USB serial port converter and an SD card adapter for loading BIN , HEX and saving files or doing RAM dumps .
This workshop is meant to teach how memory addressing works and you also get to take home the sweet computer you build !
Basic soldering skills will be helpful and there ’s also a decent amount of surface mount ( fairly large parts to make it do - able ) so tips and tricks on how to work with that are also part of the experience .
Sign up using the links below !
( limited to 25 spots )
Here are the YouTube videos I ’ve made discussing the design process .
Once the design has been verified it will be posted to my Github if you ca n’t make it to the workshop but want to order your own copy of the PCB .
Enlarge By Eric Gay , AP Tyler Curiel , executive director of the Cancer Therapy & Research Center at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio , talks with post - doctoral fellow Shawna Wall , right , at their lab in San Antonio .
FORUM : LIVING WITH CANCER FORUM : LIVING WITH CANCER Patients , survivors , loved ones touched by any type of cancer invited to share questions , advice , experiences HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER AUSTIN , Texas ( AP ) 
Texas gave birth to the modern oil industry , invented the handheld calculator and sent man to the moon .
But can the Lone Star State cure cancer ?
Texas is ready to try by investing $ 3 billion over the next decade in cancer research and prevention , which would make the state the gatekeeper of the second largest pot of cancer research dollars in the United States , behind only the National Cancer Institute .
" I do n't know anyone that would stand shoulder - to - shoulder with what they 're trying to do , " said Robert Urban , executive director of the Koch Institute for Innovative Cancer Research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
That impression is what Texas leaders sought in 2007 , when the state created the Cancer Prevention and Research Institute of Texas through an ambitious bond measure approved by voters .
Lance Armstrong , champion cyclist and cancer survivor , sold the plan to voters , and Gov. Rick Perry said he dreamed of a day " we talk about cancer the same way we talk about polio . "
LIVE FROM LANCE : Armstrong 's diary from Global Cancer Summit FORUM : Living with Cancer Texas is now putting out the call to scientists : Come and get the money .
Institute leaders say the money will fund drug developments , gamble on high - risk research turned away elsewhere and attract big - name scientists to Texas .
Creating the first statewide clinical trial network , which could give cancer patients more access to experimental drugs , also is being discussed .
But so much money on the table — particularly in the hands of a state that 's new to funding cancer research — has some researchers worried that politics and backroom deals will play a role in deciding who gets what .
The agency will invest upward of $ 260 million a year on cancer research and $ 30 million in preventive services such as early detection screenings .
A sagging economy also makes some skittish about whether the state will follow through with funding for an entire decade .
" That $ 3 billion is n't in the bank , " said Dr. Tyler Curiel , executive director of the Cancer Therapy & Research Center at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio .
" What if the money is n't going to be there in the future ? "
Curiel is among the hundreds of researchers who began writing applications last month for a slice of the $ 450 million Texas will hand out over the first two years .
The first grants are expected to be awarded by spring .
The state also is hoping to lure more top scientists to Texas with $ 2 million offers for salary and research and is prepared to offer even more for " superstars . "
But once the money is doled out , the agency cautions , do n't expect any overnight miracles .
" ( We 're ) not going to bring new drugs to market during the first two years .
Nor during the first four years , " said Dr. Alfred Gilman , the institute 's chief scientific officer .
" It will take a good deal of time . "
No other state comes close to the amount of cancer research dollars Texas has pledged .
California voters in 2004 approved a $ 3 billion plan for a stem cell research agency , which opponents tied up in court for two years over the ethics of creating and destroying embryos from which the cells could be harvested .
Massachusetts in 2008 passed a $ 1 billion , 10 - year initiative to fund life sciences research , but some have wondered about the viability of that big - ticket endeavor given the state 's economic woes .
Texas , meanwhile , is doling out cancer research dollars at a time when funds nationwide have been flat or drying up .
The National Cancer Institute handed out $ 3.14 billion in so - called extramural grants in fiscal year 2008 , a slight drop from 2007 and down from $ 3.25 billion in 2005 .
The federal stimulus bill gave the NCI an additional $ 1.26 billion in grant money , but researchers say it 's still not enough .
Texas already is no slouch when it comes to fighting cancer .
The University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston is one of the top cancer research sites in the country , and the state is home to headquarters of Susan G. Komen for the Cure and the Lance Armstrong Foundation .
Dr. Patrick Reynolds , director of the cancer center at the Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center , returned to Texas last year after working at the University of Southern California .
He said there was frustration among researchers in California with the state spending billions on stem cell research but nothing to help cancer patients in the short term .
He expects other researchers to flock to Texas .
" I think what people are saying is that ( Texas ) really cares , " Reynolds said .
" And by golly , now we got some more resources to do something . "
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
This is the Duke family .
The father , Charles Moss Duke , Jr. born October 3 , 1935 .
The mom , Dorothy Meade Claiborne .
The two sons , Charles and Thomas .
They are probably in their garden , sitting on a bench .
They look so happy .
Advertisement
And they should be , because Charles Moss Duke was the lunar module pilot of Apollo 16 in 1972 .
He landed with mission commander John W. Young at the Descartes Highlands , which is what makes this photo so special :
It 's still there , untouched , unperturbed , exactly in the same position as he left it before taking this snapshot with his Hasselblad 70 mm film camera .
I did n't know about this fantastic photo until a couple of days ago , ignorant that I am .
Following the advice of my friend Adán — who is a space exploration fanboy like me — I bought an amazing book called Full Moon .
It shows the trip to the moon through 128 brunch - bacon - crispy photographs , many of them giant four - page spreads containing fascinating panoramas .
All clean , pitch black background , no text .
Like the silence of space .
Advertisement
Full Moon is not a new book :
It was curated and published in 1999 by Michael Light .
It contains the first and only digital scans of the Apollo missions ' original camera film .
See , when these images returned from space , NASA copied each of the photos , then stored the original film right away for future scanning .
Every lunar photo you have seen out there are copies made from copies of the originals .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The Apollo 11 Moon Landing Liveblog Apollo 11 Mission Commander Neil Armstrong and Lunar Module Pilot Buzz Aldrin are now on course to …
Read more
The vaults were opened for Light and this book for the first time .
He went through all of the original transparencies , selected what he thought were the best , scanned them using the best digital equipment available , created the spread panoramas when needed , and printed this book .
The quality is so perfect , and the selection so good , that I can't recommend it highly enough .
Advertisement
So there I was , sitting in amazement , slowly flipping through the amazing views , and then I found this .
It instantly caught my attention .
The idea of leaving such a happy photo in the surface of such a inhospitable place filled me with a mix of happiness , sadness , and much , much nostalgia .
I instantly remembered another image like that .
Surely , that image must have been inspired by Duke 's original shot :
Advertisement
Click to viewYou can buy Full Moon here .
Actually , you must .
G/O Media may get a commission Full Moon From amazon 7 purchased by readers Buy now
Chris Floyd Published : 06 October 2009 Hits : 10088
We wrote here last week of Arthur Silber 's telling insights into the misuses , abuses -- and ultimate uselessness -- of the " intelligence " reports produced by the security organs of powerful states .... particularly the world 's self - proclaimed " hyper- power " as it careens around the world in its obsessive - compulsive urge for domination .
Silber 's rule can be boiled down thusly : " Intelligence " is always -- always -- a political tool for the agenda of power , and it can never -- never -- be used to support an argument over policy .
You can only argue and infer from the facts ; if your case relies on " intelligence " – even if it seems temporarily favorable to your cause – then you are fighting on power 's own turf , using power 's own distorting terms , and making power 's case , not yours .
For once you accept that " intelligence " possesses some kind of objective truth when it seems to undercut some policy you abhor , what will you do when it suddenly changes and now supports that very policy ?
Again , Silber covers all this in eloquent detail , here and here .
This week gave us a glaring example of this principle in action .
Scarcely had the pixels dried on Silber 's posts when the New York Times came knocking with a story cobbled together from the usual anonymous " intelligence " sources to stoke the campaign of fearmongering over the " nuclear threat " from Iran .
The " intelligence " cited in the story is clearly aimed at undercutting the " intelligence " in the ballyhooed 2007 " National Intelligence Estimate " ( NIE ) , in which America 's security organs concluded that Iran did not have an active nuclear weapons program .
As Silber notes , this report has been used incessantly by well - meaning dissidents who are rightly trying to head off the war of aggression against Iran that is the fervent – even wet – dream of America 's powerful militarist factions .
But as pointed out here years ago ( again channeling Silber ) , that report was itself a trap for anti-war forces , because it also declared that Iran had been working actively on a nuclear weapon until 2003 – an assertion that flew in the face of all known facts and international inspection reports .
To accept the claims of the NIE report as objective truth , you would also have to accept the warmongers ' insistence that Iran was actively seeking a nuclear weapon , even though they may have temporarily put the program on hold .
Again , you would be accepting the militarists ' terms , and their deadly context : i.e. , that Iran wants nukes , and must be stopped from getting them
In any case , the NYT story shows the " intelligence " worm turning to bite the citers of the NIE .
The story cites a new report by unnamed staffers of the International Atomic Energy Agency which in turn cites unspecified , unconfirmed , tentative intelligence from unnamed sources that concludes – tentatively – that Iran might have re-started at least some parts of its nuclear weapons program ( whose previous existence had , of course , never been proved ) .
The money shot of the story is here :
A senior American official said last week that the United States was now re-evaluating its 2007 conclusions .
There you have it .
" Intelligence " giveth , and " intelligence " taketh away .
If the already flawed and falsified NIE report is now " re-evaluated , " or replaced by a new , more scary report on the " imminent threat " from Iran , what then ?
Shall we simply accept the new report as the objective truth – as many of us did with the NIE paper – and bow to its conclusions and implications ?
Or shall we not see , once again , that " intelligence " is just a flag run up by power – or by various factions in the halls of power as they tussle for pre-eminence – to rally forces around its agenda ?
II .
The NYT piece on the leaked report by unnamed IAEA staffers was followed hard upon by yet another war - stoking story the next day .
Where the first story sought to give aid and comfort to the hard - core warmongers , the second was aimed squarely at " moderates , " those who still hope wanly that we can maybe , somehow , some way , inflict harsh punishments on the Persians for their uppitiness without actually bombing or invading them outright .
( This , you understand , is the most " progressive " position on Iran allowed within the parameters of " serious " discussion in our political - media Establishment . )
The headline says it all : " Black Market Shows Iran Can Adapt to Sanctions . "
In fact , the headline is the point : it is the idea that is meant to lodge in readers ' minds , something to lurk there , unconsciously , when considering the great " debates " on " what we should do about Iran . "
Whenever " moderates " try to damp down war fever with talk of more sanctions , there 'll be a little flutter in the cellarage of the brain : " Say , sanctions do n't really work , do they ?
Iran can just go around them .
I 'm sure I 've read somewhere just how they do that . "
Again , as with " intelligence , " the goal is to seize the terms of the debate , to frame it so that it excludes all other alternatives but the one that suits power 's agenda .
Sanctions do n't work , the story tells us .
So what tools are left for leaders who must " do something " about Iran ?
( The idea of not doing something about Iran is , of course , inconceivable for imperial policymakers ; the logic and telos of the militarist cult of domination impels them to slap down Iran one way or another until Tehran goes down on bended knee .
And our cultists are n't concerned in the slightest if Iran has a brutally repressive government or is run by religious extremists ( see Saudi Arabia ) ; all they want is acquiescence , and access to the local loot . )
The logic is clear : if you must meddle , and sanctions are ineffective , then that leaves only military action .
And to whom does the Times turn for " expert " opinion on the inefficacy of sanctions against Iran ?
The sole analyst quoted is Michael Jacobson , of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy – a highly partisan extremist organization that was one of the chief instigators and incubators of the murderous war crime against Iraq , and one of the most enthusiastic cheerleaders for throttling Iran .
There was of course not a single scrap of background or context regarding WINEP in the Times story .
It was presented simply as an objective center for policy analysis .
Whereas even the mildest , most moderate and milquetoasty " progressive " think - tank would invariably be described as " left - leaning , " or identified as , say , " having opposed the Iraq War " or " a frequent critic of American foreign policy , " etc .
But then again , those who advocate war in an imperial system based on war really need no further description ; in such a system , the warmongers are thoroughly objective , mainstream , quite literally in the center of the prevailing worldview .
This week 's one - two punch of pro-war propaganda from the Times is a classic squeeze play by the manipulators of " intelligence , " designed to cut off all other options except the military one .
We have seen a similar operation being carried out in recent days on the escalation in Afghanistan , with the high militarists – like General Stanley " Death Squads R Us " McChrystal and Pentagon holdover honcho Robert Gates – making showy public noises about the absolutely imperative need to throw more troops into the Central Asian cauldron .
The clear intent is to ensure that Barack Obama remains faithful to the militarist faith he has so eagerly espoused , and does n't start waving just because the war is unwinnable and the people do n't want it .
This is life in a War State .
And there can really be no serious argument that this is not what the United States has become : a structure and system of permanent war .
Military action , military procurement , military bases , military needs , military dominance over diplomacy , budgets , " intelligence " and policy : these are the drivers of the modern American state .
Beginning in the years just after World War II , the most powerful factions of the bipartisan American elite came to the conclusion that " an aggressive foreign policy based on military strength was the only real foundation of economic prosperity . "
( The quote is a description of Adolf Hitler 's " doctrine of economic life " in the remarkable book by historian Adam Tooze , The Wages of Destruction . )
" An aggressive foreign policy based on military strength " was also the only way to maintain the global hegemony American elites acquired at the end of the war – a position of power and privilege which , once gained , they felt was their divine birthright .
And although there is much that is irrational and atrociously inhumane in the practical application of such a system , the system itself has an iron logic :
War makes us rich and powerful ; thus we will make war .
Dammann Frères , another French gourmet tea company , which sells about 800 tons a year , used to offer its teas only through businesses like delicatessens and luxury hotels .
But last year , it started to market itself to retail customers , opening its first tea boutique in Paris .
Since then , it has opened three boutiques in Japan and is considering a second in the French capital and one in London , said Pierre Merlanchon , marketing manager at Dammann Frères .
One of the most aggressive players is a new entrant to the market .
TWG Tea , based in Singapore , has managed in two years to expand its annual sales to 650 tons from nothing while also securing shelf space at Dean & DeLuca and getting served in Singapore Airlines ’ first - class cabins .
TWG Tea ’s chairman , Manoj Murjani , said he decided to invest $ 10 million to found TWG Tea with four partners after an investment he made in a small tea company gave him a sixfold return within 18 months .
“ We ’re really going for the high end of the market , and we ’re thinking big and we ’re starting big , ” he said .
“ From Year One to Year Two , we ’ve grown in terms of revenues tenfold , and going forward , I think we will be growing at fivefold a year . ”
He declined to give specific sales figures .
TWG Tea has one boutique in Singapore and plans to open a second one there in October , then its first in Japan and one in the Middle East in the first quarter of 2010 .
There are also plans for a shop in New York next year and a counter to open soon at a Dean & DeLuca store in New York .
The company clearly has a strong eye for marketing , positioning itself as an innovator with seasonal creations and developing beautiful , elaborate packaging .
TWG teas start at $ 4.20 for 50 grams , or 1.76 ounces .
I ’ve been wanting to write another blog post on the series on DSELs I ’ve been planning , but I ’ve been really swamped with work lately .
So once more I ’ll post a video or two on something I ’ve been working on .
It ’s the 4 blocks game again , this time playing on its own with an AI I ’ve written for it .
Here are the videos :
On the whole these were two good runs .
I ’ve had much better and much worse runs of course .
The AI is by no means perfect but it uses the DSEL techniques in Haskell .
I have two languages acting here :
1. A Tetris DSEL
2. Haskell acting as a meta - language over the Tetris DSEL .
What is happening is that for every new brick the game state is queried by Haskell for certain information such as occupied blocks or number of lines .
Using this information , by means of Haskell ’s case statement I simply trigger one of a possible number of strategies .
These strategies acquire certain information from the game state and generate a DSEL script .
This script is then carried out by a DSEL script interpreter .
There are numerous problems with the AI and its mostly because I have n’t had time to write more strategies or a more intelligent way to select what according to the selected strategy is the best final brick destination .
That ’s about it for now .
Let me know what you think .
Your car is like your home away from home .
You can spend anywhere from two to five hours a day in your commute to and from work or running errands .
It should say something about you personality .
There are a lot of cars that are the same thing over and over again .
You will see people try to come up with a cool airbrush design to put on the sides of their cars .
Some have a few bumper stickers or something hanging from the rearview mirror that says something about who they are .
But , these cars definitely have the owner ’s personality written all over them .
The Skull Car
The person that owns this car either has a love for all things dead or they just like the look of skulls .
Link
Hamster Powered Car
Think of the money you will save on gas with this car .
But , I bet you ca n’t go more than 5 miles per hour .
Link
The Flat Out Car
The world ’s lowest low rider , I am almost afraid of this car .
Link
Spaceship Car
What I want to know is does it fly ?
Link
Alien Car
If this car was coming up quick behind me in traffic , I am pretty sure I would move out of the way , especially if it was at night and down a dark road with barely any street lights .
Link
The Dragon Car
Does it breathe fire , too ?
Where ever this car goes I am sure that the owner gets asked that .
Link
Cat Car
This is for the die hard cat lovers out there .
When they honk the horn , does it meow ?
Link
Horse Powered Car
This horse powered car can help with the gas prices , but can you use the carpool lane ?
Link
Mouse Car
If the cat car seen this car on the road would it chase it ?
Link
The Monster Car
I do n’t see how the person can drive this car with the monster head in the way .
But , you have to admit it is definitely different .
Link
Every car on the road should be different , but taking it these extremes is just a little too much .
How do you deck out your car to suit you ?
Written by Harmony Stalter – Copyrighted © www.weirdworm.com
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Ross Brawn says he is doing everything he possibly can to ensure the tension between his drivers Jenson Button and Rubens Barrichello stays under control as the championship reaches its climax .
With just two races remaining , Button is 14 points ahead of Barrichello , who will be looking to win the next race at Interlagos to take the title battle down to the wire in Abu Dhabi .
If the Brazilian wins his home race , Button will need to finish in third to secure the title .
Brawn acknowledges there is just a limited amount of things he can do to ease the tension between his drivers , but says he is working intelligently to make sure the issues are minimised and the " negative " tension does not affect the team .
" I think you do what you can to minimise the tension and pressure that comes from being in this position , so I want to work diligently , intelligently and carefully , " said Brawn .
" But you just look around and make sure there is no tensions creeping in that can be negative and if there are then you deal with them .
" But that 's as much as you can do .
Work as well as you can , as precisely as you can , in much the same way as you have before .
It has been a very up and down season this year .
It has been very difficult to predict how you are going to do at each race .
" So we had some races where we thought Red Bull would be very strong and they have n't been , other races where we thought we might be strong and we have n't been so it 's quite a difficult season to predict .
" So each race you go to you 're never quite sure how competitive you are going to be and how competitive the other cars are going to be so it 's tricky in that respect . "
Brawn also conceded there is some concern that having to focus on this year 's car so much to win the title will pose a development problem next season , especially with some teams having already shifted their focus to 2010 .
" It 's true to some degree , " Brawn said .
" We have been conscious of a need to make sure next year 's programme is well supported .
I think conceptually the car is not so different next year but it's a non refuelling car so the fuel capacity is higher , the tyres are different .
" But the things we are doing aerodynamically now we can carry over to next year so it 's not such a dramatic change .
I think also everybody knows where they should be targeting .
" So we know what performance we have this year , we know what we should try and achieve next year , whereas some of the teams came in to this year not really knowing where they should be .
I do n't think it is quite as challenging next year as it was from 2008 to 2009 . "
The team boss admitted the situation , with his outfit fighting for both titles , has drastically changed the morale of his staff over the past year .
The Brackley - based squad , previously known as Honda , endured a dismal 2008 season and its future was in doubt when the Japanese car maker announced it was pulling out from F1 .
" It 's inevitable that if you are in this business , if you are getting results then it is a great motivator .
The team worked very well last year .
They worked very hard and they were very committed , but when you are winning races and fighting for a championship it does give you an extra incentive .
" It 's natural and it is human .
It is a very good team , I 've worked with some great teams in the past and it is an excellent team .
They are a good group of people , they work well together , it 's a good spirit in the team .
It does help .
" Inevitably this year is nicer for the guys than last year , when they were working just as hard and just as diligently but nothing was coming . "
CREATURE FROM THE DEEP : Rose Fraser was baffled by this find on Temuka 's Browns Beach yesterday .
It turned out to be from the top of a sperm whale 's head .
From the briny depths of the South Pacific has come a massive ... something ; which has parked itself on the stony shoreline of a Temuka beach .
Rose Fraser was walking along Browns Beach yesterday morning when she spotted the lump of stuff .
" I first saw it from a distance and I thought : ' That 's a big white rock on the shore line ... that was n't there four days ago ' . "
As she got closer to the thing she thought it could be a piece of driftwood – a really big bit of driftwood – but upon reaching it , Miss Fraser 's thoughts turned from sea to sky .
" I must admit , I thought : ' Heck , this is an alien ' .
It looks like it 's got big ribs coming out of it , but it looks like they could be tentacles , so I do n't know . "
Cautiously , and ready to run should the thing suddenly leap into life , Miss Fraser lobbed a rock at it , then prodded it with a stick .
Whatever it was , it sat there , not moving .
All it did was emit a slight odour .
After Miss Fraser rang
The Herald , a photo of the woolly , stringy object was sent to the Department of Conservation in Wellington , who sent it to Niwa and Te Papa .
It was also sent to Otago University 's whale experts .
After a flurry of emails a consensus was reached .
It was the top – essentially the stuffing – of a sperm whale 's head .
As the blob was soft tissue , compartmentalised and big , it was likely to be the large spermaceti organ and " junk " of a sperm whale , probably male .
Those structures deal with sound beam focusing in sperm whales and related whales and dolphins and were also filled with a straw - coloured oily wax called spermaceti or case oil .
It is not yet known what will happen to the blob of whale .
Tiny porkers with a big price tag : £ 700 ' micro - pigs ' are the latest celebrity pet craze
With their wrinkled little snouts , tiny trotters and oversized ears , they are irresistibly cute .
But while these micro pigs may be minuscule , their price tag is anything but .
In exchange for up to £ 700 , owners take home a pet which weighs just 9oz at birth and is the size of a tea cup .
Cute :
Tiny pigs the size of tea cups are the latest pet craze sweeping across Britain
Snout pout : Breeder Jane Croft enjoys a happy moment with one of her tiny pigs , which fetch up to £ 700 each
Two years later the pigs are fully grown - but still only weigh up to 65lb and stand at around 14in tall .
Unlike popular myth , the pigs are exceedingly clean and enjoy the company of people .
The adorable animals , which grow to just 14in tall , are being snapped up by celebrities , including Harry Potter actor Rupert Grint , who plays Ron Weasley .
‘ Demand for micro pigs is soaring and we are inundated with inquiries every day , ' says Jane Croft , 42 , who has given up her job to breed them full time .
‘ It 's amazing how popular they have suddenly become and just how many people want pigs as pets . ’
Micro pigs are much smaller than a standard farm pig and weigh 9oz , about the size of a tea cup when they are born .
At two years old they are fully grown and weigh in around 40 - 65 lb and are about knee height at 12 - 16 in tall .
They can live for up to 18 years , but make popular pets as they are low maintenance , quiet and surprisingly clean .
‘ Micro pigs make fantastic pets as they are very low maintenance .
You do n't have to take them for walks and they have very few health issues , ’ said Miss Croft .
‘ They do n't make much noise , they are easy to toilet train and once they have bonded with you they are very loving .
Pet with a difference :
The micro pigs ( pictured with an average sized cat ) are much smaller than a standard farm pig and weigh 9oz when they are born
‘ They are actually very clean and never mess in their bedding and are just so adorable .
‘ They are also highly intelligent and are the fourth most intelligent species after man , monkey and dolphin .
‘ They really are the perfect pets , I do n't know why people have n't thought of them before . ’
Micro pigs , which grow no bigger than a Labrador , are also good alternative pets for people with allergies .
‘ Lots of people are allergic to cats and dogs but you can't get allergies from pigs as their skin is very similar to ours , and they have hair not fur , ’ Miss Croft .
A ' fully grown ' micro pig :
The breed , even when they reach maturity , grow to just 14 inches tall
‘ We 've had many parents buy pigs for their children who suffer from fur allergies , ’ Miss Croft set up her micro pig breeding business five months ago at Little Pig Farm in Christchurch , Cambs .
She currently has 50 micro pigs , have been working 14 hours a day , seven days a week to keep up with demand .
Her company website has been getting 4,000 hits a week and she gets at least 60 emails and 40 phone calls a day from people all over the world , including America , Russia , Spain and even Australia .
‘ I have always adored pigs and I love the famous Winston Churchill quote about a pig being man 's equal .
I have been breeding pigs on and off as a hobby for 15 years , ’ said Miss Croft .
' I saw some micro pigs on television and fell in love with them .
They have become so popular as pets they were impossible to get hold of so I began breeding them myself .
Proud owner : Harry Potter star Rupert Grint reportedly has a micro pig
‘ I spent months researching and finding suitable pigs and now at last I am able to do my dream job full - time . ’
The pigs are crosses of Miniature Pot Bellied pigs with Tamworths , Kune Kunes and Gloucester Old Spots to create their tiny , colourful Micro Pigs , which are sold for between £ 195 and £ 700 .
They enjoy good food , lots of toys and even have Classic FM piped to their bedrooms .
The size of the piglets get smaller with every litter with Peanut the piglet believed to be one of the tiniest adult pigs in Europe .
The little pig , who weighed just under 2 kg at 12 weeks old , now lives indoors with Miss Croft as a companion to her dog and sleeps on the sofa .
At 13 months she has almost stopped growing and is just 12 inches tall .
‘ They really are fantastic fun , highly sociable and make amazing pets , ’ said Miss Croft .
They 're calling it a " political stunt " and " a bid to undermine Web - based competition . "
So what is it ?
A new deep packet inspection gadget or astroturf group ?
An inflammatory youtube video ?
Nope .
It 's a call from AT&T to apply net neutrality rules to the application that you have to get on a waiting list to use , but not to fight about : Google Voice .
The letter is a " red herring , " warned Free Press hours after the AT&T filing , " to distract attention from the important work the FCC has begun on Network Neutrality . "
Looks like we 're into the gloves - off phase of the net neutrality debate .
Up until now the dialogue over Federal Communications Commission Chair Julius Genachowski's call for tougher Internet nondiscrimination rules has been relatively calm , with the expected pushback coming from the usual suspects — big ISPs dismissing them as unnecessary and think tanks branding them unconstitutional .
Then on Friday AT&T senior Vice President Robert Quinn urged the agency to give Google — " one of the most noisome trumpeters of so - called ' net neutrality ' regulation " — a taste of its own regulatory medicine .
Play by the rules
Quinn 's letter noted that Google Voice " systematically " blocks calls to various rural areas .
The move allows it to save money in regions where access rates are especially high .
But this kind of restricting is something that the FCC forbade AT&T and other common carriers from doing in 2007 .
Since Google is not a common carrier in the eyes of the Commission , the feature " has claimed for itself a significant advantage over providers offering competing services , " AT&T complained .
The filing offered a paragraph that sorta kinda implies that Google Voice might actually be something like a common carrier , but insisted that even if it is n't : " The Commission cannot , through inaction or otherwise , give Google a special privilege to play by its own rules while the rest of the industry , including those who compete with Google , must instead adhere to Commission regulations . "
It 's time to " level the playing field , " AT&T urged , and " order Google to play by the same rules as its competitors . "
" AT&T is trying to make this about Google 's support for an open Internet , " replied Google .
" But the comparison just does n't fly . "
Obviously there 's gigabytes of irony in AT&T 's complaint , since the FCC is running an investigation into why Apple has blocked Google Voice from its AT&T network connected iPhone ( AT&T says it had nothing to do with the move , while Apple insists the company is still talking with Google about the feature ) .
But not only did AT&T ask the FCC to get tough on the app in question , it urged enforcement in the name of the last principle of the Commission 's four part Internet Policy Statement , guaranteeing consumers access to the legal devices of their choice on the ' Net .
" Consumers are entitled to competition among network providers , application and service providers , and content providers , " part four of the Policy Statement declares .
" This fourth principle , " Quinn 's letter insisted , " cannot fairly be read to embrace competition in which one provider unilaterally appropriates to itself regulatory advantages over its competitors .
By openly flaunting the call blocking prohibition that applies to its competitors , Google is acting in a manner inconsistent with the fourth principle . "
AT&T — champion of net neutrality .
It was too much for Free Press , who 's rapid - fire response team called the letter bunk .
" To be clear , the FCC 's open Internet principles apply to Internet Service Providers — those companies that control the on-ramps to the information superhighway , " the group 's research director Derek Turner declared .
" The Internet Policy Statement applies only to Internet access services .
Whatever regulatory or technical classifications it may eventually fall under , Google Voice is certainly not an Internet access service . "
Google quickly responded as well .
Company attorney Richard
Whitt expressed sympathy with the fact that common carriers have to extend calls into areas where dodgy providers charge high access rates , then engage in " traffic pumping " deals in which they split revenue with adult chat and conference call services .
But Google Voice is not a member of that tribe , Whitt argued .
It 's a free , web - based application .
It 's not a substitute for traditional phone service .
You have to have a wired or wireless line to use it .
And the feature is currently available by invitation only .
" AT&T is trying to make this about Google 's support for an open Internet , " Whitt 's response concluded , " but the comparison just does n't fly . "
Squaring the circle
Other Google Voice watchers think the issue more complicated .
Financial Times columnist John Gapper finds himself scratching his head about the whole issue .
" So Google is arguing for others to be bound by network neutrality and , on the other hand , arguing against itself being bound by common carriage , " Gapper writes .
" There is probably a way to square this circle , but it strikes me as an intellectual contradiction . "
And there 's a certain logic to Quinn 's observation that to the extent that worriers at the FCC and elsewhere focus on " gatekeepers " to the Internet , e.g. , ISPs , " that concern must necessarily apply to application , service , and content providers that , like Google , can exercise their power to control which websites consumers will see and which consumers ' calls will be blocked . "
So you can read AT&T 's missive as a sneaky attempt to muddy the regulatory waters , or as Free Press put it , a political stunt .
Or you can read it as a tacit recognition on the part of the nation 's biggest telco that Internet nondiscrimination enforcement in some form or another is probably a done deal .
Genachowski has the three votes he needs to solidify the IP Statement into concrete rules .
And if the courts say that the FCC does n't have the authority now , Congress will fix that later .
So if net neutrality in one form or another is coming to a broadband powered theater near you , the question for AT&T is how to make the most of it .. or the least .
Updated
Jessica van Vonderen talks to ABC Managing Director Mark Scott after an announcement that the Queensland Symphony Orchestra will be joining the ABC at it's new headquarters at Southbank , due to be finished in 2011 .
Source : 7.30 Queensland | Duration : 5 min 24sec
Topics : public - sector , human - interest , qld
Transcript
JESSICA van VONDEREN : ABC TV here in Queensland is celebrating a birthday .
Next week is 50 years since the national broadcaster began televising in this state .
Former and current staff members will get together to mark the occasion .
One of the biggest changes for the corporation in the next 50 years will be the building of a new broadcast centre at Southbank in Brisbane ; and today an announcement that the ABC will share the building with the Queensland Symphony Orchestra .
It 's been almost three years since the ABC's Queensland headquarters at Toowong in Brisbane were abandoned because of a cancer cluster .
I spoke to ABC Managing Director Mark Scott , from Melbourne , about the plans for the future .
JESSICA van VONDEREN : Mark Scott , next week marks ABC TV's 50th year broadcasting in Queensland .
I know you were n't around then but what 's the legacy of those 50 years ?
MARK SCOTT , ABC MANAGING DIRECTOR :
Well fantastic programming for Brisbane , for Queensland and programming out of Brisbane and Queensland to the rest of the country .
Back in the early days of television we did a lot more local television .
Now it 's more of a national schedule , but we 're very confident around the future that we 're going to be able to deliver more channels free of charge into every home .
So it 's been an important legacy but it's a very exciting future .
JESSICA van VONDEREN : I guess the big question for the ABC now in Queensland at least is its new headquarters for the next 50 years are we still going to Southbank ?
MARK SCOTT : Absolutely .
Southbank planning is well underway now .
Some exciting new design concepts have been looked at by the ABC Board and we 'll be releasing those in the coming months .
We 're very pleased that the Queensland Orchestra is going to come into that new building with us and we 're delighted at the location , putting us right in the cultural hub of Brisbane and Queensland .
So planning well underway ; hope to have the first sod turned this year and then a fast tracked development through 2010 , 2011 .
JESSICA van VONDEREN :
So that 's when Brisbane staff can expect to all be working in one location again 2010 , 2011 ?
MARK SCOTT : Yeah more 2011 .
It 's taken a little bit while to get through this planning process , but then we 'll be fast tracking the development .
You know it 's very unfortunate the circumstances that 's had the ABC staff in Brisbane at numerous different locations .
That has n't been our desire .
We 're keen to resolve that as quickly as we can .
But we want to make sure that the building that we 're putting up is going to be right and is going to serve as the rightful home and centre of the ABC in Queensland for the next 40 or 50 years .
We 're building this in recognition of the importance of Brisbane , the population growth there , that this will be the second biggest city in the country in a short period of time and so a lot of planning and a lot of work to make that Southbank home worthy as being the centre of ABC activity in Queensland .
JESSICA van VONDEREN :
It 's no secret that the Brisbane Lord Mayor did n't approve of the ABC moving to Southbank has that had any impact on the process ?
MARK SCOTT : No I do n't think so .
I mean there are different planning processes that are required for the Southbank precinct .
I appreciate there was some debate over us finding the home there , but we 're very confident that in the medium term and certainly the long term people are going to think to put the ABC there in the heart of Southbank , next to QPAC , next to the conservatorium , that that 's a great place for the ABC to be located .
We are the most important cultural organisation in the country .
It 's a great precinct .
It 's a place that when we develop it we 're going to invite the public in to their ABC , for them to be part of it .
JESSICA van VONDEREN : So what sort of funding are you asking from the Federal Government ?
MARK SCOTT : Well the ABC is funding this .
We 're going to be funding this building through the money we 've already been provided with .
There are some borrowings involved and there are also the asset sales that we 'll be undertaking in coming years to fund this project .
So we have n't gone to Canberra seeking additional funding .
JESSICA van VONDEREN : You mentioned the Orchestra before what sort of facilities will they have ?
MARK SCOTT : That 'll all be released in coming months once the designs are out .
But there will be a significant place for them to base themselves , for them to practice and rehearse and also there 'll be recording facilities in the new building as well and the Orchestra will be using those and the ABC will be using those .
We do a lot of recording at the ABC .
We record more than 600 concerts every year as part of our operations for classic FM and Triple J and other areas of work .
So it 'll be a home for the Queensland Orchestra .
We have a similar situation in our building in Melbourne with the Melbourne Symphony and again it 's some rehearsal studios and a centre where they can base their work .
JESSICA van VONDEREN :
And finally what 's going to happen to the site at Toowong that staff abandoned almost three years ago now ?
MARK SCOTT : We plan to sell that site and the sale , the proceeds from that sale will be funding our new development at Southbank .
That sale process , we 're just making our decisions now about the right way of marketing that site and selling that site .
We 've got a close eye to the state of the property market in Brisbane .
We have to make some decisions around that , but no the Toowong site will be sold and all the money from the sale of that site will go to funding the new home for the ABC in Queensland .
JESSICA van VONDEREN : Mark Scott thank you .
MARK SCOTT : Thank you .
Stoned Bootkit Demo
Description : < div style = " text - align : justify ; " >
A Bootkit is a Rootkit which is loaded into the system at boot time , even before the OS is loaded and thus has access to the entire system .
Peter Kleissner has released the first open source Bootkit framework - Stoned Bootkit at Blackhat USA this year .
The interesting thing is that you can hack the source and create utilities which take control at boot time .
This is a really powerful functionality I am sure a lot of folks have been waiting for .< br >< br> According to the their site - < span style = " font - style : italic ; " > Stoned Bootkit is a new Windows bootkit which attacks all Windows versions from XP up to 7 .
It is loaded before Windows starts and is memory resident up to the Windows kernel .
Thus Stoned gains access to the entire system .
It has exciting features like integrated file system drivers , automatic Windows pwning , plugins , boot applications and much much more .
The project is partly published as open source under the European Union Public License .
Like in 1987 , " Your PC is now Stoned ! .. again " </ span >.< br>< br>
In this video demo I show you how the Stoned Bootkit can be installed on a Windows XP box and takes control of the PC at boot time even before windows runs .
Of course , I end the demo by disinfecting my box from Stoned :) < br >< br > You can download Stoned from their website here .
The Blackhat presentation slides are available here .
This is one of those tools you really need to get your hands on and hack !
Highly recommended !
I know I am going to play with it this weekend :) < br >< br >< style type =" text / css " > body { background : # FFF ; } </style > </div >
Tags : tools ,
Disclaimer :
We are a infosec video aggregator and this video is linked from an external website .
The original author may be different from the user re-posting / linking it here .
Please do not assume the authors to be same without verifying .
One input on my Peavey PV10BT mixer is running hot and clipping .
Yet , when I hit the Solo button it sounds perfect on the headphones .
What is going on ?
Ontario is shutting down four coal units , two at Nanticoke and two at Lambton Generating Station , by 2010 in a move the World Wildlife Fund says will make the province a leader in fighting climate change .
Ontario promises to eliminate coal - fired generation by the end of 2014 .
Along with the closure of the Lakeview Generating Station in 2005 , the province 's coal capacity will be reduced by 40 per cent .
Coal plants will close as Ontario brings other energy producing sources such as wind power , modern gas fired units and refurbished nuclear units online , Deputy Premier George Smitherman told reporters this morning .
" We are determined to eliminate coal fired generation from our energy supply mix , " Smitherman said at the Ontario Power Generation offices on University Ave .
In the first six months of 2009 , coal fired generation was more than 51 per cent less than the same time last year , Smitherman said .
In that same six - month time frame , wind generated electricity is 80 per cent higher , he added .
" This speaks very well to the transformation ongoing in the province , " Smitherman said .
Globally , burning coal for electricity is the largest source of green house gases that drive the devastating effects of climate change , said Keith Stewart , director of the climate change program at the WWF Canada .
Shutting down coal fired plants and Ontario's green energy act are positive steps , Stewart said .
" It is important to recognize the timing of this decision and move , " Stewart said .
Political leaders will meet in Copenhagen , Denmark , later this year to craft a new global deal to limit and stop global warming .
" By speeding up the implementation of what will be the largest , single reduction of greenhouse gas emissions in Canadian history , Ontario is signaling to the world they are willing to be part of the solution , " Stewart said .
Nanticoke station , near Simoce , will see two of eight units closed and at the Lambton plant , near Sarnia , two of four units will close by next fall .
Ontario's goal is to be one of the first jurisdictions in the world to eliminate coal - fired electricity generation , the province says .
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz , perhaps America 's favorite children 's story , is also an informed comment on the battle over free silver in the 1890s .
The characters in the story represent real figures , such as William Jennings Bryan .
This paper interprets the allegory of economists and economic historians , illuminating a number of elements left unexplained by critics concerned with the politics of the allegory .
It also reexamines Bryan and the case for free silver .
Far from being monetary cranks , the advocates of free silver had a strong argument on both theoretical and empirical grounds .
Copyright 1990 by University of Chicago Press .
As the access to this document is restricted , you may want to search for a different version of it .
Citations are extracted by the CitEc Project , subscribe to its RSS feed for this item .
Corrections
All material on this site has been provided by the respective publishers and authors .
You can help correct errors and omissions .
When requesting a correction , please mention this item 's handle : RePEc:ucp: jpolec:v:98:y:1990:i:4:p:739-60 .
See general information about how to correct material in RePEc .
For technical questions regarding this item , or to correct its authors , title , abstract , bibliographic or download information , contact : ( Journals Division ) .
General contact details of provider : https://www.journals.uchicago.edu/JPE .
If you have authored this item and are not yet registered with RePEc , we encourage you to do it here .
This allows to link your profile to this item .
It also allows you to accept potential citations to this item that we are uncertain about .
We have no references for this item .
You can help adding them by using this form .
If you know of missing items citing this one , you can help us creating those links by adding the relevant references in the same way as above , for each refering item .
If you are a registered author of this item , you may also want to check the " citations " tab in your RePEc Author Service profile , as there may be some citations waiting for confirmation .
Please note that corrections may take a couple of weeks to filter through the various RePEc services .
Dan Deacon talks about his vices , prejudices , and the best piece of music he ’s ever created .
Listen to Dan Deacon at http://www.myspace.com/dandeacon
Sample Album by Dan Deacon : Acorn Master
1 . What ’s the first piece of music you listened to today ?
Elton John : Various tracks on my girlfriend ’s iTunes .
2 . What are your vices ?
I binge eat junk food and masturbate .
3 . What is one of your prejudices ?
I am too quick to assume someone is boring before I get to know them .
4 . In what way do you think music has the ability to change the way people live their lives ?
I think there would much less sadness in the world if everyone had loop / delay and pitch shift pedals .
I find playing music by myself is the most calming and meditative action when I ’m confused or upset or whatever .
Prisons should strike up a deal with Line6 .
5 . At what age did you first feel distrust ?
I have no idea .
6 . Do you think that your name is appropriate for you ?
( If not , what name would be more appropriate ? )
I think my name worked out well for me .
I ’m happy with it .
7 . What is the best piece of music you ’ve ever created , in your opinion ?
I did an outdoor show at this public amphitheater in Tallahassee , and I think that performance is the best thing I ’ve ever done .
8 . Right now , how are you trying to change yourself ?
I ’m trying to eat healthier , masturbate less , and listen to more Terry Riley .
9 . If you had the time , what else would you do ?
Spend more time with my family , silk screen , run for local office , bury boxes of things around Baltimore .
10 .
What social cause do you feel the most strongly about ( negative or positive ) ?
Actual cures for cancers through nutrition and how the medical industry is total shit tricking people into their system through fear and false laws .
11 . What are your fears ?
Having my teeth fall out .
Jesus Christ I hope my fucking teeth do n’t fall out .
I have n’t been to a dentist in like 15 years and I do n’t really trust them to begin with , but if I lost my teeth it would suck so hard .
12 . What is your favorite joke ( tasteful or tasteless ) ?
Pulling over to ask for directions and as soon as they start telling them you drive away .
The joke does n’t really make much sense written down , but in real life it ’s fucking funny .
Jimmy Roche introduced me to this joke on tour .
13 .
Who is your favorite author ?
Connor Kizer , a Baltimore writer who has been finally getting some more attention .
His work is amazing .
14 . What is your favorite movie ?
Lately I ’ve been really into John Carpenter ’s The Thing .
It ’s just so
awesome .
Also Predator is awesome and of course The Jerk .
Ghost Zane by Jimmy Roche is pretty awesome .
15 . Favorite album (s ) from the last few years ?
1. Soak the Saddle by Arab On Radar .
That album just blew me away and still does .
A. The Killer Whales EP .
The most beautiful band in the world .
16 .
What would you like to know more about ?
Electronics and mechanics .
Farming and sustainability .
The future .
17 .
What is one thing you would like to do / see / accomplish before you die ?
There are several pieces for orchestra and electronics I ’ve composed and would love to have them performed .
Hopefully one of them will be put on in the fall of 2007 , so if happens I ’ll have to think of something new .
Maybe see if I could not spend or exchange any money for a year .
I do n’t know .
I ’m going to live forever with you .
The least important thing that happened last week was The Sun coming out for the Conservatives .
We knew that already .
The Sun stopped supporting Labour the moment that He Who Is Suddenly Back Among Us left Downing Street .
So the timing of the announcement was the only interesting thing about it .
Interesting on News International 's side for its sheer self - important vindictiveness ; and on the Labour side for the failure of Gordon Brown 's people to ask themselves in their planning , " What can go wrong this week ? "
The Sun 's decision was curious for another reason .
It bore no relation to the policies of either the party the newspaper used to support or the one that it now supports .
In his speech on Tuesday afternoon the Prime Minister announced policies that might as well have been copied from " The Sun Says " .
Bring back the workhouse for teenage mothers ?
Cut. Paste .
A new crackdown on antisocial behaviour ?
Cut. Paste .
As it was , Brown might as well not have bothered .
He might as well have announced a manifesto promise to ban Page 3 .
At least that would have got a cheer in the hall .
Nor has David Cameron promised anything new recently to win The Sun over .
Since the " hug a hoodie " days of long ago , he has adopted the harsher rhetoric of " broken Britain " , but the policies to back it up remain thin .
He offers a tax subsidy for marriage , a policy lever connected to " mending Britain " by pushing on a string ; and " more police officers on the street " , which is almost a parody of the empty political promise .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In Friday 's Sun , he cemented the newspaper 's support by using it to announce his 10 " key pledges " .
His other purpose was to answer the 49 per cent of people that say , in our ComRes poll today , that they " do n't really know what David Cameron stands for " .
The Sun pledges contain nothing new , yet they do , paradoxically , give an idea of what Cameron stands for : a low - tax , benefit - cutting , nationalist populism .
For Sun readers , Dave stands for the values of Sun readers .
Yet when he talks to The Independent on Sunday , he could n't care more about the environment , or civil liberties , and he 's a " liberal conservative not a neo - conservative " in foreign policy .
This is opportunistic , reprehensible and the right strategy for a democratic politician .
Some journalists complain that Cameron is coy about what he would do to bring the deficit down .
Indeed , I have written that he could face terrible problems after the election because he has not been straight with people about the tax rises that will be needed to restore the public finances .
( I am strictly impartial about this , because I have criticised Gordon Brown for refusing to spell out tax rises too , but as Cameron is more likely to be prime minister after the election , his evasions matter more . )
My argument was not that he should be honest for the sake of it , but that the hardship he will be required to inflict on the taxpaying voters is so severe that he will be a one - term wonder if he fails to secure a strong mandate from the people at the election for the tough measures to follow .
I do n't know what I was thinking .
Two things this week have brought me to my senses .
One was The Sun 's publicity stunt ; the other was the Irish referendum .
They both show that Cameron knows what he is doing , behaving like a penguin in response to demands that he spell out his policies .
( In Madagascar the leader of the penguins tells his companions , as they escape from the zoo : " Just smile and wave , boys ; smile and wave . " )
The last thing Cameron should do is answer questions about policy .
The last thing he should do is say that the basic rate of income tax will probably have to go up to 25 p in the pound , and VAT up to 22.5 per cent .
He should look serious and say , we have said that taxes " may have to rise " , then change the subject to the tight control of spending and how he really would like in an ideal world to get taxes down .
Which is what he does .
After all , who knows what may happen on the other side of an election ?
He will have to put taxes up , but he has prepared the ground as much as he needs to .
He is not bound by some foolish " read my lips " promise to cut taxes ; he has warned people that things will be tough .
Anything more specific is asking for trouble .
He is engaged in vote - winning , not economic forecasting .
Of course he should be all things to all people .
They said that , as if it were a criticism , about He Who Shall Not Be Mentioned , and it never did him any harm .
In fact , he started to become unpopular only after five years in government , when it was no longer possible to fool most of the people most of the time .
It is the same with Europe .
Two weeks ago I wrote that the Irish referendum would be a test of Cameron 's leadership .
I thought he should face down the Europhobes , and tell them that , if the Tories won the election and the Lisbon Treaty were in force , they would have to live with it .
How naive of me .
Tell the swivel - eyed , straight - banana brigade the truth ?
What was I thinking of ?
Tony Blair 's Clause IV moment ?
Oh dear , I think I must have had one of those rose - tinted nostalgia moments .
The fact is that Blair was so bold that he did n't even mention Clause IV in his conference speech for fear of a hostile reaction in the hall .
" Say what you mean and mean what you say , " he said , but he did n't even draft the form of words with which to replace the old Clause IV until months later .
This week the Conservatives will announce a lot of policy that will be trivial or recycled , to try to give the impression of a party preparing for government .
Cameron 's real challenge this week is simpler : to get through to the end of his party conference having made as few and as small new promises as possible .
John Rentoul 's blog is at independent.co.uk/ jrentoul
Last year , I reported here at The Oil Drum about the Swiss ASPO conference .
The change between last year and this year could n't be bigger .
Last year 's conference was held May 24 , 2008 .
At that time , the oil price was at $ 135 / barrel and rising fast .
Consequently , the aula of the University of Basel was filled to the last seat ( 400 people attended the meeting ) , Swiss TV was present , and several newspapers had sent reporters to gather first - hand information about this important event .
This year , with an oil price of $ 65 / barrel and holding steady , ASPO 's Peak Oil Conference was a non-event .
There were roughly 100 attendees .
You could call them the Peak Oil " diehards , " and both TV and the press were absent .
It was an event where " insiders " were talking to each other , whereas the public at large could n't care less .
It was an interesting event nevertheless .
ASPO Switzerland differs in its " business model " from most other national ASPO organizations .
ASPO Switzerland has individual members , each of whom pays an annual membership fee of CHF 100 ( roughly $ 100 ) .
The organization also meanwhile has three industrial members , companies working to reduce the dependence of Switzerland on fossil fuels , among them a company installing solar systems and one specialized in thermal insulation of homes , that each pays an annual membership fee of CHF 3000 .
By the summer of 2008 , ASPO Switzerland had 350 individual members .
The number of members was growing almost as fast as the oil price .
Since the oil price peak of 2008 , ASPO Switzerland has picked up another 20 members , i.e. , most of those who had joined the organization in 2008 renewed their membership in 2009 in spite of the loss of interest in the topic by the mass media .
This year 's conference opened with a talk by Daniele Ganser , President of ASPO Switzerland and a historian by trade who is specializing in the study of resource wars .
Daniele is an experienced speaker , and his talk was well received .
He is clearly the backbone of ASPO Switzerland .
He offers between 30 - 40 talks every year to different organizations here in Switzerland , and he talks about Peak Oil to everyone willing to listen .
In particular , he travels frequently to our capital , Berne , to talk to our politicians .
ASPO Switzerland counts among its members 23 members of the Swiss National Parliament , i.e. , close to 10 % of all national parliamentarians are individual members of ASPO Switzerland .
These include politicians from all political parties .
They have meanwhile formed a parliamentary study group to discuss the potential consequences of Peak Oil for Switzerland .
After Daniele Ganser , we heard a talk by Christa Markwalder , a member of the big chamber of the Swiss parliament ( corresponding to a Representative to the U.S. Congress ) .
She presented an overview of the discussions that have taken place in the Swiss parliament in the last 10 years concerning the issues of Peak Oil .
She told us that several parliamentarians individually and also the Peak Oil study group as a body have made a number of " inquiries " to the National Council ( the executive branch of the Swiss government ) asking them specific questions about Peak Oil and what they planned to do about them .
Until now , it was difficult to get the attention of the National Council .
The reason is that they orient themselves exclusively on the annual World Energy Outlook of the International Energy Agency .
What the IEA writes is the gospel ... even though they change their story quite frequently , which makes long - term planning a tad difficult .
In its 2008 edition , the World Energy Outlook mentioned Peak Oil for the first time explicitly , and so , there is hope that our National Council may now take inquiries by our parliamentarians more seriously as well .
After Christa Markwalder , we heard a talk by Nicola Ruch , one among three high - school students , who had won this year a price of Schweizer Jugend forscht ( Swiss Youth Science Fair ) for their end - of - high - school project that they had written on Peak Oil : Die Menschheit auf dem Scheitelpunkt ihrer Entwicklung ( Peak Oil : Humanity at the Zenith of its Development ) .
It was an emotional talk .
Whereas I am skeptical that our politicians will ever do more than just talk about the problem , here I saw a vision , and a mission to make that vision a reality , and a passion to pursue that mission .
After his talk , Christa Markwalder asked Nicola whether she could get a copy of his end - of - high - school project report .
She would like to read it .
We then heard briefly from two CEOs of industrial ASPO members about their companies and their vision as to how to address the issues surrounding fossil fuel depletion .
After the break , Alex von Zelewsky , an emeritus professor of the University of Fribourg and board member of ASPO Switzerland , talked about Die Wissenschaft und der Peak Oil ( Science and Peak Oil ) and offered seven postulates concerning different aspects of Peak Oil .
The conference ended with a presentation I gave entitled Die 2000 - Watt - Gesellschaft als Lösung ?
( Is the 2000 Watt Society a Solution ? ) .
The roughly 100 participants , mostly ASPO members , who attended the event went home satisfied .
ASPO Switzerland had done a good job catering to its members .
Yet , the annual conference ought also to serve as a forum of outreach to people who have not spent much thought on the issues surrounding Peak Oil , and in this respect , the conference was an almost complete failure .
It probably will take another rapid increase in the crude oil price to draw their attention .
Computing Speed : Parallel Processing
There is a common misconception when assessing computers in suggesting that parallel processing increases speed .
This simply is n't true .
Parallel processing is intended to increase throughput by addressing queuing delays that may be experienced by " ready " units of work that are waiting for access to the processor .
Each processor is essentially a hardware server for instructions to be processed .
In modern computers there are actually multiple points of parallelism and overlap processing , but the primary point is to avoid delays .
Instruction processing occurs with an architectural concept known as pipelining .
It is like an assembly line where the instructions are fetched from memory into the level one ( L1 ) cache1 .
Data operands are fetched , instructions are decoded and interpreted , and placed on a queue for actual execution .
In some designs the instruction sequence can be processed so that there is a small degree of parallelism when instructions are detected that do n't conflict with each other .
In those cases , instructions may be processed simultaneously ( and potentially out of sequence ) with the order of operations being preserved when the results of the operation are committed .
This form of parallelism can occur without any programming effort and is used to improve throughput at the processor level .
There is also no throughput solution in creating longer instructions , because complex instructions must still perform the basic underlying operation , so there are no shortcuts in performing such functions .
Complex instructions may be implemented by microcode or millicode , but the basic operation is still the same .
The only way an individual program can gain performance increases is if the software can be written with the express purpose of dividing up its functions in such a way that it is running in parallel .
The important distinction is that the speed has n't increased , but we have an " effective " increase in the application 's throughput by performing two or more operations in tandem .
By analogy , one can imagine traffic on a highway .
Adding lanes increases the number of vehicles that can simultaneously move , but it cannot improve the speed of any individual vehicle except by removing obstacles or " competitors " .
If we imagine that an application is moving passengers , then we can envision a vehicle transporting an individual (s ) and then returning to transport more .
If we can have more vehicles that we can simultaneously transfer more people and gain a performance improvement .
However , you cannot simply suggest something like a bus or train , because there is no corrolary in computing to simply increase the functionality of a single operation which is what that would mean .
While much has been made of parallelism as a way of achieving improved performance , the ability to exploit parallel architectures by applications can be a problem .
Many computing problems simply do n't lend themselves to parallelism especially when operations within a program are dependent on results obtained from earlier operations .
In those cases , it makes no sense to try and exploit parallelism because the units of work must wait on other tasks to complete .
In addition , many problems may have opportunities for one or even several parallel units of work , but this is n't nearly sufficient to capitalize on the processing power available .
If a program can be rendered 100 % parallel ( which is n't likely ) , it will improve in performance only by the number of simultaneous tasks that can be executed .
Therefore three ( 3 ) tasks would be a 300 % improvement2 .
While this may sound significant , it is trivial when workloads are defined in tens of thousands of programs per hour .
At present , excepting mathematically intensive problems ( scientific programming ) , the most widely used applications that can exploit high degrees of parallelism are databases and those using graphics3 .
While processor parallelism is already being heavily used to manage queuing for multiple units of work ( multi- programming ) , the ability to apply it to individual applications has limited utility and will not likely change in any appreciable fashion in the future .
Another point often raised , is that newer programming languages will resolve the issue of parallel computing , but this is also not likely to happen .
In the first place , all programming languages must be resolved to actual machine language instruction streams .
Therefore , whatever the programmer does n't explicitly code , must be generated by the language interpreter or compiler .
What makes this approach less promising , is that despite the hype , higher level languages are never as efficient as their low level equivalents .
While they are certainly easier for the programmers and novices to use , they are significantly more resource intensive and rather heavy handed in generated solutions .
Parallel computing can certainly be a significant benefit for problems that can be programming in that fashion .
Unfortunately , much general computing does n't lend itself to such techniques and consequently cannot derive much benefit from it .
1 This is a greatly simplified explanation of instruction processing and should be understood as a very rough approximation of what occurs .
2 Amdahl's Law
S = 1 / ( 1 - x+x / p )
S = Speed - up Factor
X = Fraction of Process Affected
P = Speed Increase of Process
3 Special effects , gaming , and simulators are prime candidates for parallel processing because of their need to perpetually calculate spatial coordinates .
The banner , bold and provocative , was tattooed with a syringe , skull and crossbones , and a call to action : “ Say no to forced vaccination . ’’
The message , delivered last week on Beacon Hill , was aimed at a seemingly prosaic piece of legislation that aims to better define - and , in some respects , restrict - the emergency powers of the state ’s public health officials .
Within the bill ’s arcane language , a 16 - month - old activist coalition sees government authority run amok : mandated vaccinations , quarantines , arrests , fines .
Swine flu , they warn , will be the virus that opens the door to the public health police .
“ We have a concern that we will be forced to be quarantined if we refuse the vaccine , ’’ said Laura Jackson , president of the Liberty Preservation Association of Massachusetts , which mustered 30 to 40 members for the lobbying drive .
“ What I ’d like to see done with this law is have it burned . ’’
Those concerns , public health authorities insist , are entirely unfounded .
But the association ’s multimedia campaign - aired over talk radio and its website - compelled state Public Health Commissioner John Auerbach to send an italicized , bold - faced missive to legislators , stressing that “ mandatory vaccination is not and has never been part of the plan or discussion in Massachusetts ’ pandemic response . ’’
The bill , Auerbach and other top officials said in interviews , would never force anyone to be vaccinated unwillingly , and its extraordinary measures - such as quarantining people who decline inoculations - would be reserved for equally extraordinary times , such as a bioterror attack or the emergence of a highly lethal , rapidly spreading germ .
Swine flu , caused by the H1N1 virus , is not such a germ , Auerbach said .
The protest by the group , whose founders supported Republican Ron Paul in the 2008 presidential election , reached its pitch at an especially delicate moment for public health authorities .
Auerbach ’s letter demonstrates that his agency is worried the dissent could raise doubts about vaccination and imperil an unprecedented campaign to inoculate millions this fall against the seasonal flu and the swine strain .
“ Accuracy of information is going to be key in terms of the public understanding what they should do , ’’ Auerbach said in an interview .
In the opposition to Massachusetts ’ revised public health emergency law , as well as in the combustible health care town hall meetings that greeted some members of Congress this summer , analysts see more than traditional conservative concerns about individual liberty and big government .
They also find signs of deeper worries about a world descending into uncertainty , with panic over economics and the emergence of a novel flu strain .
Remember Shoichi Nakagawa ?
He was the Japanese finance minister who resigned in disgrace early this year after a rambling , presumably drunk , press conference .
Today , he was found dead .
Neither suicide nor foul play is suspected .
----
TOKYO ( AP ) —
A former Japanese finance minister who stepped down after appearing to be drunk at an overseas news conference was found dead in his home Sunday , police said , ruling out foul play .
Shoichi Nakagawa was lying face down in bed when his wife found him in their Tokyo home , a spokesman for the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department said on condition of anonymity due to police policy .
Investigators have ruled out foul play because the room was undisturbed , and they were downplaying the likelihood of suicide .
Determining a cause of death will likely " take some time , " the spokesman said , adding that an autopsy will be conducted as part of an investigation .
The 56 - year - old Nakagawa caused an uproar when he appeared to be intoxicated at a news conference during a meeting of Group of Seven financial leaders in Rome in February .
International news programs repeatedly played footage of him slurring his speech and looking sleepy .
More odd behavior followed when he visited a museum at the Vatican after the news conference .
He touched exhibits and set off an alarm after entering an off - limits area .
The trip was widely seen as a major embarrassment for the Japanese government .
Nakagawa stepped down as finance minister shortly afterward , denying he had been drunk and blaming cold medicine .
But the opposition demanded his resignation .
Nakagawa had been a longtime lawmaker from the northernmost island of Hokkaido with the Liberal Democratic Party , which had ruled Japan almost continuously for the last half - century .
He lost his seat in parliament in Aug. 30 nationwide elections in which the Liberal Democrats lost to the Democrats , who now rule Japan in a coalition .
Stunned colleagues said Sunday that Nakagawa appeared to be in good health recently but speculated that he may have been physically and mentally drained after losing his seat .
Former Prime Minister Taro Aso praised Nakagawa for helping the country tackle its worst recession since World War II .
" I'm in such a state of shock right now that I do not have words , " Aso said .
" I offer my deepest condolences . "
Nakagawa had once been a rising star in the party , seen as a potential prime minister candidate .
He held several Cabinet - level positions including agriculture minister and trade minister before being chosen as finance minister in September 2008 .
His career — and untimely death — followed in the footsteps of his father Ichiro Nakagawa , who served in parliament for two decades .
His father committed suicide in 1983 at a hotel in Hokkaido at age 57 .
Nakagawa " had strong policymaking abilities , " said Takeo Kawamura , who served as top government spokesman under Aso .
" He would have played an important part in Japan 's future political landscape . "
___
Associated Press writer Yuri Kageyama contributed to this report .
Impacts of Climate Change coming faster and sooner : New science report underlines urgency for governments to seal the deal in Copenhagen
Washington / Nairobi , 24 September 2009
- The pace and scale of climate change may now be outstripping even the most sobering predictions of the last report of the Intergovernmental Panel of Climate Change ( IPCC ) .
An analysis of the very latest , peer - reviewed science indicates that many predictions at the upper end of the IPCC 's forecasts are becoming ever more likely .
Meanwhile , the newly emerging science points to some events thought likely to occur in longer - term time horizons , as already happening or set to happen far sooner than had previously been thought .
Researchers have become increasingly concerned about ocean acidification linked with the absorption of carbon dioxide in seawater and the impact on shellfish and coral reefs .
- Water that can corrode a shell - making substance called aragonite is already welling up along the California coast ?
decades earlier than existing models predict .
Losses from glaciers , ice - sheets and the Polar Regions appear to be happening faster than anticipated , with the Greenland ice sheet , for example , recently seeing melting some 60 percent higher than the previous record of 1998 .
- Some scientists are now warning that sea levels could rise by up to two metres by 2100 and five to ten times that over following centuries .
There is also growing concern among some scientists that thresholds or tipping points may now be reached in a matter of years or a few decades including dramatic changes to the Indian sub - continent 's monsoon , the Sahara and West Africa monsoons , and climate systems affecting a critical ecosystem like the Amazon rainforest .
The report also underlines concern by scientists that the planet is now committed to some damaging and irreversible impacts as a result of the greenhouse gases already in the atmosphere .
- Losses of tropical and temperate mountain glaciers affecting perhaps 20 percent to 25 percent of the human population in terms of drinking water , irrigation and hydro - power .
- Shifts in the hydrological cycle resulting in the disappearance of regional climates with related losses of ecosystems , species and the spread of drylands northwards and southwards away from the equator .
Recent science suggests that it may still be possible to avoid the most catastrophic impacts of climate change .
However , this will only happen if there is immediate , cohesive and decisive action to both cut emissions and assist vulnerable countries adapt .
These are among the findings of a report released today by the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) entitled Climate Change Science Compendium 2009 .
The report , compiled in association with scientists around the world , comes with less than 80 days to go to the crucial UN climate convention meeting in Copenhagen , Denmark .
In a foreword to the document , the United Nations Secretary - General , Ban Ki-moon , who this week hosted heads of state in New York , writes , " This Climate Change Science Compendium is a wake - up call .
The time for hesitation is over " .
" We need the world to realize , once and for all , that the time to act is now and we must work together to address this monumental challenge .
This is the moral challenge of our generation . "
The Compendium reviews some 400 major scientific contributions to our understanding of Earth Systems and climate change that have been released through peer - reviewed literature , or from research institutions , over the last three years .
Achim Steiner , UN Under - Secretary General and UNEP Executive Director , said , " The Compendium can never replace the painstaking rigour of an IPCC process ? a shining example of how the United Nations can provide a path to consensus among the sometimes differing views of more than 190 nations " .
" However , scientific knowledge on climate change and forecasting of the likely impacts has been advancing rapidly since the landmark 2007 IPCC report , " he added .
" Many governments have asked to be kept abreast of the latest findings .
I am sure that this report fulfils that request and will inform ministers ' decisions when they meet in the Danish capital in only a few weeks time , " said Mr. Steiner .
The research findings and observations in the Compendium are divided into five categories : Earth Systems , Ice , Oceans , Ecosystems and Management .
Key developments documented since the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report include :
Earth Systems
- A new climate modeling system , forecasting average temperatures over a decade by combining natural variation with the impacts of human - induced climate change , projects that at least half of the 10 years following 2009 will exceed the warmest year currently on record .
This is despite the fact that natural variation will partially offset the warming " signal " from greenhouse gas emissions .
- The growth in carbon dioxide emissions from energy and industry has exceeded even the most fossil - fuel intensive scenario developed by the IPCC at the end of the 1990s .
Global emissions were growing by 1.1 percent each year from 1990 - 1999 and this accelerated to 3.5 percent per year from 2000 - 2007 .
- The developing and least - developed economies , 80 percent of the world 's population , accounted for 73 percent of the global growth of emissions in 2004 .
However , they contributed only 41 percent of total emissions , and just 23 percent of cumulative emissions since 1750 .
- Growth of the global economy in the early 2000s and an increase in its carbon intensity ( emissions per unit of growth ) , combined with a decrease in the capacity of ecosystems on land and the oceans to act as carbon " sinks " , have led to a rapid increase in the concentrations of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
This has contributed to sooner - than - expected impacts including faster sea - level rise , ocean acidification , melting Arctic sea ice , warming of polar land masses , freshening of ocean currents and shifts in the circulation patterns of the oceans and atmosphere .
- The observed increase in greenhouse gas concentrations are raising concern among some scientists that warming of between 1.4 and 4.3 degrees Centigrade above pre-industrial surface temperatures could occur .
This exceeds the range of between 1 and 3 degrees perceived as the threshold for many " tipping points " , including the end of summer Arctic sea ice , and the eventual melting of Himalayan glaciers and the Greenland ice sheet .
Ice
- The melting of mountain glaciers appears to be accelerating , threatening the livelihoods of one fifth or more of the population who depend on glacier ice and seasonal snow for their water supply .
For 30 reference glaciers in nine mountain ranges tracked by the World Glacier Monitoring Service , the mean rate of loss since 2000 has roughly doubled since the rate during the previous two decades .
Current trends suggest that most glaciers will disappear from the Pyrenees by 2050 and from the mountains of tropical Africa by 2030 .
- In 2007 , summer sea ice in the Arctic Ocean shrank to its smallest extent ever , 24 percent less than the previous record in 2005 , and 34 percent less than the average minimum extent in the period 1970 - 2000 .
In 2008 , the minimum ice extent was 9 percent greater than in 2007 , but still the second lowest on record .
- Until the summer of 2007 , most models projected an ice - free September for the Arctic Ocean towards the end of the current century .
Reconsideration based on current trends has led to speculation that this could occur as soon as 2030 .
- Melting of the Greenland Ice Sheet surface also seems to be accelerating .
In the summer of 2007 , the rate of melting was some 60 percent higher than the previous record in 1998 .
- The loss of ice from West Antarctica is estimated to have increased by 60 per cent in the decade to 2006 , and by 140 percent from the Antarctic Peninsula in the same period .
- Recent findings show that warming extends well to the south of the Antarctic Peninsula , to cover most of West Antarctica , an area of warming much larger than previously reported .
- The hole in the ozone layer has had a cooling effect on Antarctica , and is partly responsible for masking expected warming on the continent .
Recovery of stratospheric ozone , thanks to the phasing out of ozone - depleting substances , is projected to increase Antarctic temperatures in coming decades .
Oceans
- Recent estimates of the combined impact of melting land-ice and thermal expansion of the oceans suggest a plausible average sea level rise of between 0.8 and 2.0 metres above the 1990 level by 2100 .
This compares with a projected rise of between 18 and 59 centimetres in the last IPCC report , which did not include an estimate of large - scale changes in ice - melt rates , due to lack of consensus .
- Oceans are becoming more acidic more quickly than expected , jeopardizing the ability of shellfish and corals to form their external skeletons .
Water that can corrode a shell - making carbonate substance called aragonite is already welling up during the summer along the California coast , decades earlier than models predict .
Ecosystems
- Since the 2007 IPCC report , wide - ranging surveys have shown changes to the seasonal behaviour and distribution of all well - studied marine , freshwater and terrestrial groups of plants and animals .
Polar and mountaintop species have seen severe contractions of their ranges .
- A recent study projecting the impacts of climate change on the pattern of marine biodiversity suggests dramatic changes to come .
Ecosystems in sub-polar waters , the tropics and semi-enclosed seas are predicted to suffer numerous extinctions by 2050 , while the Arctic and Southern Oceans will experience severe species invasions .
Marine ecosystems as a whole may see a species turnover of up to 60 percent .
- Under the IPCC scenario that most closely matches current trends - i.e. with the highest projected emissions - between 12 and 39 percent of the Earth 's land surface could experience previously unknown climate conditions by 2100 .
A similar proportion , between 10 and 48 percent , will see existing climates disappear .
Many of these " disappearing climates " coincide with biodiversity hotspots , and with the added problem of fragmented habitats and physical obstructions to migration , it is feared many species will struggle to adapt to the new conditions .
- Perennial drought conditions have already been observed in South - eastern Australia and South - western North America .
Projections suggest that persistent water scarcity will increase in a number of regions in coming years , including southern and northern Africa , the Mediterranean , much of the Middle East , a broad band in Central Asia and the Indian subcontinent .
Management
- The reality of a rapidly - changing climate may make conventional approaches to conservation and restoration of habitats ineffective .
Drastic measures such as large - scale translocation or assisted colonization of species may need to be considered .
- Eco-agriculture , in which landscapes are managed to sustain a range of ecosystem services , including food production , may need to replace the current segregation of land use between conservation and production .
This could help create resilient agricultural ecosystems better able to adapt to the changing climate conditions .
- Experts increasingly agree that active protection of tropical forests is a cost - effective means of cutting global emissions .
An international mechanism of reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation ( REDD ) is likely to emerge as a central component of a new agreement in Copenhagen .
However , many issues need to be resolved , such as how to verify the reductions and ensuring fair treatment of local and indigenous forest communities .
- A number of innovative approaches are emerging to keep carbon out of the atmosphere , including the use of " biochar " , biologically - derived charcoal .
It is mixed in soils , increasing fertility and potentially locking up carbon for centuries .
This is a 21st century application of a technology known as Terra Preta , or Black Earth , used by Amazon peoples before the arrival of Europeans in South America .
To download the full report , visit http://www.unep.org/compendium2009/
For more information please contact :
Nick Nuttall , UNEP Spokesperson and Head of Media , on Tel : +254 20 7623084 , Mobile : +254 733 632755 , or when travelling : +41 795965737 , or e-mail : nick.nuttall@unep.org ;
Elisabeth Guilbaud - Cox , Senior Communications Officer , UNEP Regional Office for North America , Tel : 1 ( 202 ) 974-1307 , Mobile : 1 ( 202 ) 812-2100 , Email : elisabeth.guilbaud-cox@unep.org
Vincent van Gogh cut off his ear .
Sylvia Plath stuck her head in the oven .
History teems with examples of great artists acting in very peculiar ways .
Were these artists simply mad or brilliant ?
According to new research reported in Psychological Science , a journal of the Association for Psychological Science , maybe both .
In order to examine the link between psychosis and creativity , psychiatrist Szabolcs Kéri of Semmelweis University in Hungary focused his research on neuregulin 1 , a gene that normally plays a role in a variety of brain processes , including development and strengthening communication between neurons .
However , a variant of this gene ( or genotype ) is associated with a greater risk of developing mental disorders , such as schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .
In this study , the researchers recruited volunteers who considered themselves to be very creative and accomplished .
They underwent a battery of tests , including assessments for intelligence and creativity .
To measure creativity , the volunteers were asked to respond to a series of unusual questions ( for example , " Just suppose clouds had strings attached to them which hang down to earth .
What would happen ? " ) and were scored based on the originality and flexibility of their answers .
They also completed a questionnaire regarding their lifetime creative achievements before the researchers took blood samples .
The results show a clear link between neuregulin 1 and creativity : Volunteers with the specific variant of this gene were more likely to have higher scores on the creativity assessment and also greater lifetime creative achievements than volunteers with a different form of the gene .
Kéri notes that this is the first study to show that a genetic variant associated with psychosis may have some beneficial functions .
He observes that " molecular factors that are loosely associated with severe mental disorders but are present in many healthy people may have an advantage enabling us to think more creatively . "
In addition , these findings suggest that certain genetic variations , even though associated with adverse health problems , may survive evolutionary selection and remain in a population 's gene pool if they also have beneficial effects .
Source : Association for Psychological Science ( news : web )
Explore further
The genetics of fear : Study suggests specific genetic variations contribute to anxiety disorders
From Conservapedia
Jump to : navigation
Hi
I have a couple more pages to create .
Stay tuned .
-- Jpatt 10:42 , 24 October 2019 ( EDT )
D avid Dewees died an innocent man .
Maybe that 's reason enough to take one 's own life – there will never be a finding of guilt on the criminal charges brought against the apparently well - liked Jarvis Collegiate teacher .
But was it guilt of another kind , shame and self - loathing , that made the 32 - year - old lie down on the tracks at High Park subway station Saturday morning rather than face trial ?
Such a sad tale all around and now students and colleagues , to say nothing of Dewees ' family , will have to deal with the consequences .
That 's also the aftermath of suicide :
Anger , a need to cast or shirk blame , questions without answers and the taint of cowardliness .
It is a moot issue , whether suicide is an act of cowardice or courage .
Police wo n't confirm details on the incident , as a matter of policy on suicides .
But if Dewees really did lie prone on the rails and wait for an oncoming train to mangle his body , condemning himself to those moments of terrifying anticipation , then he embraced a worse comeuppance than any retribution the courts could impose .
This was a ritualistic punishment , a self - mutilation .
At the same time , Dewees shunted the guilt to others : any victim who lodged a complaint , cops who investigated his alleged crimes and laid the charges , the media for publishing his name .
Our law affords no protection from libel to the dead .
So we will assume by his actions , and for the purpose of exploring this awful event , that Dewees was guilty as charged ; that the Grade 10 English and Latin teacher and volunteer camp counsellor did indeed invite sexual touching – as opposed to actual touching – from boys , luring them on the Internet .
Police said he'd been removed from his counselling post at the Christian - based Ontario Pioneer Camp in Port Sydney , Ont. , after the emails surfaced .
He was charged on Thursday , out on $ 25,000 bail .
The Star , it must be acknowledged , got the charges wrong in a Friday digest item that said Dewees had been charged with sexually assaulting two 13 - year - olds .
There was no assault alleged by police .
The distinction is important though it 's doubtful – this too can never be ascertained – such an error ( corrected ) had much impact on Dewees ' state of mind .
Some , who knew Dewees , will not accept even the news merit of the story , seeing in the straightforward reporting a malice that did n't exist .
In an email to the Star , one associate wrote : " I worked with this totally decent man at Jarvis Collegiate for several years .
It was sickening enough to see the police toss the `innocent until proven guilty ' concept out the window by publishing his photo before any legal proceedings had begun .
It is disgusting to see that your newspaper gleefully contributed to the damn - the - facts sensationalism . "
There was no sensationalism .
Neither the Star nor the police treated the incident differently from any other charge that appears on a cop blotter .
This is a public record .
The police and the media cannot make allowances of sensitivity for an accused .
From all reports , including comments posted on social networking sites , Dewees was a gifted teacher who made learning even so arcane a subject as Latin a lively endeavour .
He blew the dust off a dead language .
" I do n't know which was funnier – when he made up the ` Senex Salvius fundum habebat ' song to the tune of Old MacDonald on the spot or `domus ambulans ' as the Latin word for RV , " one student wrote on RateMyTeachers.com .
" What a character . "
Another posted : " Mr. Dewees reads poetry with the most passion and enthusiasm I 've ever witnessed . "
Clearly , Dewees had a positive influence on the lives of many students .
Some reject outright the idea that he would have sexually interfered with young teenage boys , suggesting a misunderstanding had occurred or that he had been enticed into making a sexual approach .
In fact , it is just this high esteem and loyalty in which Dewees was held by those in his charge that makes the accusation so distressing .
And surely Dewees knew that as he orchestrated the final tragic act in his life .
His kink , a sexual attraction to boys , was the nub of the thing and it was out there in the public domain .
His reputation was in ruins , even if many students still admired and respected the guy .
In the way of these matters , that reputation would not have been resurrected either , in the event of acquittal .
A sexual compulsion for minors is hard - wired in the brain .
There 's little Dewees could have done to alter his thoughts .
While it may be a perversion , fantasizing about sex with children is n't a crime .
But acting on those urges is ( despite a small constituency of deviants that seeks to take the moral sting out of " intergenerational sex " ) , even to the extent of owning child pornography .
Thus the possession and importing child porn charges laid Friday against 69 - year - old Antigonish bishop Raymond Lahey , just two weeks after his diocese reached a $ 15 million settlement with individuals who said they were abused by priests as children .
( Lahey was not implicated in that case . )
If Dewees was aroused by boys , prudence demanded he put himself far from temptation , although there 's really no such thing as safe distance in an online universe .
Yet he taught pubescent boys and volunteered at a youth camp .
He was a figure of trust and authority .
That was his betrayal .
In death , with all its deliberate melodrama , Dewees can be pitied .
Perhaps he preferred that to scorn .
But Dewees was the author of his own torment because he surely knew the danger of such inappropriate conduct as alleged .
This was not some romanticized Dead Poets Society .
He was flirting with public exposure and disaster .
It must have both thrilled and sickened him .
Now , he 's the only one at peace .
Rosie DiManno usually appears Monday , Wednesday , Friday and Saturday .
I was completely unaware of where we were going and equally perplexed by my friend Hitomi ’s appearance .
I had never known her to care much about style , but that night she wore makeup and was dressed to the hilt .
I did n’t know she owned lipstick , let alone lace .
We found Aoi tucked away in the back of a building surrounded by noodle shops , sushi bars , and massage parlors .
Warm , sticky air and blurry neon seemed to be chasing us off the streets of Gion , the old geisha quarter of Kyoto .
Hitomi creaked open the large wooden door and the scene inside assaulted my senses .
Thick laughter , drunken jabbering , and sappy - slow karaoke filled my ears before my eyes had a chance to adjust to the muted light .
Cool , smoky air bathed us on its way out into the night .
Everything was red .
The carpeted floor , the velvet chairs , the couches , and even the wooden bar had a crimson gleam .
Though the crooning did n’t stop once I was inside , I felt as if the needle had come off the record player .
I was underdressed : jeans and a t - shirt clashed with the tourmaline - black suits of customers and the kimono and dresses of the women .
People stared , and suddenly I understood why .
Hitomi had dressed up because it was a hostess bar , and she was a hostess .
She was ready to work .
These are places where women earn their keep by drinking , flirting , and singing with men .
Customers pay a cover charge , often hefty , and buy liquor at marked - up prices .
Sometimes they pay the bar for the privilege of taking hostesses out to dinner and delivering them to work .
By the look of it , Aoi was the kind of hostess bar that would cost more money than I had on me to simply sit down and breathe the air - conditioning .
I whispered to Hitomi , “ I ca n’t pay for a night of drinking here . ”
She elbowed my ribs and said , “ Shhh . ”
She shuffled me to a table in the corner and let Setsuko know she was ready to begin .
The stares waned as the men returned to pursuits more pleasant than gaping at a foreigner .
Setsuko was a diminutive woman nearing sixty with piercing eyes and an exquisite memory .
I had met her the previous night when she had Hitomi and me over for dinner at her home .
She never told me what she did for a living , and I had n’t thought to ask .
Setsuko only said to stop by her “ shop ” sometime .
Now , she had transformed from a woman dressed in sweats to a full - bird mama - san .
Wrapped in kimono , face whitened with makeup , and hair done up perfectly , Setsuko was the boss .
While I was trying to make sense of how I had ended up in a hostess bar , Setsuko came over .
After exchanging pleasantries , she asked what I wanted to drink .
I said water , thinking of my wallet .
She had Hitomi bring over a bottle of water and a glass of ice .
But she remembered from the night before that I liked whiskey .
Without a word , she produced a bottle of Jameson and a second glass of perfectly clear ice .
I protested , explaining the mountain of college debt I still owed .
She would n’t hear of it , saying , “ You ’re my guest tonight .
Relax and enjoy yourself .
Do n’t forget to look around . ”
I apologized for being a nuisance , thanked her , and happily took a drink — effectively concluding our dance of etiquette .
Pleased that I had relented , Setsuko slid over to the adjoining table that was full of rosy - faced men .
After a few words from her , one of the men offered me a bottle of beer and a glass .
As soon as we had said cheers , another customer came in the door and Setsuko flitted over to greet him .
En route , she waved over Hitomi and then motioned for another hostess to take care of me .
The hostesses came over one by one when they had a free moment .
With each new face , I was gently , but firmly compelled to drink .
Not that I minded .
After a while , Hitomi took her turn and came back to my table for a break .
Just as she sat down , a solitary old man appeared .
He was dressed in dark slacks and a sweater .
A few wisps of frost - colored hair rose from his head .
He looked uneasy until a hostess greeted him .
“ Try not to look at him , ” Hitomi said .
“ When he comes in alone , he does n’t like it when people know he ’s a monk . ”
“ A what ? ”
“ Shhh ! ” Hitomi hissed .
“ A monk , ” she said in a low voice .
“ He usually comes in with a group .
Monks are among our biggest clients . ”
Before I could ask anything further , Setsuko looked over , curled an eyebrow , and the game of musical chairs began anew .
Hitomi was off to entertain the monk and another hostess sat with me .
She introduced herself as Yuki and then took my hand in hers .
“ This is how we do it here , ” she said .
None of the other hostesses had held my hand , but my thoughts and gaze stayed on the monk .
He took out a handkerchief and wiped his brow .
Yuki squeezed my hand .
In her deep , cigarette - husky voice she said , “ They told you I ’m really a man , did n’t they ?
I hope that does n’t make you uncomfortable .
Does it ? ”
“ What ? ” She had my attention now .
Another hostess chimed in , “ It ’s true !
It ’s true !
Yuki ’s real name is Yukio .
Is n’t that right Yukio - san ? ”
They laughed .
I do n’t know whether it was the new place , the drink , the monk , or my innate gullibility , but they had me .
After a few minutes of watching me fidget and search her neck for an Adam ’s apple , Yuki let me know it was joke .
Yuki was just Yuki .
“ I have two kids , you know .
But do n’t tell any of the customers . ”
She laughed and went over to the monk as Hitomi switched to a professor .
It turned out that Yuki was the monk ’s favorite .
Hand in hand , Yuki and monk belted duet after duet on the karaoke machine .
He barely touched his beer .
It did n’t take long for the songs to sound the same — they were all about lost love and loneliness .
And then abruptly , the old monk left .
He was at Aoi for barely an hour .
When the hostesses grew busy with clients , I watched from the corner alone .
The club was small with only a few tables and love seats .
It was cozy enough to eavesdrop when the air was n’t filled with song .
Since words are the lifeblood of the business , the hostesses were phenomenal conversationalists .
The women could feign curiosity about anything from squid fishing to ball bearing factories , and they effortlessly wove in compliments as they spoke .
Even though I was n’t a paying customer , I came away from each chat strangely feeling better about myself — except when Yuki fooled me .
To my surprise , the conversations I heard were relatively tame .
Sexual innuendo was rare , and most men spoke of work and their families .
Groups tended to get louder as alcohol and loosened inhibitions .
When I could n’t hear , I watched the give and take of body language .
Each hostess had her own style and boundaries .
A man from a bank with hands that always seemed to be seeking taboo places elicited different responses .
Mami , a younger hostess who was married unbeknownst to her regulars , would lean away and brush him back without missing a beat in the conversation .
She was so smooth that the man barely noticed he had been foiled .
Yuki , on the other hand , was playful .
When the man moved close , she let him graze her for a moment before slapping away his hand and scolding him .
The man grinned and the rest of his table roiled with laughter .
“ It ’s a big game , ” she told me later .
“ You have to treat them like naughty children . ” I tried to imagine the groups of monks .
Were there naughty members in their groups too ?
When closing time neared , Yuki and Hitomi sat down with me and indulged my curiosity about the monks .
Part of the reason Aoi had so many monks as customers was that there are so many important temples in Kyoto .
Several sects of Buddhism have their main temples in the city .
Monks come from all over the country for meetings and study .
Like businessmen on business trips , they unwind at night with drink .
Each time I went back to Aoi , there were groups of monks in business suits .
They seemed just like the other customers — local bureaucrats , bankers , and professors — except with less hair .
The monks sang buttery love songs , bantered , smoked , and sometimes drank until they walked like toddlers .
In short , they partook in all the usual activities in a hostess bar .
But I never witnessed a monk try to put his hands where they were n’t welcome .
When I asked if the monks treated them better than other clients , Yuki and Hitomi told me about one who loves to take hostesses shopping .
He would bring three or four of them at once to trendy districts in Kyoto and splurge .
Mami , especially fond of handbags , always joined the shopping trips .
The most recent spree netted the women over $ 4000 of clothes and accessories .
Hitomi had gone along , but did n’t want anything .
Annoyed , the monk scolded her , “ I invited you to buy things , not window shop . ”
The money comes from the business of taking care of the dead .
This particular monk oversaw a temple in a neighboring prefecture with a profitable cemetery .
A family that started and continues to run a sizable electronics company has its grave there and the living members makes frequent , lucrative donations that , in turn , keep certain hostesses at the height of fashion .
It was a bit too much to digest at once .
I could not make sense of the thought ( and sight ) of monks reveling with hostesses .
When I asked Yuki about the contradictions between my image of Buddhism and the happenings at Aoi , she did n’t understand at first .
Then Yuki mentioned that Hitomi had made friends with one of the monks .
Whenever he came in , they would sit off to the side and discuss chants and meditation while sipping tea .
He invited her to lectures about Buddhism held at temples around Kyoto .
Eventually , the monk had recruited her to become a monk as well — it only took two years of study to pass through the Jōdoshū sect ’s training .
I could only shrug .
*
By the end of my first visit to Aoi , I was exhausted .
Once the doors were shut for the night , the lights brightened and the women began to clean ( they let me wash some dishes ) .
The plush red carpet betrayed stains of beer and wine from the years of entertaining .
The high pitched whine of a vacuum blotted out all other sounds .
Setsuko seemed full of energy , even at such a late hour .
And she was ravenous .
Gion is like lively districts in most big cities : you can always find a place to eat no matter the hour .
Setsuko brought Hitomi and me to a sushi bar where they knew the chef — an infrequent customer at Aoi .
He is nice , they said , but had recently gone through a divorce owing to a number of affairs .
The women seemed to know everything about everyone .
The chef asked me , “ So , can you eat sushi ? ”
“ I can eat anything you have , ” I said , offering up a challenge .
If the chef bit , he would serve something that was notorious for making Japanese people squeamish .
And if I got it down , something tasty might follow free of charge .
As we waited for him to prepare our food , Setsuko asked me , “ What did you think of my shop ? ”
“ I ’d like to go back sometime , as long as you let me pay for my drinks at least . ”
Setsuko laughed .
“ He was confused by the monk , ” Hitomi added .
“ Oh , of course , of course , ” Setsuko said .
Her eyes followed the chef as he disappeared into the back room .
Then she squinted at me and said , “ They ’re strange sometimes , but you need to remember that they are men . ”
“ And men enjoy the company of women , ” Hitomi added .
“ I wo n’t argue with that , ” I said .
“ You do know of Mount Hiei , up there ? ” Setsuko said , pointing in the direction of the home of Tendai Buddhism .
I nodded .
“ The monks there have had a…let ’s say a ‘ relationship ’ with Gion for centuries . ”
The sushi appeared .
We also each received a small bowl filled with white , bulbous things in a citrusy sauce .
“ What ’s this ? ” Hitomi asked .
“ Shirako , ” the chef replied with an ominous grin , staring at me .
Think rocky mountain oysters , except from tuna — and raw .
After watching testosterone - filled , red - faced old men chase women , eating shirako seemed a fitting way to end the night .
At least that ’s what Setsuko and Hitomi said .
In the end , the ploy worked — we received some other , more usual parts of tuna free of charge .
Scientists are one step closer to knowing what you 've seen by reading your mind .
Having modeled how images are represented in the brain , the researchers translated recorded patterns of neural activity into pictures of what test subjects had seen .
Though practical applications are decades away , the research could someday lead to dream - readers and thought - controlled computers .
" It 's what you would actually use if you were going to build a functional brain - reading device , " said Jack Gallant , a University of California , Berkeley neuroscientist .
The research , led by Gallant and Berkeley postdoctoral researcher Thomas Naselaris , builds on earlier work in which they used neural patterns to identify pictures from within a limited set of options .
The current approach , described Wednesday in Neuron , uses a more complete view of the brain 's visual centers .
Its results are closer to reconstruction than identification , which Gallant likened to " the magician 's card trick where you pick a card from a deck , and he guesses which card you picked .
The magician knows all the cards you could have seen . "
In the latest study , " the card could be a photograph of anything in the universe .
The magician has to figure it out without ever seeing it , " said Gallant .
To construct their model , the researchers used an fMRI machine , which measures blood flow through the brain , to track neural activity in three people as they looked at pictures of everyday settings and objects .
As in the earlier study , they looked at parts of the brain linked to the shape of objects .
Unlike before , they looked at regions whose activity correlates with general classifications , such as " buildings " or " small groups of people . "
Once the model was calibrated , the test subjects looked at another set of pictures .
After interpreting the resulting neural patterns , the researchers ' program plucked corresponding pictures from a database of 6 million images .
Frank Tong , a Vanderbilt University neuroscientist who studies how thoughts are manifested in the brain , said the Neuron study was n't quite A pure , draw - from - scratch reconstruction .
But it was impressive nonetheless , especially for the detail it gathered from measurements that are still extremely coarse .
The researchers ' fMRI readings bundled the output of millions of neurons into single output blocks .
" At the finer level , there is a ton of information .
We just do n't have a way to tap into that without opening the skull and accessing it directly , " said Tong .
Gallant hopes to develop methods of interpreting other types of brain activity measurement , such as optical laser scans or EEG readings .
He mentioned medical communication devices as a possible application , and computer programs for which visual thinking makes sense — CAD - CAM or Photoshop , straight from the brain .
Such applications are decades away , but " you could use algorithms like this to decode other things than vision , " said Gallant .
" In theory , you could analyze internal speech .
You could have someone talk to themselves , and have it come out in a machine . "
See Also :
Citation : " Bayesian Reconstruction of Natural Images from Human Brain Activity . "
By Thomas Naselaris , Ryan J. Prenger , Kendrick N. Kay , Michael Oliver , and Jack L. Gallant .
Neuron , Vol. 63 Issue 6 , September 24 , 2009 .
Image : From Neuron .
Images seen by test subjects are in the left column .
In the middle the image reconstructions returned by the researchers ' older , structure - focused analysis .
At right are the image reconstructions produced by the newer , category - including model .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points .
New York City is urging Jewish parents to stop letting mohels suck blood from circumcision wounds .
The sucking , which is supposed to clean the wound , reportedly happens 2,000 to 4,000 times a year in the city .
The city acted after several sucked boys got herpes infections , one of which led to brain damage .
Some Orthodox Jews hold the practice sacred and accuse the city of violating religious freedom .
Others say it 's about time the city did something to protect kids from zealots .
The city says a ban would be unenforceable and beyond government 's authority , and education is the next best thing .
The New York Times reported in August that three boys had contracted herpes , and one had died .
Doing a quick search , I find that indeed this has recently been written up , in a series of eight babies who contracted herpes after ritual circumsion .
Historically , Jewish ritual circumcision consists of 3 parts : 1 ) the excision of the outer part of the prepuce ( milah ) , 2 ) slitting of the foreskin's inner lining to facilitate the total uncovering of the glans ( peri'ah ) , and 3 ) the sucking of the blood from the wound .
Formerly , the mohel took some wine in his mouth and applied his lips to the part involved in the operation and exerted suction , after which he expelled the mixture of wine and blood into a receptacle provided for this purpose ; this procedure was repeated several times until bleeding stopped ( metzitzah ) .
The first 2 parts are the act of circumcision , whereas the removal of the blood was done for medical reasons of wound care .
However , the ancient procedure of metzitzah also carries a risk of infection , and currently most mohels use an appropriate suction device , such as a mucus extractor .
In the 19th century , Ignaz Philipp Semmelweis ( 1818 - 1865 ) established the principles of hygiene and disease transmission , after neonatal tuberculosis was documented after circumcision by an infected mohel .
16
Since then , most rabbinical authorities modified their approach in response to these findings .
Because the Talmudic injunction to perform metzitzah did not explicitly stipulate oral suction , > 160 years ago , Rabbi Moses Schreiber ( Pressburg , 1762 - 1839 ) , a leading rabbinical authority , ruled that metzitzah could be conducted by instrumental suction , 16 a ruling quickly adopted by most rabbinical authorities .
Consequently , the great majority of ritual circumcisions are performed today with a sterile device and not by oral suction by the mohel .
Herpes in the newborn period is a horrible disease with a high rate of death or lifelong disability / handicap , and that is just one of the many problems that could result from this practice .
Best case , it involves weeks of intravenous therapy and close followup .
There is no practical way to insure that the moel is not excreting herpes in his saliva at any one moment .
No medications or preparations can prevent innoculation if this practice is followed .
Evidently the practice is known to be dangerous and is no longer performed by most mohels :
All I can say to those who allow this to happen to their boys : good luck with all that , but do n't think that you are beyond the reach of society .
This is , imho , an abuse arguably worse than the more publicized instances of families who did not take their child to a doctor with a severe illness , and thereby run afoul of the authorities .
In the circ / suck situation , the illness is CAUSED by the intentional act.
80 % of adults have intermittent labial herpes ( cold sores ) and the shedding of virus is unpredictable .
do n't want to offend , but this offends me .
No Fee
Unless We Win
All clients want to know the value of their case .
The truth is that no two injury cases are the same .
Our ability to evaluate your case and make accurate assessments of the value is based on our years of experience
Since every case is different a complete assessment of the evidence is required .
The facts of each case are always different .
The amount of compensation you deserve depends on many variables , which our firm understands and can review with you .
Who is responsible for the accident , current , past and future medical bills , impact on a client ’s lifestyle , lost wages , and pain and suffering are all considered in determining what your case will be worth .
The financial resources of the responsible party can affect how much compensation you can collect .
in New York and Pennsylvania .
Kahn , Gordon , Timko and Rodriques handles injury cases on a contingency basis .
That means you will not have to pay any attorney ’s fees unless we collect money for you .
Our free consultation means there is no cost to have your potential claim evaluated .
Our fee is based on a percentage of what we recover on your behalf and depends on the kind of case and how much we are able to recover .
All of this is discussed in our initial free consultation .
This fee arrangement allows all of our clients a chance to seek justice when they are injured through no fault of their own , regardless of what their personal resources are .
Our experience goes beyond fighting for your rights .
We are concerned about our clients future whether you or your recovery will be secure , will your medical bills be paid or how taxes may effect your recovery Hiring a personal injury lawyer is a big decision , .
We understand and appreciate the confidence of clients who hire us .
We will work hard everyday to earn their trust .
Call us now so we can help with your case .
Introducing a weekly Psychic Astrology Forecast -- found only on Factoidz - - and presented here for the first time .
This Astrology Forecast is a guide , not a road map , to your week ahead .
Use it to help you take a new look - or even another look - at the persons , places and things in your life during the week of Oct. 11 - Oct. 17 .
The Business at Hand :
Aries :
This week begins with your impatience to get new business ideas rolling .
But short - cuts will not lead to success , at least not this time .
You need to spend some precious time in deep contemplation about what you really want and expect from your new business .
At this time , there is no easy way for you to score big without research .
Remember , This Recession has enabled many of us to see what we can do without .
Keep that in mind .
Taurus :
Expect some conflict from those who work for and with you ; perhaps some of these are Aries , impatient to plunge ahead before you are ready .
Taurus , you are good at holding ground and holding steady , but you may be issuing New Rules this week to keep the company and your customers in Line .
With you , as with every other sign , customer satisfaction is vital right now .
Gemini : A surprise promotion or extra - work assignment comes at a great time for you this week , Gemini ; you may not be all that surprised .
You 've worked your tail off for many months .
It 's time for pay - off to you - some acknowledgment and a validation you need to keep doing what you 're doing .
Cancer / Moonchild : Certain troubling issues clear - up for you this week when you find renewed courage and a will to speak out about wrong - doing going on around you .
Some people find Cancer / Moonchild an easy victim , business - wise , but once you see the light , there is no stopping your tenacity and motivation to make the wrongs right and the bad guys -- like a certain bathroom cleaner -- vanish .
Leo :
You shine this week , Leo - like Gemini , you can bask in definite progress at work and even some acclaim for your successes .
These may range from small to large victories , depending on your Moon Sign .
Here , success size does not matter , but success comes at a critical point for you , Leo .
You now have more energy and motivation to exert your leadership were it matters .
Virgo :
You are still muddling several business ideas this week , trying to determine which has the best chance of success .
Do some research about which business sectors are thriving now ( check The New York Times for Oct. 4 ) and take a look around at your neighborhood , or a location close to home .
Is there a service or green business you can start - up relatively easily and with little cost ?
Libra :
Your creative talents will blossom this week - especially in the writing / art areas .
It 's time for you to creatively express your background and experiences in a new and different format - like on - line or in - public , where people can see what you create .
Spend some time brainstorming , because the time is right for you to launch - either alone or with an unexpected partner .
Scorpio :
This week , take a look around at your competition .
There are many people battling for the same sales and business ideas you are going after .
It 's up to you , this week , to figure out how you can land the job or win the role or create more sales to beat the competition .
Because there are so few jobs and so much demand for the few out there , you will have to find your own niche and then promote it .
Sagittarius : Work the phones , the Internet , and the club and cocktail circuit ; it 's a good week to network .
But do n't be obnoxious as you promote your self and your ideas .
You are among the best networkers in the Zodiac , Sag , but some times you tend to go overboard or become overbearing .
You need to practice this week on holding - back , just enough .
Spend time this week going through your list of contacts .
Weed out the stale contacts and and concentrate ( diplomatically ) on contacting the likeliest business prospects .
Capricorn : Still an uphill climb this week , Cap , but you will keep climbing .
The phone is not yet ringing off the hook and you 've gone a long time between job offers .
But this week brings you a surprise !
The phone rings and you have a new offer or offers to consider .
When it rains , it really rains !
Deciding whether or not the offers work for you will consume your time this week .
Aquarius :
Time to get the creative mojo working again this week , Aquarius .
You 've been over - analyzing , as you tend to do , and your creativity has been languishing because you simply think too much .
Take a break this week and watch a funny movie or go shopping for a Halloween costume to indulge in any diversion that emphasizes feeling over thinking .
This is a good week to express emotions ( even if it 's in private ) ; venting will charge you up .
Pisces :
Watch your back or rather , feel your back , because there are people around you who would like to have what you have right now .
You 're sensitive enough to notice the green - eyed monsters when they invade your space , but you do not usually anticipate or see them coming .
You 've been doing well in This Recession , Pisces .
And there are people in your workplace or outside of it who think you 'd make a lovely target .
Head them off at the pass this week .
This week , as you can see , is all about business - perhaps the subject on most people 's minds .
My psychic astrology forecasts are a combination of psychic interpretation and Astrology archetypes .
Watch this space for weekly , monthly and Astrology articles of interest .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dogbert the CEO Dogbert says , " We need to make our pricing plan more confusing . "
Dogbert says , " And change our packaging to that hard plastic that always cuts the consumes ' hands . "
Dogbert says , " I 've been in a bad mood since everyone started talking about capping my excessive pay . "
Before an experiment could be devised where a CD would be rotated to complete failure , a proper motor had to be obtained that would be capable of achieving those high rotational velocities with the load presented by a CD .
Although a CD is very light and aerodynamic , when it starts to spin at a couple tens of thousandths of rotations per minute the drag created by air around its surface can be sufficient to slow the motor down considerably .
High torque motors are very common and cheap , as are small high speed motors .
Unfortunately however , high speed , high torque motors are a much rarer and expensive find .
My choice was to use a Dremel tool as the motor .
It was cheap , easily available , and , more importantly , the rated 35000 RPM spindle speed meant that it had some real potential for spinning things to destruction .
At 35000 RPM very small imperfections and balancing errors can lead to extreme vibration ; so much , in fact , that it would be possible to damage the bearings or bend the axle on the tool if something as heavy as a CD was to start wobbling ( bear in mind that the Dremel tool was designed for very small , light weight loads and even then many of its attachments carry warnings not to be used at full speed ) .
One of the first challenges of the research was to find a means to secure the CD perfectly in the middle of the tool .
A custom made CNC lathe spun aluminum holder was considered but before I ever left the room I realized that the cylindrical sanding attachments Dremel makes not only fit a CD hole perfectly , but also have adjustable width so that the CD could be gripped in place .
With the CD in place and the dremel plugged in , it was time for the fun to begin !
The Dremel was switched on and the rotational velocity was gradually increased to its maximum , at which point the CD hummed and whined in a very menacing manner .
Mildly disappointed that it had not exploded , I realized that it wanted out ; a quick jerk at the tool and the CD slid out of the holder and contacted the carpet whilst spinning at ungodly speeds .
It peeled out a bit in front of me and proceeded to make its way to the door at a very high speed .
On contacting the closed door , the CD did a most unexpected thing : it first bounced back a few inches , and then , when it hit the door again , it jumped straight up the door and struck the ceiling , exploding into thousands of fragments which rained down on the entire room .
This first experiment was unfortunately not videoed , but it served to get everyone in the room to put glasses on and cower away behind pieces of furniture , whilst people in the hall corridor quickly made their way to my door to ask what was going on .
Now , with an audience , the camera was taken out and the real experimentation began ...
A standard compact disk has a diameter of 12 cm .
If this disk is to spin at 35000 RPM , the peripheral velocity at the edges of the disk ( .377 m circumference x 583.3 turns per second ) will near 220m / s , or 722 fps , or 792 km / h or 492 miles per hour .
That is one fast CD - Rom !
At those speeds the CD is storing over 150 joules of energy .
Conversely , if the CD was to explode at that velocity , the pieces would escape at a similar speed .
Although a Dremel tool does not have the required power to sustain its maximum RPM with a load as big as a CD - Rom , the CDs did go very fast ; fast enough to blow all the foil off from one of them , explode another , and launch several across the room at speeds high enough that they exploded on impact , or flew up to the ceiling .
Videos are available below for your amusement .
SNIPE : Any of various long - billed shore birds of the genus Gallinago or Capella .
A sniper was original someone who hunted snipe .
A snipe is n't a particularly meaty bird , or a good - tasting one at that .
It 's uniqueness is in that of it 's ability to escape hunters .
It 's ocnsidered one of the hardest small - prey to hit .
So called " snipers " originally hunted the bird for practice , for bigger game .
Eventually , many a hunter targetted the bird for honor and bragging rights , and this lead to sniping tournaments .
The definition of " Sniper " has changed a lot since then , but still based on the same idea of stalking and scouting , while the acheiving your ultimate goal of taking out your target ( mostly from a concealed location , long range ) .
-- Steve Leo ( steve@steveleo.com ) , October 12 , 2003
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A confidential analysis by staff of the U.N. nuclear watchdog has concluded that Iran has acquired “ sufficient information to be able to design and produce ” an atom bomb , The New York Times reported on Saturday .
The Times report was posted on its website hours after Mohamed ElBaradei , head of the International Atomic Energy Agency , arrived in Tehran for talks on a timetable for inspectors to visit a newly disclosed unfinished nuclear enrichment plant .
Iran , which rejects Western charges that it is seeking to build nuclear weapons , held talks with six world powers in Geneva on Thursday .
Western officials said that in the talks , Iran had agreed “ in principle ” to ship out most of its enriched uranium for reprocessing in Russia and France .
The analysis , according to the Times , says the IAEA “ assesses that Iran has sufficient information to be able to design and produce a workable implosion nuclear device ” based on highly enriched uranium .
The Times said unnamed senior European officials had described the document ’s conclusions to the paper .
It said the report was written earlier this year and had since been revised , and quoted one official as saying the text was “ not ready for publication as an official document . ”
It said the report , titled “ Possible Military Dimensions of Iran ’s Nuclear Program , ” described a complex program run by Iran ’s Defense Ministry “ aimed at the development of a nuclear payload to be delivered using the Shahab 3 missile system . ”
The report said the program apparently started in 2002 .
It suggested “ the Iranians have done a wide array of research and testing to perfect nuclear arms , like making high - voltage detonators , firing test explosives and designing warheads , ” the Times said , but it did not say how much progress they made .
“ The agency ’s tentative analysis also says that Iran ‘ most likely ’ obtained the needed information for designing and building an implosion bomb ‘ from external sources ’ and then adapted the information to its own needs , ” the Times said .
The paper said a dispute had erupted in recent months over the report between the IAEA ’s senior staff and ElBaradei , the agency ’s outgoing director who opposes adopting a “ confrontational strategy ” with Iran .
“ In recent weeks , there have been leaks about the internal report , perhaps intended to press Dr. ElBaradei into releasing it , ” the Times said .
Mohammed Ajmal Amir Qasab opened fire on commuters , it is alleged
The leading suspect in last November 's deadly attacks in the Indian city of Mumbai ( Bombay ) has pleaded guilty .
Mohammad Ajmal Amir Qasab stood up before the court to say he admitted his role in the killings .
Mr Qasab , who is a Pakistani , faces 86 charges , including waging war on India , murder and possessing explosives .
It is not clear why he changed his plea after pleading not guilty in May to all charges .
More than 170 people died in the attacks , nine of them gunmen .
Prosecutors say Mr Qasab is the sole surviving attacker .
He could face the death penalty if his confession is accepted and judges agree to impose the maximum penalty .
' Shocked '
The BBC's Prachi Pinglay , who was in the courtroom in Mumbai , said Mr Qasab appeared calm .
AT THE SCENE Prachi Pinglay
BBC News , Mumbai
Mohammad Ajmal Amir Qasab appeared very calm in court , smiling a number of times as his confession was being recorded .
Now Pakistan has accepted he is a Pakistani national he wanted to confess , he told the court .
Mr Qasab spoke lucidly for several hours , giving specific details of names of people he had met , the kind of training he had received and weapons he had used .
He talked about his family and named his two brothers and two sisters .
The judge will now meet prosecution and defence teams to hear their views about the change of plea .
Legal experts say it is still not clear if the trial is over .
Shock and surprise in court Extracts from suspect 's confession
He said there had been no pressure on him to confess and it had been his decision to do so .
" I request the court to accept my plea and pronounce the sentence , " he told the judge , smiling .
Prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam said : " We were not expecting this .
We were all shocked when he made a plea of guilt .
" It is for the court to decide whether to accept his plea or not .
It was all of a sudden .
The court is now recording his plea . "
Shortly afterwards Mr Nikam told the BBC the confession was " a victory for the prosecution " .
During his testimony , the suspect gave details of his journey from Pakistan , the attacks at a historic railway station in Mumbai and the city 's Cama hospital .
Mr Qasab 's lawyer said he had nothing to do with the confession .
It is not fully clear what prompted Mr Qasab to change his plea .
He said he had done so because Pakistan had finally admitted he was a Pakistani citizen , but that was some time ago .
Police say Mr Qasab confessed before a magistrate to the attacks after his arrest , but he retracted that confession at an early hearing .
His lawyers said then that it had been coerced .
Wept in court Mohammad Ajmal Amir Qasab , 21 , was arrested on the first day of the attacks and has been in Indian custody ever since .
MAIN QASAB CHARGES
Waging war on India Murder Conspiracy to murder Destabilising the government Kidnap Robbery Smuggling and possessing illegal arms and explosives
Profile : Mumbai suspect Tears and smirks in the dock
In his initial appearances before the court , Mr Qasab appeared relaxed and smiled and grinned .
But more recently , he broke down and wept in court as a witness recounted the violent events which took place over three days in late November .
The attacks led to a worsening of relationship between India and Pakistan .
India accused Pakistan - based fighters from the banned militant group Lashkar - e - Taiba of carrying out the attacks .
In the immediate aftermath of the killings , Pakistan denied any responsibility , but later admitted the attacks had been partly planned on its soil .
Islamabad also eventually admitted that Mr Qasab was a Pakistani citizen .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The following is the text of report [ PDF ] released by Reporters Without Borders .
It looks at 13 cases of journalists and bloggers who have been killed , physically attacked , jailed , threatened or censored for reporting on the environment , and highlights the need for a free press to tackle ecological challenges .
Guinean journalist Lai Baldé has been threatened .
Egyptian blogger Tamer Mabrouk has been sued .
Russian journalist Grigory Pasko has just spent four years in prison .
His Uzbek colleague , Solidzhon Abdurakhmanov , has just been given a 10 - year jail sentence .
Mikhail Beketov , another Russian journalist , has lost a leg and several fingers as a result of an assault .
Bulgarian reporter Maria Nikolaeva was threatened with having acid thrown in her face .
Filipino journalist Joey Estriber has been missing since 2006 …
What do these journalists and many others have in common ?
They are or were covering environmental issues in countries where it is dangerous to do so .
In many countries , journalists who specialize in covering environmental issues are on the front line of a new war .
Their work poses a threat to many companies , organized crime groups and even governments that profit from misuse of the environment .
These journalists are regarded as undesired witnesses and sometimes as enemies to be physically eliminated .
To support these journalists , the guardians of our planet , Reporters Without Borders is publishing a new photography book – “ Nature : 100 photos for press freedom . ”
It offers some of the finest work ever produced by Minden Pictures , an agency renowned for the extraordinary quality of its photos of nature and wildlife .
Many people who defend the environment have contributed to this book , including French ecologist Nicolas Hulot , who wrote the preface , and British primatologist Jane Goodall , a UN Messenger of Peace , who gave a long interview .
Reporters Without Borders has been publishing three books of photographs a year since 1992 as an independent source of funding for its activities in defense of journalists and press freedom throughout the world .
Buy the book
There is a lot at stake in the environment .
The first step in protecting nature is to carry out a detailed survey of the state of the resources and the way they are used .
On the basis of this analysis – in which the press plays a significant role – political decision - makers can then establish rules and norms for economic actors and the public .
The gathering of information alone is threatening for many companies , organized crime groups , governments and the various kinds of intermediaries that profit from misuse of the environment .
Environmental concerns complicate their plans .
As a result , investigative journalists and environmental activists are seen as an unwanted menace and even as enemies to be physically eliminated .
In many countries – especially , but not only , those that are not democracies – journalists who specialize in the environment are on the front line of a new war .
The violence to which they are subjected concerns us all .
It reflects the new issues that have assumed an enormous political and geostrategic importance .
The conflicts between journalists and polluters are too many and too varied to be listed .
Sometimes a crisis can be sparked by no more than a journalist ’s arrival at a sensitive location where his presence is not wanted .
In southern China , for example , foreign journalists have been chased out of villages where most of the world ’s discarded computers are stripped apart in an environmentally disastrous manner .
In other cases , it is the publication of a detailed press report , with names and facts , that sparks an act of physical aggression or coercion .
This is what happened to Mikhail Beketov , who was beaten nearly to death by local government thugs who did not like his coverage of a plan to build a motorway through a Russian forest .
The assailants are not always who you might expect .
In most cases , the violence is the work of thugs in the pay of criminal entrepreneurs or corrupt politicians .
But in some countries , as Reporters Without Borders has found , the local population paradoxically often supports those responsible for deforestation or polluting factories although it is the most direct victim .
The reason is nonetheless obvious .
Those who get rich by despoiling resources are able , in the process , to provide work to those in most need .
As a result , combating deforestation and pollution is often difficult and thankless work .
The fight is all the more unequal for usually being waged in countries where all the machinery of state seems to be an accomplice to the crimes and where the judicial apparatus , when it exists , does not play its role .
Most cases linked to the environment never reach a conclusion in the courts .
You can even say that most journalists are on their own when it comes to defending themselves .
Hence the importance of making this struggle known and mobilizing public opinion in its support .
Depletion of natural resources – a sensitive issue everywhere
Natural resources are not inexhaustible .
What is true underground is also true on the surface .
The forest can regrow , but the forests that man is replanting today will never be as biologically rich as the primary forests that are hundreds of thousands of years old .
Hence the importance of conserving them .
That is what Lúcio Flávio Pinto , the founder and editor of Jornal Pessoal , a Brazilian bimonthly based in Belém , in the northern state of Pará , tried to do .
He published a series of reports about deforestation in the Amazon .
As a result , 33 lawsuits were brought against him .
Lai Baldé , radio Bombolom - FM ’s correspondent in Bissora , in northern Guinea - Bissau , took up the same cause .
The day after the station broadcast a long report by him on illegal logging , he got an anonymous call offering advice : “ Hey , brother !
Why are you making such a big deal about this ?
We know that these people are doing something bad .
But we have no choice .
Do n’t talk about this again .
Be nice . ”
In Burma , the question is dealt with in a more radical fashion .
The military government ’s censorship board has suppressed all references to illegal logging , making things easier for the Chinese companies that are logging on a large scale .
Cambodia has lost half of its primary forest in the past 15 years although millions of dollars in foreign aid have been spent on protecting the Cardamom Mountains .
Three journalists received death threats when they tried to follow up reports on deforestation by the NGO Global Witness that implicated associates of Prime Minister Hun Sen in large - scale illegal logging .
Hun Sen ’s brother Hun Neng said that , if any Global Witness representatives came to Cambodia , he would “ hit them until their heads are broken . ”
Radio Free Asia , one of the few media to cover this story in detail , was threatened by a man who went to the station ’s bureau in Phnom Penh .
And one of its reporters , Lem Piseth , had this conversation with an anonymous caller : “ Is that you , Lem Piseth ? ” “ Yes .
Who are you ? ”
“ You are insolent , do you want to die ? ” “ Why are you insulting me like this ? ”
“ Because of the business of the forest and you should know that there will not be enough land to bury you ” .
Piseth fled across the border into Thailand .
This kind of threat has to be taken seriously .
Filipino journalist Joey Estriber , a radio host in Aurora province ( northeast of Manila ) , has been missing since March 2006 .
He was kidnapped by four men and never seen again .
In his program “ Pag- usapan Natin ” ( Let ’s talk about that ) on a local radio , he often criticized the intensive logging in Aurora by companies with allies inside the government and he had participated in a campaign to have the permits of nine of these companies withdrawn .
The Indonesian island of Sumatra is being deforested as fast as almost anywhere in the world .
One of the logging companies responsible , PT Lontar Papirup Pulp and Papers , is a subsidiary of Asia Pulp & Paper , itself a subsidiary of the powerful Indonesian conglomerate Sinar Mas .
So it is not easy for journalists to draw attention to this ecological disaster .
Cyril Payen , the Southeast Asia correspondent of several French media , investigated illegal logging by PT Lontar Papirup Pulp and Papers , but he and his crew were arrested by company security guards on 10 July 2009 as they were filming trucks being loaded with timber .
The company ’s head of security tried to seize their video cassettes before handing them over to the local police , who continued to hold them until they were freed as a result of protests from the local media .
Many international corporations do business with Sinar Mas without a thought for Sumatra ’s deforestation .
Referring to Sinar Mas , Payen told Reporters Without Borders : “ They buy journalists or threaten them with lawsuits .
Although the Indonesian media are free , they do not do enough reporting on the rampant deforestation that is taking place . ”
The Aral Sea ’s destruction is another example of authorities trying to cover up the catastrophic waste of natural resources .
Solidzhon Abdurakhmanov , an Uzbek journalist who had written extensively about the Aral Sea ecological disaster , was arrested in Karakalpakstan , a western autonomous region of Uzbekistan , on a drug trafficking charge in June 2008 and was summarily sentenced to 10 years in prison .
The verdict was quickly upheld by the local supreme court on 19 November 2008 despite procedural irregularities and enormous gaps in the prosecution case .
The video the police made of the operation that led to Abdurakhmanov ’s arrest strangely did not show the moment the drugs were allegedly found .
The police also failed to say where he was supposedly obtaining the drugs or to whom he was supposedly selling them .
What we do know about Abdurakhmanov is that he wrote for many independent news websites , including Uznews , which called him “ the last independent voice in Karakalpakstan , ” and that he specialised in covering the impact of the Aral Sea ’s disappearance on the local population ’s livelihoods and health .
Everything indicates that his arrest was deliberately planned in order to punish him for his reporting .
Back in Brazil , Vilmar Berna , the editor of the Niterói - based environmentalist daily Jornal do Meio Ambiente , which exposes clandestine overfishing and threats to protected marine life in Rio de Janeiro Bay , is a constant target of threats and intimidation attempts .
A bloody , half - burnt body was dumped outside his home in May 2006 .
As if the meaning of that “ message ” was not sufficiently clear , an anonymous woman caller then warned him he could be killed soon .
He filed a complaint with the Niterói police and hired two bodyguards .
But he could not afford to keep paying them and he no longer has protection .
Fabrício Ribeiro Pimenta had to flee his home town in the neighboring state of Espirito Santo after being assaulted on 30 July 2009 , apparently at the behest of the owner of an illegal marble factory that he had repeatedly denounced in his reporting as source of toxic dust in a residential district .
There is no shortage of examples .
In 2008 in the Republic of the Congo , residents of the village of Mbodji ( 60 km from Pointe - Noire ) complained about the build - up of drilling waste at a nearby oilfield where the Italian company Eni Congo is drilling .
After going there and doing a report , Télé Pour Tous ( TPT ) immediately found itself being pressured and threatened by the local authorities .
But this time , the local population demonstrated in support of the journalists and samples of the drilling waste were finally taken for laboratory analysis .
They are still waiting for the results .
In Egypt , Trust Chemical Industries has for years been dumping unrecycled water into Lake Manzalah and the Suez Canal , near Port Said , while the government , out of fear or as a result of corruption , refused to intervene .
Tamer Mabrouk , an ordinary blogger , investigated the issue and then took the risk of posting the results of his enquiries online .
He was sued for libel in June 2008 .
“ I brought a lawsuit against the company myself , requesting its closure as a source of pollution , ” Mabrouk said .
“ The court ruled that it was not competent to hear the case .
At the same time , Trust Chemical Industries asked me to withdraw my suit in return for a sum of money .
When I refused outright , they demanded that I issue a retraction . ”
A Port Said court fined Mabrouk 6,000 euros on 26 May 2009 – a fairly dissuasive message for someone who takes more than a year to earn that kind of money .
He was then fired from his job .
In Côte d’Ivoire , people no longer seen to remember that large amounts of toxic waste from the Probo Koala , a tanker chartered by the Dutch company Trafigura , were dumped in and around Abidjan in September 2006 .
Gases emitted by the waste reportedly killed 10 people and injured 7,000 .
It was a big story for a while but now there is nothing in the newspapers .
Concern about the environment seems to have evaporated .
The Yopougon industrialists who pump chemical products into Abidjan ’s lagoon are suspected of keeping the subject off - limits by slipping “ envelopes ” into some journalists ’ pockets .
In China , Wu Lihong was sentenced to three years in prison in 2007 for alerting the Chinese and international media to the pollution of Lake Taihu , the third largest in China .
In Internet posts , he blamed the uncontrolled dumping of industrial waste for the lake ’s asphyxiation .
Another example , China ’s Propaganda Department , which is in charge of censorship , waiting 10 days in 2005 before allowing the media to report that the Songhua River had been contaminated with benzene , thereby endangering the lives of millions of people living on its banks .
Critics of nuclear power are also liable to be punished in China if they try to take their case to the media .
Gansu province anti-nuclear campaigner Sun Xiaodi and his daughter were arrested in June 2009 on charges of “ divulging state secrets abroad ” and “ spreading rumours ” for disseminating information about radioactive contamination at uranium mine No. 792 .
Sun was sentenced the following month to two years of reeducation through work .
His daughter was also sent to a camp .
In information posted online and provided to the foreign media , they had also accused officials in the Gansu district of Diebu of exaggerating the impact of the May 2008 earthquake in their district in order to obtain more state aid .
A former worker in mine No. 792 , Sun has been campaigning tirelessly about the dangers of radioactive contamination for the past 20 years Peru is another glaring example .
The Andean town of La Oroya is the fifth most contaminated place in the world because of a smelting complex operated by Doe Run Peru .
Its 35,000 inhabitants are permanently exposed to heavy metals and gases .
But you will not hear anyone talk about this scandal because the company has developed an effective method of surveillance using a network of “ health workers ” who patrol the town .
Anyone talking to independent journalists risks losing their job and social benefits .
The impoverished inhabitants are very hostile towards the press , which is seen as posing a threat to their only source of work .
Doe Run Peru ’s employees rejected an ecological rescue plan in order to be sure of keeping their jobs .
Even more emblematic is the case of Grigory Pasko , a former reporter for the Russian navy ’s in - house newspaper Boevaya Vakhta who went on to write for the ecology magazine Ekologiya i Pravo about the neglect of the navy ’s nuclear submarines and the resulting pollution .
While still working for Boevaya Vakhta , Pasko had filmed footage of the Russian fleet dumping radioactive waste in the Sea of Japan .
It was eventually aired by the Japanese TV station NHM , causing an international outcry .
After spending 20 months in prison from 1997 to 1999 , he was tried and sentenced to four years in prison in 2001 on charges of spying and high treason .
He was accused of illegally attending a meeting of the navy high command in order to gain access to classified information and pass it to Japanese news media .
He appealed against his conviction before the Russian supreme court and then took his case to the European Court of Human Rights .
In 2002 , he was awarded the Reporters Without Borders - Fondation de France prize for his fight against censorship .
Even defending protected natural areas is risky
The Sofia - based weekly Politika ran a story by Maria Nikolaeva on 9 February 2007 about an illegal real estate development project in the Strandzha national park , Bulgaria ’s largest nature reserve .
The same day , two men went to Nikolaeva ’s office and told her : “ You know full well you should n’t write things like this .
And you know what happens to curious journalists , they get acid thrown at them . ”
A journalist based in Khimki , a satellite town outside Moscow , Mikhail Beketov has criticised the local authorities for years and has established a reputation as a defender of Khimki Forest , which is threatened by the construction of a motorway between Moscow and St. Petersburg .
His car was set on fire in May 2007 .
Local prosecutors brought a criminal libel case against him in February 2008 .
At the start of November 2008 , he had been drafting a letter to the Russian authorities to accompany a petition signed by Khimki residents opposing the motorway , but he never posted it .
He was beaten and left for dead outside his home on 13 November 2008 .
He survived , but only after spending days in a coma and having a leg and several fingers amputated .
One of Beketov ’s lawyers , Stanislas Markelov , was murdered in the centre of Moscow on 19 January of this year .
The Moscow - based daily Novaya Gazeta published Beketov ’s letter on 18 February .
But the inhabitants of Khimki never saw the issue .
Someone bought up all the copies that were meant to be distributed there .
Khimki mayor Victor Strelchenko , the originator of a real estate project that Beketov had opposed , was reelected in March .
In Sri Lanka , Tamil journalists have been prevented from investigating the impact of the military presence on the Jaffna Peninsula ’s natural areas and in some cases have been threatened for trying to do so .
An environmentalist writer called Ayngaranesan said : “ Since 2006 , I have been seeking information about the deforestation in certain military controlled areas .
The military have totally disrupted the ecosystem for security reasons .
I recently wanted to write an article about the environmental impact of the refugee camps set up by the government but the editor said the subject was too sensitive . ”
Finally , in Namibia , where very attractive nature reserves are available to tourists , some things are not meant to be seen .
Jim Wilckens , a British investigative journalist working for the Eco - Storm news agency , and his South African cameraman , Bart Smithers , were arrested on 16 July 2009 while filming the culling of baby seals on the coast .
They were eventually released after being fined 5,000 Namibian dollars ( 443 euros ) each on charges of violating the maritime resources law by entering a restricted area without permission .
A long - term struggle French photographer , filmmaker and ecologist Yann Arthus - Bertrand and a 10 - member crew were doing a report for the program “ Seen from the sky ” about the controversial construction of a dam at Yacyreta , near Posadas ( the capital of the Argentine province of Misiones ) when they were arrested at Puerto Iguazú airport on 20 February 2008 .
The suspicions of the Argentine police had been aroused by their meeting with inhabitants of the village of El Brete who opposed the dam .
The helicopter they had chartered was forbidden to take off and they ended up being held for five days before finally being released on bail .
Journalists everywhere take risks into order to make others more aware .
They must keep going , despite all the various kinds of harassment to which they are exposed .
This aim of this report is to denounce the indifference of authorities and governments that too readily neglect the protection of journalists who are defending the right of their fellow citizens to be informed about attacks on the environment .
Buy the book
Robert Friel 's Highly Commended image from this year 's Wildlife Photographer of the Year competition .
The king penguin chick was caught examining footprints in the sand on the sub-Antarctic island of South Georgia .
WPY is run by the Natural History Museum and BBC Wildlife Magazine .
I believe in god and I also believe god gave us the ability to think logically for a reason .
Here is a few undeniable facts .
1 . The doctor could have been wrong .
2 . It is true that the various types of stress do influence your body chemistry .
Which could account your ability to have a child change .
3 . For males : Generally your fertility must be below normal three times in a row on separate tests done at different times .
If have not been tested at least 3 times then you may actually not have a fertility issue .
( Yes , I know this for a fact through many specialist as I have been tested .
my wife has P.C.O.S. )
4 . About 50 % of women have cheated on their partner at some point during marriage ( Atwood & Schwartz , 2002 - Journal of Couple & Relationship Therapy )
5 . Of women who have cheated 73 % of them were considered very religious .
Hypothesized reason for this is people who are most restrained tend to be those whom need an outlet ( Atwood & Schwartz , 2002 - Journal of Couple & Relationship Therapy )
6 . Of those women who have cheated less than 44 % of the husbands knew that their wife cheated .
( Atwood & Schwartz , 2002 - Journal of Couple & Relationship Therapy )
7 . As Ralph mentioned , it is much to the benefit of the child that the biological father be known not only for family research , but for medical reasons such as possible donors of blood and organs and genetic research to help heel you or your biological child from possible genetic illness .
8 . If accepting you do have a fertility issue the chances of you having a biological child are most likely less then winning the lottery .
9 . If through DNA test you find it is your child it is still not a miracle it is IMPROBABLE not impossible .
Impossible would indicate a miracle .
Even men who are intentionally sterile still have a very small chance of becoming a father .
( look it up )
10 .
Just because you have faith in the lord does not mean you have to ignore that the probability that the child is most likely not yours .
11 . Just because the child 's not biological yours does not mean you can not be the father .
Father is title that is earned through caring for a child not from genetics .
12 . Once you are written in on the birth certificate the child is legally yours .
even if you later find it is not biologically yours .
If your wife is / was cheating and later left you for another maybe the person who is the child 's biological father you would still be paying until the child is out of college .
If you are looking for an excuse to ask for a DNA test just say it is to prove everyone wrong and to avoid your child being call a bastard .
( no insult intended sorry )
As a personal note please refrain from referring to the child as a miracle not only because only what is mentioned in number 9 but doing so insults what are to be considered true miracles .
Rep. Barney Frank is interested in capping his political career as a member of the president ’s Cabinet , according to a new biography of the Financial Services Committee chairman .
Frank ( D - Mass. ) told author Stuart Weisberg that he would like to be Housing and Urban Development secretary .
However , the 69 - year - old lawmaker stresses that his departure from Congress is not imminent .
ADVERTISEMENT
He first wants to pass more legislation on affordable housing , saying , “ I want at least two years with President Obama and a solidly Democratic Senate so that we can get the federal government back in the housing business .
” No president has ever appointed an openly gay man or woman to the Cabinet .
Weisberg , who used to work for Frank on Capitol Hill , spent five years on his authoritative book , titled " Barney Frank , The Story of America ’s Only Left - handed , Gay , Jewish Congressman " .
He interviewed over 150 people , including compiling 30 hours of interviews with Frank .
Frank talks about how he struggled as a gay man growing up in blue - collar Bayonne , N.J .
He dated women throughout high school and college , but knew he was gay at 13 .
Still , he delayed revealing his sexuality until he had established a foothold in the House .
In the 501 - page tome — to be released later this month —
Frank is described by people who know him well as a masterful legislator , an impatient boss , and “ socially handicapped . ” Frank has been the subject of many profiles , but Weisberg provides news that political junkies crave .
In his first race for the House , Frank almost went head to head with now - Sen . ( D - Mass . ) in the 1980 primary .
After a meeting with Frank , Kerry opted not to run .
Ten years later , Republicans tried to persuade Bill O’Reilly to run against Frank .
O’Reilly also passed on the seat , but the Fox News commentator would clash with Frank 18 years later in a 2008 interview that has been viewed more than 2 million times on YouTube .
There are other rich details in Weisberg ’s book , including Frank ’s political battles with then - Massachusetts Gov. Michael Dukakis ( D ) and Clarence Thomas , when the Supreme Court justice served as director of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission .
Weisberg also states that Frank was friends with the late Rep. Sonny Bono ( R - Calif . ) and admires Rep. Dan Lungren ( R - Calif . ) .
One of the most riveting parts of the book is Frank ’s recollection of his ethics scandal , when he paid a male prostitute for sex .
Various media outlets called for Frank to resign , but he persevered by admitting his mistakes and asking the ethics committee to investigate him in 1989 .
Many Republicans , including then - Rep. Larry Craig ( Idaho ) , called for serious sanctions against Frank , who was ultimately reprimanded by the House , 408 - 18 .
( California Democratic Reps. Nancy Pelosi and Henry Waxman both voted against the measure . )
The following year , a Republican challenger to Frank ’s seat — described as “ not the smartest person in the district ” — called on Frank to take an AIDS test and reveal the results publicly .
Frank replied that he would do so if his GOP challenger would take an IQ test and release it to the public .
Throughout his life , Frank has battled bouts with depression and his voracious appetite .
When Frank was advised by a political operative to improve his appearance , Frank responded that “ when you are 5 feet 10 inches and you have a 46 waist and your thighs rub together , your clothes have a way of not looking good .
” At other points in his life , he was able to lose weight — a lot of it .
He once lost 100 pounds in eight months .
Knowing that avoiding obesity would be a lifelong struggle , Frank said , “ The day I die , I will either be fat or hungry .
” Sometimes to his detriment , Frank was not shy in criticizing Democrats publicly , most notably Presidentduring the “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” debate .
He also irritated Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D - Mass . ) by suggesting Kennedy had no chance of becoming president after his 1980 bid fell short .
The personal details about Frank show a side of the Financial Services panel chairman that Washington insiders have not seen .
He pumped gas as a teenager at his father ’s truck stop in New Jersey , formally changed his name from “ Barnett ” to Barney and was an avid baseball and tennis player .
Weisberg writes that only Frank ’s mother Elsie , and his sister , Democratic strategist Ann Lewis , consistently won arguments against him .
Elsie Frank died in 2005 .
There are many amusing quotes from the quick - witted Frank .
After then - Majority Leader Dick Armey ( R - Texas ) called Frank “ Barney Fag ” and then attributed the remark to a slip of the tongue , Frank said , “ There are many ways to mispronounce my name .
That one is the least common . ” Amid the GOP - led Congress ’s actions to intervene in the Terri Schiavo case , Frank challenged Republicans who offered their medical analysis during the debate : “ The caption tonight ought to be : ‘ We ’re not doctors — we just play them on C - SPAN . ’
” Frank acknowledges missteps in crafting the 2008 financial bailout bill , saying the measure gave the Treasury secretary too much discretion in how to use the funds .
But he asserts that passing the legislation was a necessity .
Weisberg writes that “ the best of times is now ” for Frank , noting the 15 - term member is “ at the top of his game as a lawmaker and as a deal - maker …
He feels comfortable with who he is and he is no longer emotionally isolated .
“ I am what I am , " Frank said , adding , " sort of like Popeye . ”
This article was updated at 10:23 p.m .
India 's meteorological department declared the country 's four - month monsoon season had ended , leaving behind what it said was the country 's worst drought in decades , with rains 23 % below normal .
The drought could threaten India 's otherwise robust economic growth .
About half of India 's 1.2 billion people depend on agriculture for their livelihood .
Many ...
With dozens of local TV stations and millions of dollars at stake , Canada 's broadcasters can't be blamed for trying some unusual tactics in their battle with cable and satellite companies .
The broadcasters , suffering from a decline in advertising revenue like much of the traditional media , released a new set of TV ads Thursday under the slogan " Local TV Matters . "
One is clearly an attempt at " viral " marketing .
It features Canadian singer - songwriter Dave Carroll , who was himself made famous in a viral video in which he sang about United Airlines luggage staff damaging his guitar .
At issue is the fact that cable and satellite companies do not compensate broadcasters for the right to carry their local programming .
The Canadian Radio- television and Telecommunications Commission has twice supported that situation , to the chagrin of the broadcasters .
Carroll 's anti-cable ballad is shot in a farmer 's field , and features verses like , " Seems they do n't think it 's worth a dime , for stories that are yours and mine .
So come on now CRTC , it 's showtime . "
The CBC , CTV , Global and A Channel are trying to win the ability to negotiate with cable companies and fix what broadcasters call a " broken " business model that is forcing the closure of local TV stations .
The ads are an attempt to win consumer support in the run-up to CRTC hearings on the issue set to begin in November .
One features a reporter speaking to what seems to be an actor , who grows irate as the interviewer goads him along with questions suggesting cable companies do n't care about local TV .
The cable and satellite companies are also trying to win consumers to their side , taking out full - page newspaper ads calling any fee for local programming a " tax . "
A website – www.stopthetvtax.ca – features a video playing ominous piano music , accompanied by the repeated stamping of the blotted ink words : " TV TAX . "
Phil Lind , vice - chairman of Rogers Communications Inc. , said the broadcasters are simply seeking more profit at the expense of consumers and that cable consumers already pay a fee in their bills for local programming .
" It 's a continuation of a campaign that 's gone on for many , many years , " he said .
" They just say , ` Is n't local TV fine ? '
And everyone says , ` Yeah , we support local TV . '
But when it 's pointed out that it 's suggested that they pay 50 cents or more per channel , per month , then the public says ` No thanks . ' "
At a news conference to announce the ads , CBC's Bill Chambers stressed that , " Our position is that the consumer should n't pay any more . "
Peggy Hebden , an A Channel station manager in Barrie , Ont. , also spoke of the challenges of small stations in an era when advertising revenue is drying up .
" It 's red ink , " she said .
" That 's our reality . "
The conference opened with a video of the final broadcast from CKX , a local TV station in Brandon , Man. , which closed Oct.
2 . " After more than 50 years and thousands of your stories , we have holes in the ceiling and tape holding together our microphones , " a reporter says .
" But as the doors close at CKX , this is our station and yours . "
Powerful Senate leaders on Thursday bowed to FBI concerns that adding privacy protections to an expiring provision of the Patriot Act could jeopardize " ongoing " terror investigations .
The Patriot Act was adopted six weeks after the 2001 terror attacks , and greatly expanded the government 's power to intrude into the private lives of Americans in the course of anti-terror and criminal investigations .
Three provisions are expiring at year 's end .
During a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing , Sen. Patrick Leahy , the committee chairman , and Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - California ) introduced last - minute changes ( . pdf ) that would strip away some of the privacy protections Leahy had espoused just the week before .
The Vermont Democrat said his own , original proposal of last week could jeopardize ongoing terror investigations .
" All of us are mindful that threats against American safety are real and continuing , " Leahy said at the hearing .
" I 'm trying to introduce balances on both sides . "
He was discussing one of the most controversial provisions of the Patriot Act – Section 215 .
That allows a secret court – known as the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Court or FISA court – to authorize broad warrants for most any type of records , including those held by banks , libraries and doctors .
The Leahy - Feinstein amendment , which is likely to be adopted by the committee and sent to the full Senate next week , does not require the government show a connection between the items sought under a Section 215 warrant and a suspected terrorist or spy .
Just last week , however , Leahy touted an amendment that required a connection to terrorism .
Under the Leahy - Feinstein amendment , the standard would allow secret - court warrants to be issued if the information sought pertains to an " authorized investigation . "
That 's roughly the same language already in the Patriot Act .
Feinstein , also chairwoman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence which often is briefed on key classified activities , said the last - minute change was needed to keep America safe .
" The biggest investigation since 9/11 is ongoing , " Feinstein said .
" My concern was that nothing we do here interfere with an investigation that is going on . "
Two weeks ago , the authorities said they cracked an al - Qaida cell that was planning a terror attack in the United States .
At least three were arrested , including an airport shuttle driver who the authorities said had handwritten notes on how to build bombs .
Democratic senators Benjamin Cardin ( Maryland ) , Sheldon Whitehouse ( Rhode Island ) and Edward Kaufman ( Delaware ) , also had their names attached to Thursday 's Leahy - Feinstein amendment .
Sen . Russ Feingold ( D - Wisconsin ) was not so sure of the amendment , although the panel unanimously adopted it for consideration .
" We must not continue to kick this can down the road .
The rights and freedoms of Americans are at stake , " he said .
The government 's Section 215 power is riddled with " rampant misuse and abuse , " he said , but would not elaborate because the information was classified .
An amendment (.pdf ) by Sen. Richard Durbin ( D - Illinois ) to repeal the Leahy - Feinstein amendment was swiftly defeated on a 4 - 15 vote .
" [ Section ] 215 orders without any connection to a suspected terrorist or spy , this could lead obviously to a government fishing expedition , " Durbin argued .
Sen. Jeff Sessions ( R - Alabama ) countered that Durbin 's amendment is unworthy of consideration .
" I think it will impact the operation of what we are doing , " he said .
Feinstein added : " I think Senator Sessions is correct . "
She said the FBI does not support Durbin 's proposal .
" It would end several classified and critical investigations , " she said .
A saving grace to the Leahy - Feinstein amendment is a provision that library records are subject to a higher standard , that they must be relevant to a terror investigation to be subject to a Section 215 warrant .
The government reported that as many as 220 warrants under Section 215 had been authorized since 2004 .
The government has also said there 's a classified government operation that relies on those orders .
While the bulk of Thursday 's hearing surrounded Section 215 , two other expiring provisions received scant attention .
One is the so - called " lone - wolf " measure that allows FISA court warrants for the electronic monitoring of a person even without showing that the suspect is an agent of a foreign power or a terrorist .
The government has said it has never invoked that provision , but said it wants to keep the authority to do so .
The other expiring measure is the so - called " roving wiretap " provision .
It allows the FBI to obtain wiretaps without identifying the target or what method of communication is to be tapped .
The FISA court grants about 22 such warrants annually .
" It has been suggested that roving wiretaps can be used against anyone .
The roving wiretap authority can only be used after a court order has been obtained with probable cause that the target is an agent of a foreign power , " Feinstein said .
" There are no known abuses of this authority . "
The Judiciary Committee is expected to vote on a final package next Thursday .
The Leahy - Feinstein plan also requires publication of audits , including how many times the government has used the Patriot Act ’s provisions , including the number of targets .
Much of the government ’s public reporting on the topic has been voluntary , and very little is known about how often each power has been used and why .
Feingold , meanwhile , is likely to introduce two more amendments to the package before next week 's vote , he said .
One concerns limiting the government ’s power to issue so - called National Security Letters .
The letters allow the FBI , without a court order , to obtain telecommunication , financial and credit records relevant to a government investigation .
The FBI issues about 50,000 of them annually and an internal watchdog has repeatedly found abuses of the powers .
The new standard would authorize those records if the investigation concerned terrorism or spy activities .
A 2007 Inspector General Report showed thatthe FBI circumvented that law to acquire access to records that were n’t relevant to any authorized FBI investigation .
The other Feingold amendment focuses on withdrawal of telecom immunity legislation .
That legislation , signed by President George W. Bush and backed by then Sen. Barack Obama , killed federal lawsuits claiming the telcos illegally assisted the Bush administration in funneling Americans ’ electronic communications to the National Security Agency without warrants .
The American Civil Liberties Union said Leahy and Feinstein had offered a " watered - down " version .
" The bill , as it stands now , falls far short of including civil liberties protections shown to be necessary by the results of oversight and audits of the Patriot Act that have been made public to date , " said Michael Macleod - Ball , the acting director of the ACLU 's legislative office in Washington .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation brought the telco litigation .
Here is the take on Thursday 's developments by Kevin Bankston , an EFF privacy attorney .
Photo : AP
See Also :
Muhammad Ali was welcomed by hundreds of people in Ennis this afternoon where he visited the site of his Irish ancestral home and was named as the town ’s first Honorary Freeman .
As many as 10,000 people gathered in Ennis Co Clare today to witness the historic conferring of boxing legend Muhammad Ali become the first person ever to be conferred with the title of Honorary Freeman of Ennis .
Spectators and news crews began arrived in the town early in the morning to secure the best possible location to see the conferring ceremony broadcast on a big screen .
Among the invited guests at the ceremony were three representatives of three families believed to be directly descended from Ali ’s great - grandfather Abe Grady and who are believed to be fourth cousins of Ali .
Imelda O’Grady , Mary Grady Gormley and Mary O’Donovan , who can all claim to be related to Ali , sat proudly in the audience and were each overcome when he stepped on to the stage at 3.05 pm .
‘ Ali the Ennisman ’ was introduced on stage by Dr Pearse Lyons , President and Founder of Alltech , the company which organised the visit .
The boxing legend was accompanied on stage by his wife Lonnie and as he sat before the audience , Lonnie remained standing in awe , and clearly moved by the apparently interminable standing ovation which greeted them .
Wearing a grey shirt and black trousers Muhammad smiled several times during the ceremony and despite his frailty he was also obviously struck by the occasion .
He fiddled with the strap of his watch and rubbed his eyes as Ennis Mayor Frankie Neylon outlined the legend ’s links with Ennis and his many great achievements .
Ennis Town Clerk Edmund Power read the formal declaration , in both English and Irish , conferring on Ali the “ dignity of Honorary Freeman of the Town of Ennis . ”
A scroll on a calligraphy parchment with Celtic lettering was wrapped in a red ribbon and fitted in a piece of bog oak sculpture titled ‘ Heart of Oak ’ .
“ Oak in the old thesaurus means determined , strong and stalwart , ” Mr Power said .
A trumpet and drum fanfare from members of Ennis Brass Band was played after the formal conferring .
Ali also insisted on opening the red ribbon on the scroll and viewing the document himself .
His wife Lonnie thanked Ennis Town Council and Mayor Frankie Neylon and on behalf of her husband and family and declared , “ Now that we know that Muhammad is an Ennisman , we will be back ” .
Mayor Neylon and Dr Pearse Lyons , together unveiled a granite plaque which was quickly whisked away to the Turnpike where it was affixed to a specially commissioned sculpture in honour of Ali ’s visit .
The piece comprises a limestone body with granite plaque and depicts two gloved hands holding the world aloft .
A group of singers from the University of Kentucky performed some songs which it is believed Ali ’s great - grandfather Abe Grady probably learned and sang after emigrating to Kentucky from Ennis in the 1860s .
Lonnie
Ali took the microphone unexpectedly and asked the audience whether any “ kin of Muhammad ’s ” were in the room .
Lonnie invited Imelda O’Grady , Mary Grady Gormley and Mary O’Donovan , all of whom are believed to be third or fourth cousins of Ali ’s , to meet him personally .
Each made a little presentation to their long lost cousin and Ali could be seen thumbing through a photo album which he had received from Mary Grady Gormley , whose father Christopher once met Ali in Shannon Airport .
Archaeologists in Rome have unearthed what they think are the remains of a circular rotating dining room that belonged to the Emperor Nero .
They say it was probably his banqueting hall that imitated the earth 's movement so he could impress his guests .
Duncan Kennedy reports from Rome .
Every Ontario man , woman and child owes an additional $ 1,891 thanks to a record provincial deficit of $ 24.7 billion , greater even than the impact of Ottawa 's massive shortfall on each Canadian .
Finance Minister Dwight Duncan delivered the revised deficit projection for this fiscal year in the fall economic statement Thursday , saying Ontarians must wait until the March budget to learn what sacrifices will have to be made as the Liberals cobble together a restraint plan to eliminate the record shortfall .
Duncan admitted he and Premier Dalton McGuinty have no idea yet how the government will tackle the problem .
" We have n't even begun to look at the choices we 'll make , " the finance minister told reporters following his address to the Legislature .
" Why rush ? " added a senior finance official afterward , explaining the government is leery about slashing spending too soon and taking support out of the recovering economy at a delicate time .
The province 's per capita deficit is higher than the $ 1,661 burden that Ottawa's $ 56 billion shortfall places on every Canadian resident .
The outlook for 2010 - 11 – with a projected deficit of $ 21.1 billion – and an anticipated $ 19.4 billion shortfall in 2011 - 12 foreshadow dark days ahead .
The $ 24.7 billion deficit for 2009 - 10 on a $ 113.7 billion spending plan is greater than the $ 18.5 billion Duncan announced in June , itself an increase from the $ 14.1 billion shortfall in the March budget due to the $ 4 billion auto bailout for General Motors Canada and Chrysler Canada .
Beyond a promise to " be very careful about asset sales " such as selling off the LCBO – which he dismissed as " a one - time opportunity " – and a pledge to review all program spending , Duncan offered few specifics .
That uncertainty has left swirling the prospect of unpaid " Dalton Days " for public servants , similar to the notorious " Rae Days " that NDP premier Bob Rae forced on teachers , nurses and bureaucrats in 1993 .
It has also raised the spectre of the deep cuts brought in by Progressive Conservative premier Mike Harris after 1995 .
" This is not going to be a repeat of the late 1990s or the early 1990s , " insisted Duncan .
Wayne Samuelson , president of the Ontario Federation of Labour , said the Liberals ' fix is in part due to a revenue shortage from " giving away huge tax breaks " to Bay Street .
Samuelson said the harmonized sales tax that takes effect July 1 will further reward corporations while pinching consumers .
He said it would be " shocking " if the government tried to eliminate the deficit on the backs of unionized public servants .
The Canadian Federation of Independent Business , meanwhile , questioned the delay in taking action on spending until next spring 's budget .
" They do n't have the luxury of waiting .
The longer there 's delay in what the government 's going to do , the more it leaves a lot of uncertainty out there , " said the CFIB 's Satinder Chera , noting provincial finances are worsening daily .
" We 're disappointed there were n't any concrete measures .
Between now and March is a long time , " said Chera .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Until earlier this year , the province 's record deficit was $ 12.4 billion in the 1992 budget introduced by Rae 's finance minister , Floyd Laughren .
" Due to this global recession , our economy is now the same size as it was in 2005 .
Tax revenues are also now at 2005 levels , " Duncan told the House .
" Corporate tax revenues fell last year by an unprecedented 48.1 per cent – or over $ 6 billion .
At the same time the recession has driven up demand for government services . "
That accounts for the deficit being far worse than the $ 22 billion leading bank economists had predicted .
Despite the gloomy picture , Duncan said the Liberals would continue their focus on the big - ticket priorities of health care and education .
To that end , the government will announce its long - anticipated plans Tuesday for all - day junior and senior kindergarten for 4 - and 5 - year - olds .
" This initiative will further increase the competitive advantage already found in our highly skilled and educated workforce , " the finance minister said .
" Full - day learning for our 4 - and 5 - year - olds will also help parents take advantage of new job opportunities , " he said , conceding the government will be " phasing in " the program , which could take years .
" Making this investment will require difficult choices on our part , " said Duncan .
" And we will make them .
" Progressive Conservative Leader Tim Hudak scoffed at that notion .
" We 've heard phoney promises of spending restraint from Dalton McGuinty before , " said Hudak , who predicted higher taxes and fees – not belt - tightening – will be the Liberal way .
NDP Leader Andrea Horwath said " it 's anybody 's guess what the government is going to be doing . "
However , she said she fears cuts are looming .
In Thin Liberalism and the Folly of Burning Bridges , Timothy Lee makes ( at least implicitly ) several interrelated claims .
First , that libertarians tend to oppose net neutrality .
Second , that “ free software intellectuals like Richard Stallman and Eben Moglen ” are anti-IP .
Third , that this is compatible with libertarianism .
Fourth , that Moglen and Stallman , despite some unfortunate rhetorical excesses , hold views that are not really inimical to the free market .
Fifth , that some libertarians , who ( properly ? ) oppose net neutrality , wrongly accuse the anti-IP / free software types as being unlibertarian .
Finally , that the reason these libertarians get it wrong is that they have succumbed to thinness .
It seems to me that most of these claims are at least partly incorrect , or confused .
Let ’s take them one at a time .
Libertarians tend to oppose net neutrality .
( I ’m inferring this position from Lee ’s post . )
Libertarians seem to me to be confused about this area , but the principled ones I am familiar with of course oppose net neutrality .
I oppose it .
On the other hand , the various forms of state support received by the telecom and other Internet infrastructure corporations should of course be abolished , which might alleviate most of the concerns of ( left ? ) libertarians sympathetic to the aims of the net neutrality crowd .
But libertarian position is clearly to oppose any state interference with the market to impose “ net neutrality . ”
Service providers should be able to charge whatever they want , in whatever manner or tiers they wish , if the market supports it ; at the same time , any state favors , monopolies , protectionist regulations , etc. , should of course also be abolished .
Free software intellectuals like Richard Stallman and Eben Moglen are anti-IP .
( I ’m inferring this position from Lee ’s post . )
Not really .
The problem , from the libertarian perspective is not that Moglen and Stallman are anti-IP ; it ’s that they are not anti-IP enough .
If I am not mistaken , Moglen , for example , is not completely opposed to copyright and patent .
( See my Eben Moglen and Leftist Opposition to Intellectual Property . )
The ideas of open source / free software / anti-IP are compatible with libertarianism .
Yes , this is true , as I have argued extensively .
But this is a strange argument coming from Lee , who himself is not opposed to IP in any principled way ( and neither are the leftist free software types , as noted above ) .
For example , as I noted in $ 30 Billion Taxfunded Innovation Contracts : The “ Progressive - Libertarian ” Solution , Lee has written : “ I ca n’t agree with Baker that all copyright and patent monopolies are illegitimate .
Copyright and patent protections have existed since the beginning of the republic , and if properly calibrated they can ( as the founders put it ) promote the progress of science and the useful arts .
Like any government intervention in the economy , they need to be carefully constrained .
But if they are so limited , they can be a positive force in the American economy . ”
Unlike the views espoused by confused , quasi-economically illiterate leftists and utilitarian , minarchist libertarians , the proper , principled , libertarian position is that patent and copyright are completely and utterly unlibertarian and unjustified .
Moglen and Stallman , despite some unfortunate rhetorical excesses , hold views that are not really inimical to the free market .
I tend to agree with Lee that various comments about “ a bottom - up , participatory structure to society and culture , rather than a top - down , closed , proprietary structure ” and “ the democratizing power of digital technology and the Internet , ” etc. , are not anti-libertarian .
However , as noted in Eben Moglen and Leftist Opposition to Intellectual Property , Moglen holds clearly unlibertarian views , such as his view that free bandwidth is everyone ’s “ birthright ” ( as socialist Finland believes , too - it recently enacted legislation making broadband access a legal right ) ; and his opposition to regulating the EM spectrum as a property right ( and his confused view that it already is , despite the state ’s nationalization of the EM spectrum ) .
Some libertarians , who ( properly ? ) oppose net neutrality , wrongly accuse the anti-IP / free software types as being unlibertarian .
This appears to be correct .
Some libertarians are pro-IP and thus , mistakenly believing the free software socialists to be opposed to IP , confusingly criticize them on these grounds .
In this respect , the confusion on both sides is similar to confusion about IP held by leftists and traditional libertarians : both the left and traditional pro-IP libertarians accept the false assumption that intellectual property is a legitimate type of property right .
Libertarians who accept this premise thus favor IP , because they are pro-property ; and leftists oppose IP because they are hostile to private property rights and mistakenly believe IP is a type of private property right .
The reason these libertarians get it wrong is that they have succumbed to thinness .
So here we have Lee , who is pro-IP , criticizing libertarians for being pro-IP .
Leaving this bizarre critique aside , is Lee right that “ thinness ” is what makes some libertarians too pro-IP ?
Lee maintains that “ A libertarian whose conception of liberty is confined to limited government is going to be left rudderless when confronted with a pro-liberty movement whose concerns are orthogonal to the size of government . ”
I think this is just confused .
Thickness is actually problematic since it just muddies the waters , conflating issues pertaining to the permissibility of interpersonal violence with other interpersonal norms and institutions .
The thickness theorizers add nothing of substance to our understanding of libertarian principle ; instead , they pointlessly link the libertarian opposition to aggression to non-rigorous , malleable leftist gremlins like “ hierarchy ” and “ bossism ” and “ pushing people around . ”
I am , in some sense , a “ thin ” libertarian yet oppose IP root and branch , on principled , pro-property , pro-rights , pro-individualist , non-leftist grounds .
Thinness is not the cause of confusion about IP .
Rather , it is the lack of principle .
It is the lack of principle and the adoption of flawed , bankrupt utilitarian ideas which leads libertarians to try to be “ moderate ” , to support some IP , but not too much ; and to be minarchist –that is , statist–rather than anarchist .
Update :
Discussing Stallman admits GPL flawed , proprietary licensing needed to pay for MySQL development , I mentioned to some friends this post and others criticizing lefists who have an unprincipled , nonlibertarian , non-abolitionist , economically illiterate approach to IP .
I noted that GPL requires copyright to work , and mentioned these posts : Copyright is very sticky ! , Eben Moglen and Leftist Opposition to Intellectual Property , and Leftist Attacks on the Google Book Settlement .
A friend , David Christy , said the following about Stallman ( edited ; posted with permission ) :
The treatment of prisoners at Guantanamo Bay and Abu Ghraib by the US authorities has been “ hugely detrimental ” to the fight against terrorism , “ creating long - lasting grievances ” against the West , the official historian of MI5 said today .
Christopher Andrew , whose authorised book on the history of the Secret Service has just been published , said : “ There may be worse policies to have , but I ca n’t think of many . "
Use of torture , he added , was not only morally wrong , but created the danger of getting answers from suspects which were incorrect .
Allegations that MI5 agents had condoned the torture of Binyam Mohamed al - Habashi , a British resident , by foreign intelligence agencies , is the subject of an ongoing investigation by Scotland Yard .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Dr Andrew stressed that his trawl of thousands of classified documents did not reveal any instances of MI5 allowing torture by its operatives .
However , he pointed out that a former Director - General , Dame Eliza Manningham - Buller , has acknowledged that “ It is pretty well impractical always to check whether something has been derived from torture unless you have reason to suspect it at the beginning .
Literally thousands of pieces of intelligence are shared daily between the UK , our allies and people who might not be so reasonably be described as our allies . ”
In his book , The Defence Of The Realm , Dr Andrew stated that there had been scepticism within MI5 about George W Bush ’s call for a " War on Terror " .
An in - house review lampooned it as " The War on Terry ( WOT ) " .
And the then - chief , Sir Stephen Lander , had to reassure his staff that although a military response was being considered , “ You should be reassured that that political , humanitarian , intelligence and law enforcement responses are also high on the UK agenda . ”
Dr Andrew stated that MI5 had been slow in recognising the threat posed by Muslim extremists .
“ A wide - ranging study on ‘ The Origins of Terrorism ’ commissioned in 1994 still saw no serious threat from the transnational Islamist terrorism which was to preoccupy the Service in the first decade of the 21st Century . ”
In 1995 there were intelligence reports that Osama Bin Laden was involved in a suicide bombing plot in the UK .
However , the fundamentalist threat was still not being seen as a priority when Dr Andrew raised the issue during a meeting at Mi5 ’s headquarters in January 1998 .
Dr Andrew maintained that the failure to take early notice of the Islamist threat was due to " Historical Attention Span Deficit " - looking at short - term measures rather than an adequate study of history which would have shown its murderous emergence .
But the former MI5 chief Sir Stephen told The Independent yesterday : “ We did have a full time job in our hand at the time with the Provisional IRA .
If the evidence was there [ of the Islamist threat ] we would have acted on it . ”
The Government , too , had ignored the rising jihadist tide , but , in the aftermath of 9/11 Sir Stephen said he found ministers and civil servants “ were seeing suicide bombers around every corner …
We had to calm people down and focus on the job at hand . ”
On the issue of prisoner mistreatment , Sir Stephen said : “ When we sent officers to speak to prisoners at Guantanama Bay I said to the Home Secretary that we ’ll be accused of colluding in illegal detention .
This is what happened .
But it was still the right thing to do . ”
Michael 's Dispatches Precision Voting
Details Published : Monday , 31 August 2009 04:48
31 August 2009
Helmand Province , Afghanistan
The historical Afghan elections scheduled for 20 August were days away .
While the west mostly continued to vote for Afghanistan , the big question was , “ Will Afghanistan vote for itself ? ”
The latest media wave splashed into the main voting centers in places like Kabul , Kandahar , Jalalabad , Herat and Lashkar Gah .
The larger cities only account for perhaps 20 % of the Afghan population .
Whereas the easy and obvious stories are in the cities , a crucial and larger dimension — the other 80 % — would unfold in the boonies .
Most Afghans would have no chance to vote .
The election was to be run by Afghans .
In theory and in practice this would be a recipe for disaster .
The strategic thinkers cannot be faulted for this ; after nearly eight years of war , if the west were still running the elections , the elections and government would be a failure to begin with .
By comparison , the Iraqi elections on 30 January 2005 ( less than two years after invasion ) were run mostly by Iraqis .
In the voting of October and December of that same year , Iraqis had two more runs at the ballots , which were increasingly successful .
Afghanistan , however , is different .
This would be only the second election in history .
There are no good choices here .
Either we run the elections and the central government and in doing so undermine the same central government we are investing in , or we allow that central government to run the elections and probably watch it undermine itself .
But who knows ?
We need more troops .
The leadership tells us that the Taliban and associated groups control only small parts of the country .
Yet enemy influence is growing , and so far , despite that we have made progress on some fronts , our own influence is diminishing .
For example , an excellent British infantry unit that I embedded with in Iraq and now Afghanistan , the “ 2 Rifles , ” is staked out in the “ Green Zone ” around the Helmand River .
HQ for 2 Rifles is at FOB Jackson near the center of the map above .
There are several satellite FOBs and Patrol Bases , each of which is essentially cut off from the outside world other than by helicopter or major ground resupply efforts ( which only take place about once a month ) .
The latest ground resupply effort from Camp Bastion resulted in much fighting .
The troops up at Kajaki Dam are surrounded by the enemy , which has dug itself into actual “ FLETs . ” FLET is military - speak for “ Forward Line of Enemy Troops . ”
In other words , the enemy is not hiding , but they are in trenches , bunkers and fighting positions that extend into depth .
The enemy owns the terrain .
The British are protecting Kajaki Dam but otherwise it ’s just a big fight and no progress is being made .
The turbine delivery to the dam , which I wrote about last year , was a tremendous success .
Efforts to get the turbine online have been an equally tremendous failure .
Bottom line : the project to restore the electrical capacity from Kajaki Dam is failing and likely will require multi-national intervention to bring it online and to push back the enemy .
We need more helicopters .
Enemy control of the terrain is so complete in the area between Sangin and Kajaki that when my embed was to switch from FOB Jackson to FOB Inkerman — only seven kilometers ( about four miles ) away — we could not walk or drive from Jackson to Inkerman .
Routes are deemed too dangerous .
Helicopter lift was required .
The helicopter shortage is causing crippling delays in troop movements .
It ’s common to see a soldier waiting ten days for a simple flight .
When my embed was to move the four miles from Jackson to Inkerman , a scheduled helicopter picked me up at Jackson and flew probably eighty miles to places like Lashkar Gah , and finally set down at Camp Bastion .
The helicopter journey from Jackson began on 12 August and ended at Inkerman on the 17th .
About five days was spent — along with many thousands of dollars in helicopter time — to travel four miles .
Even Generals can have difficulty scheduling flights .
Interestingly , when I talk with the folks who reserve helicopter space , they say the Generals are generally easy - going about the lack of a seat , but that Colonels often become irate .
A helicopter finally was heading from Camp Bastion to FOB Inkerman , which is cut off from its own headquarters at FOB Jackson only four miles away .
The war and fighting can vary dramatically around Afghanistan .
In Sangin , the enemy uses mostly fertilizer bombs , which , along with normal leave schedules , has rapidly attrited the battalion to the point that replacements have been sent .
Conversely , four miles away at Inkerman , it ’s still mostly a gunfight , though the use of bombs is increasing .
Inkerman sits on the desert side of “ highway ” 611 that goes from Highway 1 ( the “ Ring Road ” ) to Kajaki .
The 611 marks the border between the deadly Green Zone and the desert .
The road is almost completely controlled by the enemy .
Only tiny patches of the 611 are under serious NATO / ISAF influence .
Some will take issue with this statement ; if they claim to be in control , they should readily accept the challenge to drive in an unarmored car in those areas they claim to control .
To help avoid being shot down , the helicopter approaches Inkerman from the desert side .
( In fact , two days later on the 19th , a similar helicopter was shot down near here . )
The Afghan road system is the human equivalent of ant trails .
After thousands of years of living here , the Afghans have not cracked the code on road building .
Many people will say that geography has been cruel to the Afghans , and that the mountainous , landlocked terrain is the problem .
Yet this does not explain away the success of landlocked , mountainous countries such as Austria and Switzerland , nor does access to the sea guarantee anything more than saltwater .
The meek have inherited this plot of earth because the strong do n’t want it enough to take it .
Where liquid water can be found , so too can Afghans .
Some people point back to the “ good - old days ” in Afghanistan , when hippies could smoke hash and swim naked in the streams .
The good old days in Afghanistan did not leave much evidence of progress in the form of roads , architecture or written history .
The stories of foreign invaders do not explain away the great walls built around nearly every home and every mind .
The problem is not the terrain .
The problem is not that Americans and others supported the Mujahadin when they fought the Soviets .
The problem is not the artificial boundaries penciled in by the British all over Asia and the Middle East .
The people are backwards and many want it that way .
You can fly over a compound in the desert , miles from the next compound , and still it will have walls .
Afghanistan is the land of a million Alamos .
As the pilot brought the helicopter to the yellow pin called FOB Inkerman , an Afghan man had parked his car just near the front of the base on the 611 .
He took out a shovel and began digging , hidden by his car , he thought , at a spot where a bomb had recently detonated .
A British soldier fired a warning shot and the man drove away .
An Apache helicopter eventually attacked the car out in the desert .
There he was , just within direct view of Inkerman , digging in a bomb .
This is typical of the larger situation .
Helicopter landing site at FOB Inkerman .
Two platoons are stationed at Inkerman ; meaning only one platoon at a time can leave the base .
Using one platoon to cover this area is like trying to water a football pitch with a drop of water .
The enemy fights just outside the base , even planting IEDs in view of the guard towers .
On my first morning at Inkerman , one of the platoons was outside the wire in the corn .
They came across tripwires and other booby traps .
The enemy was so close that soldiers could hear the enemies ’ own radios crackling nearby in the corn .
A firefight ensued .
Machine guns and mortars were fired .
The white smoke is a screen launched by the mortars to help the infantry platoon break contact .
There are too few troops to fix the enemy and prosecute attacks .
Cleaning the mortar tubes after the fire mission .
Restacking unfired mortar bombs .
The platoon comes back to base .
Amazingly , despite the dire situation , British morale is high .
My respect for the men and women here only grows by the day .
The soldiers keep streaming in from the mission .
The Pentagon and British MoD spin lies ( though I have found Secretary Gates talks straight ) , but veins of pure truth can be found right here with these soldiers .
The Pentagon and MoD as a whole cannot be trusted because they are the average of their parts .
There are individual officers and NCOs among the U.S. and U.K. who have always been blunt and honest with me .
Among the higher ranking , Petraeus and Mellinger come to mind , but for day - to - day realities this is where it ’s at .
Out here .
Nothing coming from Kabul , London , or Washington should be trusted .
A recent controversy was stirred in the U.K. by my photos of British soldiers in the GZ ( Green Zone ) wearing brown uniforms .
There is some truth to the controversy , but in fairness to the British MoD , only part of the battles take place in the GZ .
Much of the fighting takes place in the deserts .
Even individual missions often alternate between the Green Zone and the Brown Zone , and so neither green nor brown is perfect .
The British SAS and American special operations forces are using camouflage that is more suitable for both environments .
It would cost very little to outfit these soldiers in better camouflage .
These men and women will never get the credit they deserve .
The women are medics , and they brave the combat just like the infantry soldiers .
But again , they will never get the credit they deserve , and so we joked that they should just let people think they spent the entire tour at Camp Bastion .
Who would believe that they were out there in the thick of it ?
On this day , an Afghan man showed one of these medics a rash on his arms , but the medic carried no such medicines out into the fighting .
When medic Evans said she had no medicine , a young man picked up a big stone and was preparing to hit her .
Rhian instantly pointed the rifle at the man who put down the rock .
Still streaming in .
Another day in the war .
Finally they are all in the gate and nobody is shot or blown up this time , and I say a quiet thank you for bringing them back in one piece .
After each mission soldiers drop gear and go immediately into a debriefing to discuss what has occurred .
They discuss things that were done well , things that were done not so well , and there is discussion about how to improve before the next fight .
They talk about the performance of the enemy and any good moves or bad tactics used by the enemy .
They talk about any gear that may have failed or performed well .
The soldiers knew they were doing well and I knew it because they invited me on more missions than I could possibly go on while still being able to write .
Some things could have been done better — always the case even among the most experienced soldiers — so the soldiers talked it through , and after it was over they headed back to re-issue new ammo , clean weapons , recharge batteries for various gear , and prep for combat on a moment ’s notice .
About three hours after the firefight , an Afghan man was brought to FOB Inkerman with the note above .
The note was signed with the name Dr. Haji A. Baqi , who the British said is a doctor for the Taliban .
( Not necessarily a “ Taliban doctor , ” but someone who definitely treats Taliban . )
The Brits said that Dr. Baqi gets medical supplies from the ICRC .
The referral says the patient was “ SHOUTED BY GUN , ” and judging by the small bullet hole it might well have been a British gun .
Normally , a correspondent would not be permitted to publish photos of a captured enemy ( while embedded with British or U.S. forces ) , but this guy was not captured and he was not being detained .
He was not officially deemed the “ enemy , ” despite that his hands were soft and he likely was hit during that firefight .
The medical team : Nikole Cunningham , Rhian Evans , Jonathan Richards , Daniel Yeoman , all led by Dr. Gabriel Shaya , going to work on the suspected Taliban .
His only real problem seems to be the bullet hole ( entry and exit ) in the abdomen .
Luckily for him , he seems to have been hit by the same bullets used in American and British assault rifles ( 5.56 mm ) , which lack the power to make the definitive hits caused by more powerful weapons .
The man was alert throughout .
Dr. Shaya tries to find a vein , but ends up drilling into the guy ’s right tibia to deliver fluids .
This is Dr. Shaya ’s first combat deployment .
On August 2nd the monthly convoy was moving up from Camp Bastion to resupply bases that no longer see fresh apples , fresh milk , or fresh anything .
The convoy had been harassed along the way and the enemy already knows the expected convoy routine , so they were busy with ambushes .
When the convoy passed by FOB Inkerman , Captain Shaya was on QRF ( Quick Reaction Force ) duty .
A nearby IED strike caused a casualty just near the base .
Captain Shaya loaded up with only two other soldiers into the Pinzgauer vehicle .
Darkness was falling when the total of three soldiers launched out of Inkerman and Dr. Shaya thought it was exciting to be on his first mission , but he also knew the dangers , having worked for three weeks at the Camp Bastion trauma center .
Shaya was sitting in the back and realized that if the Pinzgauer got hit with an IED , he might break his neck on the partial ceiling , so he shifted to sit under the open space .
He began to ready his gear to accept the casualty , when about five minutes into his first mission , BOOM ! , the front of the vehicle apparently hit a pressure plate .
The explosion did not seem loud to Dr. Shaya .
Dust and smoke filled the darkening air as the vehicle came to a stop , and part of the truck fell onto Shaya .
His arms and legs were still attached but due to a partition he could not see either man in the front .
He shouted to them and they both responded and both were wounded .
The easiest , quickest way to the front was to crawl out the back and open the driver and passenger doors , but there might be IEDs because the enemy often plants bombs in clusters .
Dr. Shaya did not want to walk on the road until it had been cleared .
They were alone in the dark .
He did n’t even want to turn on his red flashlight .
He could climb over the top but did not want to be an obvious target , so he shouted to the front for them to use the radio to call for help .
The truck had no radio .
Dr. Shaya climbed over top to the front , but did n’t want to turn on his light .
Soon he saw a dim light approaching from down the road and he felt anxious .
As the light grew closer and closer the anxiety increased , and it came closer still until he saw it was the company Sergeant Major and some soldiers .
The anxiety evaporated into profound relief .
The soldiers opened the doors and Dr. Shaya saw that the driver ’s lower right leg was gone , while the dashboard had crushed in on the passenger who was in great pain .
The driver was trapped by the steering wheel , and while soldiers tried to pull him out , Dr. Shaya , now between the driver and the passenger , tried to lift up the steering wheel and finally they got him out to a stretcher where Dr. Shaya had to screw into his tibia to administer fluids .
Dr. Shaya thought the driver was losing his will , and so he gave a pep talk and tried to keep him in the fight .
The other patient was screaming as he was pulled from the vehicle .
He was a large man and difficult to move , and continued to scream with pain as he was put onto a stretcher and the IV was inserted .
Three morphine doses later he was still in great pain due to a severely fractured femur , and as they drove in another vehicle back to base he screamed on the bumpy road .
Dr. Shaya was painfully honest with his recounting , saying that during the stress of his first combat , he had forgotten his weapon and medical bag on the damaged vehicle .
He was upset with himself that he could not administer more because of that oversight .
“ The journey back seemed to take an eternity , ” he said .
The British MERT helicopter was circling in the darkness overhead and when it landed at Inkerman , he ran off , helping with the stretcher , when he should have been preserving his strength for other casualties .
Dr. Shaya told me that when he returned to the medical tent , “ When I got back , I was shattered ( exhausted ) and shaken . ”
He began to pack another medical kit in case he had to crash out the gate on his second mission , yet now soldiers were arriving for treatment after the initial blast that wounded the first soldier , and only when all of that was done could Dr. Shaya relax , and begin to feel the pain from his own throbbing , bleeding elbow .
Combat is the cruelest teacher .
Dr. Shaya , who makes no pretense of being a combat soldier , had been five minutes into his first mission when suddenly he was alone in the dark with two seriously wounded men .
Dr. Shaya treating the suspected Taliban .
Maybe this was the guy who blew up the vehicle .
Soldiers examine the referral note , signed with the name Dr. Haji A. Baqi , wherein the suspected doctor of the Taliban describes symptoms .
Backside of the referral note .
The 129th ERQS ( Emergency Rescue Squadron ) , flying a pair of HH - 60G Pavehawks , launched from Camp Bastion to retrieve the suspected Taliban who was deemed a “ Cat A ” casualty .
Category A means the patient requires immediate evacuation .
Total flight distance ( given the route ) from Bastion to Inkerman back to Bastion would be about 100 miles .
Among the British combat soldiers in Afghanistan , Pedro is the only thing more popular than mail .
When friendly forces are in need , Pedro will come anywhere , anytime , during any weather , and their helicopters have gotten the bulletholes to prove it .
The United States Air Force runs the only rescue service that will always be there , no matter what , no matter that there is no moon for flying , or the dust is too heavy for everyone else , or you are in a firefight .
American Army helicopters in Afghanistan fly with the red cross on the side .
Flying with that symbol makes it illegal for our people to carry weapons .
The decision seems ridiculous ; the enemy will only use the red cross for an aim point .
While the Army flies armed with a red cross , Pedro flies with miniguns .
And they bring some of the most highly qualified medics in the entire U.S. military –which is saying a lot .
They bring miniguns , and powersaws to cut soldiers out of MRAPs or other twisted hulks , and scuba gear when troops and gear are lost to the water .
If our people can manage to get there , Pedro can manage to get them out .
Pedro rescues people every single day .
The lead aircraft , Pedro 35 , brings two pilots , a gunner , a rescue officer , a flight engineer , and two PJs ( elite “ rescue specialists ” ; these men are a story unto themselves ) .
When Pedro 35 landed at FOB Inkerman , the two PJs along with the rescue officer , Captain Dave Depiazza received the patient while British soldiers brought the suspected Taliban toward Pedro .
The PJs like to meet the ground troops outside to make sure the patient is properly categorized , assessed , and loaded .
One challenge with some ground troops is that they will rush the helicopter during a “ brownout ” and start to load the patient feet first ( or headfirst ) , when the PJs might need the patient the other way ; the PJs want the head near the lifesaving airway equipment , and since helicopters vary in configuration , the PJs need to take control early to save seconds .
They want to spend no more than 30 seconds on a hot landing zone ; the aircraft do take hits but they have been lucky so far .
( A Pedro from Kandahar Airfield was shot down in July .
Luckily all survived and kept doing missions , but the helicopter was ultimately destroyed during a recovery mission that went awry . )
Sometimes Pedro 36 comes in first , but this time Pedro 36 flies top cover while Pedro 35 loads the patient .
Pedro 36 racetracks low watching for ground threats .
The door gunners can — and often do — return lethal fire in a couple seconds .
Pedro 36 roars low and then both disappear and head back to Camp Bastion .
When the Pedro 35 landed near the Bastion trauma hospital , Senators John McCain and Joe Lieberman happened to be visiting the hospital as the PJs helped unload the suspected Taliban .
( Just the day before , when I had spent some hours with the Pedros before heading back out with British infantry , one of these same PJs said he would clean the operations center for a week if he could meet McCain .
I said to him , “ Fat chance you ’ll get to meet with McCain , ” and so imagine the PJ ’s surprise when he carried the suspected Taliban into the hospital and accidentally ran into Senators McCain and Lieberman , and shook their hands . )
The war is a busy place and far too much happens out there than can possibly be explained .
Llater that night , a platoon launched on a mission to raid several compounds .
I was invited on the mission on 18 August but did not go due to the usual writing - crunch and impending elections , and so during breaks I sat in the ops center and listened to the radio calls .
The raids unfolded , and after half a night the soldiers brought back six suspects , one of whom had run from the soldiers and urinated on his hands to remove explosives residue .
The terrain had been rough and the night was dark and so two soldiers busted their ankles .
Major Ian Moodie , commander of B Coy 2
Rifles , guaranteed me that in the morning there would be a gaggle of locals , including elders , who would arrive to demand release of the prisoners .
Major Moodie said this problem is exacerbated by the helicopter shortage ; if he could get the prisoners extracted as soon as they were captured , he would be able to say that the prisoners had already been moved and there was nothing he could do , but already in the past he had decided to release prisoners to cool tensions .
Later in the day of 19 August , locals arrived to demand release of the six .
All were released except for one , who was finally picked up by a helicopter on the evening of the 19th , the day before the latest historical Afghan elections wherein Abdullah Abdullah and Hamid Karzai had reached the showdown to decide who would become the President of one of the most primitive countries on Earth , but one that probably gets more international press and attention than Japan and Germany combined .
As the helicopter lifted off with the prisoner , the JTAC who talked the helicopter in said to me that “ Axle ” Foley , another JTAC four miles away in Sangin , was about to call in a bomb from a B1 .
The fighting had begun and it was not even election day .
Taliban in the area were threatening people to stay in their compounds and not vote .
On the afternoon of the 19th , before our election - day mission on the 20th , “ Snowy ” meticulously cleaned every speck of dust off his weapon .
He disassembled the magazines , cleaned the springs , and individually cleaned each bullet .
Snowy then counted every last bullet — twice — and I joked that if his weapon failed the next day , cleaning would not be the issue .
The weapon was ready , it seemed ....
Meanwhile , my BGAN satellite communications gear was malfunctioning on the evening before the election .
Hours would be wasted before it was ascertained the satellite gear was officially broken .
Murphy ’s Law was in effect for all guns and gadgets .
I ’ve come to a remote base and can report what others are not seeing , and the crucial link was broken at the crucial moment .
At about 2245 a rocket banged and zoomed overhead but missed the base and exploded seconds later somewhere out in the darkness .
Orange illumination rounds drifted down nearby and in the far distance , some casting long , flickering shadows .
Radio chatter at the ops room said that an SAS ( British special forces ) helicopter had been shot down north of us and one troop was wounded , and that the enemy was moving toward the crash site which was still occupied by British soldiers .
I headed to bed because the mission on election day was likely to include serious fighting .
The alarm was set for 0330 , but by midnight there had not been time to get a wink .
Just after midnight , having seen no less than 10 meteors streak through the darkness above , sleep came .
The alarm sounded and I pulled out of the cot , already dressed for the mission , and pulled on the boots in the dark .
Sometime around 0400 , there was a distant thud as the helicopter that had been shot down was destroyed .
( An officer later said that two bombs were used , but I heard only one . )
By 0436 , the soldiers were ready to launch on the mission and there was time for a few images on this historic day in the middle of nowhere .
The soldiers had erected a memorial for lost comrades .
Metal detectors and other gear were tested .
It was time .
The mission began .
Suspected bombs were marked along the way .
Dozens of them .
The metal could be anything from an old bullet to a nail .
For years , the enemy has seen us with the metal detectors and so are making bombs with LMC ( low metal content ) .
The soldiers on point with the metal detectors have an incredibly dangerous job .
They must watch for all sorts of ambushes , high and low .
The enemy uses command wires , pressure pads , trip wires and radio - controlled devices .
Some people say the enemy bombs are cowardly , as if we are in a gentlemen ’s duel .
Others might say IEDs are no more cowardly than our using B - 1Bs and A - 10s .
Election day begins .
Our mission was to move to an over - watch position to prevent Taliban from harassing voters on their way to Sangin .
Most people in Afghanistan would not have a chance to vote even if there were no Taliban .
British officers told me that between here and Kajaki , for instance , there were no polling stations .
Fatal funnel : the enemy often plants bombs in walls , or simply throws grenades over top .
Often after ground has been “ cleared , ” soldiers far down the line get blown to pieces .
Open areas make us less predictable for IED strikes , but now we are extremely vulnerable to machine - gun , RPG fire and other weapons such as B10 rockets .
Luckily they are terrible shots with mortars .
If we get ambushed , the only cover is accurate return fire , but the enemy of course tries to hide their firing positions .
Nobody from either side was dead yet .
Not here , anyway .
We reached our objective ; an occupied compound that British forces had used three times before and this boy was waiting .
Afghans often stand with an arm behind their back , or they walk up and down steep mountains in the same fashion .
Nearby compound with a possible IED at the corner .
Several sections occupy different compounds giving us better arcs for mutual fire support .
The opium had already been harvested and the poppy bulbs were hard and dry .
How many bulbs does it take to buy one bullet ?
The drug dealers are getting rich , and so a strong central government is a natural enemy .
As we occupy his home , this Afghan boy plays like he is killing us with a rifle and then wants to see his photo .
The man of the house says he is worried that on our fourth stay , the Taliban will think he is collaborating and will kill him .
Asked if he will vote , he says no , and that nobody in this area will vote because the Taliban will kill them .
Climbing around these compounds takes its toll .
One can only imagine how many bones are broken .
Often , the entrances of the compounds are laced with explosives , so the soldiers blow a “ mouse hole ” through a wall , or use ladders to scale , and so the enemy now places booby traps atop walls .
Again , some people will say it is a “ security violation ” to say that the enemy places bombs atop walls , as if the enemy does n’t know that the enemy has placed bombs atop the walls .
People will say it ’s a security violation to say that we use ladders to climb walls , when every day countless thousands of Afghans see us with ladders .
We ’ve been fighting this war for nearly eight years .
The enemy knows we listen to radios , cell phones , and just about anything else we do .
It ’s the people at home who do not know .
The enemy has learned our tactics and psychology .
Joseph Etchells had been killed nearby almost exactly a month ago , on 19 July .
“ The Kopp - Etchells Effect ” dispatch was written partially in Joe ’s memory .
Several times , the events of Joseph ’s loss were recounted to me , in clear hopes that important details would be told .
I said not to worry , it will be told .
The missing details were that soldiers had complained about not having enough ladders to scale walls to avoid dangerous compound entrances .
During a mission the soldiers needed to get over a wall but were without a ladder , and so Joseph Etchells volunteered to go through the entrance , where he stepped on a pressure plate .
The compound we occupied on election day was littered , partially with batteries .
Soldiers do not throw away old batteries , but collect them in boxes because the enemy digs through trash to collect batteries to make bombs , but just as often something like this is benign .
Afghans in this area typically live with their animals .
Many believe that the Pashtun people are one of the lost tribes of Israel .
If true , some Taliban might actually be descended from Jews , which would be one of the most severe ironies of humanity .
Some branches go off and earn Nobel Prizes and unravel the secrets of the universe while advancing humanity by leaps and bounds , while another turns malignant and does n’t know how to build a road .
The FST ( Fire Support Team ) goes into position over - watching a road leading to Sangin .
The mission is to prevent any roving bands of Taliban from interrupting voters traveling to Sangin .
The family keeps two myna birds whose wings have been clipped , and the Hazra interpreter tells me the birds can talk .
I tell him that birds of similar appearance , also called myna , are sold in America .
“ What if the bird says , ‘ I love Mullah Omar . ’ ” I asked the interpreter .
“ Then we must shoot it ! ” he answered .
The heat increases and the soldiers wait .
The first customers arrive .
Maybe they are a probe .
The men are searched .
If others were planning to come down the road on this day , none do .
A radio call said there was an IED strike nearby , in the area of Patrol Base Wishtan , which would be on or in the area of Pharmacy Road ( the subject of the latest dispatch “ Bad Medicine . ” )
Later we learned that two soldiers were killed at Wishtan : Sergeant Paul McAleese , 29 , and Private Jonathan Young , who was 18 .
According to the BBC :
They were killed while on a routine foot patrol near the town of Sangin , in Helmand province , on Thursday .
Their families have been informed .
Their deaths bring the total number in Afghanistan since 2001 to 206 .
Lt Col Nick Richardson , spokesman for Task Force Helmand , said : " It is with deep regret that we report the deaths of two soldiers in Helmand Province .
" Our deepest heartfelt thoughts and sympathies go out to the bereaved family , friends and comrades of these brave soldiers . "
The MoD said the deaths were not connected to Thursday 's presidential elections in Afghanistan .
Every mission here on the 20th was connected to the elections .
The idea that the losses were not connected to the elections seems off , not that it would make a difference to the fallen .
Yet the slights and spins , often for no apparent reason ( even if not the case here ) , undermines the messengers .
There would be much fighting around Afghanistan this day .
Men were watching us and roving around at a distance of about 900 meters .
Sniper Keiran Jones is told to fire a warning shot .
Fighting was kicking up in the distance , and FOB Inkerman was starting to get attacked .
Out in Sangin the fighting would last all day .
Rifleman Keiran Jones keeps his eye on the target while rolling the foam earplugs .
The man watching us is wearing a white dishdasha and a white turban .
BAM !
Keiran Jones launches a bullet from the .338 rifle , which cracks just a few feet away from the “ dicker . ” ( Watcher . )
Another FST member has already recorded coordinates for targets and is ready to start a fire mission using mortars or the 105 mm howitzers .
Rifleman Keiran on the scope .
The snipers would fire about half a dozen times this day , and not all were warning shots .
Steady …
BAM .
Dust fills the air and reflects off the morning sun .
Re-chamber .
Steady …
BAM .
More dust .
The snipers are cleared to kill a man , the same one who has been watching us , as he peeks his turbaned head around a corner about 900 m away .
The shot is difficult because Keiran is in a tough and painful position to shoot from .
I joke that they need to do “ sniper yoga ” and Jones replies with a chuckle , “ No shit .
It ’s a stress position . ”
Both snipers stayed in positions that were agonizing for their legs and backs .
There were no good places to get a relaxed shot .
Keiran Jones aimed for the man ’s head and BAM !
The supersonic bullet that could kill an elephant raced toward the target .
Keiran was very upset , thinking he may have missed , though others thought he might have hit the man .
The shot would have been an easy shot if Kerian were prone , but the muscle stress in the growing heat was adding up .
The snipers stayed for hours up in that sun , sometimes taking alternating breaks , but they were in competition to get the enemy .
Like dueling banjos .
I sat in between them for about 20 - 30 minutes and all three of us were aching from the positions , though my position was far easier and shaded by one of the snipers .
They stayed at it .
Jones , drenched in sweat , takes a micro - break .
Fighting continued in the distance over in Sangin .
We saw bombs drop and the mortars and howitzers were firing dozens and dozens of rounds , while the Apaches were hammering away with their cannons , and launching about 30 rockets through the day .
The compound and our soon - to - be ambush spot .
CPT Ed Addington keeps an eye out .
We could hear firefights but other than the snipers peeling off some shots , we were not in contact .
We were not trying to hide .
The Brits wanted everyone to know we were there .
A jet drops a bomb in the Green Zone .
Down inside the compound , soldiers began to try to compress themselves into any sliver of shade but the shade kept shrinking .
Though we had occupied the compound , soldiers respected the house by staying outside .
The dog looked thirsty but when I tried to give him water , he launched out like the Killer Rabbit on Monthy Python .
If not for the rope around his neck , there might have been a death match .
The dog seemed completely insane , as if he had been attending al Qaeda seminars .
The soldiers could n’t believe that five minutes later , little Cujo was still viciously growling .
I slid the water close enough but by several hours later he still never took a sip .
Medic Nikole Cunningham goes into firefights in the middle of bomb - laced country .
Nikole said her family thinks she never goes on missions .
The family was long gone , but two boys came back and fed their grandfather ( apparently ) who was very old and stayed with us .
The plan was to stay all day , but we were told that by late afternoon , only 245 ballots were cast .
And so it was decided that we should head back before dark , which would make it easier for us to avoid IEDs , but more difficult to avoid ambushes from machine guns and RPGs .
No matter what you do .
. . .
Everybody expected an ambush .
The enemy had had most of the day to cook up something .
Off we went , down the middle , taking chances with the machine guns , RPGs and other rockets , but avoiding the more likely IEDs for the first leg .
The Taliban is in complete and uncontested control of the nearby power station .
We do n’t even have enough soldiers to take and hold the power station , and so the enemy controls the on / off switch , and they charge locals for power .
While we generate electricity up at Kajaki , the Taliban makes money off it .
It ’s no wonder why the Taliban laugh at the idea of negotiating .
The thought went through my head , “ If I were the enemy , I would ambush us right .
. . . ” ZIP , SNAP , CRACK , CRACK , CRACK !
Their machine - gun fire was accurate and we all dove to the ground .
ZIPT !
SNAP SNAP !
Some bullets hit between this soldier and me .
There ’s Snowy , who had cleaned his weapon with surgical care .
He had wiped down every bullet and every millimeter of the magazines .
His weapon was working just fine .
For now .
Sapper Cameron
Baldry starts to get up , and I think , “ Why is he getting up ? ” Bullets were snapping by .
The soldiers often complain that when they hit the dirt , some of the bulky radio frequency gear they carry gets in the way of their helmets .
When soldiers are down in the dirt they cannot aim their weapons because their faces are stuck in the ground .
So Baldry rolled into a sitting position to return fire .
Meanwhile behind me , Snowy ’s weapon began to malfunction .
I was making video when a soldier fired a Javelin missile which impacted close to the nearest compound .
This is where untrained fighters usually crack and run away in a jumble .
British soldiers , however , are well - trained .
While some provided covering fire , others peeled off in an organized fashion .
At this point another Javelin was launched and can barely be seen in this photo .
Impact : I ’d never seen a Javelin explode like that .
Usually they are like gigantic hand grenades , but this one looked like a bomb from a jet .
What in the world did he hit ?
A fireball gathered and left a mushroom cloud .
None of us knew what had been hit , but of course there was speculation that the Javelin had found ammunition or bomb - making material .
Maybe a tractor , I thought .
We went to a nearby compound that was empty and I stayed low near the front thinking this was the real ambush and that a cluster of bombs was about to kill half of us .
A soldier dropped his pants to see where he had been hit .
Apparently a bullet had sent a rock into his thigh .
The fire truly was accurate .
We truly were lucky that several of us did not get hit .
Meanwhile , other soldiers were checking ammo levels and doing redistribution as needed .
After every firefight , the Brits ( and Americans ) check for wounds , redistribute ammo , and check critical gear .
Two or three British soldiers asked if I was okay .
Meanwhile , leaders would consult maps , develop SA and figure out what they wanted to do next .
It can not be stressed enough to check your buddies for wounds .
Soldiers have often died because in the adrenaline rush and cascade of survival juices , or sometimes simply because they are still fighting , troops do n’t realize they are badly wounded , and so they bleed out and die .
Being just a writer , it ’s not my domain to intrude , but after every drama I closely watch their uniforms and hands for blood .
All the soldiers are well trained , but some are still just teenagers and so you start to feel responsible for the younger ones , especially .
Sapper Cameron Baldry , a twenty - three - year - old soldier from 2 Troop , 11 Field SQN of the 38 Engineer Regiment , pointed at me exclaiming something like , “ Did you see those bullets hitting between us !
They were striking right between us ! ”
I chuckled , saying yes , it was close , and those guys are good shots but we got lucky .
Baldry ’s antenna had been shot off but he did n’t get shot .
We headed back to FOB Inkerman , avoiding many markers for potential IEDs .
Aircraft could still be heard , and there was fighting in the distance .
Marker .
Marker .
Fighting continues to our left , but it ’s in the far distance .
To our right about a thousand meters away someone is using a signal mirror , probably tracking our movements .
The heat and the weight cause some soldiers to pause , and finally we are back on base and somehow got away with no fatalities or even injuries .
There is no telling how much ammo was fired by 2 Rifles elements in Sangin , Wishtan and elsewhere , but the soldiers from Inkerman fired at least 1,100 rounds of 5.56 ( rifle and link ) , 800x 7.62 mm , 3 x Javelin , 133x 81 mm mortar , 172x 105 mm howitzer .
The Apaches fired about 500x 30 mm , 28 x flechette rockets and a Hellfire .
Someone dropped 2 x 500 lb bombs and a British Tornado strafed , while American A - 10s and Belgian F - 16s also joined up .
Too much was going on to keep up , and in fact the base had been hit while we ’d been gone , destroying someone ’s sleeping space .
Soldiers on base had identified at least one firing point and kept eyes on , and we got back just about the time I saw John Loughday and Simon Wagstaff trying to kill someone with a Javelin as the enemy occupied a firing position with what soldiers identified as a B10 rocket laucher .
The first Javelin failed , and so they grabbed another and launched .
With six seconds of flight time to that target , the single enemy saw the messenger coming his way .
Instead of praying he made a run and I heard the explosion .
The men radioed down from the tower , “ Hello Two Zero this is crow ’s nest .
Good strike one enemy dead . ”
The day kept going but a man can only record so much .
My sat - gear was broken and so there was no way to file a detailed account of the election day , which in this area was a failure .
The next morning , on the 21st , ten men showed up to the FOB to talk about the generator that he said had been hit by the Javelin missle during the ambush yesterday .
The soldiers had previously been to his compound and confirmed that he had a nice generator , which now apparently was the victim of a Javelin missile and had gone out as a fiery mushroom cloud .
As a heat source , it would have stood out as a nice target to lock the Javelin onto .
As a side note , the man said they had gone to Sangin to vote and had voted for Karzai .
Yet we had watched his compound all day and nobody had left it to travel to Sangin .
Furthermore , three days later , I was present when the same platoon occupied a compound of the man wearing blue ( above ) .
On the 24th , he said he had not voted .
We occupied his compound on the 24th because British soldiers thought it was being used by the enemy .
Yet here he is on base on the 21st , part of the party asking for money for the blown - up generator .
On the 24th he said he did n’t know any Taliban and had only been here for a month .
He spontaneously said he knows that Barack Obama is the President of the United States , but when asked , did not know who Michael Jackson was .
On the 21st he was on base , while on the 24th I sat with him for about an hour while we waited for the enemy to square off for a fight .
( And there came another firefight . )
On the 21st , the elder said the generator cost about 70,000 Afghanis , or about $ 1,400 , but the most that could be paid from this base was $ 300 .
The inanity of it all is difficult to fathom in one sitting .
We were taking machine - gun fire , apparently from his compound or that area , but he had no information about the Taliban .
Probably because he is Taliban .
We blew up his generator and now he wanted to get paid .
Later the evening of the 21st , soldiers held a ceremony for recently lost comrades and the next day they were right back out there in combat .
On the 22nd there was business as usual .
A patrol was out on the road and a man was driving toward them on a motorcycle .
The daylight was fading and a warning shot was fired but the man kept coming so a soldier went lethal and shot to kill , grazing the man ’s arm .
The man did n’t realize at first that he had been shot , or where it had come from .
As with young American soldiers , nobody seems to believe that a man cannot hear a warning shot while he ’s riding his motorcyle , or that he ca n’t see soldiers wearing camouflage during the last rays of daylight .
Despite being in countless firefights wherein we often have great difficulty identifying firing positions ( such as two days earlier when machine guns were nearly hitting us ) , many young soldiers think that firing a warning shot is enough .
We all know that snipers who are in hiding fire only one shot to avoid conveying their firing position .
Warning shots mean nothing to an old man who needs glasses , who is riding a motorcyle at twilight in an area where gunshots are more common than frogs .
So a small piece of flesh was stripped from his arm and the man got off light .
The world kept turning and on the 24th “ Bad Medicine ” was published just after midnight Eastern Standard Time , and that morning before sunrise the soldiers were going on a dangerous mission and I went along .
The result was a firefight and much mortar and cannon fire using prox fuses , delay and airbursts into the enemy position .
Though we had information that the enemy was trying to get us with IEDs , we escaped getting blown to pieces .
When I got back to base , there was a message from British MoD that my embed had been canceled ( about one month before we had agreed it would end ) without warning .
The message and timing were clear enough .
“ Bad Medicine ” was published , and I was out .
The soldiers at 2 Rifles were astonished .
The MoD gave the reason that it was unfair to the journalists who were clamoring for spots , but my sense was that MoD had created a convenient excuse that was kept in the chamber , and now they had pulled the trigger .
I responded to the MoD :
Thank you for the message .
The precipitous decision by the MoD to cancel my embed after today 's dispatch is unfortunate .
The sudden reversal after today 's dispatch -- apparently a publication that did not sit well with the MoD -- will cause me significant headaches .
As you know , there are many balls in the air , and the MoD has effectively shoved me out of the way .
Please forward to Ltc Richardson that the message was received .
Michael
----
And so that was it .
My last day with the British 2 Rifles had ended the same as it had ended in Iraq .
In combat .
I ’ll miss the British soldiers .
They constitute a truly professional force–if dangerously underresourced .
It has been my honor to accompany them in combat .
In theory I would do so again anytime , but in practice this will be the last time MoD will have a chance to cut me off in mid-flight , wasting much time and resources that should have been devoted to telling the story .
Barring a guarantee from a British General Officer that something like this will never happen again , my days of covering British operations are over .
On Sunday morning , 30 August , the United States Air Force “ Pedros ” took me on three missions .
Please stand by .
This is very interesting .
CNN magically transforms “ twitterers ” into “ unnamed sources ”
Which will vanish from CNN sooner – its last viewer or its last remaining shred of credibility ?
It ’s a race down to the wire .
At a time when the Iranian thugocracy has clamped down on foreign reporters , CNN still managed to get some great quotes from unnamed pro-democracy protesters .
Unfortunately for CNN , the sharp - eyed folks at BNO News figured out why they were unnamed – the quotes were actually tweets that had been posted by an anonymous Iranian Twitterer called Persian Kiwi .
Here are PersianKiwi ’s original tweets posted in the morning hours of June 24 :
they were waiting for us – they all have guns and riot uniforms – it was like a mouse trap – ppl being shot like animals # Iranelection 6:53 AM
Jun 24th from web I see many ppl with broken arms / legs / heads – blood everywhere – pepper gas like war – # Iranelection 6:35 AM Jun 24th from web
Later in the day , CNN.com posted the following story :
TEHRAN , Iran ( CNN ) —
Security forces wielding clubs and firing weapons beat back hundreds of would - be demonstrators who had flocked to a square in the capital on Wednesday to continue protests against an election they have denounced as fraudulent , witnesses told CNN .
“ They were waiting for us , ” one source said .
“ They all have guns and riot uniforms .
It was like a mouse trap . ”
“ I see many people with broken arms , legs , heads – blood everywhere – pepper gas like war , ” the source said .
Similar unnamed “ sources ” tell us that Ashton Kutcher is heading for the store to buy some cheese and crackers .
But we ’re not putting in a story .
Uh-oh .
Looks like we just did .
Source : Gawker via MediaBistro.com
1. Performance
2. Video Camera
3. Siri
4. AirPlay Mirroring
5. Improved Antenna
6. Battery Life
7. Design
8. Satisfaction
9. Apps
10 . Camera
Sporting exactly the same A5 , dual - core processor located in Apple ’s latest tablet , the iPhone 4S is 2 x quicker than its predecessor .
And its graphics processor obtained an upgrade also .
The new GPU is 7 x a lot quicker as opposed to chip identified within the iPhone four .
These enhancements might be most visible in resource - intensive applications , and especially in games .
Glimpse for builders to start out making use of the A5 to provide video games with much much better graphics and sharper details .
Even though the preceding iPhone was able of capturing High definition video clip , it had been minimal to only 720 lines of resolution .
The online video camera also involves pro characteristics like temporal sounds reduction , which allows you report movie in lowlight cases , and image stabilization to compensate for your shakiness that typically happens each time a camera is not mounted on a tripod .
The iPhone 4S will occur pre-installed with Siri , your very possess electronic personalized assistant .
The responding - voice recognition technique utilizes synthetic intelligence and seemingly almost endless expertise to solution your issues and aid you with multitask .
Siri can answer trivial problems , pull up dining places and movie theaters , and also scribe e-mails and text messages for you .
The technique stands out amid other voice command technologies , because it understands basic language and it has entry to this kind of a substantial database of information
This feature is geared toward individuals who definitely individual an Apple Television , but it is a single from the coolest additions in the new iPhone .
With Air Play mirroring , almost everything you do on your iPhone is usually mirrored with your Television set through an Apple Tv .
That means you are able to search the web , variety an email , and perhaps engage in online games to the significant display screen - and it is all wireless .
Game developers arealready using benefit of the new characteristic , producing multiplayer racing game titles which you could enjoy on your own Tv set , while using your iPhone because the controller .
AirPlay mirroring is barely out there on the iPad two plus the iPhone 4S .
Apple caught lots of high temperature around the iPhone fours antenna woes .
The debacle finished up costing the corporate loads of bad publicity and millions of dollars in cost - free instances .
But this time around , Apple did its homework .
The iPhone 4S touts a clean dual - antenna fashion and style for enhanced reception , and residences a brand new aspect that switches involving the two for greater contact excellent .
And when your carrier comes about to help HSDPA + , your iPhone 4S are going to be effective at downloading info at 14.4 Mbps .
That is 2 times as rapid as being the iPhone four and on par with other “ 4 G ” handsets .
Even along with the iPhone 4S ’ new A5 twin core processor , 8 MP digital camera , as well as the always - ready Siri assistant , the handset nonetheless manages to carry on to its predecessor ’s remarkable battery everyday living .
With Apple ’s new handset you are able to converse up to 8 several hours on 3G ( fourteen hours on 2G ) , it is possible to browse the world wide web for as much as 6 hrs ( nine several hours on Wi - Fi ) , you are able to view as much as 10 several hours of movie , and listen to songs for your staggering 40 several hours straight .
And if you are not a major person , the iPhone 4S incorporates a standby time of approximately 200 hours .
However a lot of individuals ended up anticipating a redesigned smartphone , the iPhone 4S remains a amazing engineering feat .
A year following its introduction , the product continues to get one particular in the slimmest ( otherwise the slimmest ) handsets out there - even with all of its hardware enhancements .
The exceptional iPhone four was heralded as “ beautiful ” and “ striking , ” in addition because the iPhone 4S carries on that trend .
Although its 3.5 ? screen may possibly sense small from the corporation of other 4 ?+ products , it may help keep the new iPhone transportable adequate to suit comfortably as part of your pocket .
Apple ’s solutions are synonymous while using phrase “ it just will work , ” and also the iPhone is not any exception .
It is trusted , hardly ever ( if ever before ) freezes or crashes , and does n’t experience the fragmentation difficulties that plague other cell platforms .
Apple makes the components , and creates the software program , and both equally get the job done superbly collectively to provide a pain - free smart phone working experience .
The numbers communicate for by themselves .
A number of new reports have identified that through 90 % of iPhone entrepreneurs are probably to obtain their following handset from Apple .
Anticipate the iPhone 4S to continue the custom .
The App Retail store does n’t actually need an introduction .
Apple was initial to strike it major from the cellular apps industry , and it ’s compensated off for the business in dividends .
The iOS platform is way in advance on the opposition during the third party apps race .
Not merely regarding amount , but quality too .
Apple ’s stringent app - approval practice retains out malicious computer software , and guarantees ( in most cases ) that only high quality software makes it into its ecosystem .
The iPhone 4S is going to be able to run all the App Store ’s 500,000 + titles , as well as any new ones that arrive out that demand Apple ’s A5 processor .
The iPhone 4S houses a state - of - the artwork 8 MP digital camera , capable of using 3264 x 2448 photos .
That ’s 60 % far more pixels than the iPhone four ?s digicam , and it lets you print out crystal very clear 8×10 pics .
Other new functions consist of an enhanced illumination sensor , which can develop low light photos , and an infrared filter to supply a lot more exact colors .
And with Apple ’s new custom - made ISP ( Photograph Sign Processor ) , you are able to go from your house screen to getting an image , in one . 1 seconds .
Given that is swift .
Steven Barnes , now 43 , was wrongfully convicted of rape and murder at the age of 23 .
Stephanie Smith
CNN Medical Producer
For 20 years Steven Barnes has relived one day over and over in his mind ; the scenes sometimes unfold like a filmy , disjointed dream , and sometimes with a stark and painful furor .
It was the day he was arrested , at age 23 , for a crime he did not commit .
" When they came to arrest me I was screaming and freaking out saying I did n't murder nobody , " said Barnes , who is now 43 , and was released from prison last November just a few days after his conviction was overturned .
His conviction hinged on what he calls " junk science . "
In 1989 , Barnes was convicted of raping and strangling to death 16 - year - old Kimberly Simon on the evening of Sept. 18 , 1985 , in Marcy , N.Y .
The case against him relied heavily on forensic evidence and he spent nearly 20 years in prison .
Investigators testified that hairs found in Barnes ' truck had similar characteristics to hairs found at the crime scene .
They suggested dirt found in the wheel wells of his pick - up truck was similar to dirt at the crime scene - and the clincher - according to investigators , a smudge on the side of Barnes ' truck bore a similar imprint to the jeans worn by the victim .
Barnes says investigators suggested that the victim leaned against the truck before he allegedly raped and killed her .
It is all of these suggestions that still make Barnes bristle .
" That was all their scientific evidence , " said Barnes , with an air of scorn at the word ' scientific ' .
" It was all about similarities .
Similar hair , similar jean imprint .
You do n't put someone away that long for similarities . "
" What you have is a reliance on forensic disciplines that have not been fully vetted , that are n't sufficiently rooted in science , " said Eric Ferrero , a spokesperson for the Innocence Project , the organization that pushed for the DNA testing that ultimately debunked forensic evidence used against Barnes .
Ferrero says that although forensics is an inexact science , juries in cases like Barnes ' can be easily swayed .
Of the 241 wrongful conviction cases the Innocence Project has helped to overturn , 50 percent of them hinged on forensic science problems .
" It 's not like what you see on [ television drama ] CSI , " said Ferrero .
" In court , a forensic analyst cannot say something ' definitely ' matches , they can't say this fiber ' definitely ' belongs to a suspect .
They just can't say those things because the science is not there .
" We do have cases , where during the trial someone was convicted based on no real evidence . "
" The issue is , we need more science in forensic science , " said Paul Giannelli , a law professor at Case Western Reserve Law School .
A report by the National Academy of Science in February issued a scathing assessment of the forensic science community .
It stated that , among other issues , " testimony based on faulty forensic science analyses may have contributed to wrongful convictions of innocent people . "
While most scientists agree that DNA evidence is the gold standard of forensics – and that toxicology also has a scientific basis – other areas are increasingly being assailed .
One such area is called pattern or impression evidence .
Ferrero says pattern evidence problems crop up often in Innocence Project cases .
" It 's shoe prints , tire tracks , bite marks , markings on bullets , lip impressions , " said Ferrero .
" We 're not saying that those are all junk science necessarily , we just do n't know if they are junk because there has never been testing done . "
The most popular piece of impression evidence is fingerprinting .
It has been used in criminal cases since the 1930's , said Giannelli , and was once considered infallible .
" [ Forensic investigators ] say that this is your fingerprint to the exclusion of all other people in the world , " said Giannelli .
" That 's an incredible statement .
DNA does n't even do that . "
A small study by the University of Southampton in 2005 put fingerprinting to the test .
Researchers at the School of Psychology invited a panel of forensic experts to assess a set of fingerprints .
In a twist to the study , the scientists were led to believe that the prints they were comparing did not match - and in a further twist , all of the samples being analyzed by the experts were prints they had " matched " before in previous cases .
The results are stunning .
Only one participant concurred with his previous assessment that the prints were a " match . "
Three scientists changed their original decision , and one expert could not render a definitive decision .
The results , says Giannelli , reveal serious flaws not only with fingerprint analysis , but the forensics field in general .
“ All of this court testimony [ by forensics experts ] is being done without any statistical basis , ” he said .
He adds that fingerprinting , and many other elements of forensic science as exercised at an estimated 400 labs across the U.S. , is suggestible and subjective .
That subjectivity has played out in harrowing ways .
In 2004 , the FBI , following the terrorist attack on commuter trains in Madrid , errantly linked a fingerprint found at the crime scene to Brandon Mayfield , a U.S. citizen .
The FBI determined that the fingerprint image at the scene - which was tested and " matched " to Mayfield - was of " substandard quality , " owing to the mistake .
But if the FBI can make that mistake , Giannelli marvels , what are the mistakes being made at less sophisticated forensics labs around the country ?
" Comparing a mark on malleable surface is a dynamic action , " said Giannelli .
" Even if your fingerprints are unique , you have to accept that you 're not looking directly at fingerprints , you 're looking at a smudge .
Every time you put a finger on a smudge it 's a distortion
" And yet courts allow this in hundreds of cases accepting bite mark evidence , fingerprint evidence , other impression evidence , and it's never been successfully challenged . "
At the Georgia Bureau of Investigation ( GBI ) in Atlanta , deputy director Dr. George Herrin is adamant that forensics is reliable .
He stresses the importance , when thinking about solving crimes , of seeing the big picture .
" Everything has value , " said Herrin .
" Everything that the crime lab does is based upon valid scientific principles .
There are different levels of discriminating power that the different tests have . "
And yet , the furor and frustration about forensics is building outside of labs like the GBI .
Many , even within the field , agree that something needs to change - soon .
Dr. Bruce Goldberger , a professor of toxicology at the University of Florida College of Medicine , echoes the findings of the NAS report - which calls for more scientific rigor , oversight and funding for forensics .
" In the short term [ it is ] a way to elevate the integrity of the science , " said Goldberger .
While the forensics field undergoes a sea change , Steven Barnes is experiencing his own .
He is acclimating to life outside of prison .
He says that he is not bitter , because that would be a burden , but he is still concerned about the shaky precipice upon which he says justice is doled .
" It 's just that you do n't want to put someone away for that amount of years based on ' maybe ' , ' perhaps , ' and ' could have been ' , " said Barnes .
" It just needs to change . "
by
Some years ago Dialogue published Tracie Lamb ’s interesting essay on her experience as a sister missionary .
( 25/2 , page 137 ) Some of her comments stemmed from being older than the average male missionary .
I do not recall seeing any similar discussion by an older male missionary .
( Perhaps you know of one ? )
One of my nephews , a recent college graduate from a Little Ivy , will begin his mission to Japan Sept.
9 . In two years he will resume his dream of a career in an area of cell biology .
In addition to having met very exacting academic standards , he boasts a real love of people , a warm personality , a highly trained and excellent singing voice , and a sincere desire to serve a mission .
He seems well suited for success in a mission and in life .
However , I wonder , what unique challenges and opportunities does the more mature young male missionary face ?
Skilled Representation For Colorado Real Estate Transactions
Real estate transactions can be complicated and time - consuming affairs .
Whether you are buying or selling property , leasing commercial property or have other real estate issues , the advice of an experienced Denver real estate attorney can help you protect your legal and financial interests .
I am attorney Jay Pansing , and I have more than 30 years of experience providing efficient , knowledgeable and effective representation to individuals and businesses in the Denver metro area and throughout Summit and Eagle counties .
To discuss your real estate needs , contact me , a Colorado lawyer , online or call 720- 496-4740 to schedule an appointment .
I provide thorough , cost - effective representation to clients throughout Colorado .
Practicing Real Estate Law Exclusively
From my Denver and Silverthorne law offices , I focus my practice entirely on real estate matters .
I handle a wide variety of issues , including real estate transactions , as well as commercial and residential leasing transactional work and title matters and access issues .
In addition , I also help with planning and zoning issues , and help protect real estate brokers and real estate companies .
I have extensive knowledge of tax law , title issues and the law of commercial leasing , including subordination , nondisturbance and attornment agreements ( SNDAs ) and waivers of subrogation .
I understand real estate issues , and I will work diligently to help your transactions go smoothly .
In recognition of my legal abilities and reputation , I am proud to say that I have received the AV rating * under Martindale - Hubbell ’s peer review rating system , the highest rating for expertise and ethics .
Call for a Consultation With a Colorado Commercial Transactions and Leasing Attorney
Let me help you in getting your real estate issue handled in a timely and competent manner .
Contact me , a Denver real estate lawyer , online or call 720- 496-4740 to schedule an appointment .
I have offices in Denver and Silverthorne , and I charge reasonable fees to help keep your costs to a minimum .
* AV Preeminent and BV Distinguished are certification marks of Reed Elsevier Properties Inc. , used in accordance with the Martindale - Hubbell certification procedures , standards and policies .
Martindale - Hubbell is the facilitator of a peer review rating process .
Ratings reflect the confidential opinions of members of the bar and the judiciary .
Martindale - Hubbell ratings fall into two categories : legal ability and general ethical standards .
Micrographs demonstrating the difference in size of the hippocampal formation in a bird from the wild , left , and captivity .
Neither brain pictured was at the volumetric extreme of its group .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Being in captivity for just a few weeks can reduce the volume of the hippocampus by as much as 23 percent , according to a new Cornell study .
Caged birds may still sing , but being in captivity for just a few weeks can reduce the volume of the hippocampus by as much as 23 percent , according to a new Cornell study .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain involved in spatial learning and memory tasks .
The research , by psychology graduate student Bernard Tarr and professor Tim DeVoogd , indicates that the hippocampus is highly sensitive to some or all of the environmental conditions that change in captivity -- including , among other things , social stimulation , exercise , food - storing opportunities and stress .
The article is online at the journal of Developmental Neurobiology 's Web site and will appear in a forthcoming issue of the journal ,
The results provide new clues that could help researchers better understand human stress disorders such as depression and post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) , which have been linked in previous studies of mammals to decreased hippocampal volume .
The research could also provide a new model for future studies of stress , stress disorders and spatial memory that take advantage of broad similarities in hippocampal function in birds and mammals .
To test the effect of captivity on the birds , Tarr and colleagues caught a total of 20 wild black - capped chickadees ( which are frequently used in research on learning and memory ) in the late fall of two successive years .
The researchers injected each bird with BrdU , a chemical that marks newly forming brain cells ; then tagged and released 10 of the birds and housed a corresponding 10 in the lab .
About five weeks after the first capture , the researchers recaptured the tagged wild birds and compared their hippocampal volumes to those of their lab - housed counterparts .
They found that lab - housed birds had , on average , 23 percent less hippocampal volume ( relative to total brain size ) than the recaptured birds .
The volume decrease could be due to a combination of factors , but stress is likely a significant contributor , said Tarr .
" It 's not improbable to intuitively consider that being captive is highly stressful for these animals , " he said .
" So what we might have shown is , there really is a relationship between stress and a reduction of hippocampal volume . "
That finding adds a new dimension to previous research examining whether the process of caching ( stashing food for retrieval later ) actually causes the hippocampus to grow .
Chickadees tested in the fall , when the need to cache food is highest , have been shown to have larger hippocampuses than those tested in other seasons .
But captive birds that were allowed to cache in the lab showed no hippocampal - volume differences when compared with those that were kept inactive .
" If it 's true that caching stimulates the hippocampus , for birds you allow out [ to cache ] you 'd expect to see the hippocampus grow in volume , " Tarr said .
It 's possible that the caching activities in the lab are simply not as challenging or intense as those in the wild , he said .
But it 's also possible that in the lab , any benefit from caching exercises could be reversed by the detrimental effect of captivity .
Either way , Tarr said , the recent study suggests that research on the subject to date cannot be considered conclusive .
The findings also complement evidence from imaging and clinical studies in humans and other mammals that link depression and PTSD with decreased hippocampal volume .
In those studies , researchers had no way of knowing which came first : environmental stress that caused the hippocampus to shrink , or an inherently smaller hippocampus that predisposed certain individuals to depression or PTSD under stressful conditions .
But in the research by Tarr and colleagues , the 20 chickadees were randomly assigned to be either released or kept captive -- making it highly unlikely that the two groups had an inherent difference in average hippocampus size at the outset .
The findings therefore suggest a causal link between captivity and hippocampal changes .
" This lends strong support to the notion that in mammals -- and that would specifically include humans -- with PTSD [ or depression ] , there is an environmental input that triggers or results in some neurobiological change or output , " Tarr said .
More information : www3.interscience.wiley.com /jo … l/122616256/abstract
Provided by Cornell University ( news : web )
Explore further Stress may cause the brain to become disconnected
Migrant facing deportation wins right to stay in Britain ... because he 's got a cat
It may have been one of the least plausible attempts to avoid deportation - but it worked .
An illegal immigrant was allowed to stay in Britain because he had a cat , it was revealed yesterday .
The unnamed Bolivian was spared deportation after he told a court that he and his girlfriend had bought the animal as a pet .
Immigration judges ruled that sending him back home would breach his human rights by interfering with his family life .
The spectacular setting of the Bolivian capital , La Paz , at 3,600 metres above sea level .
The unnamed immigrant was allowed to avoid deportation to his home country because he had a cat
The decision by the Asylum and Immigration Tribunal caused ' disappointment ' at the Home Office and amazement among anti-immigration campaigners , who questioned why the existence of a pet cat could be considered relevant to an immigration case .
Sir Andrew Green of the Migrationwatch think tank said the argument over the cat was ' utterly absurd ' and reflected badly on the attitudes of judges .
Court papers on the case have kept secret the name of the cat alongside that of the immigrant as part of its privacy procedures .
Criticism : Tory Immigration spokesman Damian Green
However one immigration judge , Judith Gleeson , remarked in the official ruling that the cat ' need no longer fear having to adapt to Bolivian mice . '
The cat ruling was made by immigration judge James Devittie after the Bolivian submitted evidence that claimed joint ownership of the pet with his girlfriend demonstrated he was settled in Britain and it would break human rights rules to remove him .
The solicitor who represented the Bolivian , Barry O'Leary , told the Sunday Telegraph that the cat was one detail among many in the case .
He said : ' When giving the reasons for the success the judge did comment on the couple 's cat , ' he said .
' It was taken into account as part of the couple 's life together .
' The Home Office asked for the decision to be reconsidered .
' They argued it should be reconsidered because the decision was wrong in law , and one error they cited was that too much consideration was given to the couple 's cat . '
Sir Andrew Green said : ' Drawing pets into the consideration of issues of such importance is so utterly absurd that you could not make it up .
' This is symptomatic of the attitude held by many of the judiciary , which is complete disregard for the impact of such decisions on the future of our community . '
Sir Andrew Green of the Migrationwatch think tank said the argument over the cat was ' utterly absurd ' ( file picture )
" Nor is there any reason why the state should not assist the individuals in providing for those common hazards of life against which , because of their uncertainty , few individuals can make adequate provision .
Where , as in the case of sickness and accident , neither the desire to avoid such calamities nor the efforts to overcome their consequences are as a rule weakened by the provision of assistance - where , in short , we deal with genuinely insurable risks - the case for the state 's helping to organize a comprehensive system of social insurance is very strong ...
Wherever communal action can mitigate disasters against which the individual can neither attempt to guard himself nor make the provision for the consequences , such communal action should undoubtedly be taken , " - Friedrich Hayek , The Road To Serfdom ( Chapter 9 ) .
According to the current Republican orthodoxy , Friedrich Hayek was a socialist .
David Ogles continues :
The reason intellectual conservatives oppose transfer payments like welfare is that they destroy incentives to work , and may encourage attitudes of entitlement which undermine the moral strength of the country .
But universal health care does no such thing .
Being provided security against the risk of cancer does n’t make us less likely to avoid getting cancer .
It does n’t create incentives to be less healthy ( more wasteful perhaps , but in the interest of health not pecuniary gain ) .
Catastrophic disease could befall any individual at any time , nearly any of whom could not possibly prepare for it with only his or her personal wealth .
Pooling the risk among everyone is of course the most efficient and humane solution , whether done through a public option , all through private insurers , or a competition between the two ( this is why mandates are necessary ) .
There is a legitimate debate to be had about which of the three options above make the most sense for America .
All of them , however , jive with classically liberal principles , and none of them have much of a spillover effect on the free market system we ’ve built for our society .
Unfortunately arguments to justify health care reform to conservatives are unfruitful because the Republican Party is n’t run by intellectuals , but reactionary politicos who murder language and truth to blindly oppose whatever the Democratic president supports .
In wartime , might I add !
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Noam Chomsky , described by The New York Times as ' the most important intellectual alive ' , he is one of the world 's most most - cited sources in academic journals
Professor Noam Chomsky who will deliver the annual Amnesty International lecture during the Belfast Festival at Queen 's University
Far - right political groups could use rising poverty to attract support for their extremist policies , leading international commentator Noam Chomsky warned today .
Professor Chomsky met students ahead of giving the annual Amnesty International lecture as part of the Belfast Festival at Queen 's University .
He warned that in the US right - wing voices are trying to tap - in to grievances and he urged communities around the world to mobilise against poverty and inequality in their society as a safeguard against extremism .
" In the US , inequality has soared to unprecedented heights , " he said .
" There is now a mass of people with real grievances , who want answers but are not receiving them .
" The far - right is providing answers that are completely crazy : that rich liberals are giving their hard - earned money away to illegal immigrants and the shiftless poor .
" A common reaction in elite educated circles and much of the left is to ridicule the right - wing protesters , but that is a serious error .
" The correct reaction is to examine our own failures .
The grievances are quite real and should be taken seriously . "
The leading intellectual said history showed that it would be a mistake to fail to answer those calls .
" If the protesters are getting crazy answers from the hard - line right - wing extreme , the proper reaction is to provide the right answers , and do something about them , " he said .
" An organised public can achieve a great deal , as we see right now in many places .
" In South America , there are at last serious steps to confront poverty and other severe human rights abuses .
The driving force is mass popular movements .
" They are beginning to address what Amnesty calls ' the unheard truth ' : that ' poverty is the world 's worst human rights crisis , this generation 's greatest struggle ' . "
Amnesty International 's Northern Ireland programme director Patrick Corrigan said Noam Chomsky 's message is as relevant for people in Belfast as it is for those in Beirut , Baghdad or Beijing .
" We all have a responsibility to stand up for justice and to stand against those who would take away the human rights of the most vulnerable , " said the Amnesty spokesman .
" By standing together , through organisations like Amnesty International , ordinary people can make a call for justice which will be heard in all the world 's capitals . "
Belfast Telegraph
If you own land in Colorado , your rights could end a few feet from the surface .
" Split Estate , " a new documentary by filmmaker Debra Anderson , explores the boom in drilling by oil and gas companies on privately owned land in the Rocky Mountain states in recent years .
Anderson discovered U.S. law favors those who hold mineral rights over landowners .
" I could not believe that an energy company could come in on land that you own and drill at will without your permission , as close as 150 feet from your front door , " said Anderson , a Santa Fe , N.M. - based filmmaker who grew up in Boulder and graduated from Fairview High School in 1982 .
In Colorado , state law gives power of use to mineral rights owners , too .
" As long as someone has the mineral interest , then Colorado common law gives them the right to the reasonable use of the surface , " said Kim Sanchez , planning division manager for Boulder County .
" That 's where we get into issues because oftentimes , when the ( oil and gas company ) owns the mineral interests the surface owner may not even be aware that someone else has those rights on their property . "
More specifically , " Split Estate " details the oil and gas industry 's controversial method of extracting minerals , called " fracking , " and the adverse health effects many people claim they have suffered because of the drilling method .
Fracking is short for hydraulic fracturing , a process that includes injecting a mixture of sand , water and chemicals underground in order to release the desired oil or gas .
According to the film , fracking was first developed in the 1940s by Haliburton , the energy - services company whose former CEO was Dick Cheney .
" Split Estate " premieres at 6 p.m. Saturday during Discovery 's Reel Impact series on Planet Green .
It will repeat at 9 p.m. Oct. 22 .
The film includes several interviews with people who have suffered significant health problems after oil and gas companies began drilling on or near their land .
The affected families speculate that toxic chemicals used in fracking , or natural gas released during the drilling , leaked into their water supply and led to their illnesses .
Oil and gas firms say such assertions are unproven .
Amy Mall , senior policy analyst with the Natural Resource Defense Council , said air quality has been negatively affected due to increased drilling in recent years , too .
" In the Denver - metro area it 's become an issue with ozone which is harmful to human health , " Mall said .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Much of " Split Estate " was shot in Rifle , Colo. , and Garfield County commissioners there delayed a decision on proposed fracking legislation last month so they could view the film and take more time to explore the issue .
Closer to home , Weld County , east of Boulder County , is the second - busiest county in Colorado for drilling nowadays , according to statistics from the Colorado Oil and Gas Conservation Commission .
More than 3,200 permits for new drilling in Weld County were filed during the past 20 months .
In Boulder County , there are roughly 270 currently producing wells , according to the COGCC .
Most are in the northeastern part of the county .
That 's because the Wattenberg Field , the country 's sixth - largest underground deposit of natural gas , stretches into that corner of the county .
Roughly 115 oil and gas wells are currently operating on Boulder County Open Space .
" Quite a bit of the land that we have purchased in the eastern part of the county had oil and gas leases on it when we purchased the land , which means oil and gas companies have a right to drill there , " said Ron Stewart , director of Boulder County Parks and Open Spaces .
Stewart said county officials work with the oil and gas companies to try and mitigate environmental impacts the drilling process may have , especially on the agriculture that typically surrounds the drill sites .
Fracking is largely unregulated on a federal level .
Critics point to the Bush - Cheney administration 's decision to exempt fracking from Environmental Protection Agency oversight in the Safe Drinking Water Act , passed in 2005 .
Oil and gas companies do not have to disclose which chemicals they use during fracking .
In the past , oil and gas companies have argued against regulation of the chemicals used in fracking , saying that there is no hard evidence of contamination and that new regulations would force a cutback in drilling , reduce domestic sources of oil and gas and hurt the U.S. economy .
Legislation introduced into Congress in June by Rep. Diana DeGette ( D - Colo. ) , and co-sponsored by Jared Polis ( D - Colo . ) seeks to close the fracking loophole in the Safe Drinking Water Act .
" Families , communities and local governments are upset that the safety of their water has been compromised by a special interest exemption , " Polis said in a press release .
" It is irresponsible to stand by while innocent people are getting sick because of an industry exemption that Dick Cheney snuck in to our nation 's energy policy .
Many new sources of energy , including natural gas , will play an important role in our nation 's transition to cleaner fuels , but we must make sure this is n't at the expense of public health . "
I do n't care who you are , in the end after listening to these teabaggers , birthers , right winged extremists , you can not help but wonder do they really want the President killed .
All this white noise out here is not good for this country and just rev up the racists and bigots in this country .
Case and point , all these people have grabbed either Barack Obama is not a citizen to healthcare to hide behind these excuses to exude how they really feel and it is plainly racist .
Saw this on Keith last night and sadly , this is how I feel in the back of my mind .
Keith with Dan Savage .
MSNBC Video
Transcript
Home Page
Dog :
What 's the matter , Connor ?
We are n't allowed to wear sweatpants to school anymore cuz too many kids were gettin pantsed .
Man , you really like sweatpants , huh ?
Yeah man !
More like SWEETPANTS !!
I do n't know what it 's like to wear pants .
And I do n't sweat !
When I get hot I just pant .
Pantpants !
Whoa .
Dogs : be careful not to get your pantpants pantsed !
( CNN ) -- Several people who traveled from New York to Pakistan last year with a man accused of plotting a terrorist attack have since returned to the United States , sources close to the investigation told CNN .
Terror suspect Najibullah Zazi , seen here September 17 , is accused of plotting to bomb a New York target .
A grand jury has been in session in New York in the last week as further charges are considered in the expanding terror investigation , CNN learned .
Najibullah Zazi , 24 , appeared in federal court last week .
He pleaded not guilty to charges of conspiring with others to detonate explosives in the United States .
Prosecutors allege that on August 28 , 2008 , Zazi and others flew to Peshawar , Pakistan , a city with a strong Taliban and al Qaeda presence .
Those currently under surveillance in the United States include members of Zazi 's travel group , according to one source familiar with the investigation .
Another source said at least some of the travel group are back in the United States .
Officials will not discuss the identity , number or location of those under surveillance .
One of those under round - the - clock surveillance is Queens , New York , resident Naiz Khan .
He and Zazi were friends as teenagers and Zazi stayed at Khan 's rented apartment on September 10 after driving to New York from Denver .
Khan said he has been caught up in the investigation by a series of coincidences .
One was that he happened to meet Zazi at a local mosque hours after Zazi arrived in New York last month and offered him a place to stay .
He said another coincidence was that he had flown back to the United States from Pakistan on the same day as Zazi : January 15 .
In an interview with CNN , Khan said he had not flown to Pakistan with Zazi , but had been visiting family in Karachi as he does every year .
He showed CNN his passport , which had an entry stamp for Karachi for November 4 .
Federal investigators found backpacks and a scale when they raided Khan 's apartment soon after Zazi stayed there .
In the past , scales have been used to measure ingredients for explosives ; backpacks were used in the terrorist attacks in Madrid in 2004 and London in 2005 .
Khan said he had never seen the scale and that the backpacks had been a gift to his uncle , who also lives in the apartment , from a store .
He said his uncle planned to send them to children in Pakistan .
Khan said Zazi told him he was visiting New York to deal with a business issue related to a permit for a coffee cart that he owned .
He also said Zazi visited New York several months previously .
Khan said he was shocked at the accusations against Zazi .
" He used to enjoy his life and was very happy and never -- I never heard anything from him like that , " Khan said .
Watch Khan say he did n't know Zazi was in Pakistan at the same time he was »
Sources close to the Zazi investigation said it is continuing at full throttle .
" No one will tell you that we have our arms around this , " one source said .
Meanwhile , a grand jury in New York is hearing evidence and testimony , CNN has learned .
One of those who has appeared before the grand jury is Zazi 's uncle , Naqib Jaji .
He told CNN at his home in Aurora , Colorado , that he and his wife Rabia Zazi were flown to New York by the federal government last week , and he had testified for several hours .
Najibullah Zazi spent several months living with the couple after moving to Colorado from New York at the beginning of this year .
Sources will not discuss whether the grand jury is considering additional charges against Zazi or charges against others .
One source close to the investigation said Zazi was a " committed jihadist " and that his plans were well advanced .
After Zazi appeared in a New York courtroom last week , his attorney , J. Michael Dowling , said he had not seen " any evidence whatsoever of an agreement between Mr. Zazi and another person , which is the essence of a conspiracy charge . "
CNN 's Kathleen Johnston and Jim Spellman in Denver , Colorado ; Kiran Khalid in New York and CNN Terrorism Analyst Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report .
All About Najibullah Zazi • Terrorism • Pakistan
Advertisements
Palin did actually show up for her CLSA Hong Kong speaking engagement !
Let ’s take a moment to congratulate her for this fine accomplishment .
Showing up is half the battle , especially with her track record .
Palin gave a speech written for her by Randy Scheunemann , McCain ’s fired campaign foreign policy advisor — and reportedly the only person who sympathized with her on the campaign trail .
Well , Randy had help writing it from two other people ( an expert on China and a DC lawyer ) , because you know it takes a village to regurgitate conservative ideas and attack the President on foreign soil .
Apparently .
Randy is also with her in Hong Kong , which is nice , since Randy gave up his career as a serious campaign aide when he turned on John McCain publicly in order to support the nicknamed “ Little Shop of Horrors ” , aka : Sarah Palin .
Advertisements
“ Claiming to speak for Main Street USA , and the “ little guys ” ignored by Washington and Wall Street , Palin launched into what she claimed to be “ common - sense conservatism ” .
She delivered long but not very eloquent diatribes against politicians in general as well as government interference in the economy , the health care plans of US President Barak Obama and the very notion of income redistribution . ”
I ’m sure the Dixie Chicks are shocked to see Palin get away with criticizing our President on foreign soil during war !
Head ’s up , girls , accusing a President of being a Socialist Commie income redistributing Marxist Hitler is the new definition of patriotism !
I only hope Palin brought her tea - bagging hat to wear with her charming Mao- collared jacket .
I do so appreciate people who take fashion dares .
Well , let ’s hope that was more fashion statement than pregnancy cover up , as we do n’t need any more wild plane rides with leaking amniotic fluid to detract from Palin ’s real message ….
Which is that she is AGAINST the democratically elected President … in case you missed her healthcare lies and other sore loseriness post-election .
Even almost a year later , Sarah often wistfully laments “ John and I came in second ” .
Um , well , John came in second , cuz technically , Sarah was n’t running for President .
Just wonderin’ here , has anyone ever told her ?
“ She was against the Obama administration ’s tariff on importing tires from China , ” Nicola Maino , head of equity team , at Euromobiliare Asset Management SGR based in Milan .
“ In her opinion it was the wrong approach .
Her approach would be more cooperation with China . ”
http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601080&sid=acuXO.GJcM4Y
Yes , tire tariffs !
That ’s the ticket !
It ’s not about the Muslim stuff or his neighbors – it ’s the dang tire tariffs !
See , she does have a position !
Nasty liberals .
It ’s not racist to attack a war president on foreign soil over tire tariffs !
It ’s only racist if you say the “ n ” word , which Sarah has n’t done on camera in over a year , so do n’t you dare play the race card !
I am confused over this one little bitty thing .
When she talks to the “ little people ” she ’s always chanting about how she supports buying American , so why is she criticizing Obama for a tariff imposed on tires meant to protect American jobs during a huge recession ?
And now she wants more cooperation with China ?
Ok .
Are n’t they the bad guys she ’s always warning us about ?
What about our Pro-America bumper stickers and our Red Hatred ?
Is it possible she ’s just a puppet ?
( All you Ween fans should insert strains of “ You ’re just an object to me ” here , just for fun ) .
Puppets never speak for the little guy .
Or “ moms and pops ” .
No matter if they are from the pro-America places or not .
Puppets only speak for their corporate master .
Which is sort of like being a Fascist only with real responsibilities .
Or something .
“ Chad Tendler , who works in the financial industry , said , “ her speech was “ very well scripted , ” but a question - and - answer session afterward “ brought out a bit more color about her as a person ” and reminded everyone of “ the candidate who we all saw campaigning for vice president . ” ”
http://edition.cnn.com/2009/POLITICS/09/23/palin.hongkong/
Translation ?
Puppet no good when talking on own .
More work needed on new model .
Carry on .
“ She clearly felt that her audience of fund managers and investment bankers needed to learn from her numerous achievements as ( until she resigned ) governor of Alaska .
And an international audience needed reminding of the dangers of Islamic terrorism . ”
Oh , dear .
I thought her speechwriter , Randy , would have done a better job than this of preparing a speech meant for international investors .
Hint : Proud ignorance is an American value , not an international value .
Some countries , having already suffered as a result of Poujadism , are n’t so charmed by faux populism , winks and shout - outs .
You can listen for yourself if you want …
Her mainstreet populism did n’t get the response it would have at say , a tea bagging function , where the folks do n’t know the difference between an AIP Libertarian Liberty Tree fighter and Ronald Reagan .
http://www.breitbart.tv/first-video-sarah-palin-explains-main-street-usa-in-hong-kong-speech/
“ But the speech blackout makes nonsense of Palin ’s own claims to honest debate . ”
Sigh .
We know .
Palin says a lot about freedoms and debate and speakin’ directly to the people and yet she insists all questions be pre-approved .
Honest debate ?
Not so much .
Yes , even this speech , blacked out to the press and accompanied by warnings to the delegates not to record her in any way , she tries desperately to control her image .
Why do Republicans keep thinking they can manipulate technology the way they do people ?
Suffice it to say , someone twittered her Un - American comments about our President ’s tire tariff !
But you saw that coming a mile away .
The Murdoch owned Wall Street Journal somehow got a copy of the speech ( wink wink ) and printed parts of it , pretty much without comment .
Almost as if they were running a publicity department for Palin .
Oh , I kid !
I kid !
I do n’t remember the Fox News scandals of reporting the McCain campaign talking points as news … no , no , it ’s all fun and games , I ’m sure .
Perhpas this is how Murdoch plans to sell Sarah to a hopefully ADD segment of voters , but one wonders if they merely reprint a speech written for her by someone else , how exactly are they selling Sarah ?
Oh , the puppet again .
Got it .
“ “ We have much in common with Hong Kong .
We ’re both young and transient , independent and libertarian .
Places that continue to show the world , the power and the resilience of the free market system at a time when too many are questioning it .
So for Alaska , which is the air crossroads of the world , to this prosperous dynamic force in the world , Hong Kong , I bring good tidings , wishes for more blessing and vibrant life and even more freedom . ” ”
http://blogs.wsj.com/washwire/2009/09/23/palins-bridge-to-hong-kong/
So , she ’s equating Alaska with Hong Kong here and noting that both are Libertarian .
What a great shout out to her John Bircher friends and the AIP !
Neither of which are represented at the CLSA …. but hey , it ’s a start .
A Libertarian Puppet to divide the ticket in 2012 ?
I can get behind this idea , but I ’m sure the Republicans will claim the Poujadist Puppet as their own , desperate as they are for what passes as charisma within the GOP .
“ It closed the speech to the press because she indicated she would say different things if reporters were present , Agence - France Presse reported Sept. 21 , citing Jonathan Slone , CLSA ’s chief executive officer . ”
“ Some of those who attended …. walked out early in disgust …
Two US delegates left early , with one saying ” It was awful , we could n’t stand it any longer ” .
He declined to be identified .
According to delegates , she said US President Barack Obama ’s administration worsened an already difficult situation when earlier this month he imposed duties on Chinese tire imports blamed for costing American jobs …
As fund managers we want to hear about the United States as a whole , not just about Alaska .
And she criticized Obama a lot but offered no solutions . ”
Another said he was disappointed that she took only pre-arranged questions . ”
http://www.thestandard.com.hk/breaking_news_detail.asp?id=16571&icid=3&d_str=20090923
To be fair , Agence_France Presse may still be harboring the distinct image of Palin as an international joke over the Sarkozy prank of Mrs. Palin last year , wherein Palin , who did n’t get a passport until 2007 , did n’t recognize the clearly fake French accent of a radio host pretending to be Sarkozy while praising Palin ’s work in a pornographic film .
Palin giggled in response .
Rather unnerving for a VP candidate .
Give the woman a break !
She ’s trying to falsely equate herself with the President in a desperate attempt to seem Presidential !
I mean , the man simply will not pay attention to her !
She screams “ Death Panels ” and he just bats away the buzzing gnat .
It ’s frustrating for a person who ’s used to getting what she wants from men .
She tried seeming presidential on her own ; who could forget her Turkey Pardoning video , meant to emulate the annual Presidential turkey pardon !
Of course , we all remember how that turned out …
At least we can be grateful to Palin for turning scores of children into vegetarians after witnessing the bloody turkey slaughter on live TV .
So , it ’s better if the person who quit her first term as governor mid-term let ’s fired McCain aide Randy write speeches for her that she does n’t understand and refuses to take questions on and then takes desperate shots at the President ’s tire tariff .
That ’s a heck of a lot more Presidential than the alternative !
Hey , looks like the Republicans can claim : ” Mission Accomplished ” again , because they ’ve managed to prove once again that they hate America when they lose the election .
Republicans dishonoring America internationally out of spite ; Just another day in a Democratic President ’s term .
BEIRUT , Lebanon —
After a quiet summer in Lebanon , two back - to - back developments have reminded everyone here of the precariousness of the peace .
Two rockets launched from southern Lebanon landed in northern Israel Friday afternoon , triggering retaliatory fire from the Israeli side into Lebanon .
Israeli warplanes roamed the skies as United Nations peacekeepers cordoned off the launch area near Lebanon 's southern port city of Tyre .
No casualties were reported on either side .
It 's the first time since February that rocket fire has hit Israel from Lebanon .
The border area was the scene of intense combat for 33 days in 2006 between the Iranian - backed militant group Hezbollah and Israeli forces .
But since then Hezbollah has denied responsibility for sporadic , isolated rocket fire , and the Israelis have agreed .
They attribute the provocations to small Palestinian militant groups .
But the Israelis did make their displeasure clear .
On Friday night , a caller identifying himself as the " Israeli government " warned in a recorded phone call on Lebanese home landlines not to " support any Islamic groups that attack Israel . "
The rocket fire comes as both Hezbollah and Israel have ratcheted up rhetoric in the past few weeks .
" The IDF considers the Lebanese government and Lebanese military as accountable to prevent such attacks , " said the Israeli Defense Forces spokesperson in a statement after the rockets attacks .
The only problem with that statement is there is n't much of a government to speak of in Lebanon .
After a summer of backroom negotiations over the formation of a cabinet , Lebanon appears to be headed for yet another political crisis .
Saad Hariri , the designated prime minister , stepped down Thursday from his appointment as premier , saying he was unable to form a unity cabinet because of the opposition ’s demands .
Hariri was selected to form a cabinet by his U.S. - and Saudi Arabian - backed coalition , which won in June parliamentary elections against the Hezbollah - led and Syrian and Iranian - backed opposition .
Some attribute the logjam to the chilling of the regional warmth that had gathered in the wake of Barack Obama 's election to the U.S. presidency .
Regional antagonists Syria and Saudi Arabia had begun talking again .
The U.S. made new overtures to Iran and Syria .
But now , it seems , tensions are surfacing , with Lebanon serving as a kind of canary in the coal mine .
Hariri will almost certainly be nominated again to assemble a cabinet , but he may leave the opposition out of the lineup , which could lead to a similar situation as in the dark days of 2006 and 2007 , when the country was wracked by car bombs and assassinations after the opposition called for Hariri 's majority ruling coalition to step down .
Another disturbing deja vu is that the tiny , gas rich , power - brokering nation of Qatar has offered its services once again to save Lebanon ’s bickering politicians from themselves .
The emirate , which has a population of 400,000 and 10 percent of all the natural gas reserves in the world , leading it to have one of the highest per capita incomes , announced that it would be willing to host a dialogue session between the embittered Lebanese parties .
Qatar is one of the few neutral countries in the region , and juggles friendly relations with Iran while also hosting the U.S. Central Command 's headquarters a few miles away from the Al Jazeera satellite broadcasting channel headquarters .
It would n’t be the first time Qatar has stepped in to mediate .
In May 2008 the emirate hosted a dialogue session that broke through 18 months of political deadlock that had led to the brink of civil war .
" We hope that the Lebanese will find a solution but we are ready to help them if that becomes necessary , " said Qatari Prime and Foreign Minister Sheikh Hamad Ben Jassem Ben Jabr al - Thani after talks with French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
Qatar hosted the last dialogue after two years of the Bush administration ’s confrontational policies in the region gave way to a more conciliatory tone .
That shift only increased with Obama ’s presidency .
It ’s doubtful the U.S. will return to similar policies anytime soon , but the underlying causes of Lebanon ’s and the region ’s instability have not been resolved .
Until there is a final agreement on the Arab - Israeli conflict , Lebanon appears doomed to suffer the ebbs and flows of regional relations and instability .
As Determined by the Oppressed People
Prejudice does not always come with an ugly face .
The same holds for Zionism and racism .
It is entirely possible for well - intentioned people to hold a prejudice and , even worse , act on held prejudices .
Uri Avnery opposes the brutality inflicted on Palestinians .
He campaigns for peace with Palestinians .
But he also has a Zionist past .
He is European born and fought for the terrorist Irgun in perpetration of a holocaust ( Nakba ) against Palestinans .
He later renounced Irgun ’s tactics .
He is antiwar , but he is not anti-the fruits of war .
He approves of a two state solution .
In other words , Israeli Jews will keep the fruits of their dispossessing others — this while continuing to press for the return of what they were dispossessed .
Avnery advocates selective use of tactics against Zionism .
This is apparent when it comes to an international boycott of Israel .
Avnery states that no one is better qualified than South African archbishop Desmond Tutu to answer this question .
What does Tutu say ?
He has called on the international community to treat Israel as it treated apartheid South Africa .
Tutu supports the divestment campaign against Israel .
Avnery ’s fellow Israeli , Neve Gordon , agrees that it is time for a boycott .
Avnery laments , “ I am sorry that I cannot agree with him this time – neither about the similarity with South Africa nor about the efficacy of a boycott of Israel . ”
Indeed , the apartheids — while in many respects similar — are also different .
Gary Zaztman pointed to a key difference :
For all its serious and undoubted evils and the numerous crimes against humanity committed in its name , including physical slaughters , South African white - racist apartheid was not premised on committing genocide .
Zionism , on the other hand , has been committed to dissolving the social , cultural , political and economic integrity of the Palestinian people , i.e. , genocide , from the outset , at least as early as Theodor Herzl ’s injunction in his diaries that the “ transfer ” of the Palestinian “ penniless population ” elsewhere be conducted “ discreetly and circumspectly . ”
Boycotts as a Tactic against Racism
Avnery says
Tutu told him :
“ The boycott was immensely important , much more than the armed struggle . ”
But it was the revolutionary , Nelson Mandela , who refused to give up the right to armed struggle , who negotiated the dismantling of South African apartheid .
Tutu also told Avnery , “ The importance of the boycott was not only economic but also moral . ”
Avnery writes ,
“ It seems to me that Tutu ’s answer emphasizes the huge difference between the South African reality at the time and ours today . ”
So what is Avnery saying ?
First he states that Tutu is best qualified person to speak to the effectiveness of boycotting as a tool in the fight against racism , then he says Tutu has it wrong .
So is Avnery saying , then , that he is best qualified to speak on the effectiveness of boycotts against racism ?
Avnery fears that Israeli Jews will feel “ the whole world is against us . ”
However , is n’t that , in a sense , what the purpose is : to show that the whole world is against Jewish racism against Palestinians ?
It must be emphasized that the world is not against Jews , as Israeli propaganda would choose to portray it .
Although he does n’t specifically state it , Avnery is using a version of the anti-Semitism smear : if you are against anything Israel does , then you are against Israelis .
Hence , you are anti-Semitic .
This grotesque perversion of morality and logic holds that to be against racism toward Palestinians makes one anti-Semitic .
Avnery admits , “ In South Africa , the world - wide boycott helped in strengthening the majority and steeling [ sic ] it for the struggle .
The impact of a boycott on Israel would be the exact opposite : it would push the large majority into the arms of the extreme right and create a fortress mentality against the ‘ anti- Semitic world ’ .
( The boycott would , of course , have a different impact on the Palestinians , but that is not the aim of those who advocate it . ) ”
Avnery merely states what is the current status quo .
Israel is already hunkered down in an extreme right fortress mentality .
The boycott is not the cause .
Avnery fixates on the population dynamics .
What is the relevance of majority and minority in Avnery ’s reasoning ?
It would seem that Palestinians being in the minority – and the fact that the Palestinians support the boycott – to be even greater reason for international support of the boycott .
Who and what is Avnery supporting : Palestinians from racism or Israeli Jews from the economic effects and moral stigma of an international boycott ?
As for the aim of the boycott campaign : “ to deny Israel the financial means to continue to kill Palestinians and occupy the lands . ”
Avnery raises “ the Holocaust ” arguing that Jewish suffering has imprinted itself deeply on the Jewish soul .
That the Nazis rounded up Jews in concentration was a moral outrage .
But what is the lesson of World War II ?
That suffering imposed on any identifiable group of people is evil and wrong , or that one group can appropriate a holocaust , make it their own , and use past suffering as a shield to inflict a holocaust on another people ?
Avnery argues that boycotting Jews will remind them of Nazism , but when Jews use Nazi - type techniques what should they be reminded of ?
Avnery says it is okay to boycott of the product of the “ settlements . ”
He draws a distinction between “ settlers ” ( i.e. , “ colonisers ” ) and other Israeli Jews .
How then does Avnery rationalize the fact that the “ settlers ” are in the West Bank ?
Avnery asserts , “ Those who call for a boycott act out of despair .
And that is the root of the matter . ”
Indeed , despair is life for many Palestinians under occupation or in refugee camps .
Avnery states that an international boycott would be difficult to achieve , and the US would not be behind it .
It was not easy to achieve against the apartheid regimes in South Africa either .
Is that a reason not to try ?
Did not the US oppose a boycott of South Africa ?
Yes , it might take a long time .
But times do change .
The US ( and its western allies ’s ) recalcitrance was steam rolled in Venezuela , Cuba , Bolivia , and elsewhere .
Empires have risen and fallen throughout history .
Avnery finds that the tactic of boycotting is “ an example of a faulty diagnosis leading to faulty treatment .
To be precise : the mistaken assumption that the Israeli - Palestinian conflict resembles the South African experience leads to a mistaken choice of strategy . ”
Avnery continues , “ In South Africa there was total agreement between the two sides about the unity of the country .
The struggle was about the regime .
Both Whites and Blacks considered themselves South Africans and were determined to keep the country intact .
The Whites did not want partition , and indeed could not want it , because their economy was based on the labor of the Blacks . ”
Seems there is some faulty analysis going on .
“ Whites did not want partition ” ?
How can Avnery state something so factually inaccurate ?
What were Venda , Lebowa , the Bantustans , if not sections of South Africa partitioned off by the White government ?
Furthermore , that Zionism is now no longer dependent on Palestinian labor does not mask that it at one time was dependent on such labor ;
Avnery is cherry picking in his argument .
Denying Palestinians the right to work in historical Palestine is a tactic that evolved from Zionism .
Also , how is it that Avnery can argue against an international boycott of Israel when Israel maintains a crushing illegal embargo against Palestinians – a war crime ?
As long as Israel uses such a tactic , then resistance through boycott , certainly , is legitimate .
Avnery says Israeli Jews and Palestinian Arabs have nothing in common .
However , this same lack of commonality was true between White and Black South Africans as well .
Nonetheless , I take exception with the thrust of such argumentation .
It prepares the ground for racism .
Israeli Jews , Palestinians , Black and White South Africans are all humans .
They all eat , work , sleep , have dreams , have families .
This should be reason enough to act humanely toward each other : love of humanity .
It is entirely possible to embrace our shared humanity and respect diversity .
Avnery concludes , “ In short : the two conflicts are fundamentally different .
Therefore , the methods of struggle , too , must necessarily be different . ”
This is logically flawed reasoning , much like the logical and moral flaw that being a victim of a genocide minimizes one ’s own culpability in a subsequent genocide .
One suspects that Avnery may well be the victim of a pained conscience and cognitive dissonance .
I submit that the two “ conflicts ” are fundamentally similar .
Fundamentally , colonial Israel and colonial South Africa share these hallmarks : a racially , culturally , spiritually , linguistically different group of outsiders through preponderant violence dispossessed Indigenous peoples of their homeland , and set up an apartheid system which humiliates the Indigenous peoples and privileges the occupiers .
Avnery focuses on certain “ fundamentals ” — which I submit are not fundamentals but nuances — that he considers different .
Avnery ’s solution lies with “ a comprehensive and detailed peace plan ” from US president Barack Obama and “ the full persuasive power of the United States ” to lead to “ a path of peace with Palestine . ”
Avnery remembers well previous US - backed peace plans , like Oslo and the Roadmap .
Why , then , does he cast his audacious hope on AIPAC appeaser Obama ?
Avnery hopes that Israeli Jews will realize that peace with Palestinians is the way ?
The peace activist touts a solution that has failed and been rejected many times .
He rejects a solution that worked in South African because of the sensibilities of the oppressors .
But let us examine Avnery ’s logic that fundamentally different “ conflicts ” demand different struggles .
Oppression is overthrown by struggle .
Fundamentally different “ conflicts ” can succeed through similar struggles .
As one example , revolutionaries overthrew an American - backed dictatorship in Cuba through armed struggle and Cuban revoluntionaries defeated South African forces in Angola through armed struggle .
In his article ’s finale , seemingly assured of his own argumentation over the person he deems the best qualified authority on boycotts as a tool to overcome apartheid , Avnery points to a prayer of Tutu ’s – a prayer that would serve all of us well :
“ Dear God , when I am wrong , please make me willing to see my mistake .
And when I am right – please make me tolerable to live with . ”
Hopefully , Avnery abides by such humbleness when he sees the error of his ways as well .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
Yes , there are death panels .
Its members wo n’t even know whose deaths they are causing .
But under the health care bill sponsored by Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus , Montana Democrat , death panels will indeed exist - oh so cleverly disguised as accountants .
The offending provision is on Pages 80 - 81 of the unamended Baucus bill , hidden amid a lot of similar legislative mumbo- jumbo about Medicare payments to doctors .
The key sentence : “ Beginning in 2015 , payment would be reduced by five percent if an aggregation of the physician ’s resource use is at or above the 90th percentile of national utilization . ”
Translated into plain English , it means that in any year in which a particular doctor ’s average per-patient Medicare costs are in the top 10 percent in the nation , the feds will cut the doctor ’s payments by 5 percent .
Forget results .
This provision makes no account for the results of care , its quality or even its efficiency .
It just says that if a doctor authorizes expensive care , no matter how successfully , the government will punish him by scrimping on what already is a low reimbursement rate for treating Medicare patients .
The incentive , therefore , is for the doctor always to provide less care for his patients for fear of having his payments docked .
And because no doctor will know who falls in the top 10 percent until year ’s end , or what total average costs will break the 10 percent threshold , the pressure will be intense to withhold care , and withhold care again , and then withhold it some more .
Or at least to prescribe cheaper care , no matter how much less effective , in order to avoid the penalties .
The National Right to Life Committee concludes that this provision will cause a “ death spiral ” by “ ensur[ing ] that doctors are forced to ration care for their senior citizen patients . ”
Every 10th doctor in the country will fall victim to it .
Libertarian columnist Nat Hentoff calls the provision “ insidious ” and writes that “ the nature of our final exit ” will be very much at risk .
For all the trouble to the doctors and all the added risks to elderly patients , this provision will raise just $ 1 billion over six years for the federal Treasury .
That does n’t account , though , for the added costs to the government - and thus to taxpayers - of tracking all this data per doctor and per patient , and then trying to collect the penalties from doctors after they already have been paid for their services .
This is far from the only part of Baucus - Pelosi - Obamacare that would almost certainly lead to rationing of care , especially for the elderly .
The proposed “ health care exchange , ” along with Obamacare ’s independent review panels and a national health board , will be empowered to make aggregate decisions - based on statistics , not on an individual patient ’s needs - about what sorts of care will be allowed and what wo n’t .
As it is in Great Britain , where thousands of cancer patients each year die prematurely due to lack of treatment , the inevitable result of government care could be the same for many Americans as if an actual panel decided case - by - case to euthanize them .
The Baucus provision would only exacerbate this bureaucratic preference for death by proxy .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
The Great Forever Tomorrow is the second project by Kiwi Productions .
It requires Half Life 2 Episode 2 to play .
It is a singleplayer adventure through a surreal underground fortress .
Features : * Original textures , complete with normal mapping .
* Original voice acting and music .
* Two new guns !
* A story that makes sense ( i.e. better than what Gateways , our first project , had ) .
* A variety of gameplay ( more than just combat ) .
* Surreal and over the top environments .
From the hillsides of extinct volcanoes in Arizona to the jagged peaks of Idaho , aspen trees are falling by the tens of thousands , the latest example of how climate change is dramatically altering the American West .
Starting seven years ago , foresters noticed massive aspen die - offs caused by parasitical insects , one of them so rare it is hardly even written about in scientific literature .
But with warming temperatures and the effects of a brutal drought still lingering , the parasites are flourishing at the expense of the tree , beloved for its slender branches and heart - shaped leaves that turn a brilliant yellow in autumn .
What foresters have termed Sudden Aspen Decline affects more than just aesthetics .
Aspen trees provide a rich habitat for birds , elk , deer and other animals .
The grasses that sprout under them -- up to 2,000 pounds per acre -- hold water that is needed by metropolitan areas .
The trees do not burn easily and create natural firebreaks in forests already ravaged by the pine bark beetle -- another parasite that is thriving because of global warming .
“ It ’s just rolling through the forests , ” Wayne Shepperd , an aspen specialist at Colorado State University , said of SAD .
Advertisement
Noting the number of other changes to Western vegetation due to warmer , drier temperatures , he added : “ Everything ’s happening all at once .
We ’re living in interesting times here . ”
The decline of the tree is most visible in Colorado , which has seen nearly 500,000 acres afflicted by SAD -- nearly a fifth of its aspen groves .
Hillsides that used to draw tourists in the fall to gaze at the flickering aspen leaves are now populated only by the trees ’ pale skeletons .
Remote Paonia sits in the midst of the state ’s aspen belt , with the lush , heavily forested West Elk Mountains to the east and the enormous plateau known as Grand Mesa due west .
Advertisement
But the flaming yellows that normally paint these landmasses have been replaced this year by the gray of bare branches .
Neal Schwieterman , Paonia ’s mayor , said people have been abuzz over conditions in Kebler Pass , home to the biggest stand of aspens in the state .
“ Only the lower levels had any aspen changing , ” he said .
“ There was nothing to look at high . . . .
This is the least color year I can remember . ”
The most vulnerable trees grow on sunny , south - facing lower elevations , where warmer temperatures wear down the trees ’ resistance to pests .
And though the largest number of deaths is in Colorado -- which has the most aspens -- the effect can be even more severe in places like Nevada , Arizona or California that have small bands of aspen .
Advertisement
Even before aspen trees began their abrupt die - off , the tree was under duress in the West .
Scientists estimate that the trees covered 10 million acres in the 19th century ; now the number is 4 million .
That ’s mainly because humans have been so successful at preventing wildfires .
Regular blazes would have knocked down old aspen trunks -- freeing up new stems to emerge from the roots , where aspens regenerate .
The lack of fires has also led to a sharp rise in big conifers , which crowd out aspens .
Finally , animal grazing has killed some of the younger aspens trying to survive .
Advertisement
Dale Bartos , a Utah - based scientist with the federal Rocky Mountain Research Station , described the one stand in Lassen National Forest in Northern California , where fencing protects nine tiny aspen bulbs from foraging animals .
“ We ’re seeing these really extreme situations , where that ’s all that ’s left , ” he said .
Now SAD is accelerating that loss .
The syndrome was discovered in Colorado when rangers in two national forests in the southwestern corner of the state noticed disturbing die - offs in formerly lush stands .
Advertisement
Researchers concluded that warmer temperatures stressed trees , especially older ones that had n’t been swept away by fire .
They identified four parasites and one wasting disease that are now flourishing in the stands .
One of the parasites , the aspen bark beetle , is so rare that it had only been mentioned once before in an academic paper , scientists say .
“ If the aspen were vigorous , these things would just be taking a minor role , ” said Jim Worrall , a plant pathologist for the U.S. Forest Service .
The Terror Creek drainage west of Paonia , one area where SAD was first identified , remains the focus of an intensive research project on whether the syndrome can be halted .
Researchers are testing whether cutting down older aspen trees in affected areas can combat the syndrome .
Advertisement
The remaining , younger shoots are less susceptible to SAD .
Shepperd has worked on the project and has been discouraged by the results so far .
In stands with little SAD , the cutting approach -- which he likens to amputation -- has shown some success .
But the syndrome and its accompanying parasites and disease have moved so fast that stands that once had low levels of exposure are now almost entirely affected .
“ We looked at the data and said , ‘ Oh my God , ’ ” Shepperd said .
On a recent autumn afternoon , Levi Broyles , the forest ranger who oversees the Terror Creek area , drove up a rutted dirt road through the drainage , revealing stunning views of the western slope of the Rocky Mountains .
Advertisement
In the foreground , however , were acres of denuded aspens .
Broyles , a laconic native Westerner , gestured at the dead forest .
“ Because of all the development down in the valley , this is the winter range ” for elk and deer , he said .
Left unsaid :
The once - shady ground under the dead and dying aspen would dry out in the sun , and the vegetation that would replace the lush grasses could be inedible to some animals .
They would have to look for their sustenance elsewhere , or starve .
He stopped at one stand of trees hit moderately by SAD -- 20 % to 60 % of the aspens were infected .
Advertisement
He pointed to a saplike substance oozing from the bark of one tree , a sign of a borer eating away at it from inside .
Another tree ’s bark was peeling , a sign of the disease Ceratocystis canker .
Broyles spoke matter - of - factly about the die - off but allowed that it had affected him .
“ Forty percent of my half - million acres is aspen habitat , ” he said .
Advertisement
“ It ’s definitely near and dear to my heart . ”
He drove back down to Paonia .
At the Forest Service station , receptionist Anne Williams asked where he had been .
When Broyles replied that he ’d been up at Terror Creek , she said people had been calling asking where they could see fall color .
Was there any color at Terror Creek ?
“ No , ” Broyles said tersely .
“ Terror Creek is gone . ”
-
Advertisement
nicholas.riccardi@latimes.com
The elderly , the young , and the frequently exposed are being advised to get vaccinated against H1N1 flu virus this year , due to predictions of a possible influenza epidemic .
A new law in New York requires nurses and doctors to receive the vaccination by the end of November .
A band of four nurses in Albany , however , is taking a stand against mandated vaccination .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I have had more staff that have become ill after the flu vaccines this year than coworkers that have actually come down with the illness , ” Lorna Patterson , a nurse at Albany Medical Center ’s emergency room , told news network WTEN .
Patterson is one of the nurses who is filing a lawsuit this week against the state .
She and her coworkers hope that they can stop the state from enforcing the mandatory vaccinations .
Currently , New York is telling health care workers that if they are n’t vaccinated by October 27th , they face a week ’s suspension without pay ; any employee not vaccinated by the state deadline , November 30th , will be terminated .
“ Receiving the vaccine does n’t mean you ’re not going to get the flu , ” Patterson adds .
She claims that she has only received an influenza vaccination once in 28 years of nursing and for the most part prefers ‘ proper hygiene ’ over a vaccine .
A coworker , Katheryn Dupuis , feels similarly wary about the H1N1 vaccine .
“ We ’re going to lose our jobs if we do not get this vaccine , ” Dupuis says .
“ There are hundreds of coworkers of ours that feel just as strongly against the vaccine . ”
The resistance to mandated vaccination stems from the speedy discovery , research , and approval process that the H1N1 vaccine passed through after this past year ’s swine flu scare .
The nurses filing suit claim that the vaccine was “ rushed ” .
Many vaccines face a year of testing and research before they are available to the public , but the H1N1 vaccine was put into massive production more quickly than most .
One of the only vaccines to be required for health care workers is also one of the least tested .
ADVERTISEMENT
So far , the nurses count 466 signatures on their circulating petitions against the state mandate .
A rally on Wednesday on the steps of the state capitol is expected to grab more signatures and the attentions of lawmakers .
More information on the mandated vaccination law and the nurses ’ protest can be found here .
“ Almost Famous ” director ’s cut …worth your time ?
After reading Bill Simmons ’ tribute to “ Almost Famous , ” which he deems the quintessential movie of the aughts ( a.k.a. the ’00s ) , I felt compelled to track down the “ Bootleg Cut ” ( a.k.a . “ Untitled ” ) to see what the hullabaloo was about .
Here is what Simmons had to say about the extra footage in the DC .
Best four extra scenes from the director ’s cut : Russell and William talking music before the first Stillwater concert ; Jeff Bebe ’s interview with William during which he utters quote No. 23 ; Penny ’s birthday cake scene ; and Russell and Jeff making up at the end and botching their man-hug .
There ’s also an 11 - minute scene in which William makes his mother listen to “ Stairway to Heaven ” — yes , the entire song — in an attempt to get her to understand rock ‘ n ’ roll .
It ’s indescribable .
I loved it ; some hated it .
Crowe could n’t get the rights to the song , so it did n’t matter .
More importantly , how is this not on YouTube ?
Was n’t YouTube invented for stray clips like that ?
FYI , quote No. 23 is …
Show me any guy who ever said he did n’t want to be popular , and I ’ll show you a scared guy .
I ’ve studied the entire history of music .
Most of the time , the best stuff is the popular stuff .
It ’s much safer to say popularity sucks , because that allows you to forgive yourself if you suck .
And I do n’t forgive myself .
Do you ?
A few thoughts …
– The version I saw had a running time of 2:41 and did n’t include an 11 - minute scene where William plays his mother “ Stairway to Heaven ” in order to convince her that he should be able to complete his assignment for Rolling Stone .
I ’ve only been able to find that scene here , and since Cameron Crowe was unable to get the rights , the viewer has to play his own copy of the song .
I always felt that it was out of character for William ’s mother to let him go on tour with a rock band with so little discussion , and this great “ Stairway to Heaven ” scene fills in some of these blanks .
In the version I saw , Elaine ’s decision still seemed rushed .
– I have mixed feelings about the other four scenes that Simmons mentioned .
I thought Penny ’s birthday cake scene was terrific , especially towards the end when Jimmy Fallon ’s character broke the news that she was n’t going to with the band to New York .
Kate Hudson ’s reaction was a nice bit of acting and the movie is better as a whole because it ’s clear that inside the tough exterior of Penny Lane , there is just a normal girl — and she ’s in love .
I also thought Bebe ’s quote about popularity was insightful but not crucial .
The other two scenes — Russell ’s first interview with William and Jeff and Russell ’s make - up scene — were extraneous .
Russell ’s eagerness and availability to talk contradicted the sense throughout the remainder of the movie that William would n’t be able to get his interview with Russell .
I ’d recommend “ Untitled ” to fans of the original that have n’t seen it in a while .
Jeff ’s problems with Russell seem more fleshed out and the relationship between the two has more closure .
In fact , all of the various storylines seem a little deeper , and that ’s no surprise since the DC runs about 38 minutes longer .
Does it make it better ?
I ’ll let you be the judge .
The movie worked really well in its original form , but after watching the DC , I certainly would n’t say that the extra footage hurts the film .
123 Real Change
All that is necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing
Sleek and modern , this bathtub was designed by Paola Parea , and looks like something you 'd find on the Starship Enterprise .
The simple , streamlined exterior suggests something ahead of its time – and the monotone or duotone white and black color scheme appears futuristic and chic .
The built - in computer will combine the mineral salts and natural essences specified by your program .
A hydrothermal spa with six preset spa possibilities , from relaxing to energizing , can be selected according to your needs
Il caso
Picchia due ragazze che si baciano
« Al nostro paese c’è la lapidazione »
Al Portello di Padova un magrebino si avventa sulle giovani
Due ragazze mano nella mano per le strade di Padova ( archivio )
PADOVA — Infastidito dal­le effusioni amorose tra due ragazze , un gruppo di magre­bini l’altra sera in zona Por­tello a Padova ha usato le ma­niere forti : ne ha scaraventa­ta una a terra e ricoperta di improperi .
Tutto perché aveva palesa­to il più naturale dei senti­menti , l’amore , nei confron­ti di una sua coetanea .
Un amore insano agli occhi di chi viene da un paese di stretta osservanza musulma­na , dove l’omosessualità ma­schile è diffusa anche se è un tabù di cui non parlare mai e quella femminile qua­si un crimine .
Che può costa­re anche il linciaggio : « Al nostro paese queste cose vengono punite con la lapi­dazione » , ha sibilato uno dei tre nordafricani in faccia alla ragazza lesbica dopo averla spinta a terra .
Poi il giovane magrebi­no , evidentemente alticcio a giudicare dall ’alito , ha riferi­to la giovane aggredita , se ne è andato via , sputando a terra in segno di disprezzo .
Il brutto episodio di intol­leranza è successo l’altra not­te in quartiere Portello .
In un bar noto per essere « gay friendly » , una ragazza di ori­gini brasiliane stava ballan­do in compagnia della fidan­zata .
Tra un ballo e l’altro , un po ’ per sfida nei confron­ti della compagna dello stes­so sesso ed un po ’ perché for­se aveva bevuto uno spritz di troppo , la giovane si è in­trattenuta in ammiccamenti sempre più espliciti con un’altra giovane del gruppo .
La cosa non è andata giù alla fidanzata ufficiale che è andata su tutte le furie trasci­nando fuori dal locale l’inna­morata per chiarire il suo comportamento .
Ma più del­la baruffa tra compagne a scaldare gli animi è stato l’in­tervento non richiesto di un gruppo di magrebini che ave­va assistito alla scena .
Spintoni ed insulti hanno convinto una terza donna che ha assistito alla scena a chiamare la polizia .
La volan­te , arrivata sul posto , ha rac­colto la denuncia della giova­ne offesa e gettata a terra .
La ragazza , una dicianno­venne di origini sudamerica­ne , ha raccontato quanto suc­cesso tra le lacrime di rabbia per una serata che doveva es­sere di divertimento ed è fi­nita a verbale di polizia per colpa un gruppo di nordafri­cani .
Magari gli stessi che , a torto o a ragione , sono pron­ti a muovere accuse di razzi­smo alle forze dell ’ordine e agli italiani in generale .
commenta la notizia CONDIVIDI LE TUE OPINIONI SU CORRIERE DEL VENETO.IT
Integrazione ?
15.10|09:43 Questa azione da parte dell ' extracomunitario è una prova lampante che molti di loro non vogliono l'integrazione e deridono i nostri usi , i nostri costumi e le nostre libertà di azione e di pensiero , usanze che , invece , nei loro paesi dobbiamo ooservare alla lettera .
Se iniziamo a togliere i crocefissi dalle scuole o dai locali pubblici andremo a finire che saremo costretti a chiudere i pub o le discoteche , i nostri luoghi di culto o le nostre parrocchie , tutto per non offederli .
Sono loro che ci offendono invece , con i loro gesti e le loro azioni sempre più spesso violente , come appunto è capitato .
Riflettete prima di parlare prego .
non bisogna fare confusione ..
15.10|09:43 .. vivo in Germania dove , dove la liberta`sessuale e`ben oltre il baciarsi in pubblico di due donne .
Qui il magrebino sarebbe stato lui dilaniato dalle pietre per il semplice fatto che e`la sua cultura che vuole imporre , con il suo modo di pensare .
Non si discute qui se e`giusto o meno baciarsi in strada ( a questo punto potrebbe anche dargli fastidio vedere qualcuno farsi il segno dela croce .
" per questo al mio paese ti frustano o qualcosa del genere .
Ma ditemi voi che motivazioni sono queste ) quanto piu`il fatto che lui e`entrato a far parte di ( entrando in Italia ) una cultura che si diversa dalla sua ma parte integrante del vivere quotidiano .
A questo punto allora non bisognerebbe piu`far partecipare ai corsi di nuoto le bambine italiane perche `quelle mussulmane in Iraq o in Siria non ne hanno diritto .
In Italia non si dovrebbe parlare italiano perche`in Arabia non lo si parla ..eccetera .
Se vedere due ragazze baciarsi in strada puo`dare fastidio questo e`diritto - dovere di 56 milioni di italiani deciderlo , non certo di un mussulmano .
Era ubriaco ..?
Ma abbastanza chiaro a quanto pare in mente per poter esprimere il " suo punto di vista " .
x lettore 98167 15.10|09:43 il crocefisso e la religione andavano tolte dalle scuole a prescindere dalla sensibilità di altre religioni .
Come hanno fatto in Francia nel 1905 !!!
Un secolo di ritardo .............
magrebini che picchiano le due ragazze 15.10|09:43
Una cristiana accoglienza di tutti coloro che vogliono stare da noi è davvero auspicabile , ma accompagnata dalla rigida pretesa di osservanza delle regole , usi e tradizioni del paese ospitante .
Altrimenti episodi come questi saranno sempre più frequenti fino a che a comandare da noi saranno " loro "
If you 're running an X session , cut - and - paste is easy : Just use the mouse .
But what about when you 're running in a non-graphical console ?
Or if you just prefer to keep your fingers on the keyboard ?
The utility screen , which enables you to run multiple screens on the same console ( along with many other useful tricks ) , allows non-graphical cut-and - paste .
Tip of the Trade : Mouse - clicks may be synonymous with cut - and - paste , but in a non-graphical environment , they wo n't help you .
Enter Screen , which among its many useful tricks , enables non-graphical cut-and - paste .
To enter copy mode in screen , hit Ctrl+A , then [ .
You can now use the arrow keys , or vim - like keybindings , to move around the screen .
0 gets you to the start of a line , and $ to the end of a line .
When you 've reached the point where you want to start the copy , hit Enter .
Move the cursor to the end point of your selection ( you 'll see what you 're copying highlighted ) , and then hit Enter again .
Now move the cursor to wherever you want to paste the selection ( you can move to another screen within your session ) , and hit Ctrl+ A ] to paste the selection .
You can also use Ctrl+A > filename to paste the selection to a filename and Ctrl+ A < filename to read a file into the selection buffer so you can then paste it out again using Ctrl+A ] .
When in copy mode , you can also use screen 's scrollback feature ( i.e. , you can scroll back upward past the top of the currently displayed text ) and the search function .
Use ? to search backward .
This is probably what you want initially , as you 'll be starting by default from the bottom of the scrollback .
/ searches forward .
Bear in mind that the default scrollback is only 100 lines .
To increase this , add a line to your ~/.screenrc :
defscrollback 1000
This increases the scrollback to 1,000 lines ; you can edit this value as you prefer .
Juliet Kemp has been messing around with Linux systems , for financial reward and otherwise , for about a decade .
She is also the author of " Linux System Administration Recipes : A Problem - Solution Approach " ( Apress , 2009 ) .
Follow ServerWatch on Twitter
- Sono anni che definisce Silvio Berlusconi " inadatto " a governare l'Italia , a causa del conflitto d'interessi mediatico e dei numerosi processi a cui è stato sottoposto , ma adesso il settimanale l'aumenta se possibile ancora di più il livello della critica , paragonando l'Italia del Cavaliere a una delle deboli democrazie dell ' Est Europa , sempre più lontana dal concetto di democrazia occidentale , ed evocando perfino il fantasma del Duce .
" E ' dai tempi di Mussolini che non si aveva un governo italiano che interferisse con i media in maniera così lampante e allarmante " , scrive l'autorevole settimanale , britannico come sede centrale ma globale nella diffusione poiché vende al di fuori del Regno Unito i due terzi della sua tiratura di quasi un milione e mezzo di copie .
" I giornalisti , e gli altri italiani , hanno ogni motivo di protestare " , continua l'articolo , intitolato " Museruola a chi informa " , alludendo alla manifestazione in difesa della libertà di stampa indetta per questo fine settimana in tutta Italia e anche all 'estero .
" Questo sabato 3 ottobre si terrà a Roma una manifestazione per difendere la libertà di stampa " , scrive l' , " non in una lontana dittatura , ma proprio in Italia .
Ebbene , i giornalisti che l'hanno indetta hanno buone ragioni per preoccuparsi " .
Il settimanale osserva poi che basta consultare la classifica 2009 sull ' indipendenza dei media di Freedom House , l'istituto americano di controllo e studio sulla libertà di informazione e di pensiero , per accorgersi che l'Italia è declassata nella categoria di quelli " parzialmente liberi " , al 73 esimo posto , su un totale di 195 , appena sopra alla Bulgaria .
Quanto meno sotto questo aspetto , afferma l' , " l' Italia di Berlusconi si sta allontanando dall ' Europa occidentale per diventare più simile alle deboli democrazie dell 'est " .
Il giornale fa poi una lunga ricostruzione degli ultimi sviluppi , dalle domande dial premier alla richiesta di danni per diffamazione avanzata da Berlusconi per tali domande , fino al caso della trasmissione AnnoZero e alla campagna lanciata dal , " quotidiano vicino al primo ministro , contro il pagamento del canone Rai , da cui dipendono almeno la metà degli introiti dell ' azienda pubblica " .
Conclude l' : " Le ordinanze di Berlusconi sembrano parte di un progetto per spazzare via le ultime enclavi ribelli rimaste in Italia " .
Del caso Berlusconi continua ad occuparsi anche il resto della stampa internazionale .
Il quotidiano spagnolopubblica oggi un ampio servizio intitolato : " Berlusconi dichiara guerra alla Rai " .
Il corrispondente da Roma , Miguel Mora , racconta gli attacchi alla trasmissione " AnnoZero " per la puntata dedicata allo scandalo delle escort e all ' intervista a Patrizia D'Addario , soffermandosi sulla campagna lanciata " dai media del Cavaliere " per esortare gli italiani a non pagare più il canone d'abbonamento alla Rai in segno di protesta .
" Berlusconi ha celebrato il suo 73 esimo compleanno dichiarando guerra non solo a Michele Santoro " , il conduttore della trasmissione in questione , " ma a tutti i programmi che lo criticano " , scrive , affermando che l'invito a non pagare il canone è " un'iniziativa teatrale del tutto priva di legalità , in pratica una chiamata generale all ' evasione fiscale , un'abitudine quest ' ultima assai popolare in Italia e a cui lo stesso Berlusconi non è alieno , come testimoniano i suoi numerosi processi in materia " .
Un altro tema a cui i giornali stranieri dedicano l'attenzione è per l'appunto il perdono fiscale per coloro che rimpatriano capitali dall 'estero .
" Berlusconi prepara un colossale perdono , il più grosso d'Europa " , titola il .
" Il governo Berlusconi ha imposto un voto di fiducia in parlamento per far passare la sua amnistia fiscale " , titola .
" Berlusconi concede l'amnistia agli evasori dei paradisi " , titolaIl settimanale francesetorna invece sulle polemiche degli ultimi mesi tra la Chiesa cattolica e il nostro primo ministro , con un lungo reportage intitolato " Divorzio all 'italiana " , che ripercorre tutte le tappe della vicenda , dalle proteste nelle chiese per i party con escort e veline nelle ville del presidente del Consiglio , alle critiche espresse dall'e da , agli attacchi delal direttore dell'e alle dimissioni di quest ' ultimo .
Il settimanale riporta il parere di un assicuratore di 59 anni di nome Giorgio che dice : " Non comprendo più la mia Chiesa .
Mi sento perduto davanti alla sua sottomissione a Berlusconi , alla sua politica , al suo modello di una società barbara " .
Tuttavia , afferma , numerosi segnali indicano che la Chiesa sta preparandosi " al dopo - Berlusconi " .
E una notizia che nei giorni scorsi ha riempito le pagine dei giornali in Occidente è arrivata stamani fino in Pakistan , dove lariporta la gaffe di Berlusconi su Michelle Obama , definita " abbronzata " come suo marito dal premier italiano al ritorno dal summit del G20 .
Tom Silva carries a flashlight into the attic of the three - story house , but he does n't need it .
Daylight streams in through several coin - size holes in the roof , and the rays of sunlight pierce the musty space like in an old - master painting .
" Looks like it 's been leaking for a while , " says the This Old House general contractor , as he points out dark water stains on the sheathing .
A tattered trash bag dangling from a rafter is all that remains of an earlier fifty - cent solution .
Back in 1916 , when the family of Christine ­Flynn and her niece Liz Bagely bought the up - and - down two - family the women now share , there was no house inspector to look over the property .
­ Did n't need it ; they were the first owners .
But that was a long time ago , and since then , this place has missed more than a few checkups and a lot of preventive medicine .
The crew is getting ready for the start of construction by doing an informal version of what a professional inspector does when a property changes hands .
But had someone been giving the house this kind of attention on a regular basis , many of its current problems could have been kept at bay .
Since inspectors always seem to find something wrong , it stands to reason that any homeowner who uses their kind of thorough thinking as a model during a once - a - year maintenance review — preferably in the fall , before rough weather sets in , and with a notepad in hand — will catch small problems before they balloon into major expenses .
You do n't need to hire a pro , though it may be warranted under certain circumstances .
But just knowing where and how to look will help you create a did n't - miss - a - thing repair list , from which you can check items off one by one to keep your house in good health .
" You wo n't be able to do everything a pro inspector does , " says Tom , " but you 'll stay one step ahead of the wind and the rain . "
Here 's a five - step plan of attack for looking at your house with the careful eye of a pro .
1. JUDGE A BOOK BY ITS COVER
The logical place to start any fall maintenance inspection and repair list is outside , where you can take in the big picture .
For Tom ­Silva , that means doing something as simple as standing and looking at the house .
Conspicuous changes from year to year , like cockeyed windows or a sway in the roof , indicate an ongoing prob­lem , such as a compromised foundation that 's pulling the house down .
But you also need to look at the parts that make up the whole : chimney , roofing , flashing , siding .
Take note if anything is broken , cracked , curled , split , or crooked .
But also pay attention to less overt signs : stains on siding that could mean water is n't flowing through the gutters and downspouts , peeling paint or missing mortar in distressed spots , small holes or droppings near animal or insect nests .
Be especially conscious of the presence of vermin , because they chew on framing and wiring .
Do n't just look at the house ; look around it , too .
Trees hanging over a roof are n't just a storm threat , they may scrape roofing , give animals an access bridge , or lean dangerously close to power lines .
Overgrown foliage might be more than an eyesore if it masks foundation and sill problems and contributes to siding damage .
Roger Cook , TOH landscape contractor , says , " You should be able to walk between the plants and the house , even if just to have access for maintenance . "
Also , be sure the ground slopes away from the house and sits at least 8 inches below the sill .
Note cracks in walkways and driveways before cold weather and frozen ground open them up and exacerbate the tripping hazard .
Give fences , gates , and stone walls a little nudge to see which parts are vulnerable to tumbling in the next big storm , and take note if retaining walls are bulging or failing .
2. COME IN FOR A CLOSER LOOK
Once you 've taken in the general state of affairs , you should examine trouble spots with a keener eye .
Think about the places where water has been , or could be , coming into the house and reaching the structure .
Contractors and inspectors alike repeat this mantra :
Water is the biggest enemy of a house .
[ Article continued beneath video ]
The possibilities are limitless , but doors and windows are obvious places to start , says Joe Corsetto , the president of the American Society of Home Inspectors ( ASHI ) and the owner of Shelter­works , an inspection firm in New Jersey .
These will always take the brunt of abuse from rain and snow .
Look at sills and thresholds for cracks .
Make sure caulking , weatherstripping , and glazing have n't split or worn away .
Check all framing supports — sills , posts , headers — for signs of deterioration caused by insects or rot .
Probe wood with a screwdriver , looking for soft , flaking , crumbling , or damp spots .
Keep an eye out for the mud tunnels made by termites or the neat holes drilled by carpenter bees .
And make sure all supports are still actually connected — to the parts they hold up and to the footing or framing underneath .
Be especially aware if the foundation has new or expanding fissures .
" A crack that changes or grows over the seasons is a sign of instability and should be looked at by a foundation expert , " says Tom .
Your house 's skin is also vulnerable , so you need to look closely at siding and roofing for signs of failure .
Stains or cracks on siding could mean water is running down the face and getting into walls .
Use binoculars to look at the roof up close — is the flashing rusted , curled , or missing ?
Are there cracks , missing shingles , crumbling pieces ?
Check asphalt for dry , blistering , or curling shingles ; wood for rot and splits ; slate and tile for breaks ; flat roofs for holes .
Tom recommends going to the attic on a sunny day and turning off the lights .
If you see daylight , water has a place to get in .
But you do n't always need the sun to spot the problems .
Next time there 's a heavy rain , watch the water as it pools around your house .
You 'll soon spot any big issues , such as how water gets into your basement or whether or not your sump pump turns on when it should .
3. GET THE INSIDE SCOOP
Sometimes you only discover structural issues by looking inside the house .
Sagging floors , walls , and ceilings are obvious clues to leaks and rot .
But seemingly innocuous problems , like peeling paint , sticking doors , loose floorboards , and popped drywall screws can also be signs of trouble .
Then again , sometimes a sticking door is just a nuisance .
But put it on your fix - it list anyway — farther down , right next to jiggling hinges and doorknobs , loose balusters and newel posts , squeaky stairs , and scraping drawers .
Now is ­also the time to look at ceiling fans for signs that they 've worked their way loose .
Listen to vent fans for unusual sounds that signal worn bearings in the motor .
Be sure to look beyond the easy - to - reach areas .
Take a flashlight into crawl spaces and corners , inside cabinets , and up in the attic .
That 's where you 'll see telltale droppings from mice or other animals .
While you 're in the neighborhood , make sure joists and rafters are sound and insulation is dry .
You also need to look for critters in the fireplace chimney — squeeze yourself in there and point a flashlight up the flue — and make sure to schedule the chimney sweep before the start of her busy season .
4. LET THE WATER RUN
Remember that weather is n't the only source of water damage .
A house 's own plumbing will wreak havoc if it fails .
Look for signs of leaks in exposed pipes , or where they enter walls or foundations .
Examine everything for rust , pits , and excessive green patina on brass or copper fittings , which signals the start of corrosion .
Look at fixtures for cracks that drip .
TOH plumbing and heating expert Richard Trethewey points out that a rocking toilet or radiator could mean that a leak has compromised the floor .
Likewise , a loose shower tile — or one that sounds hollow when tapped — can be covering up rotted backer board .
And dishwasher and washing - machine hoses are vulnerable points if they get brittle or are n't connected properly .
Now is the time to put those little nagging problems on your plumbing repair list as well .
Dripping faucets and handles that you have to tighten more need new washers .
Low water pressure may mean sediment has built up in faucet aerators and showerheads .
Fill sinks and let the water out all at once to test for slow drains , which might indicate a clog or a blocked vent pipe .
And you may not even know that your toilet runs until you stop and listen for a few minutes to see if it kicks in to refill .
5. ALL SYSTEMS GO
If you have n't already done it , schedule your annual furnace maintenance — long before the first cold day .
But you can be proactive by changing filters on schedule and keeping an eye out for leaks around the furnace or water tank .
One of the most overlooked hazards in a house is the electrical system , so take note of loose outlet covers and receptacle boxes , which might fray wiring .
Look for scorch marks in the breaker box and around plugs , a sign of dangerous arcing .
Plug a lamp into GFCI receptacles and push their test and reset buttons to see if the light goes off and on .
Then put fresh batteries in all the smoke and carbon monoxide detectors .
In the end , all this careful examination may leave you with a long repair list — and a roster of pros to call .
But better that they come to take care of the little things before the problems become more costly and dangerous .
" When you get right down to it , inspecting your house is an ounce of prevention , " says Tom .
" Trouble is , sometimes by the time I get the call , it takes a pound of cure . "
Getting Professional Help
Professional home inspections are n't just for buyers .
As house systems become more complicated , homeowners are turning to inspectors for ongoing advice .
ASHI president Joe Corsetto says it can't hurt to get an inspection every five years , or before tackling major renovations : " The inspector will analyze all the systems and help prioritize repairs .
That way you 're getting a complete and unbiased picture from someone who 's not trying to sell you anything . "
Not all states license home inspectors , and standards vary widely .
A safe bet is locating an inspector certified by ASHI .
Expect to pay anywhere from $ 350 to $ 850 , depending on where you live and the size of the house .
Corsetto says a thorough inspection should take two or more hours and result in a written report , preferably with digital photos .
The inspector should go anywhere a human can fit , including out - of - the - way crawl spaces .
Besides a good flashlight , he should carry a moisture meter ( to assess wood rot ) , an amp probe , long - handled mirrors , and a combustible gas detector to catch dangerous leaks .
Bonus Checklist
Click for a free Item - by - item inspection checklist , telling you places to look , sounds to listen for , and tests to run when getting your house ready for its annual maintenance .
Fraser Rush , nature reserves officer for East Devon District Council , said : “ There are millions of common green grasshoppers but I have never seen a pink one .
The female comes in a variety of colours , normally different shades of green and brown .
Occasionally it tends towards purple , but this is a leap beyond that to pink . ”
Employers cut another 263,000 jobs in September and the unemployment rate rose to a 26 - year high of 9.8 % , raising worries that the persistently weak labor market could undermine a nascent economic recovery from the worst U.S. recession since the Great Depression .
The economy , by most accounts , has begun to grow again .
But Friday 's Labor Department report underscored the risk that without jobs , consumers wo n't have income to spend and that will restrain growth and give employers little reason to resume hiring after 21 consecutive ...
Philip Greenspun explains how Wall Street makes billions — by bilking taxpayers .
Because of the Collapse of 2008 financial reforms , the big investment banks are able to borrow money from the U.S. government at 0 percent interest .
Then they can turn around and buy short - term bonds that pay 2 or 3 percent annual interest .
Now they 're making 2 percent on whatever they borrowed .
They can use leverage to increase this number , by pledging some of the bonds that they 've already bought as collateral on additional bonds .
Land use :
HIV / AIDS - people living with HIV / AIDS :
Life expectancy at birth :
Country name : conventional long form : Territory of Norfolk Island
conventional short form : Norfolk Island
Dependency status : territory of Australia ; Canberra administers Commonwealth responsibilities on Norfolk Island through the Department of Environment , Sport , and Territories
Government type : NA
Capital : Kingston
Administrative divisions : none ( territory of Australia )
Independence : none ( territory of Australia )
National holiday : Pitcairners Arrival Day , 8 June ( 1856 )
Constitution : Norfolk Island Act of 1979
Legal system : based on the laws of Australia , local ordinances and acts ; English common law applies in matters not covered by either Australian or Norfolk Island law
Suffrage : 18 years of age ; universal
Executive branch : chief of state : Queen ELIZABETH II ( since 6 February 1952 ) ; the UK and Australia are represented by Administrator Anthony J. MESSNER ( since 4 August 1997 )
election results : Geoffrey Robert GARDNER elected chief minister ; percent of Legislative Assembly vote - NA %
elections : the monarch is hereditary ; administrator appointed by the governor general of Australia ; chief minister elected by the Legislative Assembly for a term of not more than three years ; election last held 29 November 2001 ( next to be held by December 2004 )
head of government : Assembly President and Chief Minister Geoffrey Robert GARDNER ( since 5 December 2001 )
cabinet : Executive Council is made up of four of the nine members of the Legislative Assembly ; the council devises government policy and acts as an advisor to the administrator
Legislative branch : unicameral Legislative Assembly ( 9 seats ; members elected by electors who have nine equal votes each but only four votes can be given to any one candidate ; members serve three - year terms )
elections : last held 29 November 2001 ( next to be held by December 2004 )
election results : percent of vote - NA % ; seats - independents 9
Judicial branch : Supreme Court ; Court of Petty Sessions
Political parties and leaders : none
Political pressure groups and leaders : none
International organization participation : none
Diplomatic representation in the US : none ( territory of Australia )
Diplomatic representation from the US : none ( territory of Australia )
" In the spirit of this event , it was our hope that only women would have participated , as has happened in the past .
. . .
However , given legal requirements , we must allow anyone who is over the age of 21 the opportunity to participate . "
NEW DELHI , India ( CNN ) --
Doctors had to amputate the leg of a 13 - year - old snack vendor who was thrown off a moving train after he reportedly did not have money to bribe a guard , authorities said Sunday .
Part of Mohammed Salahuddin's leg was removed below the knee after it was badly damaged after the fall , said Amit Lodha , a railway police superintendent .
According to published reports , the suspect allegedly hurled Salahuddin off the train on Thursday in anger because he did not have Rs 10 ( 20 cents ) to pay in bribes for selling snacks on board .
" The ( arrested ) constable has denied these allegations .
But he indeed has been found to have thrown the boy out of the train , " Lodha told CNN .
The guard was sent to jail Sunday for the incident , which took place in India 's Bihar state , officials said .
He faces attempted murder among other charges .
In August , Indian prime minister Manmohan Singh admitted his country was faced with " pervasive corruption " .
" The malaise of corruption , so sapping of our efforts to march ahead as a nation , should be treated immediately and effectively , " Singh warned .
All About India
Come and follow me to the Canal of Xochimilco , with its unsettling mystical charm .
Over hundreds of years the area has been desecrated to this one single canal , the sole tributary of the Xochimilco Lake ...
Here , an old legend tells a story that mirrors the survival and strength of the ancient Aztecs .
It is the tale of La Isla de las Munecas , or : The Island of Dolls ...
See all 5 photos Image Credit : http://www.flickr.com/photos/esparta/2994076542/
Shared via AddThis
You ’ve made an app that you like and put it on the market .
It goes on a tear and starts climbing the charts .
Â
You find that you have 10,000 downloads , a 4 star rating , and that your app isÂ ranked number 20 in its category .
Â Sounds great .
Then you check the 15th ranked app , it has 5,000 downloads and a 3 star rating .
Huh ?
What is going on here ?
Â
I am not sure if anyone knows the Google Market formula except Google .
Â Â
In an ideal world , the market ranking system could not be gamed .
Â
If that is the case , then I think it would be great to know the ranking criteria .
If there is a chance the market can be manipulated , then it might be better to keep the rankings a mystery .
So what might go into the Market Ranking ?
Installed Base
Your app may have 10,000 downloads , but an installed based of 3,500 users .
Â
The higher ranked app may have 5,000 downloads and 4,000 users .
Â
Using installed base as the measure , the app with less downloads is the more popular app .
Â
An informal discussion with a handful of developers who were willing to share this info indicated that 35 - 45 % is the typical retention rate .
10,000 downloads might translate to 3,500 installed apps .
Rate of Growth ( Acceleration )
A new app makes a splash and climbs the chart .
This new app moves up the chart quickly and displaces other apps .
Â Â
As a new app , it may add 50 , then 100 , and then 500 new users per day .
Â
New apps tend to gain more users per day than an established apps .
Â Acceleration appears to drive market rankings .
Continuous Growth ( Velocity )
Does your app always add 100 users per day / 3000 per month ?
Â
Apps with continuous growth do well in the rankings .
Retention
Apps do n’t grow forever .
Â
It seems that once an app is established , it holds its crown .
Â MySpace is # 1 in Social Category and Facebook is # 2. Â
I have not seen these positions change .
This means it is not just about growth .
Rating
My personal guess is that ratings are not factored in .Â
That is only a guess .
Â
I think that if you install and app and keep it , you are factored in .
Â
Whether you subjectively rate the app 1 or 5 does n’t matter .
Could it just be about installed base ?
This is a real possibility .
Â Acceleration and Velocity will both point to a large number of installed users .
When trying to decipher this , you can find helpful info online at Androidstats.com .Â
In addition to the site , their Android App AndroidStatsÂ provides biggest weekly movers in rankings and recent price changes for apps –that can be when a paid app becomes free .
I looked at the Sporting News Pro Football app . Â
The app has 10,000 - 50,000 downloads .
The overall rank in the market is 36 .Â
It is higher than the T - Mobile Voicemail app which has 50,000 - 250,000 downloads .
Â
The Androidstats chart for Sporting News Pro Football shows fast growth that levels off .
Â
This is a typical growth pattern .
App rankings are helpful for both users and developers .
Â Â Let ’s look at these 2 questions :
As a user , what information would be helpful when deciding to try an app ?
As a developer , what can you do to promote an app and increase the rankings ?
What info is most helpful to users ?
As a user , it is good to know about popular apps and highly rated apps .
Â
A popular app will have a large number of downloads and a stable installed user base .
A highly rated app may have less users , but a consistently high rating .
Â AndroidStats info on apps with large moves in rankings are certainly helpful to look at for apps that are becoming popular .
The ideal scenario might be to look at popular and highly rated apps by time periods .
Â
Popular and Â app ranking would be filtered by time periods like :
This Week
This Month
Past 6 months
Past Year
All time
If this info was available , it would be possible to see how apps become popular and how they level off .
Â
It would be a way for users to look at up and coming applications .
Â
These filters , if possible , would help accelerate app rankings based on popularity and quality .
What can a developer do ?
Make a good app that works well and is polished
Understand that people will use and rate the app as soon as it hits the market
Make meaningful and useful updates
Get the word out
An app can be functional , but not polished .
Â
As a developer , I am as guilty as anyone of getting excited when an app is functional .
Â
I want to put it in the market right away and call it 1.0 . Â
It might be better to publish it as a beta and ask for feedback or take a step back and give it some polish .
Â
Many developers come from the web world where we can update a website at will and do a “ soft - launch ” for our friends and co-workers to check the site .
Â
We ’ll then make fast corrections .
Â
There are real benefits to an iterative approach , but the Android market is different and the app needs to be both functional and polished at launch .
In the blog post from the developers of Screebl called “ Polish your Apps , People !
“ Â they concluded that “ polish is better than feature . ” Â I agree .
With a short time to engage a user and have him or her understand your app in 30 seconds or less , the app should be polished and easy to understand .
At this point , there is no soft launch in the Android Market .
Â
New apps get used and quickly rated by users .
Â
The “ Just in ” feature of the Android Market highlights new apps .
Â
A new app or new feature included in an update is a great opportunity to drive traffic and increase rankings .
Â
This may make it possible to game the market , but it also a great way for new features and improvements in apps to be highlighted to users .
Â
Apps will change and a well thought out release plan can help with the market rankings .
You can get the word out about an app by talking to other developers , blogging , using Twitter and other social media , and by advertising .
Â I learned about BubbleBeats at the NYC Android Meetup .
I learn about apps from sites , blogs , and mailing lists for developers .
Â
Since many of these outlets are focused on developers , the audience is focused , but small .
Â AdMobs can reach a wider audience with mobile ads .
Â
I would also suggest targeted advertising on Facebook for certain apps .
Facebook providesÂ targeted advertising based on interest groups .
Â
It is even possible to target Android users or to target ads to Facebook users who “ Like MyTouch 3G . ” Â
Beyond targeting for a specific phone or interest in Android , it may make sense to target your app to a specific group like hikers if your app is related to hiking .
Â
Facebook ads are based on a pay per click model and costs can be tightly controlled .
Â
You can even try with a dollar per day .
I would call my level of advertising on Facebook at the experimental level .
Â
I tried advertising to MyTouch 3G users for $ 5 per day .
Â
My ad included instructions on how to find the app in the market and linked to the Facebook Page for the BFF Photo app .
Â
The app shows Facebook Photos on your phone and provides upload from the phone to Facebook .
Â
It is a good fit for Facebook ads , but non-Facebook apps will make sense too .
Â Facebook pages let users become fans of your app .
Â
You can get the word out to your fans and they can comment , post photos , etc . Â
I do not see a reason to not have a Facebook page for your app .
Here is the Facebook ad and a report with the results .
Â
This $ 16.42 experiment resulted in the ad being shown 12,273 times with 33 clicks .
Â
A handful of people became fans during this time and the number of downloads increased slightly .
Â
The result showed that a Facebook ad had the potential to promote an app .
If you have ideas about how the Android rankings work or have ideas about how it should work , Â ideas on how to make the market rankings helpful to users , or developer experience in promoting our app , Â please leave a comment .
Image via Wikipedia
In today ’s Hits & Mises episode I ’m going to tackle George Reisman ’s attempt to refute the exploitation theory .
I was recently linked to it by yet another Misoid on reddit who is trigger - happy in linking to Mises.org , which seems to be an annoyingly common occurrence in the Anarchist subreddit .
This time I am not going to tackle it all at once since this is a huge piece using various tactics to counter the theory of exploitation .
Rather I ’m going to pick apart it ’s distinguishable core arguments one by one until there ’s nothing left .
The main thrust of the attack in this case is the argument that in a pre-capitalist society or artisans and farmers , rather than all income being wages , all income was profit and by the introduction of the capitalist mode of production , it was n’t that the parasite class of the capitalist and landlord started taking a part of the income as profit , but rather that the artisans naturally evolved to capitalists and then gracefully allowed some proletarians ( i.e. people with nothing else to sell but their labour ) to use their surplus land and capital to survive while they paid them a “ fair wage ” since they were doing them a favour in the first place .
In short , the worker is exploiting the capitalist now since they are getting a wage out of the capitalists profit ( which would exist at the same level apparently without the worker ’s labour ) .
Smith and Marx are wrong .
Wages are not the primary form of income in production .
Profits are .
In order for wages to exist in production , it is first necessary that there be capitalists .
The emergence of capitalists does not bring into existence the phenomenon of profit .
Profit exists prior to their emergence .
The emergence of capitalists brings into existence the phenomena of wages and money costs of production .
Accordingly , the profits which exist in a capitalist society are not a deduction from what was originally wages .
On the contrary , the wages and the other money costs are a deduction from sales receipts — from what was originally all profit .
The effect of capitalism is to create wages and to reduce profits relative to sales receipts .
The more economically capitalistic the economy — the more the buying in order to sell relative to the sales receipts , the higher are wages and the lower are profits relative to sales receipts .
I have been unfortunate enough to have had to argue against this position in the past with one particularly obnoxious opponent so this is not a new perspective for me , although it ’s nice to finally know where that person got his argumentation points from as this seemed a novel refutation at the time .
In short the flaws in this argument are two .
One is definitional while the other is historical .
The Definitional Flaw
We see George starting down this path from this quote
This becomes apparent , as soon as we define our terms along classical lines : ” Profit ” is the excess of receipts from the sale of products over the money costs of producing them — over , it must be repeated , the money costs of producing them .
A “ capitalist ” is one who buys in order subsequently to sell for a profit .
“ Wages ” are money paid in exchange for the performance of labor — not for the products of labor , but for the performance of labor itself .
It seems that he is using some fairly interesting definitions here , definitions which in fact have nothing to do with the way such terms were used by socialists .
The reason why this change occurred is because it allows the very tricky equivocation fallacy required for one to make within his historical flaw .
So why is this definitional flaw important ?
First lets take the definition of wages : I do not know if Marx did indeed use the term “ wage ” to talk about the income of pre-capitalist production but in any case what he was really talking was a mode of production where all the income goes to the person who did the labour .
Whether that was in excess or less than the money costs of production is irrelevant .
What is important is that those who do the labour get to keep all the income from the trade of the results of this labour , i.e. the commodities produced .
The money costs that an artisan or farmer has to produce any commodity are irrelevant as it ’s impossible to define them as this includes the whole cost of living of said worker .
Does your cost of feeding yourself count as “ money costs ? ”
The cost of feeding your family ?
Buying new tools ?
Taking vacation ?
Buying new luxuries ?
Which of these is or is not a “ money cost of production ? ”
Nothing but feeding and buying tools ?
But obviously a worker without leisure would not be productive .
Is everything a “ money cost ? ”
But then it ’s ridiculous to talk about “ profits ” as the way the income is used is indistinguishable from a normal wage .
And that is the problem .
The intellectual twist required to make the definitional swap of “ wages ” to “ profits ” does not stand up rationally .
We call an artisan ’s income “ wages ” because it is in fact indistinguishable from wages functionally .
It is income which is directly the result of the sale of one ’s labour power .
The labour power to create the commodities or perform a service .
Profit on the other hand is generally used in a different sense , as the non-labour income which one receives on for owning the capital .
It ’s the tribute the owner receives on account of owning .
Even using Reisman ’s definition of “ wages ” above , we still see that it supports the idea of pre-capitalist artisans and farmers are receiving wages , not profit .
Why ?
Because if wage are the money paid in exchange for the performance of labour , then we need to ask what the performance of labour is in a pre-capitalist society .
It ’s obvious then that the performance of labour is nothing less than the products of labour .
The commodities one produces is a direct result of the performance of their labour .
The conceptual mistake that Reisman is doing here then is not so much that he simply mixes his definition dishonestly in order to make an equivocation later on , but that he falsely considers that there is a split between the performance of labour and the products of capital , the combined result of which is the commodities .
Thus he assumes that an artisan has some wages that are the result of the performance of his labour and he also has the “ wages of capital ” , the profit which he also gets to retain since he owns the capital as well .
However discovering how much is the performance of the artisan ’s labour and how much is the performance of the capital is apparently not important and ignored .
The truth is that this is a nonsensical split and is ignored because trying to define it would lead one to figure out the actual role of capital within production .
Furthermore the definition of Capitalist as “ one who buys in order subsequently to sell for a profit ” is especially wrong as this is the definition of a Merchant .
Not a capitalist .
This definition has to do with distribution , not with production , as it is by the latter by which one earns the title “ Capitalist ” or not .
In fact this conflation of Merchantilism with Capitalism is quite common among the Misoids for some reason , which I assume is their perverse need to prove Capitalism as a natural human system which has existed for us since the dawn of civilization or something .
The Historical Flaw
This part is what especially gets to my tits for its absolute ahistorical assertions .
The idea that capitalism is the natural continuation of peaceful evolution of human societies which “ naturally ” led to the result of some artisans and farmers owning more land than most while also oh - so - randomly property - less proletarians just happened to be around on the verge of starvation and eager to sell their labour as wage - workers while the artisans , now turned capitalists , graciously agreed to sacrifice part of what was all profit before in order to accommodate their fellow human beings .
It ’s as if capital and land was happily working itself , producing all those commodities for the pre-capitalist to sell until that scummy proletarian came about and abused the warm feelings of the capitalist in order to get part of the profit .
Or something .
I do n’t know , this whole rewriting of history is so vile in its crass white - is - black thing that it gets me aggressive just reading it .
Seriously .
Reisman seems all to eager to manufacture a history which points to a natural evolution of capitalism that he manages to miss the point that actual reality was nothing of the sort , nor could it .
He simply bases it on the equivocation he can make once he calls all pre-capitalist income “ ‘ profit ” , from which to claim that it ’s not the worker being exploited by the capitalist since wages existed first , it ’s just the other way around since “ profit ” existed first .
It ’s moronically simple .
First of all , the state of affairs where some people just happened to own all the land and capital while others had nothing to sell , did n’t just come around naturally , nor could it ever as humans by default tended to communal ownerships based on mutual aid .
As such , it would have been impossible for some to end up owning more than they can use while others had nothing to sell but their labour .
Even in a non-communal setting there would be no way for someone to enclose on more land than he could manage himself without a state to accept this claim and enforce it .
There would be no way for someone to purchase a factory and then find willing wage - slaves to work in the inhuman conditions within as there would always be available land around for them to work on as self - managed free workers .
This is in fact why it required extensive state violence for capitalism to take hold .
Not only had the farmers to be kicked out of their land and be prohibited from moving to other areas by force of law , not only did economic theft in the form of mandatory poll taxes had to be enforced , but the communal land to be enclosed by the great landlords so as not to allow any other options but to becomes wage - slaves .
In short , the world was engineered in order to facilitate capitalism , to facilitate exploitation .
The funny thing is that I ’ve had before an AnCap argue that it does n’t matter that things did not happen this way .
It does not matter that it required extensive violence to achieve the system of production dominant today .
It matters that logically it would be possible to achieve it even if no violence was used which simply goes against all we know of human pre-capitalist societies and trends .
Much like the free market nonsense , it does not matter if it ’s unrealistic ; as long as we can imagine it happening in our heads , it ’s enough .
Reisman ’s fantasies are nothing more than that .
Unrealistic fantasies of artisans turning capitalist and willing proletarians happily selling their labour - power for a piece of bread .
It is spitting in the face of human history in order to make the Capitalist a progressive hero helping society to advance .
Thus , capitalists do not impoverish wage earners , but make it possible for people to be wage earners .
For they are responsible not for the phenomenon of profits , but for the phenomenon of wages .
They are responsible for the very existence of wages in the production of products for sale .
Without capitalists , the only way in which one could survive would be by means of producing and selling one ’s own products , namely , as a profit earner .
But to produce and sell one ’s own products , one would have to own one ’s own land , and produce or have inherited one ’s own tools and materials .
Relatively few people could survive in this way .
The existence of capitalists makes it possible for people to live by selling their labor rather than attempting to sell the products of their labor .
Thus , between wage earners and capitalists there is in fact the closest possible harmony of interests , for capitalists create wages and the ability of people to survive and prosper as wage earners .
And if wage earners want a larger relative share for wages and a smaller relative share for profits , they should want a higher economic degree of capitalism — they should want more and bigger capitalists .
Quotes like this really make me want to punch someone in the face and further solidify why I want nothing at all to do with “ Anarcho ” - Capitalists and their disgusting apologetics .
Next part of the refutation takes the approach of profit being the reward of capital intellect which I ’ve countered already in the past so that ’s two bases demolished already .
Once I can grind my teeth enough to read through the rest of the nonsense I ’ll continue with anything left .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -
Three more banks were closed by regulators Friday , bringing the number of U.S. bank failures this year to 98 thanks to the lingering credit crunch .
Warren , Mich. , Bank had $ 538 million in assets and $ 501 million in deposits as of July 31 , according to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp .
Huntington National Bank HBAN , +1.32 % has agreed to assume the failed bank 's deposits , the FDIC said .
The FDIC said in a statement that the Warren Bank 's failure will cost the federal deposit - insurance fund $ 275 million .
Warren Bank is only the second Michigan bank to fail this year , following the failure of Farmington Hills - based Michigan Heritage Bank in April .
has agreed to assume the failed bank 's deposits , the FDIC said .
The FDIC said in a statement that the Warren Bank 's failure will cost the federal deposit - insurance fund $ 275 million .
Warren Bank is only the second Michigan bank to fail this year , following the failure of Farmington Hills - based Michigan Heritage Bank in April .
Jennings State Bank , Spring Grove , Minn. , was the fourth Minnesota bank to fail this year .
Jennings State Bank had $ 52.4 million in deposits as of July 31 , according to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp .
The bank 's failure will cost the federal deposit - insurance fund $ 11.7 million , the FDIC said .
Central Bank of Stillwater , Minn. , will take over Jennings State 's assets , the FSDIC said .
Southern Colorado National Bank of Pueblo had total assets of $ 39.5 million and total deposits of $ 31.5 million , the FDIC said .
Legacy Bank of Wiley , Colo. , will assume all of the bank 's deposits , the FDIC said .
The FDIC estimated the cost to its insurance fund will be $ 6.6 million .
Any plan by Israel to make good that implicit threat would place President Barack Obama in a quandary .
It has always been assumed that Israel would not proceed without American agreement , but Benjamin Netanyahu , the Israeli prime minister , has already faced Mr Obama down over his rejection of demands for a total freeze on settlements in the occupied territories .
I started watching Castle for Nathan Fillion .
After one season , I 'm still watching the show because of Nathan Fillion and now Stana Katic .
The acting on Castle is top - notch from everyone , and that 's pretty much the only reason why I continue to watch the show .
Out of all the crime procedurals out there , and there are many , Castle ranks among the weakest in terms of the criminal element .
The writing of the show is exceedingly weak in comparison to the acting , and after a season , it has n't improved much .
The show still has a child - like innocence to it bordering on Bones .
The episode starts with everyone being slightly testy with Castle .
After reopening Beckett 's old wounds , Castle has lost the graces of her colleagues .
Castle is at the precinct for a photoshoot , and Kate has to partake in an interview which she clearly does not want to be in .
A body is discovered and a reporter tags along .
it was pushed off the top of the building .
Fairly standard , but there 's lots of things to do with it .
Here 's where the writing starts breaking down .
On the way to the morgue , the body is snatched by gunmen .
This is fine , but the following investigation is much too simplistic .
The guy was in debt and went to play poker with Russian mobsters .
He 's also a drug mule .
Great !
( I 'm being sarcastic )
The one thing I did like about the episode was Castle 's apology and Beckett 's acceptance of it .
Castle was sincere and that 's really all Beckett wanted , for him to take responsibility for his actions .
I 'm many think otherwise , but this step forward was not premature .
I 'm sure there will still be residual feelings of distrust throughout the season rearing its ugly head .
Score : 8.3/10
I 'm a graphic designer student and i love to draw but sadly I 'm the only one in my class who even can draw .
Something that I also noticed that it is one of the most popular study to do in my artschool and that 's because I think most of the people that want to do something creative can't think of anything else to do and that results in 100 graphic designers getting there diploma every year .
Now I think about it I 'm quiet sick of it ... everyone can be a graphic designer even without an art diploma and most of them are so full of themselve .
Think I 'm going to study animation next year .
Btw I have 4 teachers for graphic design , and none of them like the fact that I can draw and even push me to not use my drawing skills for projects and assignments
This poster is awesome !
Fifa have confirmed their latest rankings , meaning Ireland are set to face either France , Portugal , Russia or Greece in the play - offs .
Republic set to face France , Portugal , Russia or Greece in draw
Top-ranked
Fifa have confirmed their latest world rankings , meaning the Republic of Ireland are set to face either France , Portugal , Russia or Greece in Monday 's World Cup play - off draw .
The quartet have earned their seeded status in the draw due to being the top four of the eight play - off teams in the rankings .
The unseeded pot includes the other four best runners - up from the European qualifying groups - Ukraine , Republic of Ireland , Bosnia - Herzegovina and Slovenia .
France are the top - ranked play - off team in ninth , one ahead of Portugal who have risen seven places in the rankings thanks to their positive end to the Group One qualifying campaign .
Guus Hiddink 's Russia , who finished second in Group Four behind Germany , slip six spots to 12th while 2004 European champions Greece lie 16th .
Ukraine are the top - ranked unseeded team in 22nd with Giovanni Trapattoni's Republic 34th , Bosnia - Herzegovina 42nd and Slovenia 49th .
At the head of the rankings , Brazil have maintained a slender advantage over European champions Spain , Holland and world champions Italy - who topped Groups five , nine and eight respectively .
Germany dropped one place to fifth while Argentina , who clinched the last automatic qualifying place from the South American zone with a 1 - 0 win over Uruguay on Wednesday , climb two places to sixth .
Hosts South Africa ( 85th ) and North Korea ( 91st ) are the only teams from outside the top 50 who will be present at next year 's event .
Cut development time , while delivering rich , powerful , modern websites and apps .
Telerik® UI for ASP.NET MVC offers 90 +
jQuery - based components ranging from must - have HTML helpers for every app like Grids , Dropdowns and Menus to advanced line - of - business controls such as Charts , Gantt , Diagram , Scheduler , PivotGrid and Maps .
Despite the variety of built - in functionality the product offers , we continue to release new functionality based on customer feedback three times a year .
Feel free to suggest product ideas for the community to vote on in Telerik feedback portal — the more votes your suggestion receives , the higher priority it becomes to introduce into our roadmap .
Lowell Elementary School Moon Tree
Boise , Idaho
This loblolly pine ( Pinus taeda ) was planted in 1977 at the Lowell Elementary School in Boise , Idaho .
The Lowell Elementary School website has the following :
In 1977 , a special pine tree was planted on the playground .
The tree was grown from seeds that U.S. astronauts had taken to the moon and was , therefore , named the " Moon Tree . "
There were only three such trees planted in the entire state of Idaho .
Lowell School received one of these trees because Governor John Evans had a son attending Lowell at that time .
The tree appears to be diseased , possibly due to an infestation of insects .
The lower branches are dying and sap is oozing from the trunk .
Some of the damage can be seen in the picture below ( from 2014 ) .
There is a local effort to save the tree , you can find out more about it here .
Photographs courtesy of Eric Geiger
North Boise Community Rallies to Save the ' Moon Tree ' at Lowell Elementary
Moon Tree Home Page
Author / Curator :
Dr. David R. Williams , dave.williams@nasa.gov
NSSDCA , Mail Code 690.1
NASA Goddard Space Flight Center
Greenbelt , MD 20771
+1-301-286-1258
NASA Official : Dr. David R. Williams , david.r.williams@nasa.gov
Last Updated : 15 April 2016 , DRW
It 's often said that overly macho males suffer from " too much testosterone " but a new study in mice reveals says estrogen might share in that blame .
The report in the October 2nd issue of Cell , reveals how early estrogen exposure " masculinizes " the brain circuitry , predisposing boys to be boys as it were .
That early event is specifically critical in producing male mice that will pick fights with other males and that dutifully mark their territories with urine .
The basis for differences between the sexes in such behaviors , they show , may reside in the neurons that are equipped with an enzyme , called aromatase , that converts testosterone into estrogen .
The masculine brain has more of those testosterone - converting neurons in certain regions .
The researchers now show that these neurons establish a unique neural circuitry in males , and that this difference in wiring depends on estrogen .
" It 's been known for decades that estrogen may play a role in making males behave like males , " said Nirao Shah of the University of California , San Francisco .
" What we do here is to provide insight into the logic of how estrogen regulates that behavior . "
The researchers found that female mice exposed to estrogen as pups get wired to behave as " tomboys " of a sort .
Their aromatase neurons now look like what is seen in the male brain , and the female mice take on aggressive and territorial behaviors typically reserved for males .
But if estrogen , the female hormone , establishes male behavior patterns , why do n't girls act like boys ?
Shah explains that the ovaries normally do n't pump out any hormone that early in life , but males do see a surge in testosterone at a young age , at least some of which gets converted by aromatase to estrogen .
The findings indicate that adult gonadal hormones are not the entire story when it comes to determining masculine versus feminine behavior , Shah said .
" Rather than the gonadal hormones telling the adult brain what do to , the brain interprets signals based on its prior history , " he said .
Thus , female mice exposed to estrogen as pups respond to estrogen as adults by switching on the aggressive and territorial behaviors typically observed in males .
As for whether differences in early estrogen exposure or in the resulting brain circuitry can account for variation among males in stereotypically male behavior remains to be seen , Shah says .
" About eighty percent of male mice will fight with other males routinely , but there is always a fraction that fight poorly or not much at all , " he said , a difference that may be explained by some combination of social experience along with early developmental events that wire the brain differently .
Testosterone itself is n't off the hook yet , however .
Shah 's team suspects it is also likely to have direct effects .
As evidence of that , Shah notes that female mice whose brains are masculinized by exposure to estrogen in early development do fight , but they tend to fight with less intensity than males .
But when these females have their ovaries -- their adulthood source of estrogen -- removed and are treated with male levels of testosterone , their will to fight goes up .
" It suggests testosterone acts on its own receptor to increase the intensity of male - like fighting , " Shah said .
Source : Cell Press
Dozens of movie theaters worldwide have equipped their employees with night vision goggles to spy on customers , hoping to spot illegal recording devices .
Following complaints alleging invasion of privacy , in Germany the local authorities ruled that theaters have to warn their customers if they use such equipment , rendering their piracy trap useless .
To prevent movie goers from sneaking in recording equipment , movie theaters nowadays have implemented all sorts of security measures .
Employees are equipped with night - vision goggles so they can closely monitor the public and several theaters have metal detectors installed .
Despite all these expensive and invasive efforts to catch camcording pirates , nearly every new blockbuster still leaks onto the Internet , though often in poor quality .
One unsecured theater is enough to pirate a film .
Nevertheless , the film industry treats millions of paying movie goers as potential criminals and acts surprised when the public complains about it .
In Germany the local authorities decided to do something about this .
The state administration office of Sachsen - Anhalt ruled that movie visitors must be informed about the use of night vision goggles before they buy their tickets .
This advance notice allows them to decide if they want to be spied on or not .
The ruling came in response to a recent move by film distribution company Warner Bros .
that had instructed theater personnel to use night vision devices to prevent the film “ Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince ” from being camcorded .
The use of night vision goggles and other security gadgets has led to a handful of arrests worldwide , but has ruined the pleasure of “ a night at the movies ” for untold others .
The measures taken by the film industry to prevent illegal recordings from showing up online are similar to the use of DRM , they annoy honest customers while pirates circumvent them .
It 's been quite some time since my last tidings post , so I do n't think I can cover it all in great detail .
I 'll try anyway .
Specification
File test operations now look like $ str. IO ~~ :e ( r27503 )
( r27503 ) Some cool regex features were documented that previously only existed unofficially ( r27692 , r27695 )
The want ( ) function was removed as unimplementable ( r27755 ) .
Subroutines without signatures do n't always default to ( * @_ , * %_ ) , only when these variables are actually used ( r27801 ) .
, only when these variables are actually used ( r27801 ) .
Nil coercions ( r27882 )
Embedded comments now look like # ` [ ...] ( r27959 )
( r27959 ) infix : </>( Int , Int ) now produces a Rat object , that is a fraction .
now produces a Rat object , that is a fraction .
Changes to context , variables ( r28151 ) ; ::= now does read - only binding ( instead of compile time binding as before ) ( r28150 )
Rakudo
Rakudo had two releases by people other than Patrick Michaud , namely by me and Kyle Hasselbacher .
Among the highlights are much improved introspection capabilities , user defined traits , user defined and overloadable operators .
Jonathan also worked on the prototype of perl 5 integration into parrot .
MP6
Flavio Glock updated mp6 and bootstrapped in on SBCL .
perl6.org
We now have a shiny perl6.org site .
TPM reports that Reid is close to pulling off senatorial support for the public option - and the White House wants Olympia Snowe 's trigger option instead .
In other words , the White House wants the plan that wo n't work , so they can claim it 's a bipartisan plan .
Or is it that the administration wants a plan that wo n't really work , and they 're using bipartisanship as a cover ?
Just asking the obvious question , here :
Multiple sources tell TPMDC that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is very close to rounding up 60 members in support of a public option with an opt out clause , and are continuing to push skeptical members .
But they also say that the White House is pushing back against the idea , in a bid to retain the support of Sen. Olympia Snowe ( R - ME ) .
" They 're skeptical of opt out and are generally deferential to the Snowe strategy that involves the trigger , " said one source close to negotiations between the Senate and the White House .
" They 're certainly not calming moderate 's concerns on opt - out . "
This new development , which casts the White House as an opponent of all but the most watered down form of public option , is likely to yield backlash from progressives , especially those in the House who have been pushing for a more maximal version of reform .
It also suggests for perhaps the first time that the White House 's supposed hands off approach that ostensibly allowed the two chambers in Congress to craft their own bill has been discarded .
High level White House officials have floated the trigger idea a number of times , and it seems they continue to do so , even at this , crucial stage of the health care reform process , when their involvement is greatest .
That has senators who support the public option concerned .
No one seemed to be expecting Barack Obama to win the Nobel Peace Prize , despite the fact that the bookies were giving odds of seven to one , the same as they had on Morgan Tsvangirai , who was widely touted as the favourite .
But perhaps more surprising is the degree of disapproval with which many have greeted the news .
Critics have said that the award is premature and complained that the new US President has so far done nothing more than make a few inspirational speeches .
The prize , they say , should not be for effort but for results .
Some have even said that he has merely got the award just for not being George W Bush .
The Nobel decision - makers will look pretty foolish , they complain , if before he picks up the prize in December , Obama decides to send another 40,000 US troops to Afghanistan .
Such a response is misguided .
His nomination for the prize may have been submitted less than two weeks after he took office in February .
But in the time between then and the announcement yesterday Barack Obama has wrought a sea change in the international political climate .
Not being George Bush was a good start .
For Bush represented an arrogant , belligerent , unilateralist style of American foreign policy which served the world ill .
Obama arrived with a heart for peace and an openness of mind to other nations which was in itself a huge transformation .
He may see no alternative to fighting the war against al - Qa'ida in Afghanistan but everywhere else he has reasserted the importance of the United Nations and of multilateral diplomacy .
He replaced military threats with dialogue with Iran and North Korea .
He has begun talks with Russia over nuclear disarmament .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
He has prioritised peace in the Middle East .
He has reached out a hand of friendship to the Muslim world .
He has thrown Washington 's recalcitrant attitude to global warming into reverse .
All change begins with a change of mind by one individual and Obama has been that person .
The world now expects an awful lot more from him .
The Nobel award is a recognition of that too .
It is just not true that in the past the prize was awarded only where work for peace had reaped concrete proofs .
Many times it has been given as an encouragement to see the effort through .
In 1976 , the award to the Peace Women was intended to send a signal to the two battling communities in Northern Ireland .
In 1991 , Aung San Suu Kyi was already in jail when she won the prize in a well thought - out gesture of support for democracy in Burma .
In 1994 the Nobel committee hoped to maintain the momentum to peace in the Middle East by handing the prize to Yasser Arafat , Shimon Peres and Yitzhak Rabin .
The prize tries to enhance the future as well as celebrate past achievements .
In his will , the founder Alfred Nobel said that the prize should go " to the person who shall have done the most , or the best , work for fraternity between the nations and the abolition or reduction of standing armies and the formation and spreading of peace congresses " .
It is hard to think of anyone of whom that is truer last year than Barack Obama .
The prize may make life difficult for him domestically , giving his right - wing critics another stick with which to beat him over healthcare .
But to the rest of the world the US President is an inspiration .
The Audacity of Hope , he called one of his books .
Rarely has a single individual in recent times given so much of the world cause to dare to anticipate that a better world can yet be made .
Two Chinese scientists have successfully made an artificial black hole .
Since you 're still reading this , it 's safe to say that Earth has n't been sucked into its vortex .
That 's because a black hole does n't technically require a massive , highly concentrated gravitational field that prevents light from escaping , as postulated by Albert Einstein .
It just needs to capture light — or , to be more precise , electromagnetic radiation , of which visually perceived light is one form .
The desktop black hole , described in a paper submitted to arXiv on Monday , is made from 60 concentrically arranged layers of circuit board .
Each layer is coated in copper and printed with patterns that alternately vibrate or do n't vibrate in response to electromagnetic waves .
Together , the patterns completely absorbed microwave radiation coming from any direction , and converted their energy to heat .
Like a near - black hole designed earlier this year and made from photon - absorbing carbon nanotubes , the material could be used in solar energy panels .
Image : arXiv
See Also :
Citation : " An electromagnetic black hole made of metamaterials . "
By Qiang Cheng and Tie Jun Cui. arXiv , October 12 , 2009 .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points .
Webmaster Homepage
Islamists Target Christians ' Wherever They Can Reach Them '
by Raymond Ibrahim
Pajamas Media
December 3 , 2010
http://www.meforum.org/2791/islamists-target-christians
In 2006 , when Pope Benedict quoted history deemed unflattering to Islam , Christians around the Muslim world paid the price : anti-Christian riots ensued , churches were burned , and a nun was murdered in Somalia .
That was then .
Days ago , when a Christian in Egypt was accused of dating a Muslim woman , twenty - two Christian homes were set ablaze to cries of " Allah Akbar . "
Countless other examples of one group of Christians in the Muslim world being " punished " in response to other Christians exist .
In fact , the recent carnage in Baghdad , wherein Islamists stormed a church during mass , killing over fifty Christian worshippers , was a " response " to Egypt 's Coptic Christian church , which Islamists accuse of kidnapping and torturing Muslim women to convert to Christianity ( even if the well documented reality in Egypt is that Muslims regularly kidnap and force Christian women to convert to Islam ) .
Moreso , the al - Qaeda affiliated Islamists who perpetrated the Baghdad church massacre have further threatened Christians around the world :
All Christian centers , organizations and institutions , leaders and followers , are legitimate targets for the mujahedeen ( holy warriors ) wherever they can reach them ...
Let these idolaters [ Christians of the world ] , and at their forefront , the hallucinating tyrant of the Vatican [ Pope Benedict ] , know that the killing sword will not be lifted from the necks of their followers until they declare their innocence from what the dog of the Egyptian Church is doing .
The Australian Coal Association ’s campaign against the Government ’s Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme has been undermined from the outset by its own website .
The Australian Coal Association ’s campaign against the Government ’s emission trading scheme has been undermined from the outset by the Association ’s own website , which features material that directly contradicts the claims in its campaign , and by the CFMEU , which has attacked the campaign as “ blatantly dishonest . ”
The campaign was unveiled yesterday with considerable fanfare due to the involvement of Neil Lawrence , who was responsible for the successful “ Kevin ‘ 07 ” Labor advertising campaign before the last election .
The ACA claims in its campaign that the CPRS will “ cost the industry more than $ 14b over 10 years ” , cause 16 coal mines to close prematurely and cost 9000 jobs .
The figures are drawn from an Association - commissioned report by ACIL Tasman which compared a CPRS - based reference with “ business as usual ” , involving significant industry growth .
The 16 mine closures forecast are all of mines that would have closed anyway within a few years under “ business as usual ” .
The 9000 figure relied on an employment multiplier of 3 — i.e. only 3000 coal mining jobs were actually forecast to be lost .
But two links below the campaign video on the ACA website , the Association linked to an article “ Boom forecast for coal output “ .
The article includes industry estimates that 13 new coalmines would be opened and $ 23 billion invested in the sector between now and 2015 .
ABARE figures that the industry saw $ 10.4 b in new investment in the month of April 2009 alone were also quoted .
Conversely , the article quoted the Minerals Council of Australia rejecting ABARE speculation that a Japanese carbon levy might reduce demand for Australian coal .
Apparently moves to reduce greenhouse emissions in Japan wo n’t affect Australian coal but similar moves here will be a disaster .
The import of the article is clear : the effects of the CPRS even when modelled by industry - hired consultants will be swamped by industry growth fuelled by Asian demand .
Crikey emailed the ACA early this morning inviting comment on the disparity between the campaign and the material linked to by the Association .
No response had been received by deadline , but the link to the “ Boom forecast for coal output ” article was moved off the front page during the morning .
Google Cache shows the original page before the change .
It ’s yet another example of the extraordinary disparity between the optimism and endless growth spruiked by industry leaders when talking to investors and the financial media , and the apocalyptic forecasts that accompany their demands for compensation under the CPRS .
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
The key mining union , the CFMEU , has also savaged the industry campaign .
“ Industry research predicts mining jobs will increase by 120 per cent on 2006 - 07 levels in Queensland by 2030 under the Federal Government ’s plan for tackling climate change , ” CFMEU mining president Tony Maher said .
“ Australian coal mining companies are extremely profitable and will continue to be well into the future under the Federal Government ’s Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme .
This scare mongering is purely a cynical bid by mining giants to squeeze more money in compensation out of Australian taxpayers . ”
Dead right .
And the Association ’s own website shows why .
Recently by Ron Paul : The Fed ’s Interesting Week
Before the US House of Representatives , September 23 , 2009
Government has been mismanaging medical care for more than 45 years ; for every problem it has created it has responded by exponentially expanding the role of government .
Points to consider :
No one has a right to medical care .
If one assumes such a right , it endorses the notion that some individuals have a right to someone else ’s life and property .
This totally contradicts the principles of liberty .
If medical care is provided by government , this can only be achieved by an authoritarian government unconcerned about the rights of the individual .
Economic fallacies accepted for more than 100 years in the United States have deceived policy makers into believing that quality medical care can only be achieved by government force , taxation , regulations , and bowing to a system of special interests that creates a system of corporatism .
More dollars into any monopoly run by government never increases quality but it always results in higher costs and prices .
Government does have an important role to play in facilitating the delivery of all goods and services in an ethical and efficient manner .
The Dangers of Sociali ...
Best Price : $ 4.58 Buy New $ 4.80 ( as of 12:05 EST - Details )
First , government should do no harm .
It should get out of the way and repeal all the laws that have contributed to the mess we have .
The costs are obviously too high but in solving this problem one cannot ignore the debasement of the currency as a major factor .
Bureaucrats and other third parties must never be allowed to interfere in the doctor / patient relationship .
The tax code , including the ERISA laws , must be changed to give everyone equal treatment by allowing a 100 % tax credit for all medical expenses .
Laws dealing with bad outcomes and prohibiting doctors from entering into voluntary agreements with their patients must be repealed .
Tort laws play a significant role in pushing costs higher , prompting unnecessary treatment and excessive testing .
Patients deserve the compensation ; the attorneys do not .
Insurance sales should be legalized nationally across state lines to increase competition among the insurance companies .
Long - term insurance policies should be available to young people similar to term - life insurances that offer fixed prices for long periods of time .
The principle of insurance should be remembered .
Its purpose in a free market is to measure risk , not to be used synonymously with social welfare programs .
Any program that provides for first - dollar payment is no longer insurance .
This would be similar to giving coverage for gasoline and repair bills to those who buy car insurance or providing food insurance for people to go to the grocery store .
Obviously , that could not work .
Socialism : An Economic ...
Mises , Ludwig von Best Price : $ 9.29 Buy New $ 79.84 ( as of 11:25 EST - Details )
The cozy relationship between organized medicine and government must be reversed .
Early on , medical insurance was promoted by the medical community in order to boost re-imbursements to doctors and hospitals .
That partnership has morphed into the government / insurance industry still being promoted by the current administration .
Threatening individuals with huge fines by forcing them to buy insurance is a boon to the insurance companies .
There must be more competition for individuals entering into the medical field .
Licensing strictly limits the number of individuals who can provide patient care .
A lot of problems were created in 20th century as a consequence the Flexner Report ( 1910 ) , which was financed by the Carnegie Foundation and strongly supported by the AMA .
Many medical schools were closed and the number of doctors was drastically reduced .
The motivation was to close down medical schools that catered to women , minorities and especially homeopathy .
We continue to suffer from these changes , which were designed to protect physician ’s income and promote allopathic medicine over the more natural cures and prevention of homeopathic medicine .
Hugh Hefner teased a while back on Twitter about a possible Marge - Playboy collaboration .
We now can tell you that the Simpson matriarch will be featured in a three - page pictorial complete with an interview and a data sheet to mark The Simpsons ' 20th anniversary .
But if naked blue - haired cartoons are n't your forté , do n't worry .
Marge will not — we repeat , will not — be replacing the usual real - life human Playmate in the issue .
We have n't seen the Marge shots yet , so we can not tell you if the rug matches the drapes .
D'oh !
Sunburst Visualization
Posted in : javascript infovis toolkit , visualization
What 's the Sunburst Visualization ?
The " classic " Sunburst visualization uses horizontal labels for node names .
One problem with this is that as I mentioned in a previous post labels can be occluded .
One solution for this is to rotate labels in a way that they 're not occluded .
A simple yet important thing to do when rotating labels is to rotate the labels in a way that they 're always facing up .
In this example some labels are upside - down : A simple check could make labels more readable :
Another interesting thing that can be used with the Canvas Text API is the maxWidth parameter .
This is an optional parameter that can be used to try to force the text to fit some width .
I use this parameter when plotting the Sunburst visualization :
Node Styling and Behavior
NodeStyles : { attachToDOM : false , attachToCanvas : true , stylesHover : { ' color ' : '# d33 ' } , stylesClick : { ' color ' : ' # 3dd ' } , onClick : function ( node ) { // build right column relations list buildRightColumnRelationsList ( node ) ; // hide tip sb . tips .
tip .
style .
display = ' none ' ; //rotate sb . rotate ( node , ' animate ' , { ' duration ' : 1500 , ' transition ' : Trans .
Quart . easeInOut } ) ; } } ,
Tips : { allow : true , attachToDOM : false , attachToCanvas : true , on Show : function ( tip , node , elem ) { tip .
innerHTML = node .
name ; } } ,
Collapsing and Expanding Subtrees
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
In a previous post I showed the ForceDirected visualization I 'm working on for version 1.2 of the JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit , today I 'd like to talk about another visualization I 've been working on , the Sunburst Visualization I guess an example could help here :
A Sunburst visualization is a radial space - filling visualization technique for displaying tree like structures .
There are other space - filling visualization methods that use other visual encodings for describing hierarchies .
For example , the Treemap is a space - filling visualization that uses " containment " to show " parent - child " relationships .
There are a couple of subtle changes that can improve the way the information is communicated by this visualization .
The visualization also implements events for hovering and clicking nodes .
You can also provide any number of styles to be smoothly updated when hovering and clicking nodes .
There 's also onClick and onHover callbacks that are called when a node is clicked or hovered respectively .
For example , this is the configuration I used in the previous example :
You can also add tool - tips as I did in the example .
The configuration I used was : Node styling and tool - tips can be attached to DOM elements ( like HTML or SVG labels ) or they can also be attached to the Canvas .
The latter method uses an internal MouseEventManager to calculate the position of the mouse event and determine which node of the graph is being hovered or clicked .
I 've been also implementing animations for collpasing / expanding subtrees :
The collapsing process reduces the angle span occupied by a parent node and sets its children alpha value to zero .
There 's also a visual mark set for collapsed nodes .
I hope you like this visualization .
There 's still much work to do , mostly regarding browser compatibility .
I 'll keep you up to date with the progress of this visualization and the next visualization I 'll be implementing in the next post :)
Pakistani government to import 636.116 million condoms to overcome population growth
The government has devised a five - year future plan ( 2009 - 2014 ) to import contraceptives valuing $ 39.903 million including condoms , reveals the document presented before the National Assembly Standing Committee on Population Welfare here on Thursday .
The document shows that the government plans to purchase contraceptives including condoms , injectables , honormonal ( pills ) and IUD — long acting reversible contraceptive birth control device placed in the uterus .
It shows that the government plans to purchase 636.116 million condoms costing $ 22.426 million , 7.185 million injectables costing $ 9.714 million , 24.226 million honormonal ( pills ) worth $ 5.730 million and 1.072 million IUD costing $ 2.032 million .
According to the data showing last five years ( 2004 - 09 ) record , the government imported contraceptives valuing $ 20.493 million .
The contraceptives included 470.401 million condoms costing $ 11.107 million , 4.184 million injectables costing $ 3.864 million , 13.415 million honormonal ( pills ) costing $ 4.590 million and 1.072 million IUD valuing $ 0.968 million .
Meanwhile , the Senate Standing Committee on Population Welfare in its separate meeting expressed its serious concern over rapid growth of population and directed the population welfare ministry to associate civil society , media and Ulema / Mashaikh with the population welfare programmes being pursued by the government for achieving the desired results .
The committee , which met at the under the chairmanship of Senator Prof .
Khursheed Ahmed instructed that the program be managed professionally and skillfully by taking into consideration the religious norms , social values and sensitivities of the people .
“ Instead of blind imitation of the West , we should focus on our cultural context and indigenous approach ” , it observed .
The committee reminded that countries like Iran , Indonesia , Bangladesh and Egypt have succeeded in reducing their population growth rate by bringing their respective population programmes in conformity with the local values .
The meeting underlined the need of launching an aggressive awareness campaign utilizing the print and electronic media for advocacy , information and education but cautioned it should not lose sight of local conditions , social norms and values .
It must have the services of religious leaders as well as local elders , adopting a holistic approach to bring modification in attitudes for ultimately achieving the small family norm
Earlier , the committee was informed that with the population growth rate of 1.8 % per annum Pakistan is 6th most populous country in the world and its population will double in 39 years as about three million people are being added annually .
GENEVA  Iran agreed on Thursday in talks with the United States and other major powers to open its newly revealed uranium enrichment plant near Qum to international inspection in the next two weeks and to send most of its openly declared enriched uranium outside Iran to be turned into fuel for a small reactor that produces medical isotopes , senior American and other Western officials said .
Iran ’s agreement in principle to export most of its enriched uranium for processing  if it happens  would represent a major accomplishment for the West , reducing Iran ’s ability to make a nuclear weapon quickly and buying more time for negotiations to bear fruit .
If Iran has secret stockpiles of enriched uranium , however , the accomplishment would be hollow , a senior American official conceded .
The officials described the long day of talks here with Iran , the first such discussions in which the United States has participated fully , as a modest success on a long and complicated road .
Iran had at least finally engaged with the big powers on its nuclear program after more than a year and had agreed to some tangible , confidence - building steps before another meeting with the same participants before the end of this month .
£ 12,000 portrait revealed to be a £ 100 m Leonardo after art detectives discover the master 's fingerprint
£ 100 m surprise : Experts believe the fingerprint found in the top left hand corner of the painting , previously billed as ' German , early 19thC ' , could be that of Leonardo da Vinci's
Art experts believe a new Leonardo da Vinci portrait may have been discovered - thanks to a fingerprint .
The painting , titled Young Girl in Profile in Renaissance Dress , recently sold for a mere £ 12,000 ( $ 19,000 ) .
It was billed at a Christie 's sale in 1998 as ' German , early 19th century ' .
Now a growing number of leading art experts agree that it is almost certainly by Leonardo da Vinci and could be worth about £ 100 million .
A Paris laboratory has found that a fingerprint on the picture is ' highly comparable ' to one on a da Vinci work in the Vatican , which was painted early in the artist 's career when he was thought not to use assistants .
A forensic art expert found the print near the top left of the work , corresponding to the tip of the index or middle - finger , was ' highly comparable ' to a fingerprint on da Vinci 's St Jerome in the Vatican .
The magazine said that infrared analysis showed ' significant ' stylistic parallels with those in da Vinci 's Portrait of a Woman in Profile in Windsor Castle and shows that the drawing and hatching were made by a left - handed artist , as da Vinci is known to have been .
Drawn in ink and chalks , the beautiful young lady 's costume and elaborate hairstyle reflect Milanese fashion of the late 15th century , while carbon analysis of the artwork is consistent with such a dating , the magazine reported .
Da Vinci scholar Martin Kemp , Emeritus Professor of the History of Art at Oxford University , believes that ' by a process of elimination ' , the fresh - faced teenager , shown in profile , could be Bianca Sforza , daughter of Ludovico Sforza , Duke of Milan ( 1452 -1508 ) and his mistress Bernardina de Corradis .
Prof Kemp believes the portrait , which measures 13ins by 9ins , must date from around 1496 when , aged 13 or 14 , the ' Bella Principessa ' married the Duke 's army captain , Galeazzo Sanseverino , a patron of da Vinci's .
Tragically , she died four months after the wedding .
It would be da Vinci 's first known portrait of the princess , although he painted two of the Duke 's mistresses Cecilia Gallerani and Lucrezia Crivelli .
Experts said the fingerprint was ' highly comparable ' to a fingerprint on da Vinci 's St Jerome ( right ) in the Vatican , the artist seen ( left ) in a 19th century portrait
The picture was sold at Christie 's in New York in 1998 , in an Old Master Drawings sale as a Young Girl in Profile in Renaissance Dress - catalogued as ' German , early 19th century ' , with an estimate of 12,000 to 16,000 dollars .
It went under the hammer for 19,000 dollars and was later sold for a similar sum to a Canadian - born connoisseur , Peter Silverman , in 2007 .
Mr Silverman believed that there was more to the portrait and started to look into the matter after a discussion last year with Dr Nicholas Turner , formerly Keeper of Prints and Drawings at the British Museum .
The portrait is due to go on display in an exhibition in Sweden next year .
I ’ve mentioned Israeli Ambassador Michael Oren ’s decision to quite conspicuously refuse to attend the J Street conference next week .
Not content to simply plead a busy schedule , Oren suggested that J Street might be anti-Israel and thus an inappropriate forum for a visit .
But Tzipi Livni , head of the main opposition party , Kadima , has just sent a letter just as conspicuously disassociating herself and her party from Oren ’s and ( more broadly ) the Likud government ’s position .
That is a decision of great significance .
Quite apart from the policy disputes behind the J Street controversy ( and Livni makes clear that she is not necessarily on board with all J Street ’s positions ) , the Netanyahu government ’s stance in this case represents a quite novel and very shortsighted decision to , in essence , write off a big chunk of American Jewry and class them amongst Israel ’s foes .
To be fair , much of the dispute here is about how much of American Jewry J Street represents .
My hunch is that Oren / Netanyahu are both trying to answer the question by force , as it were — rhetorical force , but force nonetheless — but also genuinely misreading where the American Jewish community is on the big issues in the Middle East .
Now Livni has made J Street a point of division within Israeli politics as well .
( Credit : Mypharox.com )
Last week Lemnis Lighting grabbed headlines in the United States when it began selling the Pharox60 LED , a light - emitting diode product that the company describes as the “ first true replacement for the incandescent bulb . ”
Indeed , there are many noteworthy features of the Pharox60 .
The company says the bulb gives off a warm light , is dimmable and is 90 percent more energy efficient than an incandescent .
And while the $ 40 price tag may seem steep , the bulb lasts an estimated 25 years and pays for itself in energy savings after the first three , according to Lemnis .
But one claim in particular — that the Pharox60 uses just six watts of electricity but gives off enough light to replace a 60 - watt incandescent — caught the attention of Green Inc .
The light output of the Pharox60 is 336 lumens , which falls well shy of the amount of light given off by most 60 - watt bulbs .
“ Hopefully , consumers know that 336 lumens is low output for a 60 watt , ” said James Brodrick , manager of the solid state lighting program at the Department of Energy .
“ Roughly , it should be 850 lumens or better . ”
When Green Inc. asked about the claim back in May when the bulb was previewed at a lighting industry trade show , Warner Philips , the founder of Lemnis , said that the light output was comparable to that of a 60 - watt incandescent , depending on where the bulb was used and for what purpose .
This week , Mr. Philips continued to stand by this position , adding that if you use the Pharox60 in a directional way ( “ either pointing down from recessed cans , or pointing up from a relatively low position , e.g. , a coffee table ” ) , the 60 - watt claim is a fair one .
However , in a follow - up conversation , Mr. Philips conceded that the way information is presented on the Pharox60 label “ might insinuate that it could replace any 60 - watt incandescent . ”
This was after he had consulted with officials at the Department of Energy and Energy Star .
“ We ’re considering changing the packaging , ” Mr. Philips told Green Inc .
“ It might even be misleading . ”
Mr. Philips said the equivalency claim was based on how the light functions from a “ consumer experience approach , ” rather than a technical one .
In focus groups conducted by the company , he explained , people felt that the light from the Pharox60 was comparable to that of a 60 - watt incandescent .
“ If you show people the quality of light without getting into technical specifics , they say , ‘ Wow , this is great , ’ ” Mr. Philips said .
Lemnis thinks the Pharox60 could be the first product to qualify for the soon - to - be started Energy Star program for LED replacement bulbs .
Under the draft specifications , however , the Pharox60 ’s light output would need to increase appreciably to get to the 800 lumens required to qualify as a replacement for a standard 60 - watt incandescent , or the 450 lumens required to replace a standard 40 - watt bulb .
The company will begin considering changes to the label right away .
“ We do n’t want to be misleading , ” Mr. Philips said .
“ It would be a very short term advantage . ”
It is a shame that civics and AMERICAN HISTORY is not taught in schools the way it should be .
And it is a SHAME , that a program like " ABC's Schoolhouse Rock " is not here today .
LORD KNOWS , WE NEED IT .
Home Page
Most people use paintbrushes and other drawing utensils to compose their art on canvases and paper .
Cheeming Boey on the other hand , uses a Sharpie and depicts his art on Styrofoam cups .
Ever since 2006 , Boey started drawing on foam cups as a hobby and has now turned into a serious business .
Each cup takes a few hours to several months to create and is sold for hundreds of dollars around the world .
Check out Boey ’s entire collection of cup artwork on his Flickr page .
One of the Apple - related talks given at this year 's Black Hat security conference dealt with keyboard firmware .
Given by " KChen , " the talk discussed " Reversing and Exploiting an Apple Firmware Update . "
While it may not seem like much on the surface , the truth quickly becomes apparent : if someone gains access to your keyboard 's firmware , there are a multitude of ways in which they can further compromise your machine .
There are two ways in which this exploit can be perpetrated .
The first is if someone has physical access to your computer and your administrative password , and the second is if someone has already gained access to a machine remotely through a rootkit hack .
Why would an attacker want anything to do with a keyboard when he already has free reign on a system ?
The answer , as KChen pointed out , is that an affected user can patch the rootkit exploit and even reformat the drive , but the attacker could still have access to the keyboard .
Chen showed during his session ( downloadable in .pdf format ) how he reverse engineered Apple 's firmware packages and created his own .
He even demonstrated how to alter a system so that it thinks its keyboard firmware is n't up to date .
His presentation slides are quite technical , but the majority of the information is phrased in a way that most people can understand , minus the code examples .
The reason a firmware takeover on a keyboard can potentially be so dangerous is that the keyboards have 256 bytes of RAM and 8 KB of " flash . "
Not all of that is used , meaning arbitrary code can be stored .
The example that Chen gives is a simple keystroke logger that he claims can hold over a 1,000 keystrokes ( his example stored about a dozen ) .
This allows an exploiter to intercept anything the user types , including administrative passwords .
Further , if the attacker wishes , he can do things like disable certain keys and even destroy a keyboard with no possibility of reflashing .
This applies to Apple 's desktop keyboards as well as its laptop keyboards .
Chen also pointed out that , in combination with an unpatched machine , an attacker could use a Safari zero - day exploit to destroy Apple keyboards .
As is the case with most Black Hat speakers , Chen 's intentions are n't malicious .
Many speakers at the conference do IT security research or work in the field and are genuinely concerned about the security of the things we all use and love .
The hope is that Apple patches the exploit , and soon .
Listing image by resignent
2006-07-26
Posted July 26 , 2006 at 12:00 am
Yoho !
Right now I figure I 'll do two updates per day .
One in the morning and one at night .
So , if you guys want , just check around 10 AM and 10 PM Pacific time to get the latest idiocy .
I wanted to give some thanks to the WCCAs for the award for Best Single Panel .
My official stance has now changed from " these awards are just a popularity contest " to " these awards are just an AWESOME popularity contest . "
Seriously , Toothpaste for Dinner got robbed .
Speaking of which , so did Reva .
I wo n't mention by name the comic that won for Best Use of the Infinite Canvas , but I will put forth that the experience of reading it is n't significantly different from reading Blondie while rotating the newspaper 360 degrees in between panels .
Synch is the only comic I 've ever seen that really makes use of the way the Internet works .
Visually the Internet does n't offer much of anything more than TV or newspapers .
Yet , due in large part to Scott McCloud , visual things have thusfar been the main focus of attempts to reinvent comics by way of the Internet .
The real reinvention is n't about drawing incredibly wide / tall comics or doing nifty crap with flash - it's about making use of the unique organization , display , and distribution abilities of computers and the Internet .
In the case of Synch , this is the use of a sort of visual hypertexting .
But I digress .
I also want to congratulate all the other recipients .
In particular , lots of love to Jeph whom I somehow neglected to congratulate at Comic - Con .
I could blog a lot about San Diego , but most of it has probably already been said in bigger venues .
Suffice it to say it was a truly remarkable experience to meet the friendly faces behind a lot of my favorite comics .
Scott seemed to be having the most fun .
However , ( sorry Liz ) , R Stevens was clearly the hottest person present aside from the guy from Beastmaster III and the thiry - five year old man hailed as the " Yu - Gi - Oh Master " whose job consisted largely of trouncing twenty - five year olds at a game enjoyed mainly by fifteen year olds which was designed for five year olds .
I wish I 'd gotten to hang out with people more , but I seemed to be continually sidetracked , and was , in any case , EXHAUSTED by the end of each day .
However , much love to the people from Dayfree who spent some time with me , particularly the young gentleman from Combustible Orange whose name I neglected to learn .
Until tomorrow !
- Zach
Posted by emanhashim on 29 Sep 2009 / 0 Comment
Last month , Soad Abdel Rassoul from Radio Netherlands published an Arabic translation for a Chinese advertisement targeting Middle East countries .
The product ?
Artificial Virginity Hymen .
The majority of comments on this product have been from men .
Interestingly , the only woman to speak out on this issue so far is Abdel Rassoul .
Abdel Rassoul said :
China is a coutnry that has really understood us and revealed our truth , our diseases , and our obsession with image but not content .
We are a contradictory nation that suffers from severe schizophrenia .
By selling us prayer beads , Ramadan lanterns , Hajj clothes , veiled Barbie dolls , Islamic swimsuits , and no hymens , China has been caressing the “ Islamic ” concept inside all of us by providing us with the image of what we want others to see in us , even if it is just a lie .
Afterwards , a lot of buzz started to evolve around the possibility of having such a product in Egypt : many bloggers posted their opinions about it , comments and topics were on several forums , even jokes started to spread about the issue .
Sheikh Saied Askar , a member of the parliamentary bloc of the Muslim Brotherhood and a member of the Committee of Religious Affairs of the People ’s Assembly , has stated a warning to the Egyptian government from allowing such an action on the bloc ’s official website .
Sheikh Askar stated :
Girls in general are afraid of committing such a sin for the sake of preserving their membranes and the presence of such products will tempt the weak souls to commit it as the availability of an alternative is now everywhere .
On the same site , Dr. Fared Ismail , member of the same bloc and Health Committee of People ’s Assembly , strongly disapproved allowing the entrance of this product in the Egyptian market considering this action — in his own words – “ mutilation of the society ’s high values ” .
In his comment on the issue for the BBC news , Professor Abdul Mouti Bayoumi , a professor at Al Azhar university , said this of the fake virginity product :
“ [ This product ’s release is ]
Akin to spreading vice in society , a crime punishable by death in Islamic Sharia law . ”
So any Egyptian girl who does n’t have premarital sexual relationships does so only for the sake of staying a virgin ?
So virginity as a virtue and a concept is all about the hymen ?
I am not defending the product , nor am I defending premarital sex .
I am offended by the implication and questioning the value of “ virginity ” .
Let ’s assume for a second that this is the case , that the hymen is everything .
So this is how women are supposed to be treated ?
Like children who are better kept away from danger cause they are incapable neither of protecting themselves , nor telling right from wrong ?
Notice how Askar refers to women as “ girls . ”
According to Askar , a woman is a weak creature who is incapable of choosing what to do and what not to do , and is easily tempted to commit “ sins ” if they became closer and easier to her .
No mention is made of how the fake hymen may tempt men to sin — does n’t a man face the same temptation ?
Rather than asking ourselves what made China come up with such an idea or why there ’s a very high possibility that the manufacturer of this product might hit his first million from selling it in Egypt , we are “ afraid ” that it might just make sex easier and in turn , more common .
In a community that worships appearances and gives minimal — if any — attention to the reality of things , it ’s no wonder that news of a product like this can spread quickly .
Also a lot of the buzz surrounded the fact that the existence of such an option will make it harder for men to make sure that their brides are natural virgins or not , as if the worth of a wife was measured only by her hymen .
Not to mention the fact that now women can have premarital sexual experiences without detection the same way men have been able to do .
What would make a girl uses such a product and lie such a lie ?
In a community that never blames a man for having premarital sex ( and in fact sometimes considers it a plus ) , a woman takes all the blame , which can end in ruined reputations , inability to find a husband , or even “ honor killings . ”
So the fake hymen is a way to survive , or at the least , have one ’s cake and eat it , too .
Rather than fearing the spread of the complications , I think it ’s better to look closer to the main reason of the problem … not just what it “ looks ” like or what ’s on the surface .
Otherwise , do n’t blame someone who tries to fix the problem in the same way !
Editor ’s Note :
The story about a fake hymen for sale has recently been uncovered as a hoax , and the reporter who covered it , Amira al Tahawi , has been fired from her position at Radio Netherlands .
The Forgotten ( 2009 - present ) TV Series ( exec. producer )
Dark Blue ( 2009 - present ) TV Series ( exec. producer )
Eleventh Hour ( 2008 - 2009 ) TV Series ( exec. producer )
Justice ( 2006 ) TV Series ( exec. producer )
E- Ring ( 2005 –2006 ) TV Series ( exec. producer )
Close to Home ( 2005 - 2007 ) TV Series ( exec. producer )
Just Legal ( 2005 –2006 ) TV Series ( exec. producer )
CSI : NY ( 2004 – present ) TV Series ( exec. producer )
Skin ( 2003 ) TV Series ( exec. producer )
Cold Case ( 2003 – present ) TV Series ( exec. producer )
Profiles from the Front Line ( 2003 ) TV Series ( exec. producer )
Without a Trace ( 2002 –2009 ) TV Series ( exec. producer )
CSI : Miami ( 2002 – present ) TV Series ( exec. producer )
CSI : Crime Scene Investigation ( 2000 – present ) TV Series ( exec. producer )
Soldier of Fortune , Inc. ( 1997 –1998 ) TV Series ( exec. producer )
I 'll keep this short as I 'm low on time ( I 've been writing and watching for about 3 hours now ) , and I do n't want to go overboard and rail on the show for paragraphs .
I also want to spend time examining Jerry Bruckheimer 's shows and his lack of a hit in years .
Christian Slater stars as Alex Donovan , head of the branch of the Forgotten Network .
They are a group of civilians who use their time identifying unknown dead bodies and on occasion , finding the villain .
Think of it as Cold Case with the crimes occurring in present day with the investigators being regular people .
After a long drawn out search and eventual capture of the criminal , it felt empty .
Throughout the episode , the victim voiced over what she felt or did .
I thought it was really stupid especially if she did n't have anything good to say .
I guess the forgotten still need to talk to the audience .
The characters were n't compelling and the dialogue was pretty cheesy at times .
Score : 7.5/10 Assuming this show gets canceled , and I 'm fairly certain it will , this marks yet another Bruckheimer failure in recent years , not that some of his other shows were as bad as the Forgotten .
I 've taken a list from Wikipedia of shows he 's produced and bolded the hits .
Notice something ?
There has n't been a show lasting over 2 season since 2004 .
I liked Close to Home and Eleventh Hour , but those were also canceled .
Jerry Bruckheimer is still TV gold , but you 've got to wonder what happened to his unprecedented success .
It could be because he is n't producing shows only for CBS .
That could be the case but it 's obvious from the evidence Bruckheimer is at least on a slump .
I 'm sure he 'll find a few more hits in his career , but the time of plunking the Bruckheimer label on a show and expecting ratings success is over .
SUNRISE , Fla . —
The Sunshine State has provided a new dawn for the Devils , who desperately needed this do - over from the start of their season .
Two straight triumphs pulled them back to .500 after two opening defeats , and this fragile team is n’t much concerned about style or opposition strength quite yet .
The important aspect , to them , of their 3 - 2 victory over the Panthers last night was the word victory .
“ We ’ll take it , we ’ll take it , ” Jacques Lemaire said after the Devils gave back two leads before winning on David Clarkson ’s power - play goal with 3:35 left to play .
“ Overall , this was probably our best game from the first minute to the last , ” Lemaire said .
“ We ’re playing better and better and I still think we can play better .
I think it ’s coming . ”
The Devils outshot Florida 16 - 4 in the first , but did n’t connect until 11:14 of the second , when Paul Martin centered from behind the net , through the legs of Panthers defenseman Keith Ballard , for Rob Niedermayer to rap home from the front of the crease .
Rostislav Olesz answered at 13:58 , converting a 2 - on - 1 feed from Radek Dvorak , past Johnny Oduya , with Martin a step behind Olesz .
Travis Zajac put New Jersey in front again at 17:47 of the second , set up in the slot on the power play by Andy Greene , who has assists in both games he has played this season .
Zajac ’s goal was his third of the year .
Zajac was in the box when Florida ’s Stephen Weiss tied the score 2 - 2 at 14:37 of the third .
But with the team ’s confidence in the balance , Clarkson gave New Jersey the victory by steering in Zajac ’s power - play pass to the top of the crease .
“ It ’s important for our identity , because sometimes there are bad bounces .
That ’s the resilience , ” Bryce Salvador said .
Martin Brodeur was solid again , surely the most important sign for the Devils .
“ In these two games on this road trip , ” Brodeur said , “ we did a lot of good things . ”
Mostly , win .
*
After an extremely high NHL source last night told The Post that the Devils have terminated the contract of 40 - year - old Brendan Shanahan , Devils GM Lou Lamoriello confirmed that the NHL ’s leading active goal - scorer is now an unrestricted free agent .
Lamoriello also confirmed that Shanahan ’s $ 1 million salary now comes off his salary - cap hit .
Shanahan re-signed with New Jersey during the summer , but essentially was “ cut ” at season ’s start .
The NHL granted the Devils non-roster status for Shanahan , who was then placed on waivers .
NHL commissioner Gary Bettman last night called dire predictions of a dramatic decrease in the NHL ’s salary cap next season “ absurd . ”
“ Over the last few months , there ’s been a lot of speculation that the cap ’s going to go down 20 percent .
That ’s absurd .
That ’s just made - up .
It is n’t going to happen , ” Bettman said .
“ I think it will be somewhere near where it is ( $ 56.8 million ) , up a little , down a little , somewhere near where it is . ”
Devils visit Caps tomorrow .
. . .
Ilkka Pikkarainen sat as Pierre - Luc Letourneau - Leblond made his season debut .
Cory Murphy and Andrew Peters remained healthy scratches .
. . .
Ex -Devil Scott Clemmensen dressed as backup to Tomas Vokoun after returning from his grandmother ’s funeral in Iowa .
mark.everson@nypost.com
* I am mystified as to the problems people have with Vista .
I have been using Vista intensively on a variety of desktops and laptops for a couple of years and have had no problems at all .
I have found no way in which it is not superior to XP .
It has been completely stable and fast .
It looks nice .
I think most of Vista 's bad PR is spin and misunderstanding and , yes , user error .
And no , I do not work for MSFT .
DP says : I agree with you !
I 've made a few jokes about Vista in my time , but I 've never felt that it deserves the vitriol .
There 's something else at work here .
I think it 's the religious war .
Whenever the subject is Apple or Microsoft , the religious war rears its head , and Vista was the anti-Microsoft population 's chance to pile on .
* You mentioned in your article " I found a couple of smaller , older programs that would n't work in Windows 7 . "
How about a little detail here ?
Can you give us a list of programs that will and will not work with Windows 7 ?
DP says : Well , for example , CBS News has a special online app called TREX , which employees like me use to file our receipts for reimbursement .
It does n't let me log in from Windows 7 .
( CBS confirmed this . )
To check compatibility with a particular app , you can try Microsoft 's Windows 7 Compatibility list here : http://bit.ly/1gW6Ns.
And for regular desktop apps that have trouble , you can usually get away with using Windows 7's " XP compatibility mode " to make it run ( Google it for instructions ) .
* Real operating systems do n't provide email support , or web browser support , or document editing support .
When you start bundling these applications into the operating system , you create bloated software with poor performance .
Sure , it makes sense if you want all your customers to use just your software , but you also open yourself up to antitrust litigation , and rightfully so .
Virus can easily corrupt the software and you probably have to reinstall the driver in question or the whole operating system , not to mention the data it can erase .
There ’s been much debate on whether a virus can damage your hardware or not .
I say , with 100 % certainty that it can .
That does n’t mean that every virus is capable of doing it , but a virus is capable of damaging hardware like hard drive , DVD drive , processor , motherboard , etc .
How does a virus damage the hardware
Hardware is controlled by software ( drivers and operating system ) , virus is a software and if somehow it replace the controlling software , it can control the hardware .
Once a virus is in a position of controlling the hardware , it can damage it for example :
1. Carrying a certain action many times like writing - rewriting on hard drive millions of time to generate bad cluster in it .
2. Controlling the speeds like slowing down the processor ’s fan speed while overclocking the processor to burn it .
3 . Erase the firmware of devices and BIOS of motherboard .
4 . A virus can control the graphics and send abnormal signals to the LCD monitor damaging it permanently .
A virus specially designed to perform a special malfunction in hardware without being detected by any anti virus can do a damage of millions before being detected .
History is full of such examples .
Viruses that actually damaged the hardware
I have compiled some examples from the past where a virus damaged the hardware directly or indirectly .
Motherboards , drivers and OS are smarter and efficient nowadays , but so do the viruses .
The evolution of good mind and bad mind is parallel , while the good minds design anti virus , OS , hardware and software , the bad mind developed the virus to destroy them .
1. Chernobyl
In 1998 , Chen Ing Hau of Taiwan devised a virus that was later coined with the name : Chernobyl .
The virus he wrote was n’t meant to infect systems , but somehow leaked and became one of the most harmful widely circulated viruses .
While performing many other damaging acts , it actually erased BIOS from many computers .
Computers that had motherboards based on the Intel 430TX chipset were the most vulnerable to it .
The remedy was to buy the new BIOS chip but most people bought new motherboard due to lack of knowledge .
2. Kriz
Kriz or W32 . Kriz was discovered a year after Chernobyl virus and uses the same methods of effecting the hardware .
Many believed that it was an extension of Chernobyl .
Kriz was capable of overwriting data on the floppy , hard drive and RAM and erasing data from BIOS .
3. Magistr
Magistr was unleashed into the world in year 2001 .
The virus was capable of deleting all the data from BIOS and hard drive .
Like most other viruses it also spreads from email , it searches the address book of infected computer and sends an mail to list infected with it .
Magistr can sit in your computer silently without letting anyone know and releases its wrath suddenly , deleting all your data from hard drive and / or BIOS .
These were some of the famous examples about which there exist no doubt that they damaged hardware .
But often users report hardware malfunction due to virus attack so there are millions of hidden viruses that can do serious damage to the hardware mostly to CD / DVD drives .
The only way out is to use a good and updated antivirus .
The third round of the Carling Cup begins on Tuesday as the big names enter the competition .
Watch Leeds v Liverpool live on Sky Sports 2 & HD2 from 7.30 pm
The third round of the Carling Cup begins on Tuesday as the major forces from the Premier League enter the competition and lower league opponents chase an upset .
Arsenal and Liverpool both face difficult fixtures in their first outings in this season 's tournament , while there are also all - top - flight games and a host of evenly - matched ties which catch the eye .
It has been a while sincelifted silverware , however , the trend for fielding second - string sides in the Carling Cup is unlikely to change when the Reds renew rivalries with Simon Grayson's , who are former Premier League giants , live onat Elland Road .
Arsene Wenger ' sare desperate for a trophy and would welcome the League Cup to their collection , but that is unlikely to stop the Frenchman gambling with wholesale changes to his team for the arrival of Championship leaders .
Top - flight sidesand , who defeated London foes Millwall in a bad - tempered second - round meeting , clash at the Reebok Stadium , whileandcross swords at the Stadium of Light . reached the semi-final of the competition last season and caused a number of shocks along the way , but Owen Coyle 's side now hold Premier League status and will want to avoid a shock away atface a difficult trip to the City Ground to take on , whilewill also have their work cut out when Championship sidevisit the Britannia Stadium .
have endured a wretched start to the season and have yet to record a league win , so under - pressure boss Paul Hart will be nervous when travelling to League One outfit .
Championship rivalsandmeet at London Road , whilehost League Two outfit
The personal injury attorneys at The Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman in Boston are a different kind of legal firm .
We have extensive experience and a long track record of successes in settlements and trials across the Commonwealth of Massachusetts .
Beyond that , our clients know we care .
They trust us , knowing we prevail in some of the most challenging cases - including those with the most serious injuries and in which proof of liability may be heavily disputed .
We have recovered millions of dollars and helped over 20,000 injured clients in Boston and beyond - even when some were initially uncertain of their claim 's viability .
Why Choose Our Personal Injury Attorneys
Our Massachusetts injury attorneys devote ample time to every case we take on , from initial consultation to resolution - and appeals too if necessary .
We conduct thorough investigations , work with some of the most highly - qualified expert witnesses and use our expansive knowledge of the state and federal legal system to help you deftly navigate claims ranging from simple and straightforward injury to exceedingly complex class - action lawsuits and multi-district litigation .
Our attorneys are also skilled orators , adept at delivering persuasive arguments in every setting - from early talks across mediation tables to the closing arguments of a complicated jury trial .
As a team , we are proud of building one of the most prominent civil injury law firms in Greater Boston , with integrity and innumerable recommendations and testimonials from former clients , as well as our peers in the legal community .
At The Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman , we are committed and uncompromising on our goal of ensuring individuals and families we represent receive the full and fair compensation to which they are entitled .
When a sudden catastrophic injury or wrongful death of a loved one upends your life ( especially leaving you unable to work or enjoy activities in which you once reveled ) , your first thought may not be pursuit of legal action .
Inevitably though , many families soon confront the crushing financial fallout .
The sooner you hire a qualified injury attorney , the faster we can launch our investigation , giving us the best chance to preserve important evidence .
Life may never again be the same , but our dedicated legal team strives to help clients recover damages from those whose careless , reckless or intentional acts caused lasting harm .
In doing so , we achieve accountability .
When our Massachusetts injury law firm seeks a finding of liability against reckless drivers , careless doctors , negligent property owners , dangerous product manufacturers or employers who fail to provide safe workplaces , it sends a strong message :
This is n't tolerable .
If you breach your duty to keep others safe or perform your job to the standard expected , you will answer for the damage you cause .
Ultimately , our mission is to help make Boston a safer place .
Our Massachusetts injury attorneys operate on a contingency fee basis .
Unique circumstances of each case will dictate the exact terms , but essentially this means we arrange at the outset to accept a percentage of whatever we win for you - and only if we win .
You are not responsible to pay attorney 's fees if we are ultimately unsuccessful with your claim .
Each civil claim is subject to a statute of limitations that sets a deadline on filing your claim - or else a victim loses the opportunity forever .
The question of how much time you have may be more complicated than it initially seems because the law does sometimes allow for " tolling " ( pausing ) of the time limits under certain conditions .
Generally though , claims for personal injury , medical malpractice and wrongful death must be filed within three years , per MGL Ch. 260 § 2A , MGL Ch. 260 § 4 and MGL Ch. 229 § 2 . Workers ' compensation claims usually need to be filed within four years .
Depending on the case , there may be specific notice requirements that could preclude recovery .
This is another reason why it is important to secure experienced personal injury representation as soon as possible .
Hiring a Massachusetts injury attorney is a big decision .
The person you trust with the outcome of your case is someone with whom you will be working closely for months or even years , and whose work may profoundly impact your future .
We 've taken on tough cases other attorneys turned down - and won .
Those include clients injured while intoxicated or by defendants who intentionally caused harm ( something for which most insurers wo n't provide coverage ) .
We 've secured more than $ 15 million for women who suffered life - altering injuries due to dangerous and defective vaginal mesh , more than $ 9 million for a baby whose cerebral palsy was caused by medical malpractice , $ 3.8 million for a motorcyclist who suffered catastrophic injuries in a crash and more than $ 3.2 million for a child injured in an automobile collision caused in part by a defective product .
Occasionally , other Massachusetts law firms will refer cases to us because they recognize us as a leader in this field and know we have the skill and the means to deliver advantageous outcomes in some of the most difficult legal matters .
Our client testimonials are extensive , with expressions of gratitude filled with words like , " wonderful , " " diligent , " " patient , " " persistent " and " amazing . "
Many underscore that , with our dedication , " Justice did prevail . "
Attorneys at The Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman work tirelessly to secure the best possible outcome in every case .
One of the greatest assets that sets us apart is the comprehensive and wide - ranging experience of every member of our legal team .
Jeff Glassman has been practicing civil injury law and fighting for injured victims in Boston for more than a quarter century .
Closely familiar with the strong - arm tactics used by insurers and powerful corporate defendants in so many of these cases , Glassman is never cowed into an unfair settlement .
Neither he nor any member of his team will hesitate to pursue claims to trial or appeals .
Our injury attorneys in Massachusetts have experience in complex personal injury and wrongful death litigation in both state and federal courts , as well as more specialized practice areas such as medical malpractice , Social Security Disability Insurance and workers ' compensation .
Collectively , our attorneys have successfully tried , mediated and settled thousands of cases , many in the multi-million - dollar range .
Some prominent roles , honors and accolades earned by the attorneys of our Boston personal injury law firm :
Best Oral Argument Honors in trial advocacy courses ;
Top 40 Lawyers Under 40 in Massachusetts by the National Trial Lawyers Association ( numerous successive years ) ;
Top 100 Trial Lawyers by the National Trial Lawyers Association ;
Massachusetts Superlawyer Rising Star ;
Chairman of the Social Security Law Section National Board of Directors of the Federal Bar Association ;
Board of Directors for the Boston Area Bicycle Coalition ( later the Bicycle Coalition of Massachusetts and later MassBike ) ;
Certified Advocate by the American Trial Lawyers Association .
Our injury attorneys are among the best in Boston , zealously dedicated with a vast range of experience .
When your life has been impacted by personal injury or loss of a loved one , we will stay committed to fighting for accountability - and your financial future .
We consider our clients family .
Our accomplished legal team will devote the time and resources needed to make sure every case is handled according to our impeccably high standards .
Among the various claims we can help you pursue :
Car Accidents .
Our Boston car accident attorneys know crash victims too often face an uphill battle when it comes to obtaining full and fair compensation for their mounting medical bills , lost wages and pain and suffering .
Industry analysis has concluded time and again , Boston has some of the most dangerous roads in the U.S.
Part of it is thanks to our constant stop - and - go traffic ( many crashes occur at relatively low speeds , though serious injuries can still result ) .
The Massachusetts Executive Office of Public Safety and Security reports an average of 125,000 collisions yearly in the state , inflicting thousands of injuries and claiming hundreds of lives .
Almost all crashes are preventable .
Most are caused by driver negligence , frequently in the form of intoxication , speed , distraction , fatigue , inexperience or general carelessness .
Our injury attorneys throughout Massachusetts are adept at negotiating with insurance adjusters , mediating with defendants and taking these cases to trial .
In hit - and - run cases or when the at - fault driver lacks adequate insurance to cover your injuries , we may be dealing directly with your own uninsured / underinsured motorist insurance provider .
.
Our Boston car accident attorneys know crash victims too often face an uphill battle when it comes to obtaining full and fair compensation for their mounting medical bills , lost wages and pain and suffering .
Industry analysis has concluded time and again , Boston has some of the most dangerous roads in the U.S.
Part of it is thanks to our constant stop - and - go traffic ( many crashes occur at relatively low speeds , though serious injuries can still result ) .
The Massachusetts Executive Office of Public Safety and Security reports an average of 125,000 collisions yearly in the state , inflicting thousands of injuries and claiming hundreds of lives .
Almost all crashes are preventable .
Most are caused by driver negligence , frequently in the form of intoxication , speed , distraction , fatigue , inexperience or general carelessness .
Our injury attorneys throughout Massachusetts are adept at negotiating with insurance adjusters , mediating with defendants and taking these cases to trial .
In hit - and - run cases or when the at - fault driver lacks adequate insurance to cover your injuries , we may be dealing directly with your own uninsured / underinsured motorist insurance provider .
Workers ' Compensation .
Virtually all employers in Massachusetts are required to provide workers ' compensation to their employees , as outlined in MGL Ch. 152 , and unlike most injury cases that are handled in court , workers ' compensation claims are overseen by the Department of Industrial Accidents .
No - fault coverage for work - related injuries and illnesses is part of the " grand bargain " forged at the dawn of the 20th Century between employees and employers .
Workers ' compensation benefits are considered the " exclusive remedy " for job - related health conditions , meaning with rare exception , you can not sue your employer .
You can , however , seek coverage medical bills , lost ages and lump sum payments for specific injuries .
Death benefits and coverage of funeral expenses are also covered in many cases .
You cannot obtain pain and suffering damages in workers ' compensation cases , but as Boston workers ' compensation lawyers can explain , there may be grounds to file a third - party liability lawsuit , which may entitle you to an additional damage award for pain and suffering .
Note that simply being injured at work in Massachusetts is no guarantee you will secure workers ' compensation .
Having an attorney on your side - especially if you are seriously injured or if your claim has been rejected - is often critical to securing the compensation you deserve .
. Virtually all employers in Massachusetts are required to provide workers ' compensation to their employees , as outlined in MGL Ch. 152 , and unlike most injury cases that are handled in court , workers ' compensation claims are overseen by the Department of Industrial Accidents .
No - fault coverage for work - related injuries and illnesses is part of the " grand bargain " forged at the dawn of the 20th Century between employees and employers .
Workers ' compensation benefits are considered the " exclusive remedy " for job - related health conditions , meaning with rare exception , you can not sue your employer .
You can , however , seek coverage medical bills , lost ages and lump sum payments for specific injuries .
Death benefits and coverage of funeral expenses are also covered in many cases .
You cannot obtain pain and suffering damages in workers ' compensation cases , but as Boston workers ' compensation lawyers can explain , there may be grounds to file a third - party liability lawsuit , which may entitle you to an additional damage award for pain and suffering .
Note that simply being injured at work in Massachusetts is no guarantee you will secure workers ' compensation .
Having an attorney on your side - especially if you are seriously injured or if your claim has been rejected - is often critical to securing the compensation you deserve .
Bicycle Accidents / Pedestrian Accidents .
Boston bike accident attorneys at The Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman have a long history of bicycle activism and advocacy - and are avid bicyclists ourselves .
Attorneys on our team have been instrumental in crafting bicycle policy and legislation .
Bicyclists and pedestrians - recognized as " vulnerable road users " - have specific rights and responsibilities on the road in Massachusetts , as largely outlined in MGL Ch. 85 § 11B ( bicycles ) and MGL Ch. 90 § 18A ( pedestrians ) .
These crashes often result in serious injuries because unlike other motorists , pedestrians and cyclists are unprotected from direct bodily impact with vehicles , the road and other fixed objects .
Our longtime bicycle accident lawyers in Boston will aggressively fight for the best possible outcome in your injury lawsuit .
. Boston bike accident attorneys at The Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman have a long history of bicycle activism and advocacy - and are avid bicyclists ourselves .
Attorneys on our team have been instrumental in crafting bicycle policy and legislation .
Bicyclists and pedestrians - recognized as " vulnerable road users " - have specific rights and responsibilities on the road in Massachusetts , as largely outlined in MGL Ch. 85 § 11B ( bicycles ) and MGL Ch. 90 § 18A ( pedestrians ) .
These crashes often result in serious injuries because unlike other motorists , pedestrians and cyclists are unprotected from direct bodily impact with vehicles , the road and other fixed objects .
Our longtime bicycle accident lawyers in Boston will aggressively fight for the best possible outcome in your injury lawsuit .
Premises Liability .
This could include slip - and - falls , snow and ice accidents , violent attacks on another 's property , daycare or school injuries , construction site injuries , drownings , dog bites and any other incident wherein the landowner or occupier owe those invited onsite a degree of care to keep them safe from known or foreseeable dangers that were n't obvious to the victim , or from which victims could not have reasonably been expected to protect themselves .
You need legal representation in in Boston premises liability claims because typically , it 's you - the little guy - going up against a deep - pocketed property owner or corporation .
.
This could include slip - and - falls , snow and ice accidents , violent attacks on another 's property , daycare or school injuries , construction site injuries , drownings , dog bites and any other incident wherein the landowner or occupier owe those invited onsite a degree of care to keep them safe from known or foreseeable dangers that were n't obvious to the victim , or from which victims could not have reasonably been expected to protect themselves .
You need legal representation in in Boston premises liability claims because typically , it 's you - the little guy - going up against a deep - pocketed property owner or corporation .
Product Liability .
Those who profit from the design , manufacture and distribution of products sold to the public - whether it 's defective medical devices such as Transvaginal mesh or IVC Filters , medication or children 's toys or automobiles - have a responsibility to make certain those products are reasonably safe when used as intended .
When that proves untrue , those at every phase of distribution can be held to account for the resulting harm , via a Massachusetts product liability lawsuit .
.
Those who profit from the design , manufacture and distribution of products sold to the public - whether it 's defective medical devices such as Transvaginal mesh or IVC Filters , medication or children 's toys or automobiles - have a responsibility to make certain those products are reasonably safe when used as intended .
When that proves untrue , those at every phase of distribution can be held to account for the resulting harm , via a Massachusetts product liability lawsuit .
Medical Malpractice .
Doctors , nurses , pharmacists and other health care providers have a responsibility to provide an acceptable standard of care for their patients .
Defining what 's " acceptable " can be a legally complex matter because it requires expert witness testimony from other similarly - situated professionals .
MGL Ch. 231 § 60B requires medical malpractice claims first go through a tribunal .
If a finding is for the defendant there , plaintiffs must pay a bond of $ 6,000 before they can continue with their Boston medical malpractice lawsuit .
Such cases may include birth injuries , cerebral palsy , nursing home negligence , missed diagnosis .
.
Doctors , nurses , pharmacists and other health care providers have a responsibility to provide an acceptable standard of care for their patients .
Defining what 's " acceptable " can be a legally complex matter because it requires expert witness testimony from other similarly - situated professionals .
MGL Ch. 231 § 60B requires medical malpractice claims first go through a tribunal .
If a finding is for the defendant there , plaintiffs must pay a bond of $ 6,000 before they can continue with their Boston medical malpractice lawsuit .
Such cases may include birth injuries , cerebral palsy , nursing home negligence , missed diagnosis .
Mesothelioma .
This aggressive and terminal cancer is caused by a toxic fiber called asbestos , a common material used in construction up through the 1970s .
Companies that used asbestos in their products systemically and for years concealed their knowledge of how dangerous it was , leaving hundreds of thousands of consumers and workers vulnerable to illness - which is latent , generally manifesting decades after exposure .
These complex toxic tort cases require a Boston mesothelioma attorney with extensive experience .
.
This aggressive and terminal cancer is caused by a toxic fiber called asbestos , a common material used in construction up through the 1970s .
Companies that used asbestos in their products systemically and for years concealed their knowledge of how dangerous it was , leaving hundreds of thousands of consumers and workers vulnerable to illness - which is latent , generally manifesting decades after exposure .
These complex toxic tort cases require a Boston mesothelioma attorney with extensive experience .
Social Security Disability Insurance .
If you have suffered a disabling condition - no matter the reason - that is serious , terminal and renders you unable to work for a year or more , and you paid into the Social Security system with federal taxes , you may be entitled to benefits through the Social Security Administration .
Our SSDI attorneys in Boston know the government routinely rejects SSDI claims at the outset .
You need a disability lawyer who can cut through the bureaucratic tape and help you navigate the system .
Our love of this community , its people and our planet stretches far beyond the walls of any courtroom .
Jeffrey S. Glassman is an avid environmentalist and founder of the non-profit RainforestMaker , which seeks to raise awareness of dwindling rainforests and tree deficits across the globe .
To date , our volunteers have planted 30,000 trees - and counting , from communities in Boston to the deforested cattle pastures of Costa Rica .
We also launched the LATTE Boston initiative , which is " Lawyers Accountable to the Earth . "
As attorneys , we consume enormous amounts of paper , and we are committed to reducing our impact .
We communicate digitally as much as possible and give back by raising funds and volunteering to conduct regular tree - plantings throughout the year .
Whether we are in the courtroom , attending victims ' advocacy rallies or digging in the trenches with new trees , the injury attorneys at The Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman are committed to fighting for what 's right , giving a voice to the voiceless and tirelessly working to make Boston - and the world - a safer , healthier , better place .
With offices located in the heart of Boston , we also serve many communities throughout the state , including : Jamaica Plain and Revere , Middlesex County ( including Framingham , Lowell , Malden , Newton , Somerville and Waltham ) , Norfolk County ( including Brookline , Quincy and Weymouth ) , Essex County ( including Haverhill , Lawrence , Lynn and Salem ) , Worcester County ( including Fitchburg , Leominster and Worcester ) and Plymouth County ( including Brockton and Plymouth ) .
Poll : One in Three New Jersey Conservatives Thinks Obama Might Be the Anti-Christ
Created : September 16 , 2009 12:20 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Public Policy
Polling ’s habit of asking revealing , bizarre questions continues with a survey of New Jersey voters that finds — as President Obama ’s approval rating dips slightly — only 79 percent of voters ready to rule out the possibility that their president is the Anti-Christ .
Eight percent say he is , while 13 percent are not sure .
Further breakdowns on that question :
Twelve percent of McCain voters think Obama is the Anti-Christ .
Twenty - one percent are not sure .
Fourteen percent of Republicans think Obama is the Anti-Christ .
Fifteen percent are not sure .
Eighteen percent of “ conservative ” voters think Obama is the Anti-Christ .
Seventeen percent are not sure .
The big surprise here –the group of voters most likely to think Obama is the Anti-Christ are … Hispanics , who solidly backed Obama in 2008 .
Only 58 percent of them say , for sure , that their president is not Satan come to wreak havoc here on earth .
–
* You can follow TWI on Twitter and Facebook . *
IT service consolidation
If there is a lesson for Indian IT companies in Xerox ’s $ 6.4 billion bid for Affiliated Computer Services ( ACS ) , it is this — now , is the time to buy , buy , buy .
Recession is indeed the time for investment .
This is one , time - tested strategic response to market slowdown , that unfortunately not many Indian IT companies appear alert to .
As Vineet Nayar , CEO , HCL Technologies ’ said in a recent media interaction , “ In this market , you can only grow by eating someone else ’s lunch . ”
The ball got rolling in September this year , when Dell acquired Perot Systems for $ 3.9 billion .
Soon after , Xerox sealed its deal with ACS for a reported $ 6.4 billion .
Industry watchers see a common trend in these two mega deals .
The move , in both these cases , they observe , is prompted by the two hardware companies ’ desire to move more aggressively into IT service space , where profit margins are higher .
This undoubtedly queers the pitch for the likes of HP , IBM and Accenture , as well as for Indian bigwigs like TCS , Infosys , Wipro and HCL Technologies , who so far , have n’t begun taking the inorganic route to growth and survival .
Observing that the ongoing industry consolidation is putting the squeeze on mid-size IT service providers experts predict that in times to come , even pure - play BPO providers - such as Genpact , WNS and EXL - may begin to evince interest in Indian IT service providers , but for that to happen they must first be ready with all the window dressings .
One reason Dallas - based ACS was able to catch the attention of Xerox was that it would be able to provide the kind of labor arbitrage that Xerox is looking for , in a space where price is often the only differentiator .
In the past one year , ACS has steadily increased its offshore headcount by 60 % and simultaneously reduced domestic employment by 8 % .
Between the two of them , Xerox and ACS now own 14 data centers in Dallas , Bangalore , India , Monterrey and Mexico .
All said and done , last year ’s economic slowdown has rejuvenated the global outsourcing model .
From this point on , the struggle for market share is only going to get bloodier .
Comments
More proof that the commercial real estate crash is coming : hotel foreclosures in California have more than tripled in the first nine months of this year , according to Bloomberg .
Foreclosures in Dana Point climbed to 47 in January through September from 15 a year earlier , and properties in default more than quadrupled to 259 .
Loans secured by more than 1,500 hotels with a total outstanding balance of $ 24.5 billion are in danger of default .
And , as with the housing market , it was really the late stages of the housing bubble that did so much of the damage : 70 % of its troubled hotel loans originated between 2005 and 2007 .
Sadly , offering free tats , tequila and BMWs for stays probably wo n't help .
Glenn Beck leans forward on his elbows .
His voice hushes .
His eyes grow red at the corners .
He presses his lips together and clears his throat .
He can not speak .
The tears fall , and just for a moment the brashest voice in American conservatism today falls silent .
This is what happens when Beck tells the story of his 1999 conversion to Mormonism .
“ I was friendless , working in the smallest radio market I had ever worked in … a hopeless alcoholic , abusing drugs every day , ” Beck said in an interview taped last fall .
“ I was trying to find a job and nobody would hire me … could n’t get an agent to represent me . ”
That ’s when Beck ’s wife - to - be Tania suggested that the family go on a “ church tour , ” which finally led ( after some prodding from Beck ’s longtime on - air partner Pat Gray , a Mormon ) to his local Mormon wardhouse .
Six months later , the Beck family joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - Day Saints .
“ I was baptized on a Sunday , and on Monday ” — Beck ’s throat tightens again ; he wipes tears from his eyes with his index fingers — “ an agent called me out of the blue . ”
Three days later , Beck was offered his own political talk radio show at WFLA - AM in Tampa , Florida , the job that put him on the road from “ morning zoo ” radio prankster to conservative media heavyweight .
Spiritual narratives of the I - once - was - lost - now - I - am - financially - sound variety are commonplace within Mormonism , which , like most of American Protestantism , has never been allergic to wealth .
The institutional culture of the Mormon Church is strongly corporate , down to the dark suits , white shirts , and red or blue ties church leaders wear instead of vestments ; Mormonism ’s most powerful public figures like Mitt Romney , Jon Huntsman Jr. , and Bill Marriott Jr. , come from the business world .
But whether or not one believes that God rewards baptism with fortune , it is clear that Glenn Beck ’s conversion to and education in the Mormon faith after 1999 corresponds precisely with his rise as a media force .
Beck , who was raised Catholic in Washington state , has produced , with the help of Mormon Church - owned Deseret Book Company , the DVD An Unlikely Mormon : The Conversion Story of Glenn Beck ( 2008 ) ; Mormon fansites invite visitors to learn more about Beck ’s beliefs by clicking through to the official Web site of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - Day Saints .
But what these fansites do n’t reveal is the extent to which Mormonism has given Beck key elements of his on - air personality and messaging .
Teary Tirades and Mormon Masculinity
Before 1999 , Glenn Beck told jokes and pulled on - air stunts for a living .
He developed the content of his current conservative messaging ( an amalgation of anti-communism , United States - founder worship , and connect - the - dots conspiracy theorizing ) after his entree into the deeply insular world of Mormon thought and culture .
A significant figure in this world is the late Cleon Skousen ( 1913 –2006 ) , the archconservative and fiercely anti-communist Brigham Young University professor , founder of the Freeman Society , and author of 15 books , including The Naked Capitalist , The Making of America , and Prophecy and Modern Times .
Beck , who first cited Skousen in his 2003 book The Real America : Messages from the Heart and the Heartland , later started pitching Skousen ’s 1981 book The 5,000 Year Leap on air in December , 2008 .
He wrote a preface for a new edition of the book issued a few months later and in his March 2009 kick - off of the 9/12 movement declared Skousen ’s book to be “ divinely inspired . ”
In a recent article for Salon.com , Alexander Zaitchik suggested that Beck “ rescued [ Skousen ] from the remainder pile of history . ”
But Cleon Skousen was never remaindered among the most politically conservative Mormons , for whom he has been a household name since the 1960s .
It is likely that Beck owes his brand of Founding Father - worship to Mormonism , where reverence for the founders and the United States Constitution as divinely inspired are often - declared elements of orthodox belief .
Mormon Church President Wilford Woodruff ( 1807 –1898 ) declared that George Washington and the signers of the Declaration of Independence appeared to him in the Mormon Temple in St. George , Utah in 1877 , and requested that he perform Mormon temple ordinances on their behalf .
Many Mormons also believe that Joseph Smith prophesied in 1843 that the US Constitution would one day “ hang by a thread ” and be saved by faithful Mormons ; this idea was given new life in the 1960s by former US Secretary of Agriculture Ezra Taft Benson , who cited Smith ’s 1843 prophecy from the pulpit while speaking as a member of the Church ’s Quorum of Twelve Apostles .
Many key elements of Beck ’s on - the - fly messaging derive from a Mormon lexicon , such as his Twitter - issued September 19 call : “ Sept 28 .
Lets make it a day of Fast and Prayer for the Republic .
Spread the word .
Let us walk in the founders steps . ”
This call to fasting and prayer may indeed have been an appropriation of the Jewish holy day of Yom Kippur , but it is also rooted in the traditional Mormon practice of holding individual , familial , and collective fasts to address spiritual challenges .
Even the overt sentimentality
Beck now indulges from time to time was formed within the cradle of Mormon literary culture .
Take , for example , his novel The Christmas Sweater ( 2008 ) ( co- authored by Mormon writer Jason Wright ) and its accompanying children ’s picture book , which tell the story of an impoverished twelve - year - old boy who rejects a “ handmade , ugly sweater ” his widowed mother knits him for Christmas , only to watch his mother die in a fiery car crash hours later .
This punishing sentimentality is a consistent feature of Mormon storytelling from Church - produced cinematic classics like Cipher in the Snow ( 1973 ) and The Mailbox ( 1977 ) to the New York Times - bestselling novel The Christmas Box ( 1995 ) by Mormon author Richard Paul Evans .
Finally , Beck ’s oft - ridiculed penchant for punctuating his tirades with tears is the hallmark of a distinctly Mormon mode of masculinity .
As sociologist David Knowlton has written , “ Mormonism praises the man who is able to shed tears as a manifestation of spirituality . ”
Crying and choking up are understood by Mormons as manifestations of the Holy Spirit .
For men at every rank of Mormon culture and visibility , appropriately - timed displays of tender emotion are displays of power .
Peace on the Religious Right between Mormons and Evangelicals ?
Indeed , Beck , who grew up without a father , narrates his conversion and personal transformation around a series of tearful bonding moments with Mormon men , from the Sunday School teacher who first taught him about the Mormon concept of Zion — “ Tears started to roll down his cheeks , and he said , ‘ It can only happen if I truly love you and you love me ’ ” — to his baptism by immersion by his longtime friend Pat Gray , who was so choked up , according to Beck , that “ he could n’t get the words out . ”
Not typical of Mormon masculinity are Beck ’s high - decibel swings between bombast and self - deprecation .
Such demonstrative excesses are socialized out of most Mormon men during a regimented process of masculine formation that begins with entry into the lowest ranks of Mormonism ’s lay priesthood at age 12 , intensifies during compulsory missionary service from age 19 through 21 , and continues throughout a lifetime of service within hierarchical priesthood quorums .
A textbook example of the traditional Mormon “ man of steel and velvet ” is Mitt Romney , whose inability to connect with the Republican base may have as much to do with his lack of familiar jocularity and chest - thumping outrage as it does with the perceived weirdness of his Mormon beliefs .
As a convert , Beck missed out on crucial early years of Mormon male socialization .
Consequently , his renegade persona may endear him even more to his Mormon male fans who might like to comport themselves as he does , but feel they cannot .
It ’s true that his Mormonism sometimes gets Beck into trouble with evangelical Christians , who have long antagonized Mormons by denying the authenticity of their belief in Jesus Christ and deriding the Mormon Church as a cult .
Last December , James Dobson ’s Focus on the Family Web site pulled a Beck column , citing concerns about his Mormon ties .
Still , Beck ’s spectacular rise suggests that evangelical conservatives ( especially those under 40 who may not remember the anti-Mormon cult crusades of the 1980s ) are increasingly willing to set aside their reservations about Mormons when it suits their pragmatic and political interests .
Glenn Beck marks an unprecedented national mainstreaming of a peculiar strand of religious political conservatism rooted in , and once isolated to , the Mormon culture regions of the American West .
That Mormons are capable of leveraging disproportionate political influence with decisive results was one of the great lessons of California ’s 2008 election season , wherein readily - mobilized Mormons , who make up 2 % of California ’s population , contributed more than 50 % of the individual donations to the successful anti-marriage equality Proposition 8 campaign , and a sizeable majority of its on - the - ground efforts .
How much traction Glenn Beck can muster remains to be seen .
But if the American religious right has sometimes been imagined as a monolithic product of the evangelical Deep South and Bible Belt , the rise of Glenn Beck suggests that those who would understand American conservatism might also look West , toward Salt Lake City .
Modern phones come loaded with bright screens , fun games and apps , and connections for 3G , Wi-Fi , Bluetooth , and GPS .
Not coincidentally , they 're constantly out of juice .
Here 's some of the best collected wisdom about saving your web - connected phone 's battery life .
Advertisement
Photo by [ 177 ] .
Note : I 've tweaked a few sections , added in submissions from commenters , and removed a woefully misguided idea about dark - themed backgrounds since this post was originally published .
Thanks for the help and ( occasionally ) gentle hand slaps .
Advertisement
Universal battery tips
They 're different in a lot of ways , but all smartphones can be made to be more frugal with their limited power reserves if you 're willing to follow a few simple rules of thumb .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Keep it cool and out of pocket :
If you 're outside , do n't leave your phone facing the direct sunlight .
If you can pull it off without looking like a hyper - aggressive real estate agent , belt - clip your phone , or generally keep it out of your pocket and away from close quarters with your body heat .
Advertisement
Switch off 3G when it 's unnecessary :
It 's faster than EDGE or GRPS and can deliver both voice and data in a continuous stream to your phone .
It also uses up quite a bit more power .
When you 've got good coverage and plan to mostly talk , or just get occasional email updates , you do n't need such wide wireless pipes .
Switch to EDGE / 2G usage in your settings , preferably with a widget or shortcut .
It 's faster than EDGE or GRPS and can deliver both voice and data in a continuous stream to your phone .
It also uses up quite a bit more power .
When you 've got good coverage and plan to mostly talk , or just get occasional email updates , you do n't need such wide wireless pipes .
Switch to EDGE / 2G usage in your settings , preferably with a widget or shortcut .
Switch off any unneeded service :
Goes without saying for anyone who 's learned the hard way .
Having your phone constantly look for new Bluetooth devices , Wi-Fi hotspots , GPS positions , and Exchange server emails that do n't arrive at 4 a.m. will definitely kill your battery .
Find the most convenient way your phone offers to turn these things off , or automate their use , and act on it .
Goes without saying for anyone who 's learned the hard way .
Having your phone constantly look for new Bluetooth devices , Wi-Fi hotspots , GPS positions , and Exchange server emails that do n't arrive at 4 a.m. will definitely kill your battery .
Find the most convenient way your phone offers to turn these things off , or automate their use , and act on it .
Be frugal with background applications and notifications :
It feels like living in the future when new emails , Twitter messages , Facebook updates , calendar appointments , and other minutiae are delivered minute - by - minute to your phone .
Your battery lives in the present , though , and could use a break from your hyper - awareness .
If you 've got a phone that can keep multiple applications " open " for quicker access ( Android , Pre , Windows Mobile ) , do n't feel obligated to keep them present .
It feels like living in the future when new emails , Twitter messages , Facebook updates , calendar appointments , and other minutiae are delivered minute - by - minute to your phone .
Your battery lives in the present , though , and could use a break from your hyper - awareness .
If you 've got a phone that can keep multiple applications " open " for quicker access ( Android , Pre , Windows Mobile ) , do n't feel obligated to keep them present .
Fiddle with screen time - outs and brightness :
Tweak how long your screen stays lit after a quick time check , modify how bright it must stay during the daylight , and you 'll likely pull a bit more use time from your handset .
Tweak how long your screen stays lit after a quick time check , modify how bright it must stay during the daylight , and you 'll likely pull a bit more use time from your handset .
Use mobile site versions : Find and bookmark the mobile versions of the sites you always visit ( often found at m.sitename.com , mobile.sitename.com , or , occasionally , sitename.com / m ) , and keep tools like the Google Mobilizer Bing Mobile
Advertisement
Photo by sarchi .
BlackBerry
Advertisement
If you 're rocking a BlackBerry , chances are that disconnecting your network to save on battery life is n't an option .
Instead , you might try a few of these tips .
Photo by liewcf .
RIM 's official tips :
To summarize : Close your browser with the ESC key when you 're done surfing , use shortcuts instead of Java - based menus , get crazy with the extensive settings , and use the Desktop Manager ( now available for PCs and Mac OS X ) to load media , rather than have your phone resize and compress it all .
Radio Saver and AutoStandby : Radio
Saver turns off your phone 's cell reception when coverage is spotty or non-existent , saving you from the dreaded drain of roaming for signal .
AutoStandby , when it's on , drops your BlackBerry into a deeper standby state , rather than just sleep , if you 'd rather get a bit more time from your phone than be constantly pinged .
They 're $ 2.99 each , which is n't cheap for a utility , but might be worth the coffee change if you 're low on battery life or working on the edge of service .
BBlight :
This simple little app allows you to have your screen 's backlight automatically turn off after a set period of time .
Here 's the direct over - the - air link .
Thanks atomicrabbit !
The Boy Genius basics : Straight from the BlackBerry - toting , news - breaking blogger behind the Boy Genius Report , the basics on keeping your phone alive :
Turn down brightness of the screen , turn the LED off , turn Bluetooth off , Wi-Fi off ( when not needed ) .
Also , keep it in a holster , since it will " sleep " ( when inside it )
No silver bullets there , but sound advice — especially on the holster bit .
i Phones
Advertisement
Apple 's game - changing , full - web - browsing phone has had its battery life detractors from the get - go .
Luckily , some have put their efforts into fixing that .
Photo by Mat Honan .
Advertisement
Android
Advertisement
The current crop of Android phones have almost universally crummy battery life .
Luckily , the system 's open platform has given app developers lots of leeway to squeeze every drop out of them .
Photo by sugree .
Automate your phone rules :
When you 're asleep , you want important calls to come through , but you do n't need to check your email every hour .
When you 're at work , your screen does n't need to be so bright , and you 've already got net access .
Using an app like Locale
When you 're asleep , you want important calls to come through , but you do n't need to check your email every hour .
When you 're at work , your screen does n't need to be so bright , and you 've already got net access .
Using an app like Learn to love APNdroid :
It 's more severe , but APNdroid
It 's more severe , but Keep the power widget handy :
When your Android 1.6 ( a.k.a. Donut ) update arrives , you 'll have a new widget available , " Power Control , " that puts some important on / off switches — Wi-Fi , Bluetooth , GPS , auto - sync , and screen brightness — all on one horizontal strip .
Keep it someplace handy on your home screen , and power down when you 're at your most casual .
When your Android 1.6 ( a.k.a. Donut ) update arrives , you 'll have a new widget available , " Power Control , " that puts some important on / off switches — Wi-Fi , Bluetooth , GPS , auto - sync , and screen brightness — all on one horizontal strip .
Keep it someplace handy on your home screen , and power down when you 're at your most casual .
See what 's eating your juice :
Also new in Android 1.6 : A percentage Battery Use chart you can access under About Phone in your Settings .
It shows what 's been pulling in power since the last time you charged your phone , which can help remind you of background apps and other power drains .
Advertisement
Windows Mobile
Advertisement
Older than almost all its siblings , but Windows Mobile has grown to incorporate all the same battery - killing background powers as its brethren .
Photo by Titanus .
WMExperts ' tips :
To summarize : Avoid Wi-Fi whenever possible , dial down your email checking , and dig into your settings to modify screen time - outs and vibration frequency .
To summarize : Avoid Wi-Fi whenever possible , dial down your email checking , and dig into your settings to modify screen time - outs and vibration frequency .
WMLongLife : Basically , this independent app switches your phone from 3G service down to 2G when it's in standby mode , so background data grabs and non-essential pings drain less battery .
The developer also states it has a beneficial impact on , erm , other functions .
Advertisement
Palm Pre
Advertisement
Everybody who digs the Palm Pre mentions its " deck of cards " multi-tasking and Sprint 's seriously speedy data networks .
Yeah , you guessed it — both require a little power precaution .
Treonauts ' battery tips :
To summarize : Turn it off ( or into airplane mode ) when in very weak coverage , and follow the same kind of auto - check and background app recommendations made earlier in this post .
To summarize : Turn it off ( or into airplane mode ) when in very weak coverage , and follow the same kind of auto - check and background app recommendations made earlier in this post .
Battery Saver :
This homebrew app is only really useful if there are parts of the day where another phone provides you with emergency contact — like at home , if you have an alternate line .
If that 's the case , though , turning your phone to airplane mode at pre-set parts of the day gives you the advantage of a quick power - on or contact check , while also saving on battery life .
Advertisement
Symbian ( Help Wanted )
To be honest , the vast variety of Symbian phones with customized firmwares give us pause at offering a standard set of apps or recommendations for better battery life .
That said , if you know of a tip , trick , or app that saves battery life on Symbian phones , tell us in the comments .
We 'll update the post here to reflect the best suggestions .
Advertisement
traviswilson shares the basics of Symbian app management for newcomers :
Close your camera , youtube , slingplayer , google maps ( it uses gps , and say no to latitude sharing ) and any applications still running :
I believe all Symbian phones have a menu key ...
If you hold that button down it will show you what applications are open ( windows version of alt - tab ) and you can close programs running in the background .
Remember Symbian can multitask and will usually leave your programs running unless you close them by using Options , Exit .
sockatume posts a whole lot of Symbian tweaks to try in the comments , including this bit : Switch data connections to " When Needed " instead of " When Available " .
The phone wo n't make a power - hungry data connection unless an app actually requests one .
fadedspark asks Symbian users to be sure they 're updated on their firmware , as it's more than just a number change that happens :
Battery improvements are one of nokia 's focus points , going from 100 - 110 on my old e71 netted me about 3hrs of battery life .
I was a HEAVY user .
HSDPA push running all day .
Had to recharge at 11 pm every night until that update .
Advertisement
Hopefully you 'll find something useful in these tips to give your mobile data hub a bit more life from each charge .
Did we miss anything major ?
By all means , tell us about it in the comments , and share your own battery life discoveries .
What do you mean – no badges , no jobs , no corruption ?
More than 700 customs officers at airports and land crossings have been replaced in Mexico in a crackdown on corrupt agents who allow drugs and weapons to flow across the country ’s borders , a spokesman for the customs service said yesterday ..
Reforma newspaper had reported earlier that the contracts of 1,100 agents were allowed to expire on Saturday as part of a plan to modernise the customs service , according to tax and customs sources .
A new force of 1,470 agents is being sworn in to replace the former workers .
Soldiers took control of at least one border crossing at Ciudad Juárez , across from Texas , to assist with the transition .
Pedro Canabal , a spokesman for the tax administration service , said the agency had decided not to rehire the officers when their contracts expired .
They were replaced by agents who had undergone months of training and background checks to ensure they had no criminal records .
“ This change is part of our response to new demands in the fight against contraband , ” he said .
Some of the former customs workers will be permitted to reapply for their jobs in the new service , but details on the alleged criminal ties of many former employees are being turned over to federal prosecutors .
Now that they ’ve fired all of them , the winnowing procedure begins to see who should also be arrested and charged with fronting for the drug gangs .
Mexico has n’t exactly been operating with the world ’s highest standards for civil servants .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The first video advert inside a print title has been published inside the American magazine Entertainment Weekly .
The small screen , built into a cardboard insert , contains an advert for Pepsi Max and trailers for US TV network , CBS .
There are also in - built speakers , so the viewer can hear the advert too .
" This is an extraordinary way to refresh how we interact with consumers , " said Pepsi-Cola 's chief marketing officer , Frank Cooper .
Chip technology is used to store the video - described as similar to that used in singing greeting cards - which is activated when the page is turned .
The slim - line screens - around the size of a mobile phone display - also have rechargeable batteries .
Each chip can hold up to 40 minutes of video .
BBC News '
Los Angeles correspondent , Rajesh Mirchandani , said that the magazine advert was mounted inside a cardboard insert , so it was " instantly distinguishable from a normal flimsy page " .
VIDEO TECHNOLOGY
Screen uses liquid crystal display ( LCD ) technology Each is 2.7 mm thick with 320x240 resolution Can store 40 mins of video Battery can be recharged via mini-USB Rechargeable battery lasts up to 70 mins Developed by LA - firm Americhip " You can't really flick through the magazine , because the 4 - page insert that includes the video screen is relatively bulky .
" And when you do open up the relevant page , the actual advert takes several seconds to load and play and that 's a lifetime 's lag in the advertiser 's world , " he added .
Copies of the magazine containing the screens are being sent out to several thousand subscribers in Los Angeles and New York .
CBS and Pepsi wo n't say how much this limited commercial trial is costing , but manufacturers Americhip told BBC News that a multi - thousand print run with built - in screens would cost in the region of US $ 20 ( around £ 13 ) for each magazine .
This has prompted criticism from some quarters , saying that the internet has already been delivering video - embedded - in - text for some time .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Click on the world map to submit your guess .
The Google Maps Quiz is part of Mindpicnic , your website for self - directed learning .
Study German Boating or anything else online , for free .
