According to the buzz on this forum thread , Java 5.0 ( nee 1.5.0 ) ships with a tool called " apt " ( Annotation Processing Tool ) that enhances the traditional javac compiler with the ability to let the user write code that examines and transforms the AST .
I assume this tool will not let you extend the Java language in arbitrary ways : it seems like apt can only parse source code that is legal Java .
However , it will let you create compile - time checks for some rules that previously could only be checked at runtime .
It will also likely be useful for code generation ; some heavily used Java projects rely on bytecode manipulation ( JDO , JBoss , Tapestry ) and I suspect they could simplify their lives a lot with this .
If You 're Going To Sue For Copyright Infringement , First Make Sure You Own The Copyright
from the just - saying ... dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Shawn Hogan has received plenty of attention in the last year for his decision to fight the MPAA over the lawsuit they filed against him , claiming he had shared the movievia a file sharing program .
The problem ?
Hogan did n't actually share the movie , has never downloaded it , and actually owns the DVD of the movie in question .
The MPAA made it clear that if he just paid them $ 2,500 , they would forget the whole thing -- which certainly has the feel of extortion .
So , Hogan decided to fight the case in court to prove they were wrong , and said he would n't let them back out and run like they 've done in other cases .
All this , despite the fact that it would probably cost him over $ 100,000 in legal fees .
Hogan decided it was worth it on principle .
However , in preparing for the case , it looks like Hogan and his lawyer discovered that the studio might not actually have the rights to the movie .
The explanation is a little confusing , but it appears that there are two separate organizations involved : Universal City Studios Productions LLLP and Universal City Studios LLLP ( you can see why this gets confusing ) .
The first ( we 'll call them " Productions " ) is the one who sued Hogan .
However , it was the other ( " plain old Studios " ) who filed the copyright registration .
So , in preparing for the case , Hogan and his lawyers went looking for proof that plain old Studios had transferred the copyright to Productions -- which they got .
The problem , however , is that the notice transferring the rights happens to occur two months before plain old Studios actually registered the copyright .
In other words , they handed over the rights before they even got them -- making the whole thing a bit of a mess .
Apparently , it 's messy enough that Hogan and his lawyer hope to have the whole case dismissed .
Unfortunately , having such a case dismissed on what appears to be a ( stupid and careless ) technicality wo n't help much in dealing with other cases where people are falsely accused ( assuming this thing is n't that common ) -- but it should save Hogan a lot in legal fees .
Either way , it 's yet another example of the somewhat reckless abandon with which the industry seems to file these lawsuits .
Why bother making sure ( a ) the person did it or ( b ) you own the copyright before suing ?
That takes all the challenge out of suing your customers .
To begin , we need to go back to the 1930s .
It was in this era that the discoveries of the major oil fields in the Gulf region were made .
Of course , people had been pumping oil in the area since at least several decades prior .
However , it was at this later date ( 1938 to be exact ) that the full extent of the size of the fields came to be known , particularly with regards to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , then only 6 years old ( at least in its modern form ) .
During the backroom political wrangling constant throughout WWII , the United States essentially sealed an alliance that remains with us today , when FDR signed an agreement with then - king Abdul Aziz on February 14 , 1945 when the US essentially guaranteed a healthy flow of military supplies and maintanance of the Saudia royal family 's time in power in exchange for priveleged US and US company access to the bountiful Saudi oil fields .
Of course , FDR and US policy makers new very well that the Saudi kingdom was an autocratic monarchy .
But , as was so often said in what would become known as the Cold War , " better they 're our bastards than their ( ie the USSR's ) bastards . "
Because , as many of you perhaps know , it was clear to US policy makers and strategic thinkers by 1945 that the Soviet Union would be the US 's main strategic global competitor after WWII , with Japan and Germany defeated and destroyed , the UK and France weakened , their empires in retreat .
So , maintaining a vital lifeline to a major source of power ( if not the major source of power ) in the modern industrial world was deemed vital , in recognition of the strategic threat the Soviets posed .
This alliance was futher cemented in that the Saudis were conservatively disposed and pious , while , of course , communism was a militantly atheistic philolosphy .
Also , it should be noted that this piety was seen as a great asset ( logically so ) in the minds of US policy makers at the time .
Indeed , such a strategic decision , which was eminently sensible in the context of the Cold War , demonstrates the degree to which individuals are products of their own time and circumstances and cannot foresee " the trajectory of history . "
Israel , the Second Pillar
Of course , simultaneous to what is still a largely unknown series of events ( the creation of US - Saudi relations ) World War II was raging , and with it , tragically , the Holocaust .
In many ways a result of this perhaps - unprecedented crime against humanity , the world community moved to create a new state for world Jewry , of course , Israel .
It should be noted - as many of you perhaps know - that the modern Zionist movement had already been underway for over half of century , instigated by Theodor Hetzl in the late 19th century as a response to continued and seemingly unending persecution of Jews in the context of European societies .
In the meantime , in what is known as the " aaliyah , " many Jews did in fact journey to Palestine .
However , until the immediate aftermath of WWII , Jews - who had been , albeit in small numbers , a presence in Palestine for centuries - formed something approaching a majority in the area .
However , my goal here is not to go into the history of Israel .
That has been done enough elsewhere .
Rather , it is to provide a bit of background to what would become the second major pillar of the United States 's post - World War II policy , which was support for Israel .
Indeed , the US was one of the first nations to recognize the new state in 1948 .
Unlike the US 's support for Saudi Arabia , however , which was fundamentally a relationship premised on REAL POLITIK , the US 's support for Israel was primarily MORAL .
Right here , perhaps , we begin to see some of the inherent contradicitons of US policy in the region as they would develop over time .
Although some contend that US support for Israel is also a primarily REALPOLITIK relationship , I disagree .
Although Israel 's use as a sort of regional policeman would increase after the 1967 war , I fundamentally disagree with folks who proffer such an interpretation .
I see US support for Israel as primarily motivated by moral considerations , although more recently ( and more disturbingly ) by ideological considerations ( which I will discuss below ) .
The world changes , the paradigm hardens
The period from about 1968 to 1979 offer the last major paradigm shift in world history , albeit not on a scale similar to the paradigm shift of the 1939 to 1948 period ( one can argue that we are currently going through a similar shift , which makes sense given that such shifts tend to happen every 30 or 40 years .
Of course , we wo n't know until more time has passed ) .
Basically , the world underwent a shift away from Keynesian capitalism and towards neoliberlism , and towards a more free - wheeling , expressive culture less shackled to traditional cutlural mores .
Both of these processes have greatly undermined traditional social relations in both the developed and developing worlds and have led also to a fundamentalist backlash that has taken many forms , really in most of the world .
Also , the early 1970s saw the Bretton Woods agreement breakdown with the end of the gold standard and its tie to the dollar as the the fundamental means of regulating global capital flows .
This agreement , set up at a conference in Bretton Woods , New Hampshire in 1944 established the dollar as the currency of ' last resort , ' but with the dollar also tied - and thus always exchangeable - for gold .
In 1971 , Richard Nixon decided to take the United States dollar away from its gold peg , thus effectively ending the Bretton Woods framework .
Without getting much into the economics of this , this decision was largely spurred by increased US inflation ( primarily a product of Vietnam War spending , coupled with new Great Society programs and tax cuts as well as increased global competition , especially from the likes of Japan and West Germany , getting back on line after their midcentury disasters ) .
It was also at this time that the US began to run trade deficits - keep in mind that the US had had significant trade surpluses for the whole post - war period up until this time .
What does all this have to do with the Middle East ?
Well , although after Bretton Woods there was technically no single reserve currency now that the dollar had been unpegged from a gold standard , the US dollar continued to function in this manner .
How ?
Well , the US continued to be the world 's preeminent economy and military power , despite some new weaknesses not seen before the late 1960s .
But also important was the role of " petrodollars . "
Basically - and this is going to be a rather gross simplification for brevity 's and simplicity 's sake - security arrangements with the likes of Saudia Arabia , but also Kuwait , Qatar , and the other Gulf monarchies ( not the United Arab Emirates until 1971 ) meant that these economies bought US hardware - and military hardware - and invested the dollars they earned from selling their oil in US banks .
Why dollars ?
Well , despite the relative decline of the US 's economic dominance from 1945 to the early 1970s , it still remained the world 's dominant economy and largest consumer of petroleum - in both cases by a long distance .
Furthermore , at the time , there was simply no other currency which could play the role the dollar could .
There was no Euro .
Britain was done as a world power .
The Soviet Union had a rigid command economy not conducive or attractive to investors .
So the dollar it would be .
And with the various oil shocks of the 1970s , first seen in 1973 , the world was awash in petrodollars .
Thus the " win-win " situation / relation that had existed between the US and Saudi Arabia , and later , the other gulf kingdoms was reinforced , even if anger in the US amongst consumers at least began to grow .
Two Wars , Religious Fundamentalism , ( and Israel )
So the following deals with the " First Pillar . "
But what about the " Second Pillar , " or Israel ?
Well , the US continued to back Israel and largely for the same reasons it had since Israel 's founding in 1948 .
But some new reasons were beginning to creep into the picture , set in motion largely by Israel 's triumphs in the 1967 , or " 6 Days , " War and the 1973 , or " Yom Kippur , " War .
At the time , both wars were largely seen as the brave new Israeli state fighting heroically for its life against hostile , treachorous neighbors .
And these were generally fair assessments as far it goes .
In both cases , Israel fought a clutch of its Arab neighbors simultaneously .
In the first case , 1967 , Israel launched what is seen as a largely justifiable " pre-emptive strike " ( yes , I know ) against Egyptian forces massing at its border after the Egyptians had expelled a UN force from the Sinai Peninsuala .
The second in 1973 began after Syria and Egypt launched a suprise attack on Israel during the Jewish holiday of Yom Kippur ( hence the name ! ) .
In both cases , Israel emerged victorious against what on the surface seemed like long odds .
The result of these two short wars were very significant and were arguably the most important events to occur in the region until the recent US invasion of Iraq ( and the subsequent state collapse ) and this summer 's Lebanon / Israel War .
Why ?
I would argue for three major reasons , not all of which were clearly seen at the time .
Indeed , if you were to ask an American in , say , 1975 what the most important result of the war was , they would have probably announced something about the emergence of the " Arab oil weapon . "
Some of you probably remember personally experiencing the oil shortages of the era , when people waited in line for gas after OPEC boycotted the US after it chose to materially assist Israel in the war .
This was indeed an important outcome .
But my focus here will be otherwise .
Firstly , these wars definetly established Israel as the region 's military power .
This has arguably had several important consequences .
Firstly , it led to a sense of humiliation amongst the various Arab publics ( " how could three or four of our armies lose to just one ! !? " ) , which in turn fatally undermined the secular socialist states that had generally led nations in the region ( and still , rather pathetically , do - see Egypt and Syria ) .
In many cases , a return to religious piety , and then , religious political organization , was seen as the answer to the failure of westernization and modernization .
Also , it discredited the idea that " conventional " Arab armies could defeat or successfully fight Israel .
New tactics needed to be provided .
So , arguably , this would fuel the rise of guerilla warfare / terrorism / 4th gen warfare that characterizes groups like Hezbollah .
Now of course , none of this was obvious at the time and it certainly was n't obvious how it would effect US policy in the region .
Secondly , Israel 's triumphs in these wars meant that Israel took control of some new lands - the Sinai Peninsuala , the Golan Heights , the West Bank , and the Gaza Strip .
Sinai was returned to Egypt when Israel and Egypt signed a peace treaty in 1979 .
Israel still holds the other territories .
Now , the Golan Heights and the Gaza Strip are important in a regional sense , but they do not hold the importance of the West Bank , and particularly Israel 's capture of all of Jerusalem .
What the capture of Jerusalem did in particular was to provide Israel with a whole new set of " friends " in the United States , with rather different reasons for supporting it than the traditional moral case dating back to 1948 .
Basically , the capture of Jerusalem was seen as a vital step in fulfilling Biblical prophecy by a significant section of American Chrisitianity .
It aroused a newfound interest in the state amongst a particular segment of American Christianity that the original founding of Israel did not , even though this event is also seen as part of a fulfillment of Biblical prophecy .
Perhaps the power of the Israeli capture of Jerusalem should also be seen in the context of a 1970s America where - although religiousity amongst the population as a whole stayed constant or perhaps was even declining - the rise of those adhering to fundamentalist or evangelical traditions that heavily emphasized Biblbical prophecy and pre-millenial dispensationalism was occurring .
Thirdly , Israeli 's military triumphs - in a Cold War realpolitik context - led US policy makers to reassess Israel 's value as a military ally and not just a " moral commitment . "
Basically , a newish paradigm developed where an Israel backed by and allied with the United States would face off with a Syria and an Egypt ( until 1979 ) backed by and allied with the Soviet Union .
Of course , the Soviet Union had once been a backer of Israel , and the United States had once been a backer of Egypt ( see the 1956 Suez Crisis ) .
But the 1967 and 1973 wars changed this equation .
So , just as the collapse of the Bretton Woods framework and the rise of the " petrodollar " deepened the US 's commitment to the " first pillar " of its mid-east strategy ( support and alliance with the Saudis and the other Gulf kingdoms ) , so to did the ' 67 and ' 73 wars lead to a deepening commitment to the " second pillar " of its strategy , Israel .
9/11 and the Fatal Contradictions of the Middle East Paradigm
Now , forgive me , but I am going to fast - forward almost 30 years to the new millenium .
While I hesitate to draw this connection , as there is no direct causation , I think that at least metaphorically speaking , the attacks of September 11 , 2001 are evidence of the fatal contradictions of America 's Middle East Policy paradigm .
On the one hand , inreasingly backing Israel as it actions no matter what it does , while on the other hand continuing to embrace clientelist monarchies and dictatorships as a means of maintaining maximum leverage over the region through its relationship with , at the end of the day , politically submissive regimes .
This includes , of course , Saudi Arabia and the Gulf states , but also Egypt and Jordan , which the US picked up as clients as a means of leveraging both states to sign peace agreements with Israel ( Egypt in 1979 , Jordan in 1994 ) .
Now again , let me refer back to a couple points I have made earlier .
Or rather a point or concept I have a referred to in a couple places - that events that seem innocous or meaningless when they originally happen end up having long term significance .
Indeed , in the 1970s or the 1980s , the idea that supporting strongly Saudi Arabia and Israel simultaneously was a fundamentally untenable proposition would not have necessarily made any sense .
After all , Saudi Arabia has never fought Israel , even if the two nations have never signed a peace treaty .
But the contradictions were always there , below the surface .
Saudi Arabia , with all its money , was buying off its hardline Wahabbi religious establishment while not investing in a properly diversified economy or open society in any substantive way .
It was and is in many ways a sick society still , 5 years after 9/11 .
But to restate the Cold War aphorism , " Its our sick society . "
The proof is in the 9/11 pudding .
Where did the high - jackers come from ?
15 from Saudi Arabia , a US ally ; 1 from Egypt , a US ally ; 1 from Lebanon ( a Lebanese Sunni man ) , a US ally ; and 2 from the United Arab Emirates , a US ally .
Notice a pattern ?
Lets leave out Ziad Jarrah from Lebanon .
The other 18 come from US client states that are either dictatorships or monarchies .
What was the Bush administration 's response to the attacks ?
For all Bush 's talk about the need for " a new policy " towards the region and a need to " reject stability , " the US 's strategy has remained fundamentally the same .
Pursue the fundamental pillars - support for Israel and an attempt to achieve regional hegemony - to a sort of logical extreme .
All the while ignoring that the fundamental incompatibility of these goals is what created 9/11 .
To some how paper over the fundamental illogicality of this , Bush et al. advanced the idea that the problem was a lack of democracy , while willfully ignoring the fact that free elections will lead to the election of politicians fundamentally opposed to both the pre-existing goals which the Bush administration had only more forcefully pursued in the wake of 9/11 .
The contradiction became obvious in the 4 month period that included the very strong Muslim Brotherhood showing in Egypt 's late 2005 Potemkin elections and Hamas 's victory in early 2006 .
This fact was further driven home by the United States 's failed diplomacy surrounding the Lebanon - Israel War this summer .
Basically , the current equation is thus : the US wants regional hegemony ( call it " empire " if you want ) .
But it needs friendly client states to do so .
However , these friendly client states are undemocratic and in some cases deeply illiberal .
There populations are opposed to US policy in the region and to the festering sore of the Israel conflict to boot .
The US 's strategy under Bush is to support Israel more , continue to attempt regional hegemony , and call for elections when it suits them and generally only in hostile regimes .
Simply put , these pieces wo n't fit together anymore .
Something has to give .
The Democrats ?
But the problem is the Democrats have nothing substantive to offer as an alternative , except for occasional opportunistic sniping ( usually deserved ) at the edges and more cutting criticism of Bush 's generally misbeggoten invasion of Iraq .
Why ?
Its because like the GOP , the Democrats - at least the so - called Beltway revolving door types - are also wedded to the " two pillars " just as much as the GOP .
The Democrats and this nation more generally are going to have to make a choice , whether sooner or later .
Which pillar do they want to support ?
Israel or Regional Hegemony ?
The answer to this question should n't be too hard .
( Yes , the right answer is Israel ) .
Yes , in the short run , it would mean surrendering the region to Islamists of various stripes .
But the US is probably going to have to do so anyway eventually , with even greater consequences .
You think things are bad now , but they could get worse .
How about a revolution in Egypt.
Or Saudi Arabia .
Or Pakistan ( admittedly out of the region , but relevant ) .
The fact the US is not liked and its policy of hegemony is not liked cannot be finessed .
It has nothing to do with a few " evil leaders " and everything to do with deep and widely held public opinion in the region .
If its no Iraq or Iran or Syira , it will be someone else .
There is no silver bullet to finesse the fact that the fundamental paradigm that has governed US Middle East policy since WWII is no longer tenable .
We are not in good spot today , but it is not too late .
Alan Blinder : I would not put large weight on this , but I think that to some extent attitudes and mores matter .
Regardless of Pareto efficiency , we do not allow indentured servitude or child labor .
Similarly , a $ 7.25 minimum wage would state that society deems it wrong to pay less .
Peter Dorman : Since Tocqueville ( at least ) there is a well - established argument that greater equality of income and respect is associated with better democratic performance .
This is a near - consensus position in political theory .
Arindrajit Dube : Increased income ( and reduced inequality ) has broad effects throughout society and polity ; this includes ( but is not limited to ) increased self worth , increased ability to use added time to spend with kids , attend community college , etc. , from an income effect .
Amitava Dutt : Reducing poverty , reducing inequality .
Creating a culture where people realize that some basic needs of people should be satisfied .
Robert M. Feinberg : I ’m not sure if this is exactly what is meant here , but I would see notions of fairness playing a role .
John R. Morris : Economic justice for low income people .
Jesse Rothstein : I believe that a great deal of bargaining happens within parameters that are determined , in part , by societal expectations .
Government policy has some role in determining those expectations .
Paul Swaim : … I think it is important that adults working full time can earn enough to make a substantial contribution to supporting a decent living standard and take pride in their status as workers .
Put differently , people playing by the rules should not feel like total losers ( or be considered as such by their fellow citizens ) .
The minimum wage can probably make a modest contribution to approaching this objective .
William Van Lear : Suggests a society committed to fairness and recognizes that power has a role in determining outcomes .
Mark Votruba : Vast disparities in wealth and income stability of democratic capitalism , as suggested by Alan Greenspan .
I would add that our sense of community is undermined , which in turn undermines the social norms towards “ appropriate ” social behaviors , especially by those at the bottom .
Jeffrey Waddoups : Reducing wage inequality will increase the quality of democratic institutions .
Bernard Wasow : A low cost demonstration of concern for low wage workers that causes little damage .
Elicits a buy - in by low wage workers to the polity
Henry W. Zaretsky : Improved living conditions for affected workers and their families .
Less likely to become dependent on public programs such as welfare and Medicaid .
More incentive to seek work .
More stake in the system .
More independence .
It is easy to read these and think " Ah , how narrow is neoclassical economics in contrast to these fine thoughts . "
My response is instead : " These people are making a mountain out of a molehill . "
Bernard Wasow is the guy who makes the most sense .
If you wish to understand the gap between market - oriented and more left - wing economists , this piece is an excellent place to start .
Some say the world will end in fire , some say in ice , wrote Robert Frost .
But whatever is to be our fate , it is now overdue .
After analysing the eradication of millions of ancient species , scientists have found that a mass extinction is due any moment now .
Their research has shown that every 62 million years - plus or minus 3 m years - creatures are wiped from the planet 's surface in massive numbers .
And given that the last great extinction occurred 65 m years ago , when dinosaurs and thousands of other creatures abruptly disappeared , the study suggests humanity faces a fairly pressing danger .
Even worse , scientists have no idea about its source .
' There is no doubting the existence of this cycle of mass extinctions every 62 m years .
It is very , very clear from analysis of fossil records , ' said Professor James Kirchner , of the University of California , Berkeley .
' Unfortunately , we are all completely baffled about the cause . '
The report , published in the current issue of Nature , was carried out by Professor Richard Muller and Robert Rohde also from the Berkeley campus .
They studied the disappearances of thousands of different marine species ( whose fossils are better preserved than terrestrial species ) over the past 500 m years .
Their results were completely unexpected .
It was known that mass extinctions have occurred in the past .
During the Permian extinction , 250 m years ago , more than 70 per cent of all species were wiped out , for example .
But most research suggested that these were linked to asteroid collisions and other random events .
But Muller and Rohde found that , far from being unpredictable , mass extinctions occur every 62 m years , a pattern that is ' striking and compelling ' , according to Kirchner .
But what is responsible ?
Here , researchers ran into problems .
They considered the passage of the solar system through gas clouds that permeate the galaxy .
These clouds could trigger climatic mayhem .
However , there is no known mechanism to explain why the passage might occur only every 62 m years .
Alternatively , the Sun may possess an undiscovered companion star .
It could approach the Sun every 62 m years , dislodging comets from the outer solar system and propelling them towards Earth .
Such a companion star has never been observed , however , and in any case such a lengthy orbit would be unstable , Muller says .
Or perhaps some internal geophysical cycle triggers massive volcanic activity every 62 m years , Muller and Rohde wondered .
Plumes from these would surround the planet and lead to a devastating drop in temperature that would freeze most creatures to death .
Unfortunately , scientists know of no such geological cycle .
' We have tried everything we can think of to find an explanation for these weird cycles of biodiversity and extinction , ' Muller said .
' So far we have failed .
And , yes , we are due one soon , but I would not panic yet . '
Airport security is a serious business , but why was a Reg reader refused a Krispy Kreme doughnut at Heathrow airport ?
Admittedly , the sugared snacks contain enough cooking oil and sugar to power a trailer park , but who knew they could be fashioned into bombs ?
On Saturday afternoon a Reg reader was dropping some friends at Heathrow and stopped off at Krispy Kreme doughnuts outside Terminal 3 .
But the reader was directed to the unstuffed ring doughnuts rather than a full - fat , fully stuffed Krispy Kreme special because the fillings fall foul of security restrictions .
" Imagine our confusion when the guy serving us advised that we could only buy ring doughnuts , not filled , circular doughnuts .
A moment or two 's wrangling in broken English and we discovered that he thought we were outbound passengers .
On further questioning , apparently the liquid contents of a filled doughnut fall foul of the new restrictions on liquids in carry on luggage .
Quite how the authorities imagine that a terrorist could blow up a 747 by rubbing two Krispy Kremes together was a bit beyond us .
But a spokesman for BAA denied they were stamping on Homer 's favourite food .
He said : " Passengers can take liquids in 100 ml bottles carrried in a clear plastic bag .
But passengers use common sense on foodstuffs .
Sandwich fillings and the like are not restricted . "
In fact , the only foods still on the restricted list are : " Liquid - based foods , sauces , stews , soups over 100 ml in size . "
Drinks suffer the same restrictions , but there is no mention of doughnuts .
The real restrictions are available here on BAA 's site . ®
National Affairs | Fall 2018
LONG before Donald Trump began his political career , he explained his attitude toward truth with characteristic brazenness .
In a 2004 television interview with Chris Matthews on MSNBC , he marveled at the Republicans ' successful attacks on the wartime heroism of Senator John Kerry , the Democrats ' presidential candidate .
" [ I ] t's almost coming out that [ George W. ]
Bush is a war hero and Kerry is n't , " Trump said , admiringly .
" I think that could be the greatest spin I 've ever seen . "
Matthews then asked about Vice President Dick Cheney 's insinuations that Kerry 's election would lead to a devastating attack on the United States .
" Well , " replied Trump , " it 's a terrible statement unless he gets away with it . "
With that extraordinary declaration , Trump showed himself to be an attentive student of disinformation and its operative principle : Reality is what you can get away with .
Trump 's command of the basic concept of disinformation offers some insight into how he approaches the truth as president .
The fact is that President Trump lies not only prolifically and shamelessly , but in a different way than previous presidents and national politicians .
They may spin the truth , bend it , or break it , but they pay homage to it and regard it as a boundary .
Trump 's approach is entirely different .
It was no coincidence that one of his first actions after taking the oath of office was to force his press secretary to tell a preposterous lie about the size of the inaugural crowd .
The intention was not to deceive anyone on the particular question of crowd size .
The president sought to put the press and public on notice that he intended to bully his staff , bully the media , and bully the truth .
In case anyone missed the point , Sean Spicer , Trump 's press secretary , made it clear a few weeks later when he announced favorable employment statistics .
In the Obama years , Trump had been fond of describing monthly jobs reports as " phony " and " totally fiction . "
But now ?
" I talked to the president prior to this and he said to quote him very clearly , " Spicer said .
" They may have been phony in the past , but it 's very real now . "
The president was not saying that the Bureau of Labor Statistics had improved its methodology .
He was asserting that truth and falsehood were subject to his will .
Since then , such lies have only multiplied .
Fact checkers say that , if anything , the rate has increased .
For the president and his enablers , the lying reflects a strategy , not merely a character flaw or pathology .
America has faced many challenges to its political culture , but this is the first time we have seen a national - level epistemic attack : a systematic attack , emanating from the very highest reaches of power , on our collective ability to distinguish truth from falsehood .
" These are truly uncharted waters for the country , " wrote Michael Hayden , former CIA director , in the Washington Post in April .
" We have in the past argued over the values to be applied to objective reality , or occasionally over what constituted objective reality , but never the existence or relevance of objective reality itself . "
To make the point another way : Trump and his troll armies seek to undermine the constitution of knowledge .
THE PROBLEM OF REALITY
The attack , Hayden noted , is on " the existence or relevance of objective reality itself . "
But what is objective reality ?
In everyday vernacular , reality often refers to the world out there : things as they really are , independent of human perception and error .
Reality also often describes those things that we feel certain about , things that we believe no amount of wishful thinking could change .
But , of course , humans have no direct access to an objective world independent of our minds and senses , and subjective certainty is in no way a guarantee of truth .
Philosophers have wrestled with these problems for centuries , and today they have a pretty good working definition of objective reality .
It is a set of propositions : propositions that have been validated in some way , and have thereby been shown to be at least conditionally true — true , that is , unless debunked .
Some of these propositions reflect the world as we perceive it ( e.g. , " The sky is blue " ) .
Others , like claims made by quantum physicists and abstract mathematicians , appear completely removed from the world of everyday experience .
It is worth noting , however , that the locution " validated in some way " hides a cheat .
In what way ?
Some Americans believe Elvis Presley is alive .
Should we send him a Social Security check ?
Many people believe that vaccines cause autism , or that Barack Obama was born in Africa , or that the murder rate has risen .
Who should decide who is right ?
And who should decide who gets to decide ?
This is the problem of social epistemology , which concerns itself with how societies come to some kind of public understanding about truth .
It is a fundamental problem for every culture and country , and the attempts to resolve it go back at least to Plato , who concluded that a philosopher king ( presumably someone like Plato himself ) should rule over reality .
Traditional tribal communities frequently use oracles to settle questions about reality .
Religious communities use holy texts as interpreted by priests .
Totalitarian states put the government in charge of objectivity .
There are many other ways to settle questions about reality .
Most of them are terrible because they rely on authoritarianism , violence , or , usually , both .
As the great American philosopher Charles Sanders Peirce said in 1877 , " When complete agreement could not otherwise be reached , a general massacre of all who have not thought in a certain way has proved a very effective means of settling opinion in a country . "
As Peirce implied , one way to avoid a massacre would be to attain unanimity , at least on certain core issues .
No wonder we hanker for consensus .
Something you often hear today is that , as Senator Ben Sasse put it in an interview on CNN , " [ W ]e have a risk of getting to a place where we do n't have shared public facts .
A republic will not work if we do n't have shared facts . "
But that is not quite the right answer , either .
Disagreement about core issues and even core facts is inherent in human nature and essential in a free society .
If unanimity on core propositions is not possible or even desirable , what is necessary to have a functional social reality ?
The answer is that we need an elite consensus , and hopefully also something approaching a public consensus , on the method of validating propositions .
We need n't and can't all agree that the same things are true , but a critical mass needs to agree on what it is we do that distinguishes truth from falsehood , and more important , on who does it .
Who can be trusted to resolve questions about objective truth ?
The best answer turns out to be no one in particular .
The greatest of human social networks was born centuries ago , in the wake of the chaos and creedal wars that raged across Europe after the invention of the printing press ( the original disruptive information technology ) .
In reaction , experimenters and philosophers began entertaining a radical idea .
They removed reality - making from the authoritarian control of priests and princes and placed it in the hands of a decentralized , globe - spanning community of critical testers who hunt for each other 's errors .
In other words , they outsourced objectivity to a social network .
Gradually , in the scientific revolution and the Enlightenment , the network 's norms and institutions assembled themselves into a system of rules for identifying truth : a constitution of knowledge .
OUR EPISTEMIC CONSTITUTION
Though nowhere encoded in law , the constitution of knowledge has its own equivalents of checks and balances ( peer review and replication ) , separation of powers ( specialization ) , governing institutions ( scientific societies and professional bodies ) , voting ( citations and confirmations ) , and civic virtues ( submit your beliefs for checking if you want to be taken seriously ) .
The members of the community that supports and upholds the constitution of knowledge do not have to agree on facts ; the whole point , indeed , is to manage their disagreements .
But they do need to agree on some rules .
One rule is that any hypothesis can be floated .
That 's free speech .
But another rule is that a hypothesis can join reality only insofar as it persuades people after withstanding vigorous questioning and criticism .
That 's social testing .
Only those propositions that are broadly agreed to have withstood testing over time qualify as knowledge , and even they stand only unless and until debunked .
The community that follows these rules is defined by its values and practices , not by its borders , and it is by no means limited to scholars and scientists .
It also includes journalism , the courts , law enforcement , and the intelligence community — all evidence - based professions that require competing hypotheses to be tested and justified .
Its members hold themselves and each other accountable for their errors .
When CNN , in 2017 , fired three senior journalists for getting a story wrong , President Trump gloated that the " Fake News " media 's dishonesty had been exposed .
( His tweet : " So they caught Fake News CNN cold , but what about NBC , CBS & ABC ? " )
In fact , the opposite was true :
By demanding evidentiary accountability , CNN showed that , unlike Trump , it adheres to standards of verification .
On any given day , of course , we wo n't all agree on what has or has not checked out .
The speed of light is widely agreed upon , but many propositions are disputed , and in some cases , such as man-made climate change , there is even a dispute about whether the proposition is in dispute .
The community that lives by the standards of verification constantly argues about itself , yet by doing so provides its members with time and space to work through their disagreements without authoritarian oversight .
The results have been spectacular , in three ways above all .
First , by organizing millions of minds to tackle billions of problems , the epistemic constitution disseminates knowledge at a staggering rate .
Every day , probably before breakfast , it adds more to the canon of knowledge than was accumulated in the 200,000 years of human history prior to Galileo 's time .
Second , by insisting on validating truths through a decentralized , non-coercive process that forces us to convince each other with evidence and argument , it ends the practice of killing ideas by killing their proponents .
What is often called the marketplace of ideas would be more accurately described as a marketplace of persuasion , because the only way to establish knowledge is to convince others you are right .
Third , by placing reality under the control of no one in particular , it dethrones intellectual authoritarianism and commits liberal society foundationally to intellectual pluralism and freedom of thought .
Together , these innovations have done nothing less than transform our way of living , learning , and relating to one another .
But they have always had natural enemies .
One , an ancient parasite , has recently mutated into something like an epistemic super - virus .
TROLL EPISTEMOLOGY
There is nothing new about disinformation .
Unlike ordinary lies and propaganda , which try to make you believe something , disinformation tries to make you disbelieve everything .
It scatters so much bad information , and casts so many aspersions on so many sources of information , that people throw up their hands and say , " They 're all a pack of liars . "
As Steve Bannon , a former Trump aide and former leader of Breitbart News , succinctly put it in an interview with Bloomberg , " [ T ] he way to deal with [ the media ] is to flood the zone with shit . "
Although disinformation is old , it has recently cross-pollinated with the internet to produce something new : the decentralized , swarm - based version of disinformation that has come to be known as trolling .
Trolls attack real news ; they attack the sources of real news ; they disseminate fake news ; and they create artificial copies of themselves to disseminate even more fake news .
By unleashing great quantities of lies and half - truths , and then piling on and swarming , they achieve hive - mind coordination .
Because trolling need not bother with persuasion or anything more than very superficial plausibility , it can concern itself with being addictively outrageous .
Epistemically , it is anarchistic , giving no valence to truth at all ; like a virus , all it cares about is replicating and spreading .
Still , trolling is epistemically low - tech .
It is antisocial , even sociopathic , and therefore difficult to direct toward any constructive goal .
Unmoored from all epistemic standards , it is incapable of establishing that anything is true or that anyone is right .
All it can do is spread confusion and demolish trust .
Why would someone want to do that ?
Some trolls find it amusing to give offense ( what they call " triggering " ) ; some style themselves protesters against political correctness ; and some love the thrill of vandalism and defiance .
But there are other , less - nihilistic reasons .
To understand troll epistemology , think of the constitution of knowledge as a funnel .
At the wide end , millions of people float millions of hypotheses every day .
Only an infinitesimal fraction of new ideas will be proven true .
To find them , we run the hypotheses through a massive , socially distributed error - finding process .
Only a tiny few make it to the narrow end of the funnel .
There , often years later , a kind of social valve — call it prestige and recognition — admits the surviving propositions into the canon of knowledge .
People who successfully bring a proposition into the canon are greeted with publication , professorships , promotions , and prizes .
Those who follow the rules without scoring a breakthrough receive honorable mention .
Those who flout the rules are simply ignored .
The constitution of knowledge makes a very strong claim : a claim to supremacy in organizing social decision - making about what is and is not reality ( much as the U.S. Constitution claims supremacy in organizing political decision - making ) .
Of course , it 's a free country , and anyone can say he has knowledge .
But the constitution of knowledge is defined by a social pact :
In return for the freedom and peace and knowledge the system confers , we ignore alternative claims on reality where social decision - making is concerned .
We let alt - truth talk , but we do n't let it write textbooks , receive tenure , bypass peer review , set the research agenda , dominate the front pages , give expert testimony , or dictate the flow of public dollars .
That is why we do n't mail Elvis a Social Security check , no matter how many people think he is alive .
Notice the delicate balance here .
To protect the wide end of the funnel , we disallow censorship .
We say : Alt - truth is never criminalized .
At the same time , to protect the narrow end of the funnel , we regulate influence .
We say : Alt - truth is always ignored .
You can believe and say whatever you want .
But if your beliefs do n't check out , or if you do n't submit them for checking , you can't expect anyone else to publish , care about , or even notice what you think .
Striking this balance is difficult , and maintaining it involves a lot of implicit social cooperation .
The constitution of knowledge requires high degrees of both toleration and discipline , neither of which is easy to come by .
With that in mind , the implications of troll epistemology come into sharper focus .
By insisting that all the fact checkers and hypothesis testers out there are phonies , trolls discredit the very possibility of a socially validated reality , and open the door to tribal knowledge , personal knowledge , partisan knowledge , and other manifestations of epistemic anarchy .
By spreading lies and disinformation on an industrial scale , they sow confusion about what might or might not be true , and about who can be relied on to discern the difference , and about whether there is any difference .
By being willing to say anything , they exploit shock and outrage to seize attention and hijack the public conversation .
That last tactic is especially insidious .
The constitution of knowledge is organized around an epistemic honor code : Objective truth exists ; efforts to find it should be impersonal ; credentials matter ; what has n't been tested is n't knowledge ; and so on .
Trolls violate all those norms :
They mock truth , sling mud , trash credentials , ridicule testing , and all the rest .
Instinctively , the champions of the constitution of knowledge defend their values — but when they do , they " feed the trolls , " providing attention and airtime that the trolls use to redouble their attacks .
In this way , Trump and his troll army delighted in repurposing the charge that they were purveying " fake news . "
In 2013 , someone using the handle @backupwraith tweeted , " i firmly believe that @realDonald Trump is the most superior troll on the whole of twitter . "
Whereupon @realDonaldTrump took the trouble to tweet back : " A great compliment ! "
We can't say he did n't warn us .
A PERFECT STORM
If trolling is sociopathic and disinformation is parasitic , how did this ancient but usually containable bug become a super - virus ?
George Orwell thought that making us doubt the truth that 's in front of our noses required bureaucracies and police agencies marshalling the might of a state .
In his age of big business and big unions and big government and the other " bigs , " disinformation and propaganda seemed unlikely to succeed without large - scale institutional support — and even for states as overbearing as the Soviet Union , the lift was heavy .
Liberalism 's diffuse , decentralized model thrives on dissent , whereas a single Andrei Sakharov threatened the brittle Soviet system .
To be sure , fake news existed and entrepreneurs found ways to profit from it .
Who can forget the Weekly World News ?
From 1979 to 2007 it treated us to headlines like " Clinton Hires 3 - Breasted Intern , " " Hillary Clinton Adopts Alien Baby , " and " Bat Child Found in Cave . "
In 1992 , politicos knew George H. W. Bush 's re-election campaign was in trouble when WWN 's beloved space alien endorsed Bill Clinton for president .
But that august publication had to employ writers and editors to make up stuff , artists to doctor photos , and sales staff to round up ads for penile enhancement ; then it had to pay for printing and buy rack space in supermarkets .
The bat child was expensive to create and distribute , and the market for him was small and costly to reach .
By contrast , the Associated Press could bundle reporting from reputable papers everywhere and distribute it to outlets around the world .
Economies of scale favored real news .
In the heyday of the bigs , reality defenders became complacent about disinformation .
There did n't seem to be a private - sector business model for it , and the state actors were weakening .
What we could not foresee was a perfect storm of technological , economic , and political changes , all working to the disadvantage of the constitution of knowledge .
First , social media created a distribution platform for disinformation .
Putting stuff out there costs effectively nothing .
Mobilizing troll armies of humans and bots is easy and cheap .
As the digital - media critic Frederic Filloux writes , " For a few hundred bucks , anyone can buy thousands of social media accounts that are old enough to be credible , or millions of email addresses .
Also , by using Mechanical Turk or similar cheap crowdsourcing services widely available on the open web , anyone can hire legions of ‘ writers ' who will help to propagate any message or ideology on a massive scale . "
Second , software learned to hack our brains .
Sophisticated algorithms and granular data allowed messages and images to be minutely tuned and targeted .
These are powerful new tools that humans are not designed to encounter or resist .
( Coming soon , according to Filloux : " weaponized artificial intelligence propaganda , " fake or hyperpartisan content that is customized for particular individuals and distributed by swarms of bots .
Do you feel ready ? )
Third , the clickbait economy created a business model .
Disinformation went from vandalistic to profitable .
Google Ads and Facebook ( among others ) monetized page views , thereby monetizing anything that generates clicks , regardless of truth value .
At the same time , traditional media 's business model crumpled .
Because accurate reportage is orders of magnitude more expensive to produce than disinformation , the economic advantage of real news vaporized .
Together , those changes democratized and economized disinformation in ways Orwell could not have imagined .
One more step was then required to complete the process : Politicians and nation - states weaponized trolling .
Russia , as we now all know , was ahead of the curve in understanding how to mechanize and merchandize disinformation .
Orwell was n't wrong : A nation - state is still an impressive force multiplier .
As state - based actors and independent trolls and bots cued each other with fake news , they created an echo chamber that proved deafening and disorienting .
All of which was compounded by one other actor .
A student of disinformation and a self - described troll , Trump established his political celebrity with a lie about President Obama 's birth and never stopped lying .
The outrage and bewilderment evoked by his tsunami of balderdash dominated the 2016 campaign and afforded him unprecedented free media .
Like an epistemic virus , Trump commandeered the media and reprogrammed them to pump out his memes .
Trump 's most important contribution to the trolling of the American mind is not what he says , but that it is impossible to ignore what he says .
In the past , the constitution of knowledge dealt with and contained alt - truth by ignoring and sidelining it .
For generations , such marginalization allowed Christian Scientists and astrologists and conspiracy theorists and many other purveyors of alternative realities to believe what they believe without disrupting science and society .
But there is just no way to marginalize an American president .
He can set the agenda and dominate the news .
He can turn the White House into a baloney factory .
He can impanel a public commission to investigate a claim he completely made up .
All of which , and more , he has done .
ALL DOWNSIDE
Will Trump and the trolls triumph ?
I doubt it .
Weaponized trolling has enjoyed the advantage of surprise , but as that diminishes , the troll army will encounter a disadvantage .
Trolls have swarms , but the constitution of knowledge has institutions .
Creating knowledge is inherently a professionalized and structured affair .
Whether you are engaged in bench chemistry , daily journalism , or intelligence analysis , testing hypotheses requires time , money , skill , expertise , and intricate social interaction .
Of course , ordinary people can and should participate , and the constitution of knowledge welcomes their efforts .
Anyone who follows the rules can make a contribution , as amateur astronomers and geologists have been doing for centuries , and no one is jailed for being wrong .
But at the core of the constitution of knowledge , by its very nature , are professional networks .
The distinguishing characteristic of journalism is professional editing , and its institutional home is the newsroom , which curates and checks stories , trains reporters , organizes complex investigations , inculcates professional ethics , and more .
The distinguishing characteristic of academic research is professional review : a sophisticated , multilayered project distributed among university faculties , journals , credentialing organizations , scholarly conferences , and so on .
Modern jurisprudence , policy development , and intelligence collection would be unthinkable without institutions like the courts , law schools , and think tanks , as well as agencies like the Congressional Budget Office , Bureau of Labor Statistics , Central Intelligence Agency , and many others — all staffed and run by elaborately trained people who exchange detailed knowledge across specialized channels , using protocols developed over decades and centuries .
To be an accomplished scholar or journalist requires years of training and acculturation , which only institutions can provide .
Troll networks are acephalous , which makes them self - organizing and persistent .
They do have some institutional nodes , such as Russia 's Internet Research Agency and President Trump 's Twitter account .
And they are nothing if not ingenious .
So they are in a position to spring a lot of unpleasant surprises .
But they cannot approach the institutional depth of the communities built up around the constitution of knowledge , nor do they try .
Instead , they relentlessly attack the institutions at the heart of those communities , hoping to make the public see professional academics and journalists as scammers peddling biased personal opinions .
On that score , they have had some success .
Charges that academia , journalism , and other evidence - based enterprises are bogus , biased , illegitimate , racist , oppressive , secular - humanist , and so on are nothing new , and they contain important grains of truth .
Although the marvel of our knowledge - making institutions is how well they have functioned ( especially compared to the alternatives ) , it 's reasonable to worry about , for example , liberal bias in traditional media and a replication crisis in establishment science .
The answer , however , is to remediate the defects , not to trash the institutions .
How much damage the troll attack inflicts depends on a lot of things , but it depends most on how successfully the institutions rally to improve their performance and defend their values .
Most of those institutions appear to be rising to the challenge .
Mainstream media organizations , for example , have responded well to Trump 's unprecedented populist attacks .
They have shown no signs of being intimidated or deterred ; if anything , just the opposite .
The public seems to be responding with new , if sometimes grudging , respect .
Between 2016 and 2017 , according to polling by the Freedom Forum Institute , the percentage of the public saying that media outlets try to report news without bias jumped by an impressive 20 percentage points , from 23 % to 43 % .
Politico reports that even young subscribers are flocking to old media .
Trump 's attacks on the press seem to have strengthened its resolve and its popularity .
The courts and law enforcement have also responded resolutely , even bravely .
The judicial system has gone about its business with unperturbed professionalism , much to the frustration of the White House .
Still more frustrating to the president has been the determination of professionals within the Justice Department and the FBI to maintain their integrity in the face of his unrelenting campaign to demonize and politicize them and bend them to his will .
The same appears to be true of the intelligence community .
Republicans charge the so - called " deep state " with one impropriety after another , yet each investigation only bolsters confidence that the law - enforcement and intelligence communities are on the level , and the Republicans are not .
It 's no coincidence that some of the most outspoken defenders of the constitution of knowledge — such as Hayden , the former CIA director , and James Comey , the former FBI director — have come from the intelligence and law - enforcement worlds .
Although the government 's statistical and research agencies — places like the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the Bureau of Labor Statistics , and the Congressional Budget Office — have not come under direct attack ( with the possible and partial exception of the Census Bureau ) , my guess is that , when the attack comes , they too will stand their ground .
New media and social platforms have not performed as well , but they are scrambling to do better .
Trolls and bots stole a march on them .
Their own mistakes and blind spots left them vulnerable , and they lack the deep institutional cultures and defenses that old media have evolved .
Fortunately , Facebook and Google — the industry titans — have declared their commitment to the constitution of knowledge and are working fast to demote fake news , kick out bots , and deter abusive behavior .
Whether they can get a handle on the problem remains to be seen , but they are trying , and that is important and good .
But then , in the not - so - hot category , there is academia , which may well be the most important of the institutions that comprise the constitution of knowledge .
A recent study of top - ranked liberal - arts colleges by the National Association of Scholars found that 39 % had zero Republican professors , and that almost 80 % of the academic departments had " either zero Republicans , or so few as to make no difference . "
You need to go about with a lantern in broad daylight , Diogenes - style , to find a conservative in a humanities department .
Many academics and students who do lean right are closeted .
The university does not reliably feel like a safe space for them .
On campus , conservative speakers are often shunned , shouted down , denounced in hysterical terms .
An unguarded statement , even if not obviously controversial — say , a suggestion that grown - up students at Yale should not need university guidance about their Halloween costumes — can ignite a firestorm .
Many otherwise outspoken students , including many who do not think of themselves as particularly conservative , say they will not discuss race or gender on campus , for fear of being called out .
As one recent Ivy League graduate told me , " It 's all downside . "
The large majority of professional scholars strive to conduct gold - standard research , and many if not most students quietly resent the call - out culture .
But theirs are not the dominant voices on campus or in the media .
News stories about campus intolerance and unreason ricochet throughout the media to portray the university as a place that puts political standards ahead of professional ones .
No wonder much of the public has formed the impression that academia is not trustworthy .
It should be routine for universities to welcome conservative scholars and champion conservative scholarship ; to engage civilly and even appreciatively with controversial speakers ; to shrug off provocations and reject censorship in all its forms ; to eschew the politicization of research ; to define safety as something other than intellectual conformity ; to teach students to transcend their tribal identities rather than to burrow into them ; to regard diversity of perspective as a reason to have conversations , not to shut them down .
Universities are the mainstays of the constitution of knowledge .
They train students and scholars in the methods and mores of structured inquiry ; they build and safeguard knowledge ; they ask the questions that others overlook or avoid .
And so if universities are rackets , merely imposing some opinions on everyone else or pursuing someone 's political agenda , then the constitution of knowledge is a racket , too .
If universities foster cultures of conformity rather than of criticism , if they traffic in politicized orthodoxies and secular religions , then the winner is not social justice but trolling .
Which is all downside .
Jonathan Rauch is a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution .
The iPod has helped revitalise Apple 's fortunes
Chief executive Steve Jobs said this was the California - based firm 's best - ever quarterly performance .
For the three months to 25 June , its profit rose to $ 320 m ( £ 262.6 m ) , up from $ 61 m in the same quarter a year ago .
Sales surged 75 % to $ 3.52bn , fuelled by a six - fold increase in sales of iPods since the third quarter of 2004 .
The company also shipped 1.2 million Macintosh computers during the last quarter .
" We are delighted to report Apple 's best quarter ever in both revenue and earnings , " Mr Jobs said .
And he said the launch of Mac OS X Tiger had been a " tremendous success " .
Apple released is latest earnings report after the Nasdaq closed trading on Wednesday .
The internet is not an accident .
The internet was not bound to happen .
There was no guarantee that the internet would reach its current state as a side effect of emerging digital processing and communications capabilities .
We did not recover complex alien technology .
The internet , that place where all eventual business will be transacted , all content and media will be distributed , all correspondence will be exchanged , all history will be recorded , and all pornography will be is being admired , has a design - and its meant for exactly these purposes .
Many of the principles that led to this design are still with us today , although I would challenge you to ascertain them by observing the mainstream technologies being peddled by leading vendors , publications , and analyst firms .
Those who rose to power in a much different environment , where the short - term profits of disconnected , dead - end business software was deemed more important than laying a fertile ground where millions of new ideas ( and hence new profits ) could bloom .
But the dead - end has long been reached and so these industry leaders have turned their attention to this new place , built on principles and values very different from their own , and have somehow reached the conclusion that this thriving ecosystem must be re-arranged such that they have somewhere to place their baggage .
Instead of embracing the people , principals , and technologies that gave rise to this phenomenon they have chosen to subvert its history and to implant the ridiculous notion that it is “ incapable of meeting the stringent demands of the business community . ”
Not only have these business radicals claimed the internet as their own but they have also somehow gained the confidence of all the worlds industry in their ability to deliver a new and sparkling internet , one no doubt capable of reproducing the complexities and flaws that plague existing mediums so as to make it feel more like home .
They ’ve brought their own principles and agendas , asserting them as obvious and correct while ignoring the wisdom we ’ve gained and shared and gained and shared over years of collaborative practice and observation of working systems at this scale .
But business is something for which I ’ve acquired admittedly little competence and so I would like to transition now and lay rest to this insulting notion that the tools and methods that dominate the modern web are of lesser quality and modernity than their big-vendor , enterprise class , industry accepted counterparts .
The arrogant assumption that the people who built this place have been waiting idly by with suboptimal processes , tools , and protocols in the hopes that one day the masters of proprietary business software would bless us with their advanced capabilities .
The rhetoric that suggests that the tools used to provide a brunt of the value on the internet are somehow expired , inelegant , or lacking in technical merit .
In an attempt to bring some semblance of reality to the conversation , I would like to present to you , Tim Berners - Lee ’s Axioms of Web Architecture , otherwise known as “ Motherhood and Apple Pie ” .
First recorded in one place by Tim in 1998 , these principles had been around and were well known for many years before .
Some trace back to early computing and some predate computing and were taken from such practices as mathematics .
These are the principles of design that have brought us where we are today and you can observe them working as designed in protocols and formats such as HTTP , URIs , MIME , HTML , and even XML ( sometimes ) , and architectures such as REST .
And you can observe them working in systems that facilitate the internet - tools such as Apache httpd , PHP , Perl , Python , C , UNIX , and newcomers such as Linux , PostgreSQL , Ruby , etc .
I present these principles now as evidence that we are quite aware what it is we ’re doing and that these tools and protocols are the way they are for a reason .
We realize that they are in many ways quite different from their analogs in the old - world of narrowly distributed business software but we ask that you please consider their design in the context of the ecosystem where they flourish and ponder whether this might not be coincidence .
The principles of design that have shaped the web and tools that underly it ( again , from Axioms of Web Architecture ) :
Simplicity Modular Design Tolerance Decentralization Test of Independent Invention Principle of Least Power
Simplicity
We begin our look at the design principles of the web with the most important aspect of design in any system - simplicity .
Note that the best way of mixing the basic aspects of design ( simplicity , consistency , correctness , and completeness ) is a topic that ’s been debated for decades .
However , all major styles of design agree that “ simplicity ” ranks first .
From Berners - Lee ’s Axioms :
A language which uses fewer basic elements to achieve the same power is simpler .
Sometimes simplicity is confused with “ easy to understand ” .
For example , a two - line solution which uses recursion is pretty simple , even though some people might find it easier to work through a 10 - line solution which avoids recursion .
Simplicity is sometimes defined as a measure of the number of parts required to make a thing work while retaining clarity .
If one design requires many parts while another requires few , the latter is said to have a greater level of simplicity .
As an example , which of the following equivalent operations is more desirable ?
2 ** 5
or …
2 * 2 * 2 * 2 * 2
While the first solution requires a slightly higher level of understanding it is indeed the simpler because it more clearly captures intent using fewer parts .
Note that “ simplicity ” is not a synonym for “ a hack ” or “ quick - and - dirty ” .
Neither is it equivalent to “ dumbed - down ” .
Another example might illustrate these differences :
One way to print a simple message …
public class WeReallyLikeClasses { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System.out.println ( " hello world " ) ; } }
and another way …
print ' hello world '
The former provides very little advantage over the latter while requiring more elements .
The second example is said to be the simpler and thus is highly desirable .
This is an admittedly simple case , which is kind of the point , but this might be a better example .
So I would like to impress upon you that the languages that dominate the web are not the way they are because we lack the ability to build more complex , sophisticated , flashy tools and languages , they are that way because we assume extra complexity is unnecessary until proven required and we see very little evidence to support the inclusion of the complexities that have been introduced into “ enterprise class ” software over the past decade .
Modular Design
The web ’s core architecture and many of the tools that facilitate its operation are extremely modular in design .
In fact , in my recent writing about the “ LAMP stack ” I ’ve grown an aversion to the term because what I really wish to convey is not simply the base Linux , Apache , MySQL , and PHP components but near 20 very specific and modular pieces that can be combined in various ways to craft a targeted overall solution to a given problem domain .
What about the BSD , lighttpd , PostgreSQL , Ruby configurations ?
The term LAMP should not exclude them — you can mix any one of the LAMP components into this configuration due to the high level of modularity of each piece .
Again we quote TBL :
When you design a system , or a language , then if the features can be broken into relatively loosely bound groups of relatively closely bound features , then that division is a good thing to be made a part of the design .
This is just good engineering .
It means that when you want to change the system , you can with luck in the future change only one part , which will only require you to understand ( and test ) that part .
This will allow other people to independently change other parts at the same time .
This is just classic good software design and books have been written about it .
The corollary , the TOII is less frequently met .
And so it is with great interest that those who understand the principle of modularity and the benefits it provides in web - like environments watch as industry leaders now make such senseless claims as these :
Having products that are engineered to work together –something open - source competitors cannot do–will ultimately make Microsoft products easier to run and more cost - effective over time , said Paul Flessner , senior vice president of server applications .
As you can infer from the quote , it is not the principle of modularity that drives these components into separate pieces but an inability of “ open - source competitors ” to make things “ work together ” .
This is especially disturbing when the company making the claim has demonstrably poor modularity that is widely considered to be one of the most significant deterrents to progress on their platform .
Tolerance
Tolerance is another well - understood and very obvious principle of the web and the tools that support it :
“ Be liberal in what you require but conservative in what you do ”
This is the expression of a principle which applies pretty well in life , ( it is a typical UU tenet ) , and is commonly employed in design across the Internet .
Write HTML 4.0 - strict .
Accept HTML - 4.0 - Transitional ( a superset of strict ) .
This principle can be contentious .
When browsers are lax about what they expect , the system works better but also it encourages laxness on the part of web page writers .
The principle of tolerance does not blunt the need for a perfectly clear protocol specification which draws a precise distinction between a conformance and non-conformance .
The principle of tolerance is no excuse for a product which contravenes a standard .
Again , adoption of this principle by leading vendors in their attempts to bring the business community to the web are sorely lacking .
The complexities and required aspects of vendor driven specifications and tools guarantee that they will never be capable of doing for the business community what the web has done for the general public .
Decentralization
This is a principle of the design of distributed systems , including societies .
It points out that any single common point which is involved in any operation trends to limit the way the system scales , and produce a single point of complete failure .
While AOL and Microsoft ’s Passport are perfect examples of how ignoring the web ’s basic principles can lead to disaster , I wo n’t go into it due to severe lack of challenge and therefore motivation .
However , I would like to note that this principle applies not only to technology but also to the structure of business , vendors , and communities .
There are far too few vendors providing far too many services to the business community .
Many vendors and analysts actually encourage companies to become completely dependent on a single vendor ( as in , “ we ’re an IBM shop ” ) .
A better strategy for businesses is to diversify their technology providers between many smaller vendors that each provide tools and services adhering to the basic principles of the web and thus providing a base level of interoperability and freedom .
Those vendors do n’t exist in great numbers at present , but they will .
Test of Independent Invention
This has strong ties to the principle of modularity and , again , is observable in most of the pieces we consider part of LAMP / friends .
If someone else had already invented your system , would theirs work with yours ?
Does this system have to be the only one of its kind ?
This simple thought test is described in more detail in “ Evolution ” in these Design Issues .
It is modularity inside - out : designing a system not to be modular in itself , but to be a part of an as - yet unspecified larger system .
A critical property here is that the system tries to do one thing well , and leaves other things to other modules .
It also has to avoid conceptual or other centralization , as no two modules can claim the need to be the unique center of a larger system .
Principle of Least Power
The Principle of Least Power is perhaps the most visible in the tools and technologies that have gained wide spread acceptance on the web and at the same time the least understood .
Languages like HTML , PHP , and RSS are perfect examples of the strange adoption rates “ least power ” systems enjoy .
I will quote TBL in his entirety because he explains the principle so well :
In choosing computer languages , there are classes of program which range from the plainly descriptive ( such as Dublin Core metadata , or the content of most databases , or HTML ) though logical languages of limited power ( such as access control lists , or conneg content negotiation ) which include limited propositional logic , though declarative languages which verge on the Turing Complete ( PDF ) through those which are in fact Turing Complete though one is led not to use them that way ( XSLT , SQL ) to those which are unashamedly procedural ( Java , C ) .
The choice of language is a common design choice .
The low power end of the scale is typically simpler to design , implement and use , but the high power end of the scale has all the attraction of being an open - ended hook into which anything can be placed : a door to uses bounded only by the imagination of the programmer .
Computer Science in the 1960s to 80s spent a lot of effort making languages which were as powerful as possible .
Nowadays we have to appreciate the reasons for picking not the most powerful solution but the least powerful .
The reason for this is that the less powerful the language , the more you can do with the data stored in that language .
If you write it in a simple declarative from , anyone can write a program to analyze it in many ways .
The Semantic Web is an attempt , largely , to map large quantities of existing data onto a common language so that the data can be analyzed in ways never dreamed of by its creators .
If , for example , a web page with weather data has RDF describing that data , a user can retrieve it as a table , perhaps average it , plot it , deduce things from it in combination with other information .
At the other end of the scale is the weather information portrayed by the cunning Java applet .
While this might allow a very cool user interface , it can not be analyzed at all .
The search engine finding the page will have no idea of what the data is or what it is about .
This the only way to find out what a Java applet means is to set it running in front of a person .
I hope that is a good enough explanation of this principle .
There are millions of examples of the choice .
I chose HTML not to be a programming language because I wanted different programs to do different things with it : present it differently , extract tables of contents , index it , and so on .
I hope re-stating these principles at this point in the evolution of business on the web might help illuminate why leading vendors currently seem incapable of bringing the magic of the web to the business community - they do n’t understand its basic principles .
And instead of attempting to understand these basic principles so that they may apply them for the benefit of their investors , customers , and industry partners , they are attempting to discredit them .
This should also clear up any questions as to why IBM and other progressive companies are moving to adopt technologies such as Linux and PHP , why Google and Yahoo are so successful , and why many of us feel Python and Ruby have an edge on more traditional languages designed for the slowly deteriorating world of unconnected business software .
The good news in all this is that there is a resurgence of interest in the web ’s basic principles that is somewhat oriented toward the business community .
I believe this renewal of interest to be the result of increased communication through weblogs and other web - friendly collaboration tools combined with massive adoption of free and open source development methods .
The bad news is that a huge portion of the software industry is n’t involved and are in many ways blocking progress using techniques that are hard to describe as anything other than dishonest .
( I reserve the right to make changes to this document after sleeping a bit .
Please log suggestions and corrections using the comments sections below )
去年から Google にジョインしている vim の作者 ，Bram Moolenaar が，先日 Google 本社に て " Seven habits of effective text editing 2.0 ( 効率的なテキスト編集 の7つの習慣 ) " と題してプレゼンを行った模様．
プレゼンは約45分，質疑応答含めて80分．
7 Habits For Effective Text Editing 2.0 - Google Video
プレゼンビデオをファイルとしてダウンロードしたい方はこちら
( DivX 507MB ) ．
ftp://ftp.vim.org/pub/vim/stuff/7Habits20.avi
プレゼン資料はこちら ( PDF 640KB ) ．
http://www.moolenaar.net/habits_2007.pdf
Vimmer にとってはヨダレもの．また ，Emacs を始めとする他のエディター愛用者にとっても興味深いプレゼンだと思うので，以下に要点を意訳しておく．
日々，様々なテキスト ( ソースコード，ドキュメント，e-mail，ログファイルなど ) を編集するのに，時間が足らない!
このプレゼンは 「 いかに多くの作業を少ない時間でこなすか」について．
良いエディタを選択することが最初のステップ
( もちろんここでは Vim を用いて説明 )
もし既に自分の手に馴染むエディタを使っているなら，他のエディタを試すのは時間の無駄
( このプレゼン終了後に，あなたは自分が使っているエディタが本当に良いか悩むかもしれないけど… ) ．
もし自分にピッタリのエディタを見つけられていないなら，Vim を使うこと．ガッカリはさせないから．
3つの基本ステップ :
Step 1 . 非効率な作業を認識する
Step 2 : より良い方法を見つける
Step 3 . それを習慣にす る
以降このプレゼンは，この3つのステップをベースに「7つの習慣」を説明する．
Step 1 は非効率な作業，つまり繰り返し行ったり，時間がかかる作業を見つけること．
Step 2 は，それをいかに改善するかについて．パワフルなエディタであれば，作業を高速化するコマンドがあるはず．スクリプトを組めたり，外部プログラムを呼んだりもできるかもしれない．
また，より良い方法を見つけるのは簡単ではないので，各習慣の
Step 2 の部分では，いかにそれを見つけるかの例も一緒に紹介する．
Step 3 はそれを習慣にする，つまり指が勝手に動くようになるまで，その方法を使い続けること．
な ぜ 「 7つ 」の習慣?
今 回7つという数字を選んだのは ，" The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People " という本にインスパイアされたから．この本は本当にオススメです．
ところで " Seven years of highly defective people " というのもある．こちらは息抜きがてらに．
さて本題 ．
Habit 1 : 高速に移動す る
Step 1 :
検索する際に，対象語をいちいちタイプしていないか?
Step 2 :
-> searching のヘルプセクションを参照してみ る
検索する際に ，" hlsearch " オプションを有効にして，検索語をハイライトし，視認性を高める． " * "
コマンドでカーソル位置の単語をサクッと検索する．
Step 3 :
.vimrc に " : set hlsearch " を記述し， " * " を使い続けること．
folding なども非常に有効．例えば関数毎に全て fold してしまい，一覧性を高めるとか ．
Habit 2 : 2回タイプしない
Step 1 :
長くて複雑な関数名などはミスタイプしやすい．前の記述をコピペしている人もいるようだが，それだって非効率だ．
Step 2 :
-> 他の人に聞いてみる ( 実は聞いてしまうのが結構良い方法だったりする．自分で全ての方法を探し出す必要はない)
インサートモードコンプリーション ( CTRL_N ) を使う ．
Step 3 :
使い続けていると，どれだけタイプすればコンプリーションに十分かコツがつかめるようになる ( あまりに短いと，候補がたくさん出すぎる ) ．
変わった名前の人に e-mail を書く場合など，辞書ファイルを作ってそこからコンプリーションをするのも有効．
Vim 7.0 以降では，omni completion も追加されている ．
Habit 3 : 間違いはすぐに修正する
Step 1 :
文章を書いた後は，ミススペルしていないか見直さなければいけない．スペルチェッカーを使ってもいいけど，それだって非効率だ．
Step 2 :
-> Vim の ML を検索してみる ( とても多くの質問と回答，tips などが投稿されている )
スペルコレクション用のマクロを定義する．
: iabbrev teh the : syntax keyword WordError teh
Habit 4 : 関連ファイルを渡り歩く
Step 3:スポットされた単語は自分の辞書ファイルに随時追加していく．さらにそれを行うマップを定義してもいい．
Step 1 :
新しいプロジェクトに参加する時など，ファイルの依存関係を理解する必要がある．
Step 2 :
-> quick reference guide を見てみ る
tags と quickfix を使う ．
:! ctags - R . : tag init : tnext
: grep " \< K_HOME \ > "
**/*.h : cnext
Habit 5 : 他のアプリとの親和性について
Step 1 :
MS - Word ，OOo Calc，Outlook などのエディタが使いにくい．いつのまにか " : wq " してしまう ．
多くのアプリは整形されたテキストを扱うことができるが，エディターが使いにくい．Vim は良いエディターだが，レイアウトにまでは関与しない．この両者の良い点を繋げることができれば良いのだが…
Step 2 :
残念ながらこれを解決する最善の方法は無い．
2番目に良い方法としては，
: set tw=0 wrap linebreak
Habit 6 : テキストは構造化されている
して，コピペすること ．Step 3:これを習慣にしても，やはりいろんなところで :wq してしまう…
Step 1 :
プレインテキストでも，多くの場合はなにかしらの構造
( 規則性 ) を持つはず．これを利用して編集作業の生産性を上げることができる．例えば lint の不必要な warnings やログファイルの余分な情報をを除去する ．
Step 2 :
-> スクリプトで解決する
lint をクリーンアップしたいなら ，
map _cl : call CleanLint ( ) < CR > func CleanLint ( ) g/gtk_x11.c:.*enum/d g/if_perl.*conversion to .* proto/d endfunc
Habit 7 : いつも刃を研いでおくこと
自分のコマンドは必要に応じてチューニングを怠らないこと．
自分自身の行動から，改善点を見つけること．
- folding
- 自動インデント
- プラグイン
- ネットワーク越しの編集
- アドバンスド スクリプティン グ
- などなど
を駆使して刃を研ぎすませておこう．
を定義して，_cl 実行後に : cfile % して error list に変換する ．Step 3 : lint を通した後は，_cl する癖をつける．必要な情報まで除去しないように気をつけること．この要領で，必要なコマンドをどんどん追加していけばいい．
最後の「習慣」は，これまで紹介した習慣をどのように「習慣」にするかについて．
これまでの Step 3 ( 「 習慣にする」の部分 ) は，「ただやれ」と言っているようで，当たり前のように聞こえるかもしれないし，重要ではないように思えるかもしれないが，必要なタスクを習慣にしてはじめて高速に編集作業ができるようになるのである．何も考えずにエディタを使い続けるのではなく，少しずつ洗練させて行こう．
例えば車の運転と同じ．最初はギアチェンジすること，ワイパーやライトをオンにすることなどを覚えていくが，そのうち無意識に行うようになる．ただエディタには車よりもたくさんのコマンドがあるから，1つ1つ，必要に応じて着実に習得していこう．
「 コマンドを知らないことによって，どれだけの時間が無駄にされているか」「今より優れた方法を探すのに，どれだけの時間がかかるか」「そのマクロを書くことによって，どれだけの時間が短縮されるか」といったことを基準にして，将来何が必要かを考えてみよう．
非効率的なテキスト編集のしかた
- ドキュメントを読んだり，新しいコマンドを覚える時間が無い
- エディタの全ての機能が知りたがり，その一部しか使わない
つまり， 「習わなければ使えない」ということ．それから「使わないコマンドまで覚えようとしない」こと．
Vim を使った効率的なテキスト編 集
ユーザーマニュアル大事．
: help user- manual
Open Source は基本的に楽しい ．
私自身も Open Source をエンジョイしているし，これはみんな同じはず．
問題は，金を稼がなければいけないという事実．
Open Source は，どうやってビジネスに繋げるかが非常に難しい．
もちろん不可能だとは言わないが，難しい．
Open にしたいのは山々だが，様々なしがらみから Closed にしているコードもあるはず ．
何をフリーにして，何をしないか，というグレーゾーンはいつも難しい．
実は Google にも同じ問題がある ．
多くの Google 社員は，コードをオープンにしたいと思ってるんだ．
… とまあこんなところ．質疑応答の部分は割愛するが，基本的な質問から，「あなたの .vimrc を見せて下さい」との質問に
Moolenaar 氏が「ヤダ」と答える場面までいろいろあった中で，1つ興味深かったのは「
Open Source と Closed Source についてどう考えるか ?」という質問．Moolenaar 氏の回答は，
というものだった ．
【2007/02/28 追記】
多くの方にブクマして頂いているようなので，ちょっとだけ補足．
Vim に詳しい方は，内容を見て 「 意外と普通のこと言ってるな…」と思ったかもしれない．確かに tips の 1つ1つは，びっくりするような内容ではない．
オーディエンスが全員コアな vimmer とは限らないので，ある程度無難なところを選んだというのもあるだろうが，それよりこのプレゼンは「 vim の便利な使い方 」ではなく，あくまでも「
効率的なテキスト編集の7つの習慣」ということ．
つまり，他のエディタ使用者も含めて ，" what " よりも " how " の部分，考え方やアプローチについて言及したかったのではないかと思う．
具体的には Step 2 で 示しているような， 「 人に聞いてみる 」 とか「 ML を検索してみる」といったアプローチ，そして各
Step 3 の考え方，特に Habit 7 の 「刃を研ぎすませよう」というのがこの日の彼の一番のメッセージだと個人的には受け止めた．
まあ Habit 4 のところで Step 3を資料に入れ忘れて， 「おっと，そこはキミらで考えといてくれたまえよ」とか言ってたぐらいだから，そこまでの思惑があったかどうかは分からないが…
I paid extra on my pet cc , dh and ds worked a small amount of overtime , I did a very good mystery shop and dh and I used a $ 1 coupon to get into the fair ( total of $ 2 for the 2 of us )
We walked around enough to realize we need a lot more exercise in our life before we make another trip to Walt Disney World .
That lead us to a weekend of family meetings and discussions that are all financially based .
1. where we stand , what is the plan on handling the last five steps considering ds is already out of college and we ’ve been putting back for retirement all along due to our age .
So do we do a big push on the mortgages as soon as we finish the cc ?
Do we build a 6 month ffef and if so how much ?
Because right now we ’d still have the two mortgages + one 1000 $ loan but once they are gone Spring 17 at the absolute latest because that is when they will run out even if we do n’t pay any extra .
We want to start traveling again , but that can get expensive so do stall and maybe have a health issue and not get to travel by the time all the baby steps are complete ?
Or do we travel occasionally now and piddle along with the ffef and the mortgages ?
What about all the repairs we have been putting off ?
Also some equipment replacement we need to do ?
Wealth building ?
a.Tentative decision — still up for readjustment and you ’ll see why in a bit .
We ’re going to complete baby step # 2 and then revamp the budget to include the following sinking funds : 1 ) travel — when it has sufficient in it , we travel — after our big celebration trip , we are already budgeting for it .
2 ) repairs / replace — save for these things a certain portion of our income each month and then do them as we have the cash 3 ) ffef — instead of going whole hog into it we will b putting a major chunk back until we reach the amount that we ’d need for 6 months without the mortgages .
All other snowball and extra gazelle money will go against the mortgages .
We have n’t decided in which order we ’ll do them yet because the first mortgage has a shorter term to run , lower interest rate and a lower balance at this point .
However , when it ’s paid off we will still need to allow for taxes and insurance each month .
The second mortgage payment is roughly $ 80 lower a month , but has a 3 % higher rate , a balance of $ 10,000 higher , will die a natural death about 5 months after the mortgage if we do n’t pay extra on it in 2017 and once it was paid off all of it could go on the other mortgage .
So that is still up for future discussion .
2. Gardening : working out details for year round gardening to cut the food bill , BUT depending on how we follow through on the other discussions we had this may be just a thought that will be abanadoned — see below .
Cold frames / hot boxes for winter gardening were heavily discussed and materials tracked down that we already had may make them a reality very soon .
3.Retirement :
All three of us want dh to retire asap .
Technically he could by mid-summer but it would be snug if we still had the two mortgages — part of the tentative decision above .
Also his 401K wo n’t be fully vested until August 2015 , so math will be required to see how much
It would cost us in the long run if he retired next summer .
We also are trying to figure out just how we are going to handle retirement where the ranch and such are concerned .
We still have roughly 100 animals of mixed types and decisions would need to be made about our “ babies . ”
I do n’t see us willingly letting any of them go .
So that could work against what we ’d ideally like to do .
a.Tentative decision — right now we plan on him working through Feb 2016 when he will be fully vested , but like I said we need to run some numbers .
There might also be some “ deals ” he can work out with his employer who often has slow times then peak times , so it could be he could go on a “ part time ” deal to maintain his vesting and only work when they really need him .
That could get VERY complicated , but it is an option .
Ds and I think healthwise dh needs to retire immediately .
Financially we ’d be in a bind , but we ’ve survived worse .
Then there is another factor I ’ll mention in a bit .
4.Celebration trip :
When and of course the where is WDW .
How we want to do it , where we want to stop along the way etc .
a.Decision — we booked the trip months ago for a date I am certain we will be in a good financial state to take it — to be announced at a later date — bad guys read these posts too .
NSA save yourself some time , just hack my email and check my reservations .
The big tentative part of the decision is whether or not ds is traveling both ways with us OR if he will fly home and dh will be retired and he and I will hit the road as a retired couple for several months once we leave WDW .
More on this in a bit .
5.Ds ’ living quarters :
He needs a life of his own , outside of what Mom and Dad are doing .
He ’s tried working on a little house numerous times , but life has got in the way more times than we cared to discuss .
He ’s once again looking at building , or maybe setting a portable building — wood or metal on top of a foundation he ’s paid someone to put in and then the three of us work on converting it into living quarters for him about ¼ mile from the main house .
To do that instead of building it as he has the cash would require financing and since he does n’t legally own the land it would be setting on he could n’t get a construction loan or mortgage .
We ca n’t deed it over to him until the mortgages are paid off according to our loan papers .
So he ’s researching his lending options since of course he does n’t have a credit score and he still owes a chunk to Sallie Mae .
He ’s wanting to get on with his life and start dating again — suggestions on where he could meet nice girls in their 30’s ?
He ’s nearly38 and feels he needs to get moving with his life before it ’s “ too late ” .
a.Tentative decisions — Like I said he ’s going to check financing , but we are also looking at another couple of possibilities — this is the other factors I mentioned above we ’re considering .
Dh retire after we finish babystep # 2 and get the ffef complete , possibly working out a deal with his employer for peak time work to still get fully vested .
–a long shot , but there is still math to play with at that point .
Instead of building ds starts paying on our mortgages the amount he was going to put back for a house .
He takes over all the utilities – which he pays most of them already — and we hit the road for 9 months or so a year as soon as baby step # 2 is finished .
Before we leave we put a concrete pad and electrical hook - up down at his property with a carport that the fifth wheel will fit under and when we are in the area we would stay down there with the main house being his .
We would pay the utilities on that area .
We would continue to put money back into a “ building fund ” as we traveled and then when it became obvious we needed to quit traveling we ’d stay in the fifth wheel on the property until a small place was built for the two of us .
Ds would have the big house , and the responsibilities of the animals .
OR we do basically the same scenario , but we pay off the mortgages and do our already planned deeding property over to him , he builds and then when we leave in 2015 - 16 he moves in the big house and we stay in the little house when we get in this area .
BTW any way we go we will eventually probably have to move out of the big house because it is multi- level and there are already days I have trouble with all the stairs .
This is a follow - up from the last entry I made .
I decided to actually sit down and reason about this idempotence optimization I dreamed up for Haskell .
So , building on the same example , here ’s the new “ optimized ” version , which does n’t recreate objects if they ’re the same :
data Expr a b = Immediate a | Var b | Add ( Expr a b ) ( Expr a b )
subst _ e@( Immediate _ ) = ( True , e )
subst ( v , e ) e1@( Var w )
| v == w = ( False , e )
| otherwise = ( True , e1 )
subst ve e@( Add e1 e2 )
| v1 && v2 = ( True , e )
| otherwise = ( False , Add e1 ' e 2 ' )
where
( v1 , e1 ' ) = subst ve e1
( v2 , e2 ' ) = subst ve e2
The boolean we ’re passing along carries the semantics of “ is idempotent ” .
The “ unoptimized ” version is exactly the same except that in the third ( “ Add “ ) case of subst , we do n’t have any guards , or any checks for idempotence .
I generated some random data to play with , profiled the “ fast ” and “ slow ” code , and the results were actually quite dramatic .
This was running on my 1.6GHz G5 , compiled with GHC 6.4 with - prof - auto - all - O .
The results are given in the number of seconds it took to do a substitution transformation on the expression tree , where roughly 5 % of the tree ’s nodes were variables to be substituted .
Consequently , shorter bars are better .
I should say the “ depth ” in this case is the maximum depth of the expression tree .
The tree is n’t particularly complete or symmetrical in any meaningful way .
The number of memory allocations was similarly reduced .
It seems to be something worth investigating , anyway .
Maybe I ’m overselling how often this sort of optimization would come up .
HOW -TO GUIDE Careers Tips from The Wall Street Journal 's reporters and columnists .
“ Nearly everyone in this administration is under indictment or suspicion , nearly every person , from Karl Rove , to Rumsfeld , to Gonzales .
What do you have to do to get impeached in this country ?
What do you have to do ? ” – Rosie O’Donnell on “ The View ” March 29th , 2007
[ Editor ’s Note :
There have been over 1,400 Diggs in the first day and a half of this thread being posted , yet Reddit rating was stuck at zero for a full day - just now released .
It might be hackers , it might be Reddit itself , but someone is frightened by the “ I ” word .
They should be frightened .
America is waking up and she is mighty ticked off . ]
I do n't know who did these or where they came from , they just arrived in my e-mail inbox .
But it 's amazing what people did with just one piece of paper .
If any of you know who made these , leave a comment with their contact info , please .
I want to send them medals for putting the rest of the paper art world to shame .
by OLIVER STALLWOOD , Metro
Last updated at 08:33 09 May 2006
A programmer has told how he almost died after developing deep vein thrombosis after sitting at his desk for just a few hours .
Chris Simmons fell unconscious and began coughing up blood after a clot moved from his leg to his lungs .
The 41 - year - old had developed a pulmonary embolism at the end of a normal eight - hour day .
" I could n't move .
It was the worst pain I have ever felt in my life , " he said .
His case has prompted new warnings to office workers about the dangers of embolisms , believed to kill up to 60,000 people a year .
Freelance programmer Mr Simmons said he collapsed while working at his home in Whitchurch , Bristol .
He said : " I had my head on the keyboard .
I could n't move for an hour as the pain was so bad . "
His partner discovered him after an hour and the clot was found a few days later when he began coughing up blood .
Doctors told him he would have died if the clot on his lungs had moved to his brain .
Mr Simmons said : " I was sporty at school but , after I got interested in computers , I 've spent all my working life at my desk - about eight or nine hours a day .
Now , I get up from the computer more often . "
His case highlights the growing danger of ' e - thrombosis ' among young people , said the charity Lifeblood .
It said not only were people spending longer sitting at their desks at work but they were also leading more sedentary lifestyles at home .
Medical director Dr Beverley
Hunt said : " Sitting for very long periods in an office has never been considered a risk before but immobility is a key factor in causing thrombosis . "
The prestigious Council on Foreign Relations is about to get a jolt of sex appeal .
The exclusive , Manhattan - based foreign - policy group has decided to admit actress Angelina Jolie , a U.N. goodwill ambassador who has taken more than 30 trips worldwide to advocate for refugees , AIDS orphans and disaster victims .
On Friday night , the council ’s membership accepted Jolie ’s nomination – meaning she will soon be rubbing elbows with other club members such as Dick Cheney , Condoleezza Rice , Henry Kissinger , Colin Powell and Alan Greenspan .
The group requires no academic credentials but looks for members who take part in world affairs .
Many current members call Jolie qualified and support her induction .
“ Bring her on , ” said Dr. Gordon Adams , an international - affairs professor .
“ The idea of having Henry Kissinger and Angelina Jolie in the same organization is dazzling . ”
Member Carol Adelman , former head of U.S. foreign - aid programs , said , “ It ’s not like Paris Hilton is being nominated . ”
angela.montefinise@nypost.com
In the mid-1990s , a team of American science students took on the might of the Las Vegas casinos , and came home with millions of dollars .
Hardworking engineering students during the week , they became high - rolling gamblers by the weekend and proved that , in one game at least , the house does n't always win .
The game was blackjack , and the students were from the world - renowned Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
Their audacious winnings marked the climax of an arms race between casino and player that began 40 years earlier with maths professor Edward Thorp .
He realised that the one feature of blackjack that made it different from other casino games also made it possible to beat .
In most gambling games - roulette , dice , slot machines , the lottery - events in the past do not determine the future .
The odds are the same on every roll of the dice or spin of the wheel .
Winning streaks or losing streaks may occur , but they are only one possible result from the set of all possible outcomes .
A fair coin that has shown heads ten times , still only has a 50 % chance of showing heads on the next flip .
Casinos and bookmakers make certain that the odds are always stacked slightly in their favour .
In other words , over time , the house will always win .
Changing odds
Thorp realised that because of the unique way blackjack was played , the odds were not always the same in every round .
After each hand is played , the used cards are put to one side , and not shuffled back into the deck .
They are effectively removed from the pool of available cards in the next round .
So in any given hand , the odds of getting an ace will decrease if an ace has been played in previous rounds .
Aces are beneficial to the player , so having a smaller proportion of aces in the deck shifts the odds further in favour of the house .
Previous gamblers had realised this fact , but no one had the insight to come up with a practical system to take advantage of this phenomenon .
The basic rules of blackjack are simple .
To win a round , the player has to draw cards to beat the dealer 's total and not exceed a total of 21 .
The dealer must draw cards until a total of 17 or greater is reached .
Thorp calculated that as the game continued and cards were removed after each round , if the remaining deck became richer than average in certain types of cards , it became advantageous to the player .
Although the winning margin is still subject to the luck of the draw , this meant that using perfect strategy , with a large bankroll and playing enough hands , the player was more than likely to come out on top .
A player would start off each deck playing minimal stakes .
Then by keeping track of the cards leaving the deck , they would determine a point when the odds switched in their favour and lay down larger and larger bets as the deck became more and more favourable .
Playing perfect basic strategy without card counting , the player 's average expectation is between - 0.6 % and 0 % .
Using perfect high - low card counting and playing perfect strategy , the player 's average expectation is between +0.4 and +1.14 % .
So a £ 100 bet will yield on average £ 101.14 in return , playing a single deck game .
Testing the system
Thorp announced his strategy at the American Mathematical Society in 1960 and news quickly spread .
He was approached by the mysterious ' Mr X ' , a gambler and businessman with strong links to the underworld , who was eager to see whether his strategy could make real money .
Mr X put up $ 10,000 to test the system .
Unaware of Mr X's mobster links ,
Thorp agreed , and playing according to his strategy in Reno casinos , managed to more than double his bankroll in two days of play !
In 1962 , Thorp published Beat the Dealer - A Winning Strategy for the Game of Twenty One .
Immediately casinos in Nevada were inundated with wannabe card counters , eager to make a quick buck .
Four years later , the second edition outlined the new high - low count , a system with just as much power but easier to use .
The casinos , terrified of losing money , decided to change the rules to make life harder for the card counters .
They increased the number of decks , they shuffled more often and at one point even changed the winning payoffs .
Dealers and pit bosses learned how to spot card counters , and asked anyone suspected of counting to play another game or leave the casino .
Life for card counters became increasingly tough , and the counting systems became more complicated in order to try and keep up a marginal edge over the casinos .
Card counting became a hazardous and unprofitable occupation .
In 1971 , Keith Taft , an electronics engineer from California , was frustrated at his low winnings from counting .
He decided to develop a portable computer that could count cards for him .
With his son Marty , he built ' George ' , probably the world 's first portable computer , specifically to count cards at blackjack .
The player tapped in the value of each card played using their toes , and the computer would buzz back the amount to bet and whether to stick or twist each round .
The computer was able to calculate precisely the advantage or disadvantage each card gave to the player , and thus accurately predict the optimum playing strategy .
The Tafts ' computer allowed them to move back to the winning margins that Thorp had enjoyed 10 years earlier .
Keen to capitalise on their success , the father and son team set up a home workshop to design and build new computers , which they sold for $ 10,000 apiece .
But it did n't take long for the casinos to catch up with the Tafts .
In May 1977 , after a long winning streak , Marty Taft was escorted into the backroom of a Nevada casino .
Security guards forcibly searched him , found his computer , and sent it away to the FBI .
Soon after the law was changed to ban all computing devices in casinos .
Raising the stakes
In the early 1990s , however , a new breed of counters emerged .
They had a greater level of resources , training and attention to detail than the casinos had ever encountered .
Semyon Dukach , Katie Lilienkamp and Andy Bloch were all studying at MIT when they heard of card counting as a way to make extra money .
MIT had a history of card counting .
Indeed , Ed Thorp himself had developed the original system whilst at MIT , using one of the most powerful computers in the world at that time .
MIT counters played in teams , usually of three or more .
Each individual was given a specific role .
Some would simply watch tables , and wait for favourable situations to appear ( the ' spotters ' ) .
They would call in the expert strategist ( the ' controller ' ) who would fine - tune exactly when was the optimum moment to play , and how much to bet according to the cards being played .
The controller would secretly signal to a ' big player ' who would then join a table and place a massive bet at exactly the right moment .
The key was that by only betting when the odds were well in the big player 's favour , the big player could maximise potential profit , and also avoid being spotted as a counter .
By watching a number of tables at any time , the team could select only those with the greatest promise of a good return .
The big player simply looked like a rich , arrogant young gambler who got lucky on a single bet .
The MIT players went to great lengths to conceal both their own identities and their team play .
They would work relentlessly to exploit any edge they could find - inexperienced dealers , poor shuffling or lax security .
They also recorded exactly how much profit they managed to make from each situation , and honed their skills to be incredibly close to optimum play .
The trio played blackjack all over the world on and off throughout most of the 1990s , making money wherever they played .
Their exploits only came to an end when Griffin Investigations , a private agency hired by casinos , identified the members of the MIT teams after months of surveillance .
From that point on a team player even entering a casino would be swiftly ejected .
Card counting still occurs wherever blackjack is played , though as casino technology advances it becomes harder and harder to make anything but a small profit .
Facial recognition technology , computerised blackjack tables and rule changes are slowly eating away at the small advantage possible through counting .
But the lure of easy money makes it unlikely the casinos have seen the last of the counters .
For 40 years they have found ways to make profit , and their ingenuity is bound to succeed again .
Back to top Back to the Horizon homepage
Are these people insane ?
The Army fired the head of Walter Reed today , and the new guy who 's taking over until they can hire a permanent replacement is Kevin Kiley , the same guy who reportedly let a soldier sleep in his own urine , and refused to lift a finger when he was notified by the wife of a GOP congressman who had witnessed the horrifying scene .
This is a guy who only one week ago implied that the problems at Walter Reed were nothing more than a pack of lies .
So he 's the guy now in charge of fixing the non-existent problems .
Per last week 's Washington Post :
The Army 's surgeon general yesterday criticized stories in The Washington Post disclosing problems at Walter Reed Army Medical Center , saying the series unfairly characterized the living conditions and care for soldiers recuperating from wounds at the hospital 's facilities .
" I 'm not sure it was an accurate representation , " Lt. Gen. Kevin C. Kiley , chief of the Army Medical Command , told reporters during a news conference .
" It was a one - sided representation . "
Weightman will be replaced temporarily by the head of U.S. Army Medical Command , Lt. Gen. Kevin Kiley , until a general is selected , the Army said in a statement .
Kiley , who has previously overseen the hospital , has also been criticized for failing to act on previous reports of serious problems at Walter Reed .
In 2004 , Rep. C.W. Bill Young ( R - Fla . ) and his wife stopped visiting the wounded at Walter Reed out of frustration .
Young said he voiced concerns to commanders over troubling incidents he witnessed but was rebuffed or ignored .
" When Bev or I would bring problems to the attention of authorities of Walter Reed , we were made to feel very uncomfortable , " said Young , who began visiting the wounded recuperating at other facilities .
Beverly Young said she complained to Kiley several times .
She once visited a soldier who was lying in urine on his mattress pad in the hospital .
When a nurse ignored her , Young said , " I went flying down to Kevin Kiley 's office again , and got nowhere .
He has skirted this stuff for five years and blamed everyone else . "
These people have no shame .
How DARE they put someone in charge of Walter Reed , even temporarily , who let an injured American soldier from Iraq sleep in his own urine ?!
Someone who only days ago tried to deny the problem even existed ?
Here is the guy who is taking over until a permanent replacement can be found , per ABC And here is what the Washington Post had to say about Mr. Kiley earlier today :
There need to be calls for this man 's removal NOW .
Hubble Images Reveal Dark Energy Existed in Infant Universe
NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope
Photo by Space Science Telescope Institute By Lisa De Nike
Homewood Using NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope , researchers have discovered that dark energy , a mysterious repulsive force that makes the universe expand at an ever - faster rate , is not new but rather has been present for most of the universe 's 13 - billion - year history .
A team led by Adam Riess , a professor in the Henry A. Rowland Department of Physics and Astronomy at Johns Hopkins and a Space Telescope Institute researcher , found that dark energy was already accelerating the expansion of the universe at least as long as 9 billion years ago .
This picture of dark energy would be consistent with Albert Einstein 's prediction , nearly a century ago , that a repulsive form of gravity emanates from empty space .
The team announced these findings in a media teleconference at NASA headquarters in Washington on Thursday , Nov. 6 , and the findings will be published in the Feb. 10 issue of Astrophysical Journal .
" Although dark energy accounts for more than 70 percent of the energy of the universe , we know very little about it , so each clue is precious , " said Riess , who in 1998 led one of the first studies to reveal the presence of dark energy .
" Our latest clue is that the stuff we call dark energy was present as long as 9 billion years ago , when it was starting to make its presence felt . "
Hubble 's new evidence is important because it will help astrophysicists start ruling out competing explanations that predict that the strength of dark energy changes over time , Riess said .
In addition , the researchers found that the exploding stars , or supernovae , used as markers to measure the expansion of space today look remarkably similar to those that exploded 9 billion years ago and are just now seen by Hubble .
This is an important finding , researchers say , because it gives added credibility to the use of these supernovae as tools for tracking the cosmic expansion over most of the universe 's lifetime .
To study the behavior of dark energy long ago , Hubble had to peer far across the universe and back into time to detect ancient supernovae , which can be used to trace the universe 's expansion and determine its expansion rate at various times .
The method , Riess said , is analogous to watching fireflies on a summer night .
Because all fireflies glow with about the same brightness , you can judge how they are distributed throughout the backyard by their comparative apparent faintness or brightness , which depends on their distance from you .
Only Hubble can measure these supernovae because they are too distant , and therefore too faint , to be studied by the largest ground - based telescopes .
Albert Einstein first conceived of the notion of a repulsive force in space in his attempt to explain the balance of the universe against the inward pull of its own gravity .
If such an opposing force did not exist , he reasoned , gravity would ultimately cause the universe to implode .
But Einstein eventually rejected his own so - called " cosmological constant " idea , and it remained a curious hypothesis until 1998 , when Riess and the members of the High - Z Supernova Team and the Supernova Cosmology Project used ground - based telescopes and Hubble to first detect the acceleration of the expansion of space from observations of distant supernovae .
Astrophysicists came to the realization that Einstein may have been right after all , that there really was a repulsive form of gravity in space .
It soon after was dubbed " dark energy . "
Over the past eight years , astrophysicists have been trying to uncover two of dark energy 's most fundamental properties : its strength and its permanence .
The new observations reveal that dark energy was present and obstructing the gravitational pull of the matter in the universe even before it began to win this cosmic " tug of war . "
Hubble observations of the most distant supernovae known , reported in 2004 by Riess and colleagues , revealed that the early universe was dominated by matter whose gravity was slowing down the universe 's expansion rate , like a ball rolling up a slight incline .
The observations also confirmed that the expansion rate of the cosmos began speeding up about 5 billion to 6 billion years ago , like a roller coaster zooming down a track .
That is when astronomers believe that dark energy 's repulsive force overtook gravity 's attractive grip .
The latest results are based on an analysis of the 24 most distant supernovae known , most found within the last two years .
By measuring the universe 's relative size over time , astrophysicists have tracked the universe 's growth spurts , much as a parent may witness the growth spurts of a child by tracking changes in height on a doorframe .
Distant supernovae provide the doorframe markings read by Hubble .
" After we subtract the gravity from the known matter in the universe , we can see the dark energy pushing to get out , " said Lou Strolger of the University of Western Kentucky , a supernova hunter on the Riess team .
Further observations presently under way with Hubble by Riess and his team should continue to offer new clues to the nature of dark energy .
GO TO NOVEMBER 27 , 2006 TABLE OF CONTENTS .
GO TO THE GAZETTE FRONT PAGE .
It is appropriate that a person from Australia , home of the kangaroo , should be the first one dragged before the kangaroo court at the U.S. Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay .
David Hicks , imprisoned there for more than five years , pleaded guilty Monday to providing material support for terrorism .
The case of Hicks offers us a glimpse into the Kafkaesque netherworld of detentions , kidnappings , torture and show trials that is now , internationally , the shameful signature of the Bush administration .
Hicks ’ passage through this sham process affords us all an opportunity to demand the closure of Guantanamo and an end to these heinous policies .
Conditions may soon exist to shutter the prison , with George Bush ’s lame - duck status , the Democratic takeover of Congress , the possible departure of Guantanamo ’s archdefender and architect , Attorney General Alberto Gonzales , and , if recent reports are true , a desire to close the prison on the part of Secretary of Defense Robert Gates and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice .
These bogus military commission trials amplify global contempt for the Guantanamo prison .
The Pentagon claims that Hicks was in Afghanistan fighting against the U.S. , then was apprehended by the Northern Alliance in late 2001 while fleeing to Pakistan .
After transfer to U.S. military control , he was moved around various detention facilities and , he says , brutally beaten and sodomized .
By January 2002 , he was in Guantanamo .
He was subjected to repeated interrogations .
He witnessed other prisoners being beaten and terrorized with dogs .
He was at times kept in total darkness , at times in continual bright light ( he has grown his hair to chest length so he can cover his eyes to allow him to sleep ) .
He had no access to a lawyer for more than a year or knowledge of the charges against him .
Others , those lucky enough to have lawyers or to have actually gotten out , tell similar tales of continual cold , of desecration of the Quran and of sexual humiliation designed specifically to torture Muslim men .
During his five years of detention , people fought for Hicks .
His father , Terry Hicks , traveled to the U.S.
He donned an orange jumpsuit , like his son was forced to wear , and stood in a 6 - foot - by - 8 - foot cage on Broadway in New York while fielding questions from the press .
Even the U.S. Supreme Court , the body that appointed Bush president in 2000 , agreed that the prisoners must have some access to the habeas corpus , the right to challenge one ’s imprisonment .
This central tenet of Western law , established in the Magna Carta in 1215 , has been thrown out the window , along with the Geneva Conventions , by Bush , Dick Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld , Gonzales and others .
Guantanamo has sparked one of the United States ’ major growth industries : protesting against Guantanamo .
From campuses to churches , the anger has driven regular citizens to action .
Cindy Sheehan and members of The Catholic Worker Movement actually went to Cuba and marched overland to Guantanamo to challenge the illegitimate prison and its jailers in person .
Even in Hicks ’ brief moment in the controversial “ trial , ” the government did what it could to strip him of what few rights they claim he has .
The presiding military judge , Marine Col .
Ralph Kohlmann , dismissed his civilian lawyer , Joshua Dratel , and a Navy reservist attorney , Rebecca Snyder , who was assisting Hicks ’ government - appointed attorney .
Hicks was stunned , and at first refused to plead .
Hours later , after the trial was reconvened , he pled guilty to his one remaining charge .
Having no hope for a fair trial , he reportedly believed that pleading guilty would allow him to serve his sentence in Australia — his only hope of escaping Guantanamo .
There are still more than 380 prisoners at Guantanamo .
Almost none has been charged .
Those ultimately charged with murder could be sentenced to death by the military commission .
The decider of the death penalty after appeals are exhausted is none other than George Bush , who , as governor of Texas , oversaw the most active death chamber in the United States .
Back then his lawyer was Alberto Gonzales .
The U.S. attorney scandal is threatening to take down Gonzales .
But it is his condoning of torture from Guantanamo to Abu Ghraib that should seal his fate .
The grim Guantanamo experiment is reaching its climax .
The house of cards that has been erected to support this immoral , criminal enterprise is poised to collapse .
Call , shout , sit down , march , donate , write , protest … demand that Guantanamo be closed .
Amy Goodman is the host of “ Democracy Now ! , ” a daily international TV / radio news hour airing on 500 stations in North America .
Catering to a Lebanese Cliché World Press Photo Mix -Up
The World Press Photo of the Year 2006 shows upscale young Lebanese men and women visiting a bombed - out Beirut neighborhood like disaster tourists -- or at least that 's what everyone thought .
Bissan Maroun , one of those featured in the photograph , told SPIEGEL ONLINE the true story .
Welcome to Djangosnippets.org , a site for users of the Django web framework to come together and share useful " snippets " of reusable code .
If you 're just here to browse , you can look through snippets organized by author , by language or by tag .
You can also have a look at the top-rated snippets and the most - bookmarked snippets .
If you 'd like to contribute , sign up for a free account and you 'll be able to post snippets of your own , rate and bookmark snippets , and post comments .
If you 've got any questions , have a look at our FAQ .
Feed of latest snippets
Find documentation for popular open source apps
Apple has announced record results for its first quarter 2007 , which ended 30 December 2006 .
Revenue reached $ 7.1 billion and net quarterly profit hit $ 1.0 billion , or $ 1.14 per diluted share .
These results compare to revenue of $ 5.7 billion and net quarterly profit of $ 565 million , or $ .65 per diluted share , in the year - ago quarter .
Gross margins climbed to 31.2 per cent , up from 27.2 per cent in the year - ago quarter .
International sales accounted for 42 per cent of the quarter ’s revenue .
Apple shipped 1,606,000 Macs and an analyst - estimate - beating 21,066,000 iPods during the quarter , representing 28 per cent growth in Macs and 50 per cent growth in iPods when compared to last year 's equivalent ( and record - breaking ) quarter .
“ We are incredibly pleased to report record quarterly revenue of over $ 7 billion and record earnings of $ 1 billion , ” said Apple CEO Steve Jobs .
“ We ’ve just kicked off what is going to be a very strong new product year for Apple by launching Apple TV and the revolutionary iPhone . ”
Cash reserves grew , too .
“ We generated over $ 1.75 billion in cash during the quarter to end with $ 11.9 billion , ” said Peter Oppenheimer , Apple ’s chief financial officer ( CFO ) .
Oppenheimer offered a conservative target for Apple 's second quarter ( the current quarter ) .
" We expect revenue of $ 4.8 to $ 4.9 billion and earnings per diluted share of $.54 to $.56 , " he explained .
The financial results conference call is available now for playback in QuickTime format .
Here we go , I finally think that this version is ready for release – I had planned to launch this on June 1st – glad I did n’t make that known to anyone at the time .
I have been hard at work making changes , the big new additions are out of the box support for Lyrics ( I finally caved on this one – the component used is included in the package ) , full transparency support , library filter support and the Theme and Background selectors .
All component and font requirements are listed when you first open the configuration , an installation display will show what you do not have installed and shall provide a click - able link to download it .
FofR V0.9 needs PanelsUI Version 13.7 +
Version 0.9
Menu Buttons : Buttons Now Consistent across all tabs , “ Song Info ” button removed , just click the text area on the
Now Playing section instead to close / hide the box .
This is much faster and easier .
Menu Buttons : Full Mode button now increases fb2 k window size to a minimum of 800 pixels ( if it ’s currently smaller than that in tabbed mode ) when Full Mode selected to allow correct display .
Menu Buttons :
Cog now opens menu but defaults to the “ controls ” section with seekbar , search , etc .
Now Playing : Artist Images now show in Full Mode
Now Playing : New Image Toolbar that appears on roll over with image options ( hide / show artist image , switch to scaled cover art , hide / show text , scale top margin , hide / show spectrum , hide / show progress bar , hide / show quick playlist )
Now Playing : Added Next and Previous buttons to left and right of album art ( appear on hover )
Now Playing : Added Option to add / remove a gloss on the cover art
Now Playing : New Quick SCPL
Playlist using transparency in PanelsUI v0.13 , with optional side image showing a preview of selected track ’s cover art .
Now Playing : Improved the Progress Bar , now also displays track length , year and genre .
Now Playing : Added Buttons to do Google Video , Google , Last.fm and Wikipedia quick searches of Artist
Mini Now Playing : Fixed some display bugs
Spectrum : Fixed resize bug that placed Spectrum in wrong place
Menu : Removed Menu Toolbar as now available as button , also caused problems with VS clashes .
Full Mode : Added Borders ( optional ) , tidied it up – combined all playlist control / browsing into one tab , smarter solution .
Split popup browse and browse tab removed .
Lyrics : Added Support for Lyrics in form of new tab , code created by jclim00 , uses foo_lyricsdb.dll component , download here : http://lyrics.mirkforce.net/download.html or use packaged version
Global Background : Added support for a global background image , using transparency of Track Display , SCPL and Library Filter .
Theme Selector : New Theme Selector Tab , Theme IDs and Theme Names
Themes : 2 new themes , Graphite - Blue and Silver - Blue
Background Selector : Choose your global background , enable / disable , support for unlimited number of images .
Put new backgrounds in the backgrounds directory following the naming structure ( e.g. 1.jpg , 2.jpg , … )
Installation : On Installation diagnostics will check which components / fonts / images are installed / located and if not will give download links or highlight the problem .
Can be re-opened by clicking the diagnostics link in the menu .
Sort Panel : Re-arranged to include a Presets menu
Known Bugs :
Transparency can show the wrong image when backgrounds / themes are changed , an fb2 k restart will fix this .
This is a PanelsUI issue .
Time for some screenshots :
Transparency and Global backgrounds are turned on by default .
The redrawing of large images and text shadows shall inevitably reduce performance .
For those wishing to optimise , turn off transparency via the background selector ( see this image for help ) .
Turning off transparency in SCPL cannot YET be automated so you need to change this manually , to do so right click the SCPL , select Settings then at the bottom click the “ Transparent Background ” checkbox .
This will improve your scroll speeds , do n’t forget to re-enable it if you switch back .
Here ’s an image showing the box .
Update : Version 0.9.1 :
Fixed ‘ square ’ issue
Adjusted requirements on installation to include Wingdings 3 font .
For troubleshooting check the guide :
FofR Configuration Guide ( now updated for Version 0.9 )
More pictures after the break Read the rest of this entry »
Posted in Configurations , FofR | 157 Comments »
You 're Not On Your Own
As a top Denver marijuana dispensary , it is our mission to ensure our clients are the most well - informed in the state of Colorado .
Our knowledgeable team utilizes client - driven strain testing to break down the distinct properties of each strain .
Our staff spends time helping both our medical and recreational customers understand every strain 's unique effects through personal knowledge , with visual educational aids and enhanced strain titles .
See why The Stone clients are raving about our second to none selection of products .
For both our medical and recreational customers , our team stands ready to assist you for as long as needed .
We offer an experience where patients can browse detailed information at a leisurely , individual pace if they desire while always supported by a professional , knowledgeable staff .
LOS ANGELES  Wikipedia , the online encyclopedia , has been plunged into controversy after one of its most prolific contributors and editors , a professor with degrees in theology and canon law , was exposed as a 24 - year - old college dropout .
The editor , who called himself Essjay , was recruited by staff at Wikipedia to work on the site 's arbitration committee , a team of expert administrators charged with vetting content on the " free encyclopedia that anyone can edit . "
But no one apparently vetted the credentials of Essjay , who claimed to be a professor of religion at a private university and contributed to an estimated 20,000 Wikipedia entries .
Essjay was Ryan Jordan , a 24 - year - old from Kentucky with no advanced degrees who used texts such as " Catholicism for Dummies " to help him correct articles on the penitential rite or transubstantiation .
He was unmasked after the New Yorker magazine referred to Essjay 's contributions to the site and how he would spend up to 14 hours a day editing , " correcting errors , and removing obscenities . "
The piece described him as a " professor of religion with a Ph.D. in theology and a degree in canon law " and noted he was serving his " second term as chair of the mediation committee , " which rules on disputes over information posted on the site .
But last week , Essjay was forced to resign after a critic of the online encyclopedia told the New Yorker his biographical information was fake .
" He holds no advanced degrees , " the magazine stated .
" At the time of publication , neither we nor Wikipedia knew Essjay 's real name . "
Essjay had told them he hid his identity because " he feared retribution from those he had ruled against online . "
In a statement on Wikipedia , Jimmy Wales , the Web site 's cofounder , said he had asked Essjay to " resign immediately . "
I recently had the opportunity to travel through Europe in search of the reality behind some famous ancient legends .
I was part of a team of investigators for a TV show called " Legend Detectives , " which subsequently aired in December 2005 by Discovery Channel Europe .
I was particularly interested in the legend that was scheduled for May : Count Dracula , the world 's most famous vampire .
Such is the enduring power of Bram Stoker 's classic horror story , first published in 1897 and never out of print , that modern - day Transylvania in Northern Romania has become a tourist Mecca .
Fans of the fictional count flock there by the coachload persuaded that in the land of mist - shrouded mountains , they will find clues to the source of the greatest vampire of them all : the Transylvanian nobleman who left his remote homeland to spread his evil plague .
For the true believer , the boundaries between Stoker 's creation and historical fact have become blurred , like all great legends .
Many people believe that the immortal count was based on a real person : a medieval Romanian warlord called Vlad Tepes , also know as " Vlad the Impaler " and " Vlad Dracula . "
Was this famous national hero the man behind the legend ?
That was the first question we were going to investigate during our stay in Transylvania ( I am of course referring to our TV investigation , for this and other questions have already been dealt with and answered by some good historical work done in the past by researchers such as Radu R. Florescu and Raymond T. McNally ) .
Vampire Bats Run | Recent Vampire Bat Attacks | Bats Fly By Feel , Too
Bram Stoker 's Dracula was by no means the first vampire story .
It was the culmination of a writing tradition of Gothic horror stories that had begun nearly eighty years earlier with " The Vampyre , " by John Polidori .
( Was he a relative of mine , I wonder ? )
Others followed , like " Varney the Vampire " ( 1847 ) , a serial that ran in magazines called " penny dreadfuls " for more than two years , and J. Sheridan Le Fanu 's " Carmilla " ( 1871 ) , which centered around a lesbian vampire .
But Dracula was a departure .
In Stoker 's hands , the vampire became all - powerful , the embodiment of evil - and a creature whose immortality was bound up in a rich cocktail of blood , sex , and death .
Ironically , though the novel was first published in English in 1893 , Romania 's most famous fictional resident , Count Dracula , was almost unknown there until 1992 .
Only with the fall of communism was Bram Stoker 's classic finally translated and published in Romania .
But the question remained , could Vlad Tepes have been the model for Stoker 's infamous Count ?
What is known of Vlad the Impaler comes from a series of lurid stories dating back to the late fifteenth and early sixteenth centuries .
They depict a man surrounded in corpses , a tyrant and madman , who literally drank the blood of his enemies .
There are good reasons to think that Stoker was struck by this evil character and borrowed his surname , " Dracula , " because he thought it meant " son of the devil , " to create his own vampire .
In fact , it meant " son of the dragon , " and this was because Vlad 's father had joined an order of knighthood called the Order of the Dragon .
Dragon is written dracul in Romanian , and so Dracula literally means " son of Dracul . "
But to many Romanians , Vlad is a national hero , a saviour .
They reject the tales of a psychopathic tyrant as vicious propaganda promoted by Vlad 's enemies .
They honour him as the legendary king who , like Britain 's King Arthur , will one day return to save his country .
Part of the reason for this lies in places like Sigihisoara , a town built by Germans , or better , Saxons , who had moved to Transylvania to become merchants .
They took hold of the region and did n't even let Romanians enter the town - they had to pay a toll first .
Vlad resented this and sided with the Romanians .
In his lifetime , he also fought bravely against the Turks , who had conquered parts of Europe already , and this spread panic among the Christian kings .
So Vlad was considered a crusader .
Europe , then , first knew him as a hero .
However , Vlad lost his battles and was defeated by the Turks , and his legacy was set by the victors .
There are still many pamphlets surviving , printed by the Germans soon after his death , in which his exploits are recounted in gory detail and he is portrayed as a devil - like figure .
It 's ironic that the man whose name helped inspire one of the most famous fictional horror stories of all time , written in the nineteenth century , was also the subject of some of the very first printed horror stories in the fifteenth century .
And this also shows the power of propaganda : for a brief moment , he'd been the hero of Europe ; then , after his death , his enemies destroyed his reputation .
During the reign of communist dictator Nicholae Ceausescu , Vlad Dracula was again venerated as a hero .
They portrayed him as a nationalist icon , a man who united and protected Romanians from their enemies , imperialist Turks and capitalist German merchants .
His brutal methods were either dismissed as enemy propaganda or , when they could n't be explained away , as a necessary evil .
In fact , Ceausescu was so enamoured of Vlad that he is even reported to have once said : " A man like me comes along only every 500 years . "
Top 10 Beasts and Dragons | The Wildest Dragons | Most Popular Myths
Having ascertained that the real figure of Vlad Tepes was only a loose inspiration for Stoker 's fiction , we wondered if local folklore provided the inspiration for his haunting descriptions of vampiric rituals .
Stories of vampires are , in fact , very old in Romania ; however , they prefer to call these creatures strigoi .
They are seen as ghosts , undead , immaterial things ; they are usually a recently buried member of the family , who returns to haunt his relatives and drain their life forces , sometimes in dreams .
In order to bring peace to the family and to the undead itself , some " rituals " need to be performed .
These are very secret practices that , I was surprised to learn , still continue today .
In January 2004 , one such episode became public and created a scandal .
After Petre Toma of the village of Marotinu de Sus died in a field accident in December 2003 , his relatives complained that a child 's illness was to blame on Toma , since some neighbors claimed they had seen him posthumously walking in his yard .
Something had to be done .
Six local men then volunteered to enact the ancient Romanian ritual for dealing with a strigoi .
Just before midnight , they crept into the cemetery on the edge of the village and gathered around Toma 's grave .
It seems that the destruction of a strigoi has some parallels with the methods used by Stoker 's heroes to destroy Dracula .
But rather than drive a stake through the creature 's heart , the six men dug Toma up , split his ribcage with a pitchfork , removed his heart , put stakes through the rest of his body , and sprinkled it with garlic .
Then they burned the heart , put the embers in water , and shared the grim cocktail with the sick child .
For a little while , it all seemed to have worked well .
Eventually , the sick girl got better again , so the ritual must have worked , or so many in the village thought .
Local police appeared to be less understanding .
After Toma 's daughter complained , they arrested the men and charged them with illegally exhuming the corpse .
They were sentenced to six months in jail , but did not serve the time .
What really surprised me , however , was why Toma 's daughter was angry at her relatives .
It was not because they had desecrated the body of a dead person that deserved more respect , but because she had not been invited to the ritual !
" These are very ancient practices indeed , " anthropologist Fifor Mihai , who served as a consultant during the trial , told me .
" And they are about communicating with the dead , laying the dead to rest .
The media and newspapers have made much of the gory aspects , but these people have been doing this sort of thing for many , many centuries , and in the past , the authorities have turned a blind eye . "
These beliefs are very different from those held by people who are Dracula fans ; with them , it 's all about image , the immortality , and sexiness of vampires .
But for the people in Romania , these are deeply held views , as strongly held as religious faiths .
Whether that means customs such as digging up a body and removing its heart should somehow be preserved , I 'm not so sure .
In the end , our investigation found Romania to be a country of striking contrasts and rich traditions .
We 've examined the character of Vlad Dracula , but found the evidence that Bram Stoker based his fictional vampire on him wanting .
Certainly , he used the name .
There are also some uncanny similarities , such as the use of stakes , Vlad 's bloodthirstiness , and his victories against the Turks , that suggest Stoker knew something about the real Dracula , but probably little more than what was given in the tour books of his day .
And today , so long as tourists want to go to Romania , and filmmakers want to make Dracula movies , that confusion between the real and fictional Draculas will continue , and for many Romanians , that 's not a bad thing .
Massimo Polidoro is an investigator of the paranormal , author , lecturer , and cofounder and head of CICAP , the Italian skeptics group .
His Web site is at www.massimopolidoro.com.This article appears courtesy of Skeptical Inquirer magazine .
Acknowledgments : I wish to thank Nigel Miller , Shaun Trevisick , and Alex Obradovich for their invaluable help in the research and documentation for this article , and Tessa Dunlop , Ronald Top , Peter Harvey , and Mick Duffield for being great partners in the investigation .
John Stossel 's ' Stupid in America '
Are our kids being cheated out of a good education ?
Jan. 13 , 2006  -- " Stupid in America " is a nasty title for a program about public education , but some nasty things are going on in America 's public schools and it's about time we face up to it .
Kids at New York 's Abraham Lincoln High School told me their teachers are so dull students fall asleep in class .
One student said , " You see kids all the time walking in the school smoking weed , you know .
It 's a normal thing here . "
We tried to bring " 20/20 " cameras into New York City schools to see for ourselves and show you what 's going on in the schools , but officials would n't allow it .
Washington , D.C. , officials steered us to the best classrooms in their district .
We wanted to tape typical classrooms but were turned down in state after state .
Finally , school officials in Washington , D.C. , allowed " 20/20 " to give cameras to a few students who were handpicked at two schools they 'd handpicked .
One was Woodrow Wilson High .
Newsweek says it 's one of the best schools in America .
Yet what the students taped did n't inspire confidence .
One teacher did n't have control over the kids .
Another " 20/20 " student cameraman videotaped a boy dancing wildly with his shirt off , in front of his teacher .
If you 're like most American parents , you might think " These things do n't happen at my kid 's school . "
A Gallup Poll survey showed 76 percent of Americans were completely or somewhat satisfied with their kids ' public school .
Education reformers like Kevin Chavous have a message for these parents :
If you only knew .
Even though people in the suburbs might think their schools are great , Chavous says , " They 're not .
That 's the thing and the test scores show that . "
Chavous and many other education professionals say Americans do n't know that their public schools , on the whole , just are n't that good .
Because without competition , parents do n't know what their kids might have had .
And while many people say , " We need to spend more money on our schools , " there actually is n't a link between spending and student achievement .
Jay Greene , author of " Education Myths , " points out that " If money were the solution , the problem would already be solved ...
We 've doubled per pupil spending , adjusting for inflation , over the last 30 years , and yet schools are n't better . "
He 's absolutely right .
National graduation rates and achievement scores are flat , while spending on education has increased more than 100 percent since 1971 .
More money has n't helped American kids .
Ben Chavis is a former public school principal who now runs an alternative charter school in Oakland , Calif. , that spends thousands of dollars less per student than the surrounding public schools .
He laughs at the public schools ' complaints about money .
" That is the biggest lie in America .
They waste money , " he said .
To save money , Chavis asks the students to do things like keep the grounds picked up and set up for their own lunch .
For gym class , his students often just run laps around the block .
All of this means there 's more money left over for teaching .
Even though he spends less money per student than the public schools do , Chavis pays his teachers more than what public school teachers earn .
His school also thrives because the principal gets involved .
Chavis shows up at every classroom and uses gimmicks like small cash payments for perfect attendance .
Since he took over four years ago , his school has gone from being among the worst in Oakland to being the best .
His middle school has the highest test scores in the city .
" It 's not about the money , " he said .
He 's confident that even kids who come from broken families and poor families will do well in his school .
" Give me the poor kids , and I will outperform the wealthy kids who live in the hills .
And we do it , " he said .
Monopoly Kills Innovation and Cheats Kids
Chavis 's charter school is an example of how a little innovation can create a school that can change kids ' lives .
You do n't get innovation without competition .
To give you an idea of how competitive American schools are and how U.S. students performed compared with their European counterparts , we gave parts of an international test to some high school students in Belgium and in New Jersey .
Belgian kids cleaned the American kids ' clocks , and called them " stupid . "
We did n't pick smart kids to test in Europe and dumb kids in the United States .
The American students attend an above - average school in New Jersey , and New Jersey 's kids have test scores that are above average for America .
Lov Patel , the boy who got the highest score among the American students , told me , " I 'm shocked , because it just shows how advanced they are compared to us . "
The Belgian students did n't perform better because they 're smarter than American students .
They performed better because their schools are better .
At age 10 , American students take an international test and score well above the international average .
But by age 15 , when students from 40 countries are tested , the Americans place 25th .
American schools do n't teach as well as schools in other countries because they are government monopolies , and monopolies do n't have much incentive to compete .
In Belgium , by contrast , the money is attached to the kids -- it 's a kind of voucher system .
Government funds education -- at many different kinds of schools -- but if a school can't attract students , it goes out of business .
Belgian school principal Kaat Vandensavel told us she works hard to impress parents .
She told us , " If we do n't offer them what they want for their child , they wo n't come to our school . "
She constantly improves the teaching , saying , " You can't afford 10 teachers out of 160 that do n't do their work , because the clients will know , and wo n't come to you again . "
" That 's normal in Western Europe , " Harvard economist Caroline Hoxby told me .
" If schools do n't perform well , a parent would never be trapped in that school in the same way you could be trapped in the U.S. "
Last week Florida 's Supreme Court shut down " opportunity scholarships , " Florida 's small attempt at competition .
Public money can't be spent on private schools , said the court , because the state constitution commands the funding only of " uniform . . . high - quality " schools .
Government schools are neither uniform nor high - quality , and without competition , no new teaching plan or No Child Left Behind law will get the monopoly to serve its customers well .
The longer kids stay in American schools , the worse they do in international competition .
They do worse than kids from poorer countries that spend much less money on education , ranking behind not only Belgium but also Poland , the Czech Republic and South Korea .
This should come as no surprise if you remember that public education in the United States is a government monopoly .
Do n't like your public school ?
Tough .
The school is terrible ?
Tough .
Your taxes fund that school regardless of whether it 's good or bad .
That 's why government monopolies routinely fail their customers .
Union - dominated monopolies are even worse .
In New York City , it 's " just about impossible " to fire a bad teacher , says Schools Chancellor Joel Klein .
The new union contract offers some relief , but it 's still about 200 pages of bureaucracy .
" We tolerate mediocrity , " said Klein , because " people get paid the same , whether they 're outstanding , average or way below average . "
Here 's just one example from New York City :
It took years to fire a teacher who sent sexually oriented e-mails to " Cutie 101 , " a 16 - year - old student .
Klein said , " He has n't taught , but we have had to pay him , because that 's what 's required under the contract . "
Only after six years of litigation were they able to fire him .
In the meantime , they paid the teacher more than $ 300,000 .
Klein said he employs dozens of teachers who he 's afraid to let near the kids , so he has them sit in what are called rubber rooms .
This year he will spend $ 20 million dollars to warehouse teachers in five rubber rooms .
It 's an alternative to firing them .
In the last four years , only two teachers out of 80,000 were fired for incompetence .
Klein 's office says the new contract will make it easier to get rid of sex offenders , but it will still be difficult to fire incompetent teachers .
When I confronted Randi Weingarten , president of the United Federation of Teachers , she said , " They [ the NYC school board ] just do n't want to do the work that 's entailed . "
But the " work that 's entailed " is so onerous that most principals just have just given up , or gotten bad teachers to transfer to another school .
They even have a name for it : " the dance of the lemons . "
Zoned Out of a Good Education
I talked with 18 - year - old Dorian Cain in South Carolina , who was still struggling to read a single sentence in a first - grade level book when I met him .
Although his public schools had spent nearly $ 100,000 on him over 12 years , he still could n't read .
So " 20/20 " sent Dorian to a private learning center , Sylvan , to see if teachers there could teach Dorian to read when the South Carolina public schools failed to .
Using computers and workbooks , Dorian 's reading went up two grade levels -- after just 72 hours of instruction .
His mother , Gena Cain , is thrilled with Dorian 's progress but disappointed with his public schools .
" With Sylvan , it 's a huge improvement .
And they 're doing what they 're supposed to do .
They 're on point .
But I can't say the same for the public schools , " she said .
Lying to Beat the System
Gena Cain , like most parents , does n't have a choice which public school her kids attend .
She followed the rules , and her son paid the price .
In San Jose , Calif. , some parents break the rules to get their kids into Fremont Union schools .
They 're so much better than neighboring schools that parents sometimes cheat to get their kids in by pretending to live in the school district .
" We have maybe hundreds of kids who are here illegally , under false pretenses , " said District Superintendent Steve Rowley .
Inspector John Lozano works for the district going door - to - door to check if kids really live where they say they live .
And even seeing that a child is present at a particular address is n't enough .
Lozano says he needs to look inside the house to make sure the student really lives there .
Think about what he 's doing .
The school district police send him into your daughter 's bedroom .
He even goes through drawers and closets if he has to .
At one house he found a computer and some teen magazines and pictures of a student with her friends .
He decided that student passed the residency test .
But a grandmother who listed an address in his district is caught .
The people who answered the door when Lozano visited told him she did n't live there .
Two days later , I talked with the grandmother who tried to get her grandson into the Fremont schools .
" I was actually crying .
I was crying in front of this 14 - year - old .
Why can't they just let parents to get in the school of their choice ? " she asked .
Why can't she make a choice ?
It 's sad that school officials force her to go to the black market to get her grandson a better education .
After we started calling the school , the school did decide to let him stay in the district .
School - Choice Proponents Meet Resistance
When the Sanford family moved from Charleston to Columbia , S.C. , the family had a big concern :
Where would the kids go to school ?
In most places , you must attend the public school in the zone where you live , but the middle school near the Sanford 's new home was rated below average .
It turned out , however , that this did n't pose a problem for this family , because the reason the Sanfords moved to Columbia was that Mark Sanford had been elected governor .
He and his wife were invited to send their kids to schools in better districts .
Sanford realized how unfair the system was .
" If you can buy a $ 250,000 or $ 300,000 house , you 're gonna get some great public education , " Gov. Sanford said .
Or if you have political connections .
The Sanfords decided it was unfair to take advantage of their position as " first family " and ended up sending their kids to private school .
" It 's too important to me to sacrifice their education .
I get one shot at it .
If I do n't pay very close attention to how my boys get educated then I 've lost an opportunity to make them the best they can be in this world , " Jenny Sanford said .
The governor then proposed giving every parent in South Carolina that kind of choice , regardless of where they lived or whether they made a lot of money .
He said state tax credits should help parents pay for private schools .
Then they would have a choice .
" The public has to know that there 's an alternative there .
It 's just like , do you get a Sprint phone or an AT&T phone , " Chavous said .
He 's right .
When monopolies rule , there is little choice , and little gets done .
In America the phone company was once a government - supported monopoly .
All the phones were black , and all the calls expensive .
With competition , things have changed -- for the better .
We pay less for phone calls .
If we 're unhappy with our phone service , we switch companies .
Why can't kids benefit from similar competition in education ?
" People expect and demand choice in every other area of their life , " Sanford said .
The governor announced his plan last year and many parents cheered the idea , but school boards , teachers unions and politicians objected .
PTAs even sent kids home with a letter saying , " Contact your legislator .
How can we spend state money on something that has n't been proven ? "
A lot of people say education tax credits and vouchers are a terrible idea , that they 'll drain money from public schools and give it to private ones .
Last week 's Florida court ruling against vouchers came after teacher Ruth Holmes Cameron and advocacy groups brought a suit to block the program .
" To say that competition is going to improve education ?
It 's just not gonna work .
You know competition is not for children .
It 's not for human beings .
It 's not for public education .
It never has been , it never will be , " Holmes said .
Why not ?
Would you keep going back to a restaurant that served you a bad meal ?
Or a barber that gave you a bad haircut ?
What if the government assigned you to " your " grocery store .
The store would n't have to compete for your business , and it would soon sell spoiled milk or stock only high profit items .
Real estate agencies would sell houses advertising " neighborhood with a good grocery store . "
That 's insane , and yet that 's what America does with public schools .
Chavous , who has worked to get more school choice in Washington , D.C. , said , " Choice to me is the only way .
I believe that we can force the system from an external vantage point to change itself .
It will never change itself from within .
...
Unless there is some competition infused in the equation , unless that occurs , then they know they have a captive monopoly that they can continue to dominate . "
Competition inspires people to do what we did n't think we could do .
If people got to choose their kids ' school , education options would be endless .
There could soon be technology schools , science schools , virtual schools where you learn at home on your computer , sports schools , music schools , schools that go all year , schools with uniforms , schools that open early and keep kids later , and , who knows what else .
If there were competition , all kinds of new ideas would bloom .
No one ever tells you this stuff in residency .
So I 'm going to give you ten steps towards wealth .
This is n't about being a better doctor , okay ?
That 's what all the other posts are for .
This is simply about making money .
1. Roth IRA
The Roth allows you to put away $ 4000 a year .
It is after tax income .
But anything that happens in that Roth account is never taxed .
If you buy the next Google and it quintiples -- no tax .
When you withdraw it , no tax .
Contrast that with regular IRAs : whatever you withdraw is taxed as income .
So if you withdraw $ 10,000 , you pay income tax on that .
The logic is that when you retire and stop earning income your tax rate will be less than it is now that you work .
Great .
Do you know any doctors who retire ?
And do you believe taxes are going to go lower as the years go on ?
The reason the Roth is # 1 on my list is a ) it is powerful ; b ) you must do it immediately , in residency .
Once your income exceeds $ 100,000 / yr , the rules prohibit additional contributions .
You have four years .
Go .
If you are an intern , you make $ 38,000 / yr .
Therefore , you can save $ 4000 -- it should all go into the Roth .
Skip meals out , moonlight , whatever .
You must do this .
The only reason not to put $ 4000 is credit card debt , which must be paid off .
You say , " I ca n't afford $ 4000 a year . "
False .
Would you be an intern if it only paid $ 32,000 / yr ?
Of course .
You 'd find a way .
Therefore , you can save $ 6000 / yr .
All I 'm asking is $ 4000 .
No buts .
Just do it .
Why is it so important ?
Because when you save is even more important than how much you save .
At 10 % growth per year , money doubles every seven years .
( Take 72 and divide by the interest rate , that 's how many years it takes to double your money . )
So if you put away $ 12,000 in residency , then have a kid , by the time he 's ready for college you have $ 85,000 .
Tax free .
Unlike IRAs , which must be used after retirement , Roth IRAs can be passed on as gifts .
So if you get rich and do n't need this money , you can just give it away .
It is the financial equivalent of hiding money under your mattress with a rod of plutonium and and waiting to see what happens .
Where do you get a Roth ?
Anywhere .
All banks offer them .
All brokerage houses offer them .
Etrade , Vanguard , Fidelity , everybody .
Also , you can invest the Roth money in anything you want .
You can put it into a mutual fund , or all into Apple stock , or divide it among 90 stocks and mutual funds , etc .
You can daytrade your Roth IRA money .
The only thing you can't do is withdraw it before you are 59 1/2 .
Sort of .
Actually , you can withdraw from your Roth anytime you want -- which you will never , ever , do -- if you are going to use it for " qualified first - time homebuyer expenses . "
And , ( unlike every other kind of IRA ) you can withdraw the original contribution amount anytime , without penalty .
Example : you contribute $ 4000 .
It grows to $ 11 M .
You can withdraw $ 4000 without penalty , because technically you already paid taxes on the income that generated the $ 4000 .
( None of this matters , because you will never , ever , withdraw that Roth money . )
2010 : Something wonderful will happen
In 2010 , any money you have in a regular , traditional IRA can be converted into a Roth .
( Right now , anyone who makes over $ 100,000 can't do this . )
After you convert , the money is forever immune from taxation .
You can even pass it on as inheritance ( a traditional IRA must be used starting at age 70.5 ) .
I can make a prediction : you will absolutely not become rich if you do not open a Roth .
The Roth is a test of self - discipline , of delaying gratification , of the ability to see the future as reality and not as potentials , fantasies .
If you fail this test , it predicts you will live the rest of your life always trying to " make it , " to get by .
You will worry about your salary , about the mortgage , about the electric bill .
You 'll be doing accounting maneuvers in your head while on vacation .
In short , you will become your parents .
2 . Do n't do a fellowship .
Every year I tell psychiatry residents not to do a fellowship , and every year no one listens to me , and every year people from previous years come and tell me they wish they had listened to me .
Unless the fellowship gives you credentialling to do something that no one else can do , it is worthless .
So doing a cardiology fellowship is valuable .
Doing a bipolar fellowship is not .
What does a fellowship get you ?
Nothing .
Are you telling me that a person who did a Bipolar Fellowship at Harvard is any better able to treat bipolar than someone who reads on his own and sees patients ?
I need an extra year of residency to learn how to use Lamictal ?
Similarly , forensics , psychosomatics , pain .
I do a lot of forensic work .
It has never once come up , in court , with lawyers , no one , if I had done a fellowship or if I had taken the Forensics Boards .
Why ?
Because no one wants an expert in forensics .
They want an expert in psychiatry .
And patients certainly have no clue that you are or are not subspecialty certified .
But what about the knowledge , the training ?
Psychosomatics ( consultation / liaison psychiatry ) offers a good example .
When you 're not the person who is really responsible , you 're only partly learning .
Doing a fellowship in Psychosomatics may expose you to more patients ( and even that 's debatable ) but you do n't really , really learn how to handle them because you are not really , really responsible for them .
You get much better " training " if you actually get hired as a consult psychiatrist .
See ?
After a year of fellowship vs. a year of actually doing the job , who do you think is more qualified ?
I know , you 're thinking , " why would they hire me with no training ? "
Answer : because they have no choice : most places cannot get enough good people .
( Are you good ?
If not , consider law . )
There is one thing a fellowship does get you : $ 50,000 less money then if you just went out and worked .
Doing an Addiction Psychiatry Fellowship does not get you better training -- and gets you less experience and less money -- than simply working in a drug and alcohol program or even in a community mental health clinic .
$ 50,000 less for one year is n't a lot ?
Hmm .
Assume you clear $ 30,000 after taxes .
In 14 years , at 10 % , that $ 30,000 is now $ 120,000 .
Congratulations : you can now take a year off and go back and do a fellowship .
3. Declare yourself an expert .
Declare : not just become , but declare .
Certainly you need to become an expert if you 're going to succeed .
But you also have to announce it to everyone who will listen .
You need to be the person everyone reflexively thinks of when a certain situation arises .
For example , if you like OCD , then as soon as possible -- in residency -- tell everyone you know you are ( say this exactly ) " interested in OCD . "
So that every time a resident or attending in any specialty meets an OCD patient , they immediately think of you .
The referrers actually have no way of telling whether you really are an expert or not ; that 's not the point .
You simply want to create an immediate association between " OCD " and you .
This way , you get all of the referrals .
Most likely , they do n't know anyone else to refer OCD patients to , so why not you ?
This is also why your expertise can't be in something common .
There 's no room for any more bipolar experts .
But OCD , forensics , " medically unexplained physical symptoms " / somatoform disorders ; use of ECT / MAOI / Clozaril ; student issues ; gay and lesbian issues ; personality disorders , etc -- all these things are sufficiently niche but sufficiently in demand that you establish a name and thus career .
You doubt this ?
Observe :
" Oh crap , I have another borderline patient . "
" Oh yeah ?
Just refer them to X , he sees all borderlines . "
" Really ?
Ok ... "
It goes without saying : once you declare yourself an expert , you better fast become one .
Experience AND reading .
Reading all the time .
I said all the time .
4. Learn Spanish or Russian .
Or Chinese or Vietnamese .
If I have to explain this , it 's not for you .
Partial proficiency in Spanish guarantees you a 30 hr week at a salary of $ 150,000 /yr .
5 . Invest in stocks .
Under no circumstances invest in pharmaceutical companies .
When doctors buy drug company stocks , it is a disaster .
Doctors think they have some better knowledge of drug stocks , but their information is always flawed .
Always .
In fact , if a doctor tells me he is thinking of buying Pfizer , I know Pfizer is going to implode .
Doctors think that because they see Geodon being used a lot that Pfizer is going to go up .
Wrong , for two reasons : first , people already bet that this would happen , probably even before you knew there was a drug coming out called Geodon , so the run up has already happened .
Secondly , the stock price reflects growth , not earnings .
If the company made a billion dollars this year , great .
But if it does n't make more than a billion next year , the stock is dead .
So Amazon , Microsoft , Intel , Dell , etc -- all great companies , all making money hand over fist -- but no significant prospects for growth .
So too Big Pharma .
Unless there 's a great new drug in the pipeline , forget it .
And by the way , if the new drug already has a name ( as opposed to a numeric code ) then it 's too late .
If you have no stomach for this investing stuff , buy the following stocks and go back to bed : BRK.B , SHLD , GOOG , USO , COP , AAPL .
( I own them all . )
Call me in 20 years .
Update on these stocks here .
The search index is currently unavailable .
Please try again later .
Note : I am only in partial agreement with the official viewpoints on this matter , but present them in the name of completeness .
To be balanced , I have included both the professional views and the view from where I stand as someone who lived with what professionals consider severe PTSD for a long time .
Official views on PTSD
Post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) is the current psychiatric term for a specific set of long - term responses to a traumatic situation : Involuntary re-experiencing of the events , avoidance of anything related to the events , numbing of emotions , and an increase in physical arousal .
It is still not known why this occurs in some people and not others .
First documented in soldiers during wars , these reactions used to be known by such names as combat fatigue , shell shock , combat neurosis , traumatic neurosis , and post - Vietnam syndrome .
In combat situations , it used to be erroneously considered a form of defection .
The same reactions were later connected to other traumatic events , such as rape , torture , domestic violence , natural disasters , child abuse , and car accidents .
The extremeness of the event and the level of participation in the event necessary to evoke this response have been controversial since the concept of PTSD was introduced .
At one end of things , some professionals have held that only a life - threatening event experienced directly by the individual in question can truly provoke this response .
Others have argued that it is the perceived level of threat that is important , and that a person can develop PTSD from witnessing an event .
Current criteria allow for both possibilities .
Re-experiencing the events in question can take the form of anything from the inability to get ideas out of one 's head , to full - immersion flashbacks that make a person feel exactly as if it is still happening .
These things often happen more in response to a trigger -- something that reminds a person of some aspect of the event .
For instance , a combat veteran may hear fireworks and react as if the noises come from shooting or bombing .
They can also be more intense around the anniversary of the event .
Flashbacks are probably the most famous aspect of PTSD , but reactions can be much more subtle or take the form of panic attacks or nightmares .
The unpleasantness and intensity of re-experiencing the events can cause a person to avoid anything they perceive as related to the event .
A rape survivor may avoid the street or building in which he or she was raped , as well as any thoughts or emotions that seem remotely connected to it .
The person can also become so disconnected from their emotions that they become fairly numb while not re-experiencing the event .
A person with PTSD can be wary , aroused , or jumpy .
They may always be on alert , and may overreact to what would otherwise be insignificant stimuli .
A honking car horn , while not necessarily arousing memories of the event , may cause a previously sedate person to visibly jump and scream .
These things are codified in the DSM - IV - TR criteria , as follows :
The ICD - 10 contains a similar description , but only requires the presence of a traumatic event and intrusive recollections for diagnosis .
The rest of the symptoms , while described , are viewed as nonessential .
People with PTSD have a higher rate of substance abuse , depression , and anxiety .
They also have a higher rate of physical health problems , although the exact cause for that higher rate is not known .
Health problems could be caused by behavior like substance abuse , by the physiological strain of remaining hypervigilant for years on end , by stress - related chemicals in the body , or various other factors that have not yet been uncovered .
Official views on Complex PTSD
Some professionals have noticed an apparent difference in the way people react to prolonged trauma , especially in situations where the person 's entire life is being controlled by another person .
Examples might include prisoners of war , people who have been institutionalized , people in long - term abusive relationships , concentration camp survivors , and members of destructive cults .
While the idea of a separate diagnosis remains controversial , it has been described alternately as DES - NOS ( Disorder of Extreme Stress , Not Otherwise Specified ) , Chronic Trauma Syndrome , Personality Change from Catastrophic Experience , Post - Traumatic Character Disorder , and Complex PTSD .
Some professionals prefer to diagnose PTSD and tack on other diagnostic labels ( such as personality or somatization disorders ) as necessary .
The essential difference , according to those who believe in it , is that complex PTSD produces deeper , broader , and longer - lasting changes in a person 's personality , relationships with other people , and ways of reacting to their surroundings .
For instance , a person with complex PTSD might develop a strong attachment to the perpetrator of abuse toward them .
If the most stereotypical example of PTSD is the Vietnam veteran who thinks the war is still going on , the most stereotypical example of complex PTSD might be the battered wife who returns to her husband no matter how much he beats her and seems to almost seek out abusive relationships .
People who do n't understand may ridicule her as stupid and weak , but internally she is reacting to a view of herself and the world that has been completely remolded by the abuse and control over here life that has been going on for so long .
Dr. Judith Herman , who popularized the term complex PTSD in her book Trauma and Recovery , describes a set of working criteria :
Dr. Herman 's belief is that this diagnosis will prevent excessive use of other diagnoses ( such as borderline personality disorder ) and a " blaming the victim " attitude , toward people who have been subjected to long - term trauma .
She acknowledges , however , that professionals have not worked out to what extent these criteria , or a separate diagnosis at all , apply .
Official views on treatment
Professional treatment practices vary with the trends in psychiatry , but the most common are medications , individual therapy , and group therapy .
Medications , when used , tend to be antidepressants and sedatives , for the purpose of helping with depression and anxiety .
Some research is going into drugs that deal with stress - related chemicals in the body directly .
Individual therapy can take many forms .
Cognitive behavioral therapy aims to teach the patient new ways of viewing and approaching life and problems , rather than the old ways , which are presumed to be dysfunctional .
Hypnotherapy may be used to uncover memories , although this is highly controversial because of the unreliability of the memories that do get recovered .
Another somewhat controversial technique , known as EMDR ( Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing ) , has the patient focus on specific disturbing memories while moving his eyes back and forth , purportedly helping him " reprocess " the memory .
Other forms of individual therapy may follow the usual conventions of various forms of psychoanalysis , and may help patients to air their emotions or learn to trust people again .
Some professionals believe that it is imperative to remember and relive the traumatic experience in order to recover .
Others disagree , believing that it may even be damaging for people to remember things before they are ready .
A recent study has shown that the debriefings given to some people immediately after traumatic events can force a person to think about the event more intensely than otherwise , increasing the risk of long - term reactions .
Group therapy lets the person meet other people who have been through similar things .
This can allow him to learn ways of dealing with the world from people who have been there , and to find out how he might look from the outside .
It can also be a source of emotional support .
There are also numerous self - help and support groups for people with PTSD on the Internet and in real life .
The physiological changes resulting from strain on the body can result in a variety of physical illnesses , which are real and should be treated .
Most people who treat PTSD through therapy will use some combination of the above techniques , rather than just one .
My unofficial , personal , biased views
These views are entangled with me and my past , because that is the nature of how these things work .
I have a piece of paper from my psychiatrist that says I have PTSD , and where most of it came from .
To me , the piece of paper is not that important .
It gives me insurance against things that could compound the problem , and that is most of its use : to keep me out of the psychiatric system , and to explain the more incomprehensible side of my behavior to professionals .
Post - traumatic stress disorder is , to me , a set of words that describe the ways in which I have contorted myself to adapt to an unremittingly hostile environment that happens to now be in the past .
It does not have a life of its own .
There is no disease called PTSD in my brain that can be ripped out with the proper therapy .
There are only lots of mental and physical survival mechanisms , some of them more useful than others .
My only wish is to keep the useful ones and to not need the harmful ones .
Once the situation that brought all of this on was over , I did n't notice it was over .
Until recently , talking about flashbacks was an interesting exercise in semantics .
It would have been more accurate to say that I had rare and intermittent flashes of the present .
I wrote the wrong decade on my personal cheques , and my degree of immersion in the past varied only in how hallucinatory it became :
If I physically perceived objects from the past , I called it a flashback , and the rest of the time my thoughts and emotions were in the past while my senses were in the present .
I called people in the present by the names of people from the past , and even when I did n't do that I reacted to them as if they were different people .
Even since I learned what PTSD was , it has n't meant I can always tell by logic which sensory perceptions are the past and which are the present .
It 's that vivid .
I reenacted situations from the past , even when I did n't know I was doing it .
Every February , like clockwork , I had an overwhelming urge to kill myself by strangulation or suffocation .
It took time to remember that February was the month I had nearly suffocated to death .
I 'm told I had a habit of embarking on incongruous monologues that seemed to be lifted straight out of a years - dead conversation , and , more worryingly , getting into fights with people that seemed to mirror prior events in which my life was endangered .
It 's sobering to find yourself on top of your best friend staring them in the face while they hold your fists away from them and ask you , " Do you know who I am ? "
Especially when you 've always been against most violence on principle , and you start wondering if your exception for self - defense applies to hallucinations .
I refused to go to parts of my house that had been deemed off - limits in other settings .
I did n't bother going outside because I thought the door was locked .
I was afraid of doctors .
I heard screaming in my head all the time .
I had the same nightmares every night , and often could n't get out of bed in the morning because I thought I was strapped to it : Someone else had to tell me the straps were being let off one by one , as protocol had been , or else convince me they were not there at all .
The world I was living in was like a surreal and constant form of time travel , the present mixing with various parts of the past .
They were so entangled that I often looked around for the past in the present , thinking I must be missing something .
I oscillated between feeling nothing at all , and feeling things I had not felt at the time the events I was reacting to were occurring .
I had strings of panic attacks so frequently that at times I seemed to run out of whatever chemicals fueled them , but my body kept trying to panic anyway .
To top it all off , when I did notice I was not there anymore , I felt guilty for being alive .
I 'd end up banging my head on a wall just to try to get it to stop , and at one point I contemplated gouging my brain out but could n't seem to find the tools to do it .
I was fortunate .
There were people around me who were willing to patiently show me that the world today was not like the world yesterday .
They protected me from the system , while reinforcing the better world I was living in here and now .
They did not , as many people did , claim that I was deliberately living in the past , and they did not , as many therapists do , force me to relive it .
I was already reliving it every day .
The people who helped me the most were ordinary everyday friends who helped show me that this had happened to other people too , I was not going to be judged for it , I did not need to protect myself from the past anymore , and that it was safe and possible to deal with the present .
Without them , I would have been a classic revolving door chronic patient : Entering the system , being traumatized there , leaving , showing I was too crazy to be let out , getting back in , and being traumatized again until the layers were so thick there would be little chance of escape and I would have kept the psychosis label I 'd been given for life instead of having it rescinded .
That is essentially what had been happening to me until I gained the social resources to avoid the system altogether .
Nonetheless , it took four and a half years before I was able to say I had flashbacks rather than glimpses of the present , and that I was starting to respond to things in ways that made sense more often than not .
I went through a February with no flashbacks , and I knew that my life was getting better .
Since then , I have come to the conclusion that there is probably no end to this .
These events will stick with me forever , as similar events do for anyone .
I remember , I always will .
But the longer I live my life without all of this , the better I feel , and the less likely my mind is to try to jump back in time .
I can sometimes forget for a whole day that these things happened at all .
The present is a very nice place .
At the same time , it 's not simple .
The medical models of PTSD fall short of the reality .
This is not a disease that I acquired and am healing from .
This is what happens when a person 's survival instincts turn against them in a situation they were not built for in the first place .
A situation that often has a political and social context .
The person this happens to belongs to a society .
In my case , I belong to a society that tends to range from ignorant to openly condoning what happened to me .
It is hard not to walk down the street , watch television , read books , or use the Internet without finding people who honestly believe that what happened to me and countless others was help .
Especially when the way I have ended up as a result is considered a form of insanity , taking my credibility away even on things I am competent to judge .
It makes me doubt myself and wonder sometimes if I 'm still as out of it as I sometimes used to be , but whenever I check with people , our perceptions seem to match .
Rather than viewing myself as recovering from a disease , therefore , I work politically to build a world in which it is safe for me and others like me to remain in the present .
I do n't do this for therapy .
I do it because it seems like the right thing to do .
People 's reactions , however bizarre they may become , cannot be separated neatly from our surroundings in the form of a disorder , and the diagnosis of PTSD is one of the clearest examples of this .
Both we and our circumstances need to change .
Main References :
Plan B 4th edition
Put resources into boxes
Plan B is an operating system designed to work in distributed environments where the set of available resources is different at different points in time .
Its 4th edition is implemented as a set of user programs to run on top of Plan 9 from Bell Labs .
It 's main design guidelines are :
All resources are perceived as volumes .
A volume is a file tree exported to the network together with a name and constraints .
The system operates on both local and remote boxes through the same protocol .
Any implementor of such protocol can be used as part of a Plan B system .
Each application has its own name space and can customize it .
Customization is done by defining names for volumes and specifying the desired order and constraints to tailor automatic import of network volumes .
Applications try to avoid connections to resources , by using calls that accept file names instead of file descriptors .
Volumes can be advertised as they become available to be automatically bound to pre-specified names in the name spaces of applications that care about such resources .
The design owes much to Plan 9 and to Off ++.
For a description of the system , you may read some of the papers listed in the papers page .
You can take a look to a Plan B screenshot and see the code for an example application , the player we use to listen to music within our smart space shown in the screenshot .
The player is similar to one implemented for a single machine , but Plan B makes it adapt to device availability and distribute its UI among available screens .
The manual for the system can be read here .
Some demonstrations for the system are available in the LS main page .
This distribution is available under the Plan B license ( which is that of Plan 9 ) .
If you accept the license , you can download a full tar ball with a set of files that can be unpacked on top of a Plan 9 installation to obtain a Plan B .
If you want just the source code , and you accept the license , you can download sources tar ball instead .
The file / sys / src/ README .
PlanB in the CD reports the files changed in Plan B with respect to Plan 9 .
Spectral Sequences
I have now returned to an earlier plan of having this material be an extra chapter of the Algebraic Topology book , rather than a separate book .
The current version of this chapter is here .
Its main focus is the Serre spectral sequence and its applications , but there is also some coverage of the Adams spectral sequence and , more briefly , a few other spectral sequences .
In case you would like to see the older version that was planned as a separate book , this can be found on this page .
In response to a bill currently being considered by Congress , Richard A. Viguerie , Chairman of Grassroots Freedom , had the following to say :
Section 220 of S. 1 , the lobbying reform bill currently before the Senate , would require grassroots causes , even bloggers , who communicate to 500 or more members of the public on policy matters , to register and report quarterly to Congress the same as the big K Street lobbyists .
The bill , which according to the organization , allows the government to regulates small , legitimate nonprofits , bloggers , and individuals , but at the same time leaves loopholes for unions , and other large organizations and corporations , is being labeled as one that makes exercising your First Amendment rights a crime .
A petition to stop this bill can be accessed here , and more information is available at here .
Home Robots Grow In Popularity
Joel Garreau says people are falling in love with their Roomba robotic vacuum cleaners .
This week , women all over America -- and not a few men -- are cooing and doting over their surprise hit Christmas present .
They swoon when it hides under the couch and plays peekaboo .
When it gets tired and finds its way back to its nest , sings a little song and then settles into a nap , its little power button pulsing like a beating heart , on , off , on , off , they swear they can hear it breathe .
It 's as cute as E.T. , as devoted as R2D2 , more practical than a robotic dog and cheaper than some iPods .
iRobot 's Roomba is a big seller .
More than 2 million of the machines , which range in price from about $ 150 to $ 330 , have been sold .
The day after Christmas , a Roomba was among the top 20 items in Amazon. com 's vast home - and - garden section , ahead of the top - selling iron , the top - selling blender , the top - selling coffeemaker and the top- selling George Foreman grill .
In Housewares , different models were Nos. 1 , 6 and 8 , ahead of all the other vacuum cleaners , including the DustBusters .
Automation of boring house work is a wonderful thing .
I especially want full automation of food preparation .
Picture a bunch of bins that you 'd load with noodles , rice , and other basic dried goods .
Plus , imagine a bunch of small spice bins .
Then an automated system like an miniaturized warehouse robot would take small amounts from each bin and put the ingredients into a pot which would first be removed from a standard position on a rack and placed on a stove .
If the automated system needed to , say , take an unopened bottle of ketchup from a shelf it would put an RFID tag on the bottle and put the bottle in the refrigerator after removing some ketchup .
So when will we get the kitchen cook robot ?
10 years ? 20 years ?
An MIT Technology Review article on the future of robots reports home robots surpassed industrial robots in number in 2005 .
Domestics .
If the latest figures are to be believed , 2007 will be the year of the robotic revolution .
According to the latest Robotics Survey , published in October by the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe , domestic robots now outstrip their industrial cousins .
In 2005 , the number of domestic droids exceeded the one million milestone , a figure that is now expected to rise into the several millions over the next few years .
Christensen believes that next year South Korea will likely come out with the first truly multifunctional home robot .
The South Korean government is committed to becoming a leader in robotics and has announced a plan to have a robot in every home by 2013 .
The industrial robots cost more and deliver more economic value .
But the trend is clear .
Home robotics has started to become a part of the present and not just a science fiction dream about the future .
While the term " Roomba " has achieved popularity in the mainstream culture iRobot also makes some less well known mass market floor cleaning robots .
The Scooba cleans hard floors such as found in kitchens and bathrooms .
The Dirt Dog cleans nails , bolts , and other small debris from shop floors .
Scooba can clean just about any floor that a mop can clean .
Scooba is designed to safely clean all sealed hard floor surfaces , including tile , linoleum , marble and sealed hardwood wherever you would typically use a standard mop .
Scooba uses water and a specially designed Clorox ® cleaning solution that is safe and effective on all sealed hard floor surfaces .
I can see one problem with these devices : Pets !
My late great Australian Shepherd thought all wheeled devices were things to bite at .
If I was pushing along a lawn mower that was not running he'd try to bite the wheels .
So if you have a dog at home with access to the insides of the house and you set the Roomba or Scooba to do cleaning while you are at work what is Fido or Fluffy going to do when one of these devices starts cruising around ?
Maybe the simple solution is to start it running as one goes out the door to walk the dog .
How quickly will we get a taller device that 'll vacuum couches and chairs or dust window sills and other ledges ?
The liability risk would be much higher for such a device .
Plus , it would be a tougher problem to solve since the device would more in more dimensions with more axes of motion .
The same difficulties hold for something tall enough to clear the dishes from the table and put them into the dish washer with the table scraps removed .
Spiralling costs and an aging population make health an area that cries out for robotic automation .
Another Technology Review article reports on efforts to provide better physical feedback from robots to surgeons .
Robotic surgical systems have become a staple in operating rooms , advancing the field of minimally invasive surgery .
These computer - assisted tools help surgeons conduct more - precise in - depth procedures .
The robots are often praised for their dexterity , advanced visualization technologies , and mechanical stamina .
But there is one important aspect the robots are missing : a sense of touch , also known as haptics .
A Johns Hopkins team is working on the haptics problem .
To develop such technology , Okamura and her team are working with the da Vinci surgical system made by Intuitive Surgical ; it 's the only robot approved by the FDA for conducting surgical procedures .
The da Vinci is particularly useful in laparoscopic surgical procedures , such as the removal of the gallbladder or prostate .
It also makes it possible to perform minimally invasive procedures for general noncardiac surgical procedures inside the chest .
Surgical robots will serve as aides to human surgeons in much the same way that automatic pilots do work for real pilots .
Surgical robots will eventually do subsets of steps within longer surgical procedures .
For example a surgical robot could probably be designed to show graphically what they plan to do for a sequence by overlaying an animation over an already sliced open area of the body .
Then a surgeon could approve of that sequence and the robot could perform the sequence more rapidly and accurately than a human could .
We are moving beyond the stage where robots were used only in controlled and therefore relatively simple factory environments .
The home and the surgical operating table are both much more complicated environments with more unplanned and unexpected elements that can show up .
Recent advances in robotic vehicles demonstrate the potential for robotic systems to handle complex environments outside of factories .
The success of robots in the mass market will provide revenue flows to fund the development of more robotic products .
We should expect the introductions of new kinds of home and workplace robots in the next few year .
Robots are a growing part of our everyday lives .
Главная страница Свернуть Северная Корея
Великий вождь товари щ Ким Ир Сен , творчески применяя марксизм - ленинизм к реальным условиям нашей страны , прокладывал путь революции .
В ходе борьбы он разработал идеи чучхе и открыл путь самостоятельного развития корейской революции .
Если вам с утра крайне хреново , голова гудит , как оскверненный злобны м
Винни Пухом пчелиный улей , собака сожрала любимые тапочки , отключили неоплаченный телефон и в гости , пожить на неделю , намыливаются любимые родственники .
Прочтите сей скромный опус , да вспомните , что где - то сейчас кому - то живется неизмеримо херовее , чем можно представить будучи в здравом рассудке и при остатках памяти .
Впрочем , разве это жизнь ...
Северная Корея — заповедник непуганых коммунистов .
Раз в неделю паровоз увозит одинокий вагон от город а
Уссурийска через станци ю Хасан в сию « Страну утренней свежести » .
Какова она , эта свежесть по утрам , русскому человеку лишний раз напоминать не надо .
Первое знакомство с идеями чучхе начинается на корейской границе .
Приезжие обыскиваются с редким усердием .
К ввозу запрещены : печатная литература , сотовые телефоны , радиоприемники , диски , кассеты и т.п.
Любые средства связи и носители информации .
Провозимый нами рюкзак с фототехникой вызвал у таможенников легкий шок .
После тщательного изучения фотокамеры , на специальной бумажке были переписаны все ввозимые нами флешки , КПК и прочая лабуда .
Фотосъемка запрещена .
Не то , чтобы вообще — фотоаппарат ввозить можно , но категорически запрещается снимать людей ( особенно военных ) , различные объекты инфраструктуры , рынки , магазины , виды с возвышенностей , оборонительные сооружения .
Короче , запечатлеть разрешается только то , что разрешит сопровождающий .
Причем , этот сопровождающий периодически требует показать , что ты тут при нем наснимал на камеру .
Как разруливается вопрос в случае с пленочной техникой , для меня осталось загадкой .
Естественно , наплевали мы на все эти запреты .
Достопримечательности , которые можно снимать , представляют собой однообразные серые камни с революционными письменами .
За все время не встретилось ни единого скульптурного монумента .
Поэтому , пока я отвлекал внимание гида своим огромным аппаратом со здоровым широкоугольным объективом , Татьяна шлепала посредством гиперзума все , что запрещено .
Главное , потом быстро успеть подменить флешку , когда гид начинал подозревать неладное , и требовал показать , что мы тут отсняли .
Впрочем , российский принцип необязательности исполнения жестоких законов работает в полной мере и в Северной Корее .
Свободное перемещение туристов конечно же не допускается .
Единственная вольность — в составе группы разрешается ходить строем не в ногу .
Везде только в сопровождении гида ( обычно с помощником ) .
Нельзя выходить за пределы указанной территории .
В нашем случае , это была местность вокруг роскошного и пафосного отеля на берегу моря .
На все огромное здание из мрамора и гранита , напоминающее гигантский мавзолей , нас было 11 человек туристов .
Пустые коридоры напоминали кадры из фильма ужасов .
Номера откровенно прослушиваются , что , в принципе , удобно .
Эмоциональное выражение недовольства отсутствием туалетной бумаги вызывает незамедлительный стук в дверь номера , на пороге уже стоит девушка с рулоном .
Туристам бесплатно можно брать велосипеды для покатушек вокруг здания за забором в зоне видимости камер наблюдения .
Вероятно , забор , камеры и охрана на выезде были недостаточны , поэтому в первый день за нами на велосипеде вокруг отеля кружил сопровождающий .
Потом , видимо , мы внушили доверие примерным поведением и велосипед давали покататься в нескольких метрах перед крыльцом отеля уже без сопровождения .
Большинство кадров снято не целясь от пояса , через грязное стекло прыгающего на кочках автобуса , под прикрытием сумки или иной подвернувшейся туши .
Так что качество печально , но сюжет разобрать можно .
В целом , тоскливость картин выходит за границы разумного — серые здания , ужасная одежда , пыльные дороги , все это очень напоминает мрачную гранитную рамку к жизнерадостному портрет у Ким Ир Сена .
Традиционно хотел наскрести небольшую коллекцию дорожных знаков .
Однако , знаки встречаются еще реже чем машины .
Технология их изготовления тоже по -чучхейски самобытна .
Какая - то пленка налепленная на куски фанеры или жести .
Этот вот шедевр знакотворчества означает место революционной славы и прочие достопримечательности .
В этом конкретном мест е
Ким Ир Сен вышел из машины , ступил на корейскую землю и сказал что - то мудрое , или дал какое - то ценное указание .
Точно суть события я не запомнил , но оно явно оставило неизгладимый след в истории корейского народа .
Первое знакомство с городскими пейзажами .
Дороги грунтовые и , похоже , больше рассчитаны на борьбу с транспортом вероятных оккупантов , чем на передвижение по ним в мирное время .
Основной грузовой транспорт — это вот такие коровы ( быки ) .
Иногда их как трамваи цепляют « паровозиком » и один водитель управляет составом из двух повозок с говяжьей тягой .
« Предыдущая 1 234567Следующая »
Поместить ссылку в:
[ Tutor ] Amazing power of Regular Expressions ...
On Sunday 05 November 2006 15:02 , Kent Johnson wrote : ... >
Regular expressions are an extremely powerful and useful tool that every > programmer should master and then put away and not use when there is an > alternative :-) < eyebrow >
There 's always an alternative to a regular expression , so are you really suggesting * never * use a regex ?
( seriously though , I doubt you are , but taken in this context , that 's how it looks ) .
The most pathological example of regex avoidance I 've seen in a while is this : def is Plain ( text ) : plaindict = {'-': True , '. ' :
True , ' 1 ' : True , ' 0 ' : True , ' 3 ' : True , ' 2 ' : True , ' 5 ' : True , ' 4 ' : True , ' 7 ' : True , ' 6 ' : True , ' 9 ' : True , ' 8 ' : True , ' A ' : True , ' C ' : True , ' B ' : True , ' E ' : True , ' D ' : True , ' G ' : True , ' F ' : True , ' I ' : True , ' H ' : True , ' K ' : True , ' J ' : True , ' M ' : True , ' L ' : True , ' O ' : True , ' N ' : True , ' Q ' : True , ' P ' : True , ' S ' : True , ' R ' : True , ' U ' : True , ' T ' : True , ' W ' : True , ' V ' : True , 'Y ' : True , ' X ' : True , ' Z ' : True , '_ ' : True , 'a ' : True , ' c ' : True , 'b ' :
True , 'e ' : True , 'd ' : True , 'g ' : True , 'f ' : True , 'i ' : True , 'h ' : True , 'k ' : True , 'j ' : True , 'm ' : True , 'l ' : True , 'o ' : True , 'n ' : True , 'q ' : True , 'p ' : True , 's ' : True , 'r ' : True , 'u ' : True , 't ' : True , 'w ' : True , 'v ' : True , 'y ' : True , 'x ' : True , 'z ' : True} for c in text : if plaindict.get ( c , False ) == False : return False return
True ( sadly this is from real code - in defence of the person who wrote it , they were n't even * aware * of regexes )
That 's equivalent to the regular expression : * ^[0- 9A - Za-z_ . -] *$
Now , which is clearer ?
If you learn to read & write regular expressions , then the short regular expression is the clearest form .
It 's also quicker .
I 'm not someone who advocates coding - by - regex , as happens rather heavily in perl ( I like perl about as much as python ) , but to say " do n't use them if there 's an alternative " is a little strong .
Aside from the argument that " you now have two problems " ( which always applies if you think all problems can be hit with the same hammer ) , solving * everything * with regex is often slower .
( since people then do one after another , after another - the most pathological example I 've seen applied over 1000 regexes to a piece of text , one after another , and then the author wondered why their code was slow ... )
JWZ 's quote is more aimed at people who think about solving every problem with regexes ( and where you end up with 10 line monstrosities in perl with 5 levels of backtracking ) .
Also , it 's worth bearing in mind that there 's more than one definition of what regex's are ( awk , perl , python , and various C libraries all have slightly differing rules and syntax , even if they often share a common base ) .
Rather than say there 's one true way , it 's worth bearing in mind that regexes are little more than a shorthand for structured parsing , and bearing this in mind , then it 's worth recasting JWZ 's point as :
If your reaction to seeing a problem is " this looks like it can be solved using a regex " , you should think to yourself : has someone else already hit this problem and have they come up with a specialised pattern matcher for it already ?
If not , why not ?
In this case that * should * have led the poster to the discovery of the specialised parser : time .
strptime( date , '%d/%m/%Y ')
File globs are another good example of a specialised form of pattern matcher .
Using a regex when it 's appropriate is good .
Finding a more appropriate specialised pattern matcher ?
Even better .
Avoiding using regexes in the way I 've shown above , because it's an alternative to using a regex ?
Bad , it 's slow and unclear . :-)
Michael .
The study looked at the long - term effect of breastfeeding
The University of Bristol team looked at 1,400 babies born from 1937 - 1939 and followed their progress for 60 years .
Those who were breastfed were 41 % more likely to move up in class than those who were bottle - fed .
Experts said the Archives of Disease in Childhood study supported the idea that breastfeeding led to better long - term outcomes for children .
This is a fascinating study which supports the existing body of knowledge that breastfeeding results in better outcomes for babies
Dr Andrew Lyon , Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists
The people studied had all originally taken part in the Boyd Orr Study of Diet and Health in Pre -War Britain carried out in 1937 - 1939 .
They were followed up until an average age of 73 .
Whether or not a baby was breastfed was less to do with class than it is now , when the practice is often more popular with middle - class families .
In fact , there may have been a slightly increased chance that richer families would bottle - feed babies , because they would be able to afford formula milk and nannies .
IQ
The study found there was no difference in breastfeeding rates when the researchers looked at household income or social class .
Those who had been breastfed had a 58 % chance of moving up the social ladder compared to 50 % of those who were bottle - fed - a relative difference of 41 % when the statistics were adjusted to take into account other factors which might influence the outcome .
The longer a child was breastfed , the greater were their chances of upward mobility , the results showed .
And in families where one child was breastfed while a sibling was bottle - fed , there was still a difference in their chances of social mobility , with the breastfed child 16 % more likely to move up in class .
Dr Richard Martin , who led the research , said : " We thought that if breastfeeding increased IQ and health in the long - term , it may also have an impact on social status . "
But he added : " The question is whether that 's an effect of the breastfeeding - something to do with the biological process which has an effect on brain development , or about the activity itself - such as improved bonding with mother , or that people who were breastfed were raised in a better social environment . "
Dr Martin said more work was needed to pin down what the explanation was .
Later benefits
Dr Andrew Lyon , a consultant neonatologist and spokesman for the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists , said : " This is a fascinating study which supports the existing body of knowledge that breastfeeding results in better outcomes for babies .
" However , the authors themselves admit that the study should be interpreted with caution , and that the findings warrant further investigation before firm conclusions can be drawn " .
Dr Mary Fewtrell , a child nutrition expert at the Institute of Child Health , said : " There is quite a bit of epidemiological evidence suggesting that breastfeeding confers benefits for later height , cognitive function and other health outcomes .
" The upward social mobility could be due to an effect of breastfeeding on any of these outcomes - that is , breastfeeding could enable an individual to increase his or her social class by increasing adult height , improving general health or directly increasing IQ and attainment . "
Global average temperature 1880 - 2005 , together with one dimensional model fit ( as described in the text ) extrapolated to 2050 for the case of linear , constant , and exponential carbon emissions ( all other forcings held constant after 2003 ) .
Data : UEA CRU .
2
This is the second post in a series on carbon in the economy .
The first post was The Carbon Economy .
I was going to do one post on implications of carbon emissions , but found myself obliged to split it into two , with this one being on translating COinto temperature , and the second being on risks of that temperature .
Again , I 'm going to try and focus on developing rules of thumb that are decent enough approximations to be usable in reasoning , but simple enough to be comprehensible to non-climatologists .
The very basic physics of the greenhouse effect is probably familiar to most people , but let me take a second to review it for the rest of our readers .
The sun , being very hot , emits enormous amounts of electromagnetic radiation .
The spectrum of that radiation peaks in the range that our eyes can detect as visible radiation .
The earth 's atmosphere is mostly transparent to the sun 's radiation , and so most of it reaches the ground and the parts that are n't reflected back upwards are absorbed and heat the earth .
Because the earth is much warmer than space , it also radiates electromagnetic radiation out in all directions .
However , since the earth is much less warm than the sun , it emits much less energetic ( longer wavelength ) infrared radiation .
If the earth 's atmosphere were dry and free from greenhouse gases , it would be transparent and the earth would be quite a lot colder ( permanently below freezing everywhere ) .
Instead , certain gases absorb some of the infrared radiation , which warms the air more than it otherwise would be , and keeps the planet warmer .
The infrared absorption of the atmosphere is shown in the following figure which shows how much of the infrared gets through as a function of the wavelength ( the blue areas under the curve are where radiation get through , in proportion to the height of curve ) .
Also shown are labels for some of the notches where either CO 2 or water molecules are responsible for the absorption .
Transmittance of infrared radiation as a function of temperature .
Source : Wikipedia .
So in general , if there is more CO 2 , then it is harder for infrared radiation to get out of the atmosphere .
That means the earth cannot shed heat as effectively , and thus will warm up .
As it warms up , it will release more radiation .
Eventually , it will get enough warmer that the outgoing radiation will balance the incoming sunlight ( referred to as radiative equilibrium ) .
Normally the earth is in radiative equilibrium to a very good approximation , but that is less true at the moment ( as we shall see ) .
So the key question , in light of our explorations in CO 2 concentration the other day , is how much temperature rise do we get from any given increase in CO 2 .
This is known as the climate sensitivity , and is often expressed as what would be the effect of doubling CO 2 from the preindustrial value of 280 ppm , but we will follow a newer and better convention .
This is a very complicated business because there are a lot of feedbacks in the system .
Eg , if there is more CO 2 and things start to warm up , that means the warmer oceans will release more water vapor , which also blocks infrared , amplifying the effect of the CO 2 .
However , some of the water vapor might create more clouds , which reflect sunlight away from the earth and tend to reduce the temperature increase .
On the third hand , the increased temperatures will melt some of the earth 's ice and snow in some places , which would have reflected sunlight , but now wo n't , and so that enhances the temperature .
On the fourth hand , the increased water vapor might cause more snowstorms and lead to increased accumulations of ice and snow in some places .
Etc , etc .
As you can imagine , this is a computer modeler 's paradise and the climatologists have engaged in that big time .
Historically , the climate models did n't agree as closely as one might like .
For example , here 's a set of temperature projections for one particular CO 2 scenario ( the A2 scenario used by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , which lies between our linear and exponential emissions extrapolations from the other day ) .
Temperature increase over 2000 for eight global climate models in IPCC SRES A2 emissions scenario .
Source : Wikipedia .
As you can see , the uncertainty is considerable .
Indeed the IPCC , which is an international organization of government nominated scientists who write consensus reports about climate change , quotes the climate sensitivity to a doubling of CO 2 as 3.5 ± 0.9 oC , which is 6.3 ± 1.7 oF .
Those are the one standard deviation error bars .
This is a lot of uncertainty to add to the already considerable uncertainty that economics and resource constraints introduce into the emissions scenarios ( though , as you can see from the figure , there 's less uncertainty about the near future than the far future ) .
Another way to get at the situation is to look to the past .
The climatologists have expended extraordinary levels of effort to drill sediments out of lake and ocean bottoms and analyze isotope ratios in them , examine tree rings , drill ice cores in ice sheets all over the world , etc , etc .
Then they take all these time series , statistically munge them together , and try to come up with an estimate of global temperature .
This graph is the result of a range of such exercises .
The black line at right is special however - it depends on actual temperature records since regular meteorological observation began .
Ten different reconstructions of global temperature anomaly relative to the 1961 -1990 temperature .
Source and detailed references : Wikipedia .
Clearly , we run into significant uncertainty again .
All of these efforts show recent temperatures being unprecedented in the last 2000 years .
However , they differ considerably in how much natural variation there has been before ( which of course must be considered in deciding how much of the recent temperature rise can be ascribed to greenhouse gases , and therefore used in estimating the climate sensitivity ) .
Let 's take a look at that instrumental record ( the global average data are courtesy of the University of East Anglia Climatic Research Unit who regularly update their time sequence ) .
Global average temperature 1880 - 2005 , together with five year moving average .
Source : UEA CRU .
Roughly speaking , you can see a cooling trend in the late nineteenth century , then a sharp rise in temperature from 1910 - 1940 , approximate stability in the middle twentieth century , and then rapid rises after the late 1970s .
Clearly , there is more going on in this than just CO 2 .
To get at what is happening , here 's a figure from a paper of James Hansen et al .
which is under submission at the moment and represents a huge array of modeling efforts with the GISS global climate model .
The newest models are starting to get quite impressive - probably mainly because of better inputs .
In particular , this next picture shows estimates of all " climate forcings " that have changed from 1880 .
Climatologists classify all the external factors that affect the climate according to the equivalent change in sunlight at the top of the atmosphere that would have been needed to produce that change .
The solar constant is around 1366 Watts / square meter ( if the square meter in question faces the sun directly ) , so the variations of a few Watts / square meter are against that number .
By putting all the different effects into a common framework , it 's easier to compare their contributions to climate change .
Estimates of main climate forcings over time ( left ) , and net forcing ( right ) .
Source : Hansen et al .
You can see that the most important effects heating the planet up are the global warming gases ( reaching around 2.7 W /m2 ) , with black carbon ( soot ) in the atmosphere being a distant second .
The most important compensating factors are aerosols ( especially sulphates ) , which have both a direct effect reflecting sunlight , and also an indirect effect seeding clouds .
Stratospheric aerosols ( mainly from very large volcanic eruptions and early atmospheric nuclear tests ) also play an important if intermittent role .
We can see in Hansen et al 's figure much of the explanation for the temperature variation .
The cooling in the late nineteenth century is primarily due to volcanic eruptions , especially Krakatoa .
The warming from 1910 - 1940 looks explicable as the earth warms up after that ( it takes decades for the surface ocean to warm , and centuries for the deep ocean to equilibriate ) .
Then the stable period in the mid twentieth century is due to the fact that global warming gases only slightly outweighed the cooling effects of tropospheric aerosol pollution .
In the later part of the century , this breaks down as clean air measures are increasingly taken allowing global warming gases to dominate despite the best efforts of the nuclear weapons community and an assortment of volcanoes ( led by Mt Pinatubo ) .
When Hansen et al. run these forcings through their model , they get this level of agreement :
GISS model temperature versus observed temperature for four different schemes of global averaging .
Source : Hansen et al .
Pretty good .
However , they emphasize that the leading source of uncertainty in global warming is the forcing of the aerosols ( both direct and undirect ) , which has a relative uncertainty of about 50 % ( ie huge ) , and the growth rate is so uncertain they can't even say if it 's growing or shrinking .
Hence considerable uncertainty propagates through into their estimate of the climate 's sensitivity to greenhouses gases .
They state they probably could produce equally good model fit with more climate sensitivity and less net forcing , or less climate sensitivity and more forcing .
Thus the problem of uncertainty in the climate sensitivity persists , which makes extrapolating temperatures more difficult .
Indeed , they estimate elsewhere based on paleoclimatalogical evidence that climate sensitivity is 0.75 ± 0.25 oC / W/m2 ( 1.35 ± 0.45 oF / W/m2 ) .
That is to say , if you increase the total climate forcing by 1 W / m2 , the world will eventually get 0.75 degrees Celsius warmer , except you could be wrong either way by 0.25 degrees Celsius ( one standard deviation error bar ) .
However , you do n't get this warming all at once .
In their model , you get 50 % of it in 25 years , 75 % in 100 years , and it takes several hundred years to get to full equilibrium .
That 's the ocean ; it 's slow to warm up and it covers most of the planet .
Let 's now dig into what is inside that greenhouse gas forcing ( just the green line from two figures up ) .
Here are the main constituents :
Excess radiative forcing over 1850 level due to various greenhouse gases .
Source : NASA , Goddard for mixing ratios and Table 1 of Hansen and Sato , 2000 for conversion formulae .
There are two important things I see here .
The first is that the non-CO 2 components are a pretty important part of the total .
However , they appear to be collectively stabilizing , whereas CO 2 is continuing to go through the roof .
The reason for the methane emissions stabilizing does n't seem to be very well understood and is in direct contradiction of the fears of permafrost methane release .
The reason for the stabilization of CFC concentrations is the success of the Montreal protocol and its various follow - ons .
However , these compounds are very long lived in the stratosphere , and there are still some emissions in developing countries , so there will not be a rapid decline in their concentration .
You might wonder why we do n't have water in that graph , given that H 2 O is an important and effective greenhouse gas .
The reason is that water exchanges very fast with the ground / ocean , so there 's no real memory in the water concentration ( with a partial exception for the stratosphere ) .
It varies rapidly in response to the weather .
Thus it becomes one of many feedback loops that are all folded into the climate sensitivity , rather than being viewed as a long - lived greenhouse gas .
Ok .
Now I 'm going to do something that will make any real climatologists scream , but I 'll argue it 's defensible .
Here 's the thing .
I need a model of the way carbon dioxide translates into temperature that 's blog friendly .
Later in this series , I want to be able to play with emissions scenarios , and see what they mean for temperature , and in the space of a blog post , where I might have 5 - 10 hours to work on it , I do n't want to have to download , learn , and run a global climate model that probably needs a supercomputer to run on anyway ( yep - you can get a real climate model and run it at home ) .
I want something simple and lightweight enough to be usable in this format .
But correct enough that it will keep us within the ( significant ) uncertainties of the problem .
Remember , we have 33 % uncertainty in the climate sensitivity overall , and the model spread in the 2001 IPCC report was even larger than that .
So here 's my braindead blog - friendly one dimensional climate model , which turns out to work amazingly well .
The idea is that we have an atmosphere coupled to a shallow ocean coupled to a deep ocean .
We apply a forcing .
The shallow ocean slowly starts to heat up .
Newton 's law of cooling suggests the heat flow should be proportional to the difference between the actual temperature of the ocean and the temperature that would be in equilibrium with the heat source ( the sun as filtered through the atmosphere ) .
That would imply that the shallow ocean would approach the new equilibrium temperature exponentially with a timescale of decades .
But there 's a complication .
The shallow ocean is exchanging heat with a much larger deep ocean , which cools it and makes it take longer to reach equilibrium .
So a simple model of that situation is that we take a sum of two exponentials - one with a short ( decades ) lifespan , and one with a long ( centuries ) lifespan , that together , when they asymptote , will give the full temperature rise specified by the climate sensitivity .
( In mathematical language , which you can safely ignore if it does n't make sense to you , I 'm going to convolute the forcing function with a sum of two ( 1 - e - t /l ) type terms , which together add up to the climate sensitivity at their asymptote .
One has a long life and one a short life . )
So , to calibrate this braindead model , I took a model run for GISS that only involved the greenhouse gas forcings since 1880 ( ie they turned off volcanoes , aerosols , etc ) .
Then I adjust the parameters to match it , given a climate sensitivity of 0.75 oC /W / m2 .
It turned out to work best to put 60 % of the heat into a 15 year lifetime process , and the rest into a 500 year process ( but the latter lifetime is not well constrained by the data as long as it's much greater than the first ) .
In the next picture , I plot this model , based on the greenhouse gas forcings above , and superimposed on the GISS model plot of the same thing .
You can see the braindead model cannot quite match the GISS line - there was no parametrization that would bend quite that sharply .
However , it 's pretty close , and certainly it 's well within the bounds of the uncertainty in the climate sensitivity .
The upper and lower lines are what the same model with the same parameters does if you just change the climate sensitivity up or down by 0.25 oC/W/m2
Fit of simple one - dimensional climate model applied to greenhouse gas forcings only , as compared to GISS model run in Hansen et al ( top right panel of Figure 10 ) .
Center red line is model for climate sensitivity of 0.75 oC /W/ m2 , while thinner lines above and below represent what the model would produce for climate sensitivities one standard deviation above and below the estimate .
Simple model agrees with GISS to within the uncertainties in the problem .
Ok .
So I 'm not claiming this is a great climatological model .
However , I claim it's an adequate one - it will get us by given how large the other uncertainties are in the forcings and how the climate responds to them , as long as we do n't try to extrapolate too far into the future , outside the domain it 's calibrated on .
And it 's blog - post friendly .
If we now turn to the full net forcing trace ( which I acquired the hard way ) , my 1D model does this , when compared to the UAE global temperature data :
Global average temperature 1880 - 2005 , together with five year moving average , and 1D model fits for climate sensitivity of 0.75 ± 0.25 oC /W / m2 .
Source : UEA CRU .
Not bad for a Model with Very Little Brain !
I did tweak my parameters somewhat in the face of this more demanding trace .
The model is now putting 70 % of the heat into a 11 year lifetime exponential ( instead of 60 % into a 15 year ) , and the rest into a 200 year exponential .
Also , I had no forcing data before 1880 to initialize the state of the model with , so I had to fake some up to get it started off in a reasonable manner .
Still and all , the degree of fit suggests the model is capturing the first order physics of what is going on adequately .
It 's not quite as good as GISS , but it sure was a hell of a lot cheaper to develop :-)
Alright !
Finally ( and believe me when I say that this post has been harder on me than on you ) , we get to figure out what our exponential , linear , and constant carbon emissions mean in temperature terms .
Recall that in The Carbon Economy post I made this plot :
Carbon emissions in Gt / year 1960 - 2004 , together with linear , exponential , and constant extrapolations through 2050 .
Click to enlarge .
Source : ORNL through 2002 .
2003 -2004 were estimated by scaling the 2002 numbers by the appropriate percentage increases in coal , oil , and natural gas from the BP annual production numbers .
Then , I estimated the resulting CO 2 concentrations .
What I 'm now going to do is hold all other forcings constant :
aerosols get neither better or worse ,
no major volcanic eruptions or nuclear wars
non-CO 2 greenhouse gases stay flat .
and just look at where temperature goes as a result of the different carbon emission scenarios .
First , here 's the additional climate forcing over the 2004 level in each scenario .
This can be contrasted to the approximately 2 W / mof net forcing to date .
Excess radiative forcing over 2004 level due to various carbon emissions scenarios .
All other forcings held constant .
Uses Table 1 of Hansen and Sato , 2000 for conversion formulae from CO 2 mixing ratios to radiative forcings .
And if we run those into my model with the same parameters as last time ( 70 % into the 11 year exponential , and 30 % into the 200 year one ) , we get :
Global average temperature 1880 - 2005 , together with one dimensional model fit ( as described in the text ) extrapolated to 2050 for the case of linear , constant , and exponential emissions ( all other forcings held constant after 2003 ) .
Data : UEA CRU .
A comparison with this figure from the Wikipedia ( repeated from above for your viewing convenience ) suggests the simple model is well within the range of global climate model projections from the 2001 IPCC report , giving us further confidence that it is a reasonable tool for use in scenario experiments .
Temperature increase over 2000 for eight global climate models in IPCC SRES A2 emissions scenario .
Source : Wikipedia .
Obviously , this model can't tell us detail on any other aspect of climate than global temperature , but that will probably serve our purposes here .
In the next post , we 'll talk about the emerging implications of that kind of warming , before moving on to talk about biomass flows in the economy ( which has certainly been given a new surge of interest by the President 's remarks yesterday evening ) .
From HaskellWiki
A Gentle Introduction to the Haskell XML Toolbox
The Haskell XML Toolbox ( HXT ) is a collection of tools for processing XML with Haskell .
The core component of the Haskell XML Toolbox is a domain specific language consisting of a set of combinators for processing XML trees in a simple and elegant way .
The combinator library is based on the concept of arrows .
The main component is a validating and namespace - aware XML Parser that supports the XML 1.0 Standard almost completely .
Extensions are a validator for RelaxNG and an XPath evaluator .
Background
The Haskell XML Toolbox is based on the ideas of HaXml and HXML , but introduces a more general approach for processing XML with Haskell .
HXT uses a generic data model for representing XML documents , including the DTD subset , entity references , CData parts and processing instructions .
This data model makes it possible to use tree transformation functions as a uniform design of XML processing steps from parsing , DTD processing , entity processing , validation , namespace propagation , content processing and output .
HXT has grown over the years .
Components for XPath , XSLT , validation with RelaxNG , picklers for conversion from / to native Haskell data , lazy parsing with tagsoup , input via curl and native Haskell HTTP and others have been added .
This has led to a rather large package with a lot of dependencies .
To make the toolbox more modular and to reduce the dependencies on other packages , hxt has been split into various smaller packages since version 9.0.0 .
Resources
Home Page and Repository
HXT
The project home for HXT HXT on GitHub
The git source repository on github for all HXT packages
Packages
All packages are available on Hackage .
HXT - related packages
hxt
The package hxt forms the core of the toolbox .
It contains a validating XML parser and a HTML parser , which tries to read any text as HTML , a DSL for processing , transforming and generating XML / HTML , and so called pickler for conversion from / to XML and native Haskell data .
HandsomeSoup HandsomeSoup adds CSS selectors to HXT .
hxt -css Another CSS selector engine for HXT .
hxt - http Native HTTP support is contained in hxt - http and depends on package HTTP .
hxt - curl HTTP support via libCurl and package curl is in hxt -curl .
hxt - tagsoup
The lazy tagsoup parser can be found in package hxt - tagsoup , only this package depends on Neil Mitchell 's tagsoup .
hxt - xpath hxt - xslt hxt - relaxng The XPath- , XSLT - and RelaxNG - extensions are separated into hxt - xpath , hxt - xslt and hxt - relaxng .
More general packages
There are some basic functionalities , which are not only of interest for HXT , but can be useful for other none XML / HTML related projects .
These have been separated too .
hxt - charproperties defines XML - and Unicode character class properties .
hxt - unicode contains decoding function from various encoding schemes to Unicode .
The difference of these functions compared to most of those available on hackage are , that these functions are lazy even in the case of encoding errors ( thanks to Henning Thielemann ) .
hxt - regex - xmlschema contains a lightweight and efficient regex - library .
There is full Unicode support , the standard syntax defined in the XML - Schema doc is supported , and there are extensions available for intersection , difference , exclusive OR .
The package is self contained , no other regex library is required .
The Wiki page Regular expressions for XML Schema describes the theory behind this regex library and the extensions and gives some usage examples .
hxt - cache A cache for storing parsed XML / HTML pages in binary from .
This is used in the Holumbus searchengine framework and the Hayoo !
API search for speeding up the repeated indexing of pages .
Installation
When installing hxt with cabal , one does not have to deal with all the basic packages .
Just a cabal install hxt does the work for the core toolbox .
When HTTP access is required , install at least one of the packages hxt - curl or hxt - http .
All other packages can be installed on demand any time later .
Upgrade from HXT versions < 9.0
HXT - 9 is not downwards compatible .
The splitting into smaller packages required some internal reorganisation and changes of some type declarations .
To use the main features of the core package , import Text.XML.HXT .
Core instead of Text.XML.HXT .
Arrow .
The second major change was the kind of configuration and option handling .
This was done previously by lists of key - value - pairs implemented as strings .
The growing number of options and the untyped option values have led to unreliable code .
With HXT - 9 , options are represented in a more type - safe manner by functions instead of strings , so option handling has to be modified when switching to the new version .
For examples , see copyXML and Pattern for a main program below .
The basic concepts
The basic data structures
Processing of XML is a task of processing tree structures .
This is can be done in Haskell in a very elegant way by defining an appropriate tree data type , a Haskell DOM ( document object model ) structure .
The tree structure in HXT is a rose tree with a special XNode data type for storing the XML node information .
The generally useful tree structure ( NTree ) is separated from the node type ( XNode ) .
This allows for reusing the tree structure and the tree traversal and manipulation functions in other applications .
data NTree a = NTree a [ NTree a ] -- rose tree data XNode = XText String -- plain text node | ... | XTag QName XmlTrees -- element name and list of attributes | XAttr QName -- attribute name | ... type QName = ... -- qualified name type XmlTree = NTree XNode type XmlTrees = [ XmlTree ]
The concept of filters
Selecting , transforming and generating trees often requires routines which compute not only a single result tree , but a possibly empty list of ( sub - ) trees .
This leads to the idea of XML filters like in HaXml .
Filters are functions which take an XML tree as input and compute a list of result trees :
type XmlFilter = XmlTree -> [ XmlTree ]
More generally , we can define a filter as :
type Filter a b = a -> [ b ]
XmlFilter
We will do this abstraction later when introducing arrows .
Many of the functions in the following motivating examples can be generalized this way .
But for getting the idea , theis sufficient .
( . )
The filter functions are used so frequently that the idea of defining a domain specific language with filters as the basic processing units comes up .
In such a DSL the basic filters are predicates , selectors , constructors and transformers , all working on the HXT DOM tree structure .
For a DSL it becomes necessary to define an appropriate set of combinators for building more complex functions from simpler ones .
Of course filter composition , like , becomes one of the most frequently used combinators .
There are more complex filters for traversal of a whole tree and selection or transformation of several nodes .
We will see a few first examples in the following part .
False
True
To build filters from pure functions , we need a way to lift them to filters .
For predicates this is done by mappingto the empty list andto a singleton list containing the input tree :
p :: XmlTree ->
Bool -- pure function p t = ... pf :: XmlTree -> [ XmlTree ] -- or XmlFilter pf t | p t = [ t ] | otherwise = [ ]
isA
The combinator for this kind of lifting is called , and it works on any type .
It is defined as :
isA :: ( a -> Bool ) -> ( a -> [ a ] ) isA p x | p x = [ x ] | otherwise = [ ]
As an example , a predicate for filtering text nodes looks like this :
isXText :: XmlTree ->
Bool is XText ( NTree ( XText _ ) _ ) = True is XText _ = False isXTextF :: XmlFilter -- XmlTree -> [ XmlTree ] is XTextF = isA is XText
Transformers , i.e. functions that map a tree into another tree , are lifted in a trivial way via singleton lists :
f :: XmlTree ->
XmlTree f t = exp ( t ) ff :: XmlTree -> [ XmlTree ] ff t = [ exp ( t ) ]
arr
Control .
Arrow
base
f :: XmlTree ->
XmlTree f t | p t = expr ( t ) | otherwise = error " f not defined " ff :: XmlFilter ff t | p t = [ expr ( t ) ] | otherwise = [ ]
This basic function is called , it comes from themodule of thepackage of GHC .
Partial functions , i.e functions that can't always compute a result , are usually lifted to totally defined filters where illegal arguments are mapped to the empty list :
When processing trees , there 's often the case that no result , exactly one result , or more than one result is possible .
These functions , returning a set of results , are often a bit imprecisely called non-deterministic functions .
Such functions , e.g. selecting all children of a node or all grandchildren , are exactly our filters .
In this context , lists instead of sets of values are the appropriate result type , because the ordering in XML is important and duplicates are possible .
Examples for working with non-deterministic functions are selecting the children and the grandchildren of an XmlTree , which can be implemented as follows :
getChildren :: XmlFilter getChildren ( NTree n cs ) = cs getGrandChildren :: XmlFilter getGrandChildren ( NTree n cs ) = concat [ getChildren c | c <- cs ]
Working with filters is rather similar to working with binary relations , which is rather natural and comfortable , database people know this very well .
Filter combinators
( >>> )
Composition of filters , like function composition , is the most important combinator .
We will use the infix operatorfor filter composition and reverse the arguments , so we can read composition sequences from left to right , like pipes in Unix .
Composition is defined as follows :
( >>> ) :: XmlFilter -> XmlFilter -> XmlFilter ( f >>> g ) t = concat [ g t' | t ' <- f t ]
( >>> )
getGrandChildren
This definition corresponds 1:1 to the composition of binary relations .
With the help of theoperator , the definition ofbecomes rather simple :
getGrandChildren :: XmlFilter getGrandChildren = getChildren >>> getChildren
( >>> )
Selecting all text nodes of the children of an element can also be formulated very easily with the help of
getTextChildren :: XmlFilter getTextChildren = getChildren >>> is XText
( >>> )
isA p1 >>> is A p2
( >>> )
( <+> )
When used to combine predicate filters , theserves as a logical " and " operator or , from the relational view , as an intersection operator : selects all values for which p1 and p2 both hold .
The dual operator tois , the logical " or " for filters :
( <+> ) :: XmlFilter -> XmlFilter -> XmlFilter ( f <+> g ) t = f t ++ g t -- not literally ++ , rather the set union operator -- so without duplicates
( >>> )
( <+> )
Combining elementary filters withandleads to more complex functionality .
For example , selecting all text nodes within two levels of depth ( in left to right order ) can be formulated with :
getTextChildren2 :: XmlFilter getTextChildren2 = getChildren >>> ( is XText <+> ( getChildren >>> is XText ) )
Exercise : Are these filters equivalent ?
If not , what is the difference ?
getChildren >>> ( is XText <+> ( getChildren >>> is XText ) ) ( getChildren >>> is XText ) <+> ( getChildren >>> getChildren >>> is XText )
orElse
Of course we need choice combinators , too .
The first idea is an if - then - else filter , built from three simpler filters .
But often it 's easier and more elegant to work with simpler binary combinators for choice .
So we will introduce the simpler ones first .
One of these choice combinators is calledand is defined as follows :
orElse :: XmlFilter -> XmlFilter ->
XmlFilter orElse f g t | null res1 = g t | otherwise = res1 where res1 = f t
f
f
g
g ` guards ` f
f ` when ` g
Ifcomputes a non-empty list as result , succeeds and this list is the result .
Otherwiseis applied to the input , and this yields the overall result .
There are two other simple choice combinators usually written in infix notation , and , which are useful when transforming and manipulating trees :
guards :: XmlFilter -> XmlFilter ->
XmlFilter guards g f t | null ( g t ) = [ ] | otherwise = f t when :: XmlFilter -> XmlFilter ->
XmlFilter when f g t | null ( g t ) = [ t ] | otherwise = f t
Tree traversal filter
A very basic operation on tree structures is the traversal of all nodes and the selection and / or transformation of nodes .
These traversal filters serve as control structures for processing whole trees .
They correspond to the map and fold combinators for lists .
The simplest traversal filter does a top down search of all nodes with a special feature .
This filter , called deep , is defined as follows :
deep :: XmlFilter ->
XmlFilter deep f = f ` orElse ` ( getChildren >>> deep f )
When a predicate filter is applied to deep , a top down search is done and all subtrees satisfying the predicate are collected .
The descent into the tree stops when a subtree is found , because of the use of orElse .
Example : Selecting all plain text nodes of a document can be formulated with :
deep is XText
Example : Selecting all " top level " tables in a HTML documents looks like this :
deep ( is Elem >>> hasName " table " )
A variant of deep , called multi , performs a complete search , where the tree traversal does not stop when a node is found .
multi :: XmlFilter -> XmlFilter multi f = f <+> ( getChildren >>> multi f )
Example : Selecting all tables in a HTML document , even nested ones , multi has to be used instead of deep :
multi ( isElem >>> hasName " table " )
Arrows
a -> [ b ]
We 've already seen that the filtersare a very powerful and sometimes a more elegant way to process XML than pure functions , which is the good news .
The bad news is that filters are not general enough .
We e.g. want to do some I/O while staying at the filter level , so for the IO monad we need something like :
type XmlIOFilter = XmlTree -> IO [ XmlTree ]
Sometimes it 's appropriate to thread some state through the computation like in state monads , which leads to a type like :
type XmlStateFilter state = state -> XmlTree -> ( state , [ XmlTree ])
Real - world applications might need both extensions at the same time :
Of course I/ O is necessary but usually there are also some global options and variables for controlling the computations .
In HXT for instance there are variables for controlling trace output , options for setting the default encoding scheme for input data and a base URI for accessing documents , which are addressed in a content or in a DTD part by relative URIs .
So we need something like :
type XmlIOStateFilter state = state -> XmlTree -> IO ( state , [ XmlTree ] )
deep
deepST
deepIO
deepIOST
newtype
class
newtype
XmlTree
We want to work with all four filter variants , and in the future perhaps with even more general filters , but of course not with four sets of filter names , e.g..
This is the point wheres andes come in .
Classes are needed for overloading names ands are needed to declare instances .
Furthermore , the restriction ofas the argument and result type is not necessary and hinders reuse in many cases .
A filter as discussed above has all features of an arrow .
Arrows are introduced for generalizing the concept of functions and function combination to more general kinds of computation .
A basic set of combinators for arrows is defined in the classes in the Control .
Arrow module , containing the above mentioned ( >>> ) , ( <+>) and arr .
In HXT , the additional classes for filters working with lists as the result type are defined in Control .
Arrow .
ArrowList .
The choice operators are in Control .
Arrow .
ArrowIf , tree filters ( like getChildren , deep , or multi ) in Control .
Arrow .
ArrowTree , and the elementary XML - specific filters in Text.XML.HXT.XmlArrow .
In HXT , there are four types instantiated with these classes for pure list arrows , list arrows with a state , list arrows with IO and list arrows with a state and IO .
newtype LA a b = LA { runLA :: ( a -> [ b ] ) } newtype SLA s a b = SLA { runSLA :: ( s -> a -> ( s , [ b ] ) ) } newtype IOLA a b = IOLA { runIOLA :: ( a -> IO [ b ] ) } newtype IOSLA s a b = IOSLA { runIOSLA :: ( s -> a -> IO ( s , [ b ] ) ) }
The first and last one are those used most frequently in the toolbox , and of course there are lifting functions for converting general arrows into more specific arrows .
Do n't worry about all these conceptual details .
Let 's have a look at some Hello world examples .
Getting started : Hello world examples
copyXML
The first complete example is a program for copying an XML document :
module Main where import System .
Environment import Text.XML.HXT .Core import Text.XML.HXT .Curl main :: IO ( ) main = do [ src , dst ] <- getArgs runX $ readDocument [ withValidate no , withCurl [ ] ] src >>> writeDocument [ withIndent yes , withOutputEncoding isoLatin1 ] dst return ()
runX
readDocument
writeDocument
The interesting part of this example is the call of , which executes an arrow .
This arrow is one of the more powerful list arrows with IO and an HXT system state .
The arrow itself is a composition ofand
readDocument
src
withCurl [ ]
withCurl
import Text.XML.HXT .
Curl
is an arrow for reading , DTD processing and validation of documents .
Its behaviour can be controlled by a list of system options .
Here we turn off the validation step .
The , a file name or an URI , is read and parsed and a document tree is built .
The input optionenables reading via HTTP .
For using this option , the extra package hxt - curl must be installed , andmust be imported by .
If only file access is necessary , this option and the import can be dropped .
In that case the program does not depend on the libcurl binding .
withIndent
withOutputEncoding
writeDocument
dst
Text .
XML . HXT .
Arrow .
XmlState .
SystemConfig
The tree is theninto the output arrow , which is once again controlled by a set of system options .
Theoption controls the output formatting ( here indentation is switched on ) and theoption switches the output to the ISO - Latin1 encoding .
converts the tree into a string and writes it to .
The available options for reading and writing can be found in the module
We 've omitted the boring stuff of option parsing and error handling .
Compilation and a test run looks like this :
hobel > ghc -- make -o copyXml CopyXML.hs hobel > cat hello.xml < hello>< haskell> world</haskell ></hello > hobel > copyXml hello.xml - <?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " ISO - 8859 - 1 " ?> < hello > < haskell > world </haskell > </hello > hobel >
The mini XML document in file hello.xml is read , and a document tree is built .
Then this tree is converted into a string and written to standard output ( filename : - ) .
It is decorated with an XML declaration containing the version and the output encoding .
For processing HTML documents there is a HTML parser which tries to parse and interpret almost anything as HTML .
This can be selected by using :
readDocument [ withParseHTML yes , ... ]
Pattern for a main program
A more realistic pattern for a simple Unix filter like program has the following structure :
module Main where import Text.XML.HXT .
Core import Text.XML.HXT .... -- further HXT packages import System .IO import System .
Environment import System.Console.GetOpt import System .
Exit main :: IO ( ) main = do argv <- getArgs ( al , src , dst ) <- cmdlineOpts argv [ rc ] <- runX ( application al src dst ) if rc >= c_err then exitWith ( ExitFailure ( 0 - 1 ) ) else exitWith ExitSuccess -- | the dummy for the boring stuff of option evaluation , -- usually done with ' System.Console.GetOpt ' cmdlineOpts :: [ String ] ->
IO ( SysConfigList , String , String ) cmdlineOpts argv = return ( [ withValidate no ] , argv !!
0 , argv !!
1 ) -- | the main arrow application :: SysConfigList -> String -> String -> IOSArrow b Int application cfg src dst = configSysVars cfg -- ( 0 ) >>> readDocument [ ] src >>> processChildren ( processDocumentRootElement ` when ` isElem ) -- ( 1 ) >>> writeDocument [ ] dst -- ( 3 ) >>> getErrStatus -- | the dummy for the real processing : the identity filter processDocumentRootElement :: IOSArrow XmlTree XmlTree processDocumentRootElement = this -- substitute this by the real application
This program has the same functionality as our first example , but it separates the arrow from the boring option evaluation and return code computation .
In line ( 0 ) the system is configured with the list of options .
These options are then used as defaults for all read and write operation .
The options can be overwritten for single read / write calls by putting config options into the parameter list of the read / write function calls .
The interesing line is ( 1 ) .
readDocument generates a tree structure with a so called extra root node .
This root node is a node above the XML document root element .
The node above the XML document root element is neccessary because of possible other elements on the same tree level as the XML root , for instance comments , processing instructions or whitespace .
Furthermore the artificial root node serves for storing meta information about the document in the attribute list , like the document name , the encoding scheme , the HTTP transfer headers and other information .
To process the real XML root element , we have to take the children of the root node , select the XML root element and process this , but remain all other children unchanged .
This is done with processChildren and the when choice operator .
processChildren applies a filter elementwise to all children of a node .
All results form processing the list of children from the result node .
The structure of internal document tree can be made visible e.g. by adding the option withShowTree yes to the writeDocument arrow in ( 3 ) .
This will emit the tree in a readable text representation instead of the real document .
In the next section we will give examples for the processDocumentRootElement arrow .
Tracing
There are tracing facilities to observe the actions performed and to show intermediate results
application :: SysConfigList -> String -> String -> IOSArrow b Int application cfg src dst = configSysVars ( withTrace 1 : cfg ) -- ( 0 ) >>> traceMsg 1 " start reading document " -- ( 1 ) >>> readDocument [ ] src >>> traceMsg 1 " document read , start processing " -- ( 2 ) >>> processChildren ( processDocumentRootElement ` when ` isElem ) >>> traceMsg 1 " document processed " -- ( 3 ) >>> writeDocument [ ] dst >>> getErrStatus
In ( 0 ) the system trace level is set to 1 , in default level 0 all trace messages are suppressed .
The three trace messages ( 1 ) - ( 3 ) will be issued , but also readDocument and writeDocument will log their activities .
How a whole document and the internal tree structure can be traced , is shown in the following example
... >>> processChildren ( processDocumentRootElement ` when ` isElem ) >>> withTraceLevel 4 ( traceDoc " resulting document " ) -- ( 1 ) >>> ...
In ( 1 ) the trace level is locally set to the highest level 4 . traceDoc will then issue the trace message , the document formatted as XML , and the internal DOM tree of the document .
Selection examples
Selecting text from an HTML document
Selecting all the plain text of an XML / HTML document can be formulated with
selectAllText :: ArrowXml a => a XmlTree XmlTree selectAllText = deep isText
deep traverses the whole tree , stops the traversal when a node is a text node ( isText ) and returns all the text nodes .
There are two other traversal operators deepest and multi , In this case , where the selected nodes are all leaves , these would give the same result .
Selecting text and ALT attribute values
Let 's take a bit more complex task :
We want to select all text , but also the values of the alt attributes of image tags .
selectAllTextAndAltValues :: ArrowXml a => a XmlTree XmlTree selectAllTextAndAltValues = deep ( isText -- ( 1 ) <+> ( is Elem >>> hasName " img " -- ( 2 ) >>> getAttrValue " alt " -- ( 3 ) >>> mkText -- ( 4 ) ) )
The whole tree is searched for text nodes ( 1 ) and for image elements ( 2 ) , from the image elements the alt attribute values are selected as plain text ( 3 ) , this text is transformed into a text node ( 4 ) .
Selecting text and ALT attribute values ( 2 )
Let 's refine the above filter one step further .
The text from the alt attributes shall be marked in the output by surrounding double square brackets .
Empty alt values shall be ignored .
selectAllTextAndRealAltValues :: ArrowXml a => a XmlTree XmlTree selectAllTextAndRealAltValues = deep ( isText <+> ( is Elem >>> hasName " img " >>> getAttrValue " alt " >>> is A significant -- ( 1 ) >>> arr addBrackets -- ( 2 ) >>> mkText ) ) where significant :: String ->
Bool significant = not .
all ( ` elem ` "
\r\t " ) addBrackets :: String -> String addBrackets s = " [ [ " ++ s ++ " ] ] "
This example shows two combinators for building arrows from pure functions .
The first one isA removes all empty or whitespace values from alt attributes ( 1 ) , the other arr lifts the editing function to the arrow level ( 2 ) .
Document construction examples
The Hello World document
The first document , of course , is a Hello World document :
helloWorld :: ArrowXml a => a XmlTree XmlTree helloWorld = mkelem " html " [ ] -- ( 1 ) [ mkelem " head " [ ] [ mkelem " title " [ ] [ txt " Hello World " ] -- ( 2 ) ] , mkelem " body " [ sattr " class " " haskell " ] -- ( 3 ) [ mkelem " h1 " [ ] [ txt " Hello World " ] -- ( 4 ) ] ]
The main arrows for document construction are mkelem and it's variants ( selem , aelem , eelem ) for element creation , attr and sattr for attributes and mktext and txt for text nodes .
mkelem takes three arguments , the element name ( or tag name ) , a list of arrows for the construction of attributes , not empty in ( 3 ) , and a list of arrows for the contents .
Text content is generated in ( 2 ) and ( 4 ) .
To write this document to a file use the following arrow
root [ ] [ helloWorld ] -- ( 1 ) >>> writeDocument [ withIndent yes ] " hello.xml " -- ( 2 )
When this arrow is executed , the helloWorld document is wrapped into a so called root node ( 1 ) .
This complete document is written to " hello.xml " ( 2 ) .
writeDocument and its variants always expect a whole document tree with such a root node .
Before writing , the document is indented ( withIndent yes ) ) by inserting extra whitespace text nodes , and an XML declaration with version and encoding is added .
If the indent option is not given , the whole document would appears on a single line :
<?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " UTF - 8 " ?> < html > < head > < title > Hello World < / title > </ head > < body class = " haskell " >
< h1 > Hello World </ h1 > </ body > </html >
The code can be shortened a bit by using some of the convenient functions :
helloWorld2 :: ArrowXml a => a XmlTree XmlTree helloWorld2 = selem " html " [ selem " head " [ selem " title " [ txt " Hello World " ] ] , mkelem " body " [ sattr " class " " haskell " ] [ selem " h1 " [ txt " Hello World " ] ] ]
In the above two examples the arrow input is totally ignored , because of the use of the constant arrow txt " ... " .
A page about all images within a HTML page
A bit more interesting task is the construction of a page containing a table of all images within a page inclusive image URLs , geometry and ALT attributes .
The program for this has a frame similar to the helloWorld program , but the rows of the table must be filled in from the input document .
In the first step we will generate a table with a single column containing the URL of the image .
imageTable :: ArrowXml a => a XmlTree XmlTree imageTable = selem " html " [ selem " head " [ selem " title " [ txt " Images in Page " ] ] , selem " body " [ selem " h1 " [ txt " Images in Page " ] , selem " table " [ collectImages -- ( 1 ) >>> genTableRows -- ( 2 ) ] ] ] where collectImages -- ( 1 ) = deep ( is Elem >>> hasName " img " ) genTableRows -- ( 2 ) = selem " tr " [ selem " td " [ getAttrValue " src " >>> mkText ] ]
With ( 1 ) the image elements are collected , and with ( 2 ) the HTML code for an image element is built .
Applied to http://www.haskell.org/
we get the following result ( at the time writing this page ) :
< html > < head > < title > Images in Page < / title > </head > < body > < h1 > Images in Page </ h1 > < table > < tr > <td>/haskellwiki_logo.png</td>
</tr> < tr> <td>/sitewiki/images/1/10/Haskelllogo-small.jpg</td>
</tr> < tr> <td>/haskellwiki_logo_small.png</td>
</tr> </table > </ body > </html >
When generating HTML , often there are constant parts within the page , in the example e.g. the page header .
It 's possible to write these parts as a string containing plain HTML and then read this with a simple XML contents parser called xread .
The example above could then be rewritten as
imageTable = selem " html " [ pageHeader , ... ] where pageHeader = constA " < head >< title > Images in Page < / title > </head > " >>> xread ...
xread is a very primitive arrow .
It does not run in the IO monad , so it can be used in any context , but therefore the error handling is very limited .
xread parses an XML element content .
A page about all images within a HTML page : 1 . Refinement
The next refinement step is the extension of the table such that it contains four columns , one for the image itself , one for the URL , the geometry and the ALT text .
The extended getTableRows has the following form :
genTableRows = selem " tr " [ selem " td " -- ( 1 ) [ this -- ( 1.1 ) ] , selem " td " -- ( 2 ) [ getAttrValue " src " >>> mkText >>> mkelem " a " -- ( 2.1 ) [ attr " href " this ] [ this ] ] , selem " td " -- ( 3 ) [ ( getAttrValue " width " &&& -- ( 3.1 ) getAttrValue " height " ) >>> arr2 geometry -- ( 3.2 ) >>> mkText ] , selem " td " -- ( 4 ) [ getAttrValue " alt " >>> mkText ] ] where geometry :: String -> String ->
String geometry " " " " = " " geometry w h = w ++ " x " ++ h
In ( 1 ) the identity arrow this is used for inserting the whole image element ( this value ) into the first column .
( 2 ) is the column from the previous example but the URL has been made active by embedding the URL in an A - element ( 2.1 ) .
In ( 3 ) there are two new combinators , ( &&& ) ( 3.1 ) is an arrow for applying two arrows to the same input and combine the results into a pair .
arr2 works like arr but it lifts a binary function into an arrow accepting a pair of values .
arr2 f is a shortcut for arr ( uncurry f ) .
So width and height are combined into an X11 like geometry spec . ( 4 ) adds the ALT - text .
A page about all images within a HTML page : 2 . Refinement
The generated HTML page is not yet very useful , because it usually contains relative HREFs to the images , so the links do not work .
We have to transform the SRC attribute values into absolute URLs .
This can be done with the following code :
imageTable2 :: IOStateArrow s XmlTree XmlTree imageTable2 = ... ... , selem " table " [ collectImages >>>
mkAbsImageRef -- ( 1 ) >>> genTableRows ] ... mkAbsImageRef :: IOStateArrow s XmlTree XmlTree -- ( 1 ) mkAbsImageRef = processAttrl ( mkAbsRef -- ( 2 ) ` when ` hasName " src " -- ( 3 ) ) where mkAbsRef -- ( 4 ) = replaceChildren ( xshow getChildren -- ( 5 ) >>> ( mkAbsURI ` orElse ` this ) -- ( 6 ) >>> mkText -- ( 7 ) )
The imageTable2 is extended by an arrow mkAbsImageRef ( 1 ) .
This arrow uses the global system state of HXT , in which the base URL of a document is stored .
For editing the SRC attribute value , the attribute list of the image elements is processed with process Attrl .
With the `when` hasName " src " only SRC attributes are manipulated ( 3 ) .
The real work is done in ( 4 ) :
The URL is selected with getChildren , a text node , and converted into a string ( xshow ) , the URL is transformed into an absolute URL with mkAbsURI ( 6 ) .
This arrow may fail , e.g. in case of illegal URLs .
In this case the URL remains unchanged ( `orElse` this ) .
The resulting String value is converted into a text node forming the new attribute value node ( 7 ) .
Because of the use of the global HXT state in mkAbsURI mkAbsRef and imageTable2 need to have the more specialized signature IOStateArrow s XmlTree XmlTree .
Transformation examples
Decorating external references of an HTML document
In the following examples , we want to decorate the external references in an HTML page by a small icon , like it 's done in many wikis .
For this task the document tree has to be traversed , all parts except the intersting A - Elements remain unchanged .
At the end of the list of children of an A - Element we add an image element .
Here is the first version :
addRefIcon :: ArrowXml a => a XmlTree XmlTree addRefIcon = processTopDown -- ( 1 ) ( addImg -- ( 2 ) ` when ` isExternalRef -- ( 3 ) ) where isExternalRef -- ( 4 ) = is Elem >>> hasName " a " >>> has Attr " href " >>> getAttrValue " href " >>> is A isExtRef where isExtRef -- ( 4.1 ) = is PrefixOf " http : " -- or something more precise addImg = replaceChildren -- ( 5 ) ( getChildren -- ( 6 ) <+> imgElement -- ( 7 ) ) imgElement = mkelem " img " -- ( 8 ) [ sattr " src " " /icons/ref.png " -- ( 9 ) , sattr " alt " " external ref " ] [ ] -- ( 10 )
The traversal is done with processTopDown ( 1 ) .
This arrow applies an arrow to all nodes of the whole document tree .
The transformation arrow applies the addImg ( 2 ) to all A -elements ( 3 ) , ( 4 ) .
This arrow uses a bit simplified test ( 4.1 ) for external URLs .
addImg manipulates all children ( 5 ) of the A-elements by selecting the current children ( 6 ) and adding an image element ( 7 ) .
The image element is constructed with mkelem ( 8 ) .
This takes an element name , a list of arrows for computing the attributes and a list of arrows for computing the contents .
The content of the image element is empty ( 10 ) .
The attributes are constructed with sattr ( 9 ) .
sattr ignores the arrow input and builds an attribute form the name value pair of arguments .
Transform external references into absolute references
In the following example we will develop a program for editing a HTML page such that all references to external documents ( images , hypertext refs , style refs , ... ) become absolute references .
We will see some new , but very useful combinators in the solution .
The task seems to be rather trivial .
In a tree traversal all references are edited with respect to the document base .
But in HTML there is a BASE element , allowed in the content of HEAD with a HREF attribute , which defines the document base .
Again this href can be a relative URL .
We start the development with the editing arrow .
This gets the real document base as argument .
mkAbsHRefs :: ArrowXml a => String -> a XmlTree XmlTree mkAbsHRefs base = processTopDown editHRef -- ( 1 ) where editHRef = processAttrl -- ( 3 ) ( changeAttrValue ( absHRef base ) -- ( 5 ) ` when ` hasName " href " -- ( 4 ) ) ` when ` ( isElem >>> hasName " a " ) -- ( 2 ) where absHRef :: String -> String -> String -- ( 5 ) absHRef base url = fromMaybe url .
expandURIString url $ base
The tree is traversed ( 1 ) and for every A element the attribute list is processed ( 2 ) .
All HREF attribute values ( 4 ) are manipulated by changeAttrValue called with a string function ( 5 ) .
expandURIString is a pure function defined in HXT for computing an absolute URI .
In this first step we only edit A - HREF attribute values .
We will refine this later .
The second step is the complete computation of the base URL .
computeBaseRef :: IOStateArrow s XmlTree String computeBaseRef = ( ( ( isElem >>> hasName " html " -- ( 0 ) >>> getChildren -- ( 1 ) >>> is Elem >>> hasName " head " -- ( 2 ) >>> getChildren -- ( 3 ) >>> is Elem >>> hasName " base " -- ( 4 ) >>> getAttrValue " href " -- ( 5 ) ) &&& getBaseURI -- ( 6 ) ) >>> expandURI -- ( 7 ) ) ` orElse ` getBaseURI -- ( 8 )
Input to this arrow is the HTML element , ( 0 ) to ( 5 ) is the arrow for selecting the BASE elements HREF value , parallel to this the system base URL is read with getBaseURI ( 6 ) like in examples above .
The resulting pair of strings is piped into expandURI ( 7 ) , the arrow version of expandURIString .
This arrow ( ( 1 ) to ( 7 ) ) fails in the absence of a BASE element .
in this case we take the plain document base ( 8 ) .
The selection of the BASE elements is not yet very handy .
We will define a more general and elegant function later , allowing an element path as selection argument .
In the third step , we will combine the to arrows .
For this we will use a new combinator ( $ <) .
The need for this new combinator is the following :
We need the arrow input ( the document ) two times , once for computing the document base , and second for editing the whole document , and we want to compute the extra string parameter for editing of course with the above defined arrow .
The combined arrow , our main arrow , looks like this :
toAbsRefs :: IOStateArrow s XmlTree XmlTree toAbsRefs = mkAbsHRefs $< computeBaseRef -- ( 1 )
In ( 1 ) first the arrow input is piped into computeBaseRef , this result is used in mkAbsHRefs as extra string parameter when processing the document .
Internally the ( $ <) combinator is defined by the basic combinators ( &&& ) , ( >>>) and app , but in a bit more complex computations , this pattern occurs rather frequently , so ( $ <) becomes very useful .
Programming with arrows is one style of point free programming .
Point free programming often becomes unhandy when values are used more than once .
One solution is the special arrow syntax supported by ghc and others , similar to the do notation for monads .
But for many simple cases the ( $ <) combinator and its variants ( $ < < ) , ( $ < <<) , ( $ < < <<) , ( $ <$ ) is sufficient .
To complete the development of the example , a last step is necessary : the removal of the redundant BASE element .
toAbsRefs :: IOStateArrow s XmlTree XmlTree toAbsRefs = ( mkAbsHRefs $< computeBaseRef ) >>> removeBaseElement removeBaseElement :: ArrowXml a => a XmlTree XmlTree removeBaseElement = processChildren ( processChildren ( none -- ( 1 ) ` when ` ( isElem >>> hasName " base " ) ) ` when ` ( isElem >>> hasName " head " ) )
In this function the children of the HEAD element are searched for a BASE element .
This is removed by aplying the null arrow none to the input , returning always the empty list .
none `when` ... is the pattern for deleting nodes from a tree .
The computeBaseRef function defined above contains an arrow pattern for selecting the right sub - tree that is rather common in HXT applications
isElem >>> hasName n 1 >>> getChildren >>> is Elem >>> hasName n 2 ... >>> getChildren >>> is Elem >>> hasName nm
For this pattern we will define a convenient function creating the arrow for selection :
getDescendents :: ArrowXml a => [ String ] -> a XmlTree XmlTree getDescendents = foldl1 ( \ x y -> x >>> getChildren >>> y ) -- ( 1 ) . map ( \ n -> is Elem >>> has Name n ) -- ( 2 )
The name list is mapped to the element checking arrow ( 2 ) , the resulting list of arrows is folded with getChildren into a single arrow .
computeBaseRef can then be simplified and becomes more readable :
computeBaseRef :: IOStateArrow s XmlTree String computeBaseRef = ( ( ( getDescendents [ " html " , " head " , " base " ] -- ( 1 ) >>> getAttrValue " href " -- ( 2 ) ) ... ...
An even more general and flexible technique can be found with the XPath expressions available for selection of document parts defined in the module Text .
XML.HXT.Arrow.XmlNodeSet .
With XPath computeBaseRef can be simplified to :
computeBaseRef = ( ( ( getXPathTrees " /html/head/ base " -- ( 1 ) >>> getAttrValue " href " -- ( 2 ) ) ...
Even the attribute selection can be expressed by XPath , so ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) can be combined into
computeBaseRef = ( ( xshow ( getXPathTrees " /html/head/base@href " ) ...
The extra xshow is here required to convert the XPath result , an XmlTree , into a string .
XPath defines a full language for selecting parts of an XML document .
Sometimes it is simpler to make selections of this type , but the XPath evaluation in general is more expensive in time and space than a simple combination of arrowsas we 've seen it in getDescendends .
Transform external references into absolute references : Refinement
In the above example only A - HREF URLs are edited .
Now we extend this to other element - attribute combinations .
mkAbsRefs :: ArrowXml a => String -> a XmlTree XmlTree mkAbsRefs base = processTopDown ( editRef " a " " href " -- ( 2 ) >>> editRef " img " " src " -- ( 3 ) >>> editRef " link " " href " -- ( 4 ) >>> editRef " script " " src " -- ( 5 ) ) where editRef en an -- ( 1 ) = processAttrl ( changeAttrValue ( absHRef base ) ` when ` hasName an ) ` when ` ( isElem >>> hasName en ) where absHRef :: String -> String ->
String absHRef base url = fromMaybe url .
expandURIString url $ base
editRef is parameterized by the element and attribute names .
The arrow applied to every element is extended to a sequence of editRef 's ( ( 2 ) - ( 5 ) ) .
Notice that the document is still traversed only once .
To process all possible HTML elements , this sequence should be extended by further element - attribute pairs .
This can further be simplified into
mkAbsRefs :: ArrowXml a => String -> a XmlTree XmlTree mkAbsRefs base = processTopDown editRefs where editRefs = foldl ( >>> ) this . map ( \ ( en , an ) -> editRef en an ) $ [ ( " a " , " href " ) , ( " img " , " src " ) , ( " link " , " href " ) , ( " script " , " src " ) -- and more ] editRef = ...
The foldl ( >>>) this is defined in HXT as seqA , so the above code can be simplified to
mkAbsRefs :: ArrowXml a => String -> a XmlTree XmlTree mkAbsRefs base = processTopDown editRefs where editRefs = seqA . map ( uncurry editRef ) $ ...
More complex examples
Serialization and deserialisation to / from XML
Examples can be found in HXT / Conversion of Haskell data from / to XML
Practical examples of HXT
More complex and complete examples of HXT in action can be found in HXT / Practical
The Complete Guide To Working With HTML
Tutorial and Walkthrough : http://adit.io/posts/2012-04-14-working_with_HTML_in_haskell.html
All this happened a hundred years ago to Jewish migrants seeking asylum in Britain .
The political movements with which they were closely associated were anarchism and later Bolshevism .
As in the case of contemporary political violence , or even the radical Islamism supported by a minority of British Muslims , anarchism and Bolshevism only commanded minority support among the Jewish community .
But shared countries of origin and a common ethnic and religious background were enough to create a racialised discourse whenever there were anarchist outrages in London in the early 20th century .
Most anarchists were peaceful , but a few resorted to violent attacks such as the bombing of Greenwich Observatory in 1894 - described at the time as an " international terrorist outrage " .
Anarchist violence was an international phenomenon .
In Europe it claimed hundreds of lives , including those of several heads of government , and resulted in anti- terrorism laws .
In the siege of Sidney Street in London in 1911 , police and troops confronted east European Jewish anarchists .
This violent confrontation in the heart of London created a racialised moral panic in which the whole Jewish community was stigmatised .
It was claimed that London was " seething " with violent aliens , and the British establishment was said to be " in a state of denial " .
East End Jews were said to be " alienated " , not " integrated " , and a " threat to our security " a long time before anyone dreamed up the phrase " Londonistan " .
Today the Middle East is the focus of a challenge to American political and economic hegemony , which is being presented as a " civilisational conflict with Islam " .
Nearly a century ago , the Russian revolution sent shockwaves through western states and financial markets .
Anti-semites argued that Jewish involvement in revolutionary politics was part of a conspiracy by " the homeless wandering Jew " to replace European states with their " Hebrew nation " .
Winston Churchill , as secretary of state for war in 1920 , wrote an article in the Illustrated Sunday Herald claiming there were three categories of Jews - good , bad and indifferent - and arguing that they were part of a " worldwide conspiracy for the overthrow of civilisation and for the reconstitution of society on the basis of arrested development " .
Jews were the first non-Christian , yet monotheistic , religious minority in Britain .
They are also one of its earliest " racialised " people .
Despite important differences , the treatment of British Jews provides an illuminating comparison with contemporary anti-Muslim racism .
There are recurring patterns in British society that racialise Jews and Muslims , which we need to understand if we are to develop an effective strategy for national security .
Jews and now Muslims have been and are the targets of cultural racism : differences arising from their religious culture are pathologised and systematically excluded from definitions of " being British " .
Both anti-semitism and anti-Muslim racism focus on belief in religious law to construct Jews and Muslims as a threat to the nation .
Pnina Werbner , professor of social anthropology at Keele University , argues that Jews are predominantly racialised as an assimilated threat to national interests emerging at moments of crisis .
Muslims are now being represented as a different kind of " folk devil " - a social group that is openly and aggressively trying to impose its religion on national culture .
This partially explains the recent concerns about multiculturalism .
" Anti-fundamentalist images provide racists with a legitimising discourse against Muslims , " as Werbner puts it , which is used by " intellectual elites as well as ' real ' violent racists " .
The Jewish - Muslim comparison reveals another recurring pattern in recent British history : the rapid collapse of security fears associated with a religious minority into a racialised discourse of " civilisation versus barbarism " .
The American philosopher William Connolly predicted after September 11 that " the terrorism of al - Qaida , in turn , generates new fears and hostilities .
The McCarthyism of our day will connect internal state security to an exclusionary version of the Judeo- Christian tradition " .
The ease with which security fears can generate " moral panics and folk devils " was recently highlighted at a conference organised by London mayor Ken Livingstone to debate the neoconservatives ' insistence that we now face a new clash of civilisation versus barbarism .
In London 's past , the East End British Brothers ' League carefully framed its objections using terms such as aliens , anarchists and Bolsheviks rather than Jews .
At last month 's conference , many cheered as if at a rally , as these new advocates of " civilisational conflict " worked hard to keep separate their categories of barbarian and civilised .
They cited Ayaan Hirsi Ali as their exemplar of a " good Muslim " , thus clarifying the " civilisation " they are encouraging Muslims to emulate .
Hirsi Ali , whose research is funded by the neo-conservative American Enterprise Institute , argues that the west should launch a war against Iran - with the prospect of the deaths of thousands more innocents - as it earlier agitated for war on Iraq .
The neocons want us to treat domestic security like the war against fascism .
This manipulation of Europe 's memory of its struggle against nazism mirrors the propaganda of some Muslims - the July 7 bombers who , citing Iraq , insisted that they were martyrs in a holy war ; and those who portray domestic anti-terrorism policy as a new western crusade against 1 billion Muslims .
The London mayor 's refusal to lapse into such " war talk " is one factor that has so far helped to prevent fear of domestic terrorism from collapsing into a racialised conflict of civilisations in the heart of diverse London .
This is not just about foreign neocon wars , or politically correct anti-racism , or multiculturalism - or even the defence of the human rights of British citizens who are Muslims .
It is about the security of all British citizens .
As Ken Macdonald , director of public prosecutions , warned last week , if we want to safeguard our security we must abandon delusions that we are fighting wars , and deal with terrorism in the context of criminal justice .
With more terror arrests inevitable , and the prospect of new anti-terrorism legislation any day , the need to grasp what is really going on could not be more urgent .
· Maleiha Malik is a lecturer in law at King 's College London .
· This is an edited version of lectures prepared for presentation at the Clash of Civilisations conference in London on January 20 and at Finchley Progressive Synagogue
law-feminismworkshop@kcl.ac.uk
This past weekend I gave a seminar at DePaul University on the topic of “ Knowledge worker effectiveness in organizations ” as part of the Master ’s Program in Applied Technology ( MAAT ) .
As I was heading out of the house Saturday morning , I decided to grab some of the key books that I thought were important if you were interested in becoming a better knowledge worker .
It provoked some interesting discussion and I promised the students that I would send them a bibliography of the books I had brought along .
This is certainly my own idiosyncratic view , but it may be useful to others , if only as a starting point for discussion .
Certainly , if you want to improve your skills as a knowledge worker , you are pretty much confined to some form of self - directed learning strategy .
I added a couple of titles I did n’t see as I was going out the door and decided to limit my suggestions to 25 titles and focus on books that were focused on the needs of the individual rather than the organization .
I suspect that you could complete this reading in less than a year if you chose to .
Although I did n’t do so on Saturday , I spent a little extra time to organize and categorize the list .
I also imposed some sense of the order that I would recommend to attack these titles over time .
As far as I can tell , most still appear to be in print or obtainable on - line .
The links here go to Amazon .
Learning , Mindfulness , and Reflection
The starting point for getting better at anything , including knowledge work , is to increase your capacity for learning from experience .
In organizational settings , this need for learning capacity is increased because organizational work rarely leaves time for practice and rehearsal .
You need to develop the capacity to learn while you are engaged in performance and in those little moments of downtime .
Here is where I would suggest you start .
Mindfulness
Langer , Ellen J .
Esther Dyson and Tom Davenport , among others , have argued that attention is the fundamental currency of the new economy .
“ Paying attention ” has acquired new meaning and significance .
In Mindfulness , Langer demonstrates what comprises attention and what the payoffs are when you direct it intelligently .
Learning to be more mindful is an absolutely essential step in any effort to improve your capabilities and performance as a knowledge worker
The Reflective Practitioner : How Professionals
Think in Action
Schon , Donald A .
Along with Chris Argyris , Schon was one of the scholars who defined the topic of organizational learning .
Here he examines professions such as architecture and management where the fundamental task is to formulate and apply new solutions to new problems .
To do that requires the skill of being able to reflect on and extract lessons from experience in a systematic and reliable way .
The Reflective Practitioner contains his recommendations on how to develop that skill .
Teaching As a Subversive Activity
Postman , Neil
Still available and in print , I got my hands on this book just as I was starting college .
Fortunately , I had gone to a private high school that fundamentally practiced what Postman was preaching , which was to equip students to question , evaluate , and interpret what they were told .
I found Postman ’s thinking and arguments insightful and thought - provoking even when I found myself disagreeing with them .
Years later I had a chance to meet Postman during a seminar at NYU and we ended up in an unsatisfying discussion about how you could influence the development and use of technology in responsible and useful ways .
I ’ve built my career on that assumption and Postman essentially rejected it as even feasible .
Regardless , this particular piece of thinking is one that I still return to from time to time to refresh myself on its advice on our responsibilities to be critical , self - directed , learners .
Learning As a Way of Being : Strategies for Survival in a World of Permanent White Water
Vaill , Peter B .
Peter Vaill is an organizational theorist and consultant .
In one of his other excellent books , Managing As a Performing Art : New Ideas for a World of Chaotic Change , Vaill introduced one of my favorite metaphors for the organizational world we can expect to occupy for the rest of our careers , “ permanent white water . ”
As much as we might wish to believe that the rapids we are in are simply a passing moment of thrill to be followed by calm waters , Vaill will convince you that the rapids are here to stay and that rather than simply hanging on until calm returns , we need to learn to navigate as best we can inside that reality .
Learning as a Way of Being starts from that permanent white water assumption and explores why and how we need to build learning into the very fabric of who and what we are .
Opportunities to coast on what we used to know will come less frequently and be shorter than ever .
Most of our systems designed to support learning are not yet up to the task of properly preparing us for that reality ; we must take on the responsibility ourselves .
Vaill is one of the key handbooks to help discharge that responsibility .
Filters Against Folly : How to Survive Despite Economists , Ecologists , and the Merely Eloquent
Hardin , Garrett
Garrett Hardin was a population biologist who became one of the leading thinkers and promoters of ecological approaches to problem solving .
He was the person who succeeded in describing and popularizing the notion of the “ Tragedy of the Commons ” in dealing with many kinds of resource management problems .
Although I had heard of the notion of the “ Tragedy of the Commons ” I had never linked it to Hardin or anyone else .
I first encountered Hardin ’s thinking in this small volume in the early 90s .
It is a cleaned up version of a series of public lectures Hardin offered about the appropriate relationship between experts and the public and was an effort to offset the notion that experts are people whose expertise is to be automatically deferred to by those who are not expert .
Living in a world that continues to defer to those who claim expertise , this book remains an important antidote .
First , no matter what our own expertise , we are always non-experts in many areas and fields that are consequential to us .
All of us would do well to understand how to engage with and interpret the work and recommendations of experts in ways that force the experts to be clear about the limits of their expertise and proposals .
As non-experts we need to become more aware of how the “ filters ” that different sorts of experts use to make sense of their fields not only produce important expert insights but also blind experts to other potential insights that will more than likely bear on making an appropriately informed decision about the questions at hand .
To make the general notion of filters concrete , Hardin takes a look at three basic filters that all of us encounter routinely as we engage in interactions between expert and non-expert , regardless of which role we are in today .
The first filter is the literate filter of language , which concerns itself with words and rhetoric .
Hardin offers ways to listen to and think about the language employed in expert settings in order to recognize when the language is being used to advance thought and when it is being used to cut off or stop thought .
Hardin ’s second filter is the numerate filter , which reduces the richness and generalities of the literate filter to more precise efforts to quantify “ how much , ” “ how fast , ” or “ how soon . ”
The numerate filter lets us make distinctions about such notions as levels of risk and how much cost is worth how much benefit .
Hardin ’s third filter is about applying ecological perspectives to questions .
He calls it an ecolate filter , but I prefer to think of it as a systems filter .
In addition to thinking about questions of language and of numbers , a systems filter focuses attention on questions of what happens next ; what are the consequences , both planned and intended versus those that are unplanned and , therefore , unintended that are likely to flow from a proposed change to some system .
While some of the specific examples in this book have grown a bit dated with time , the underlying argument and the recommended habits of mind are both worth investing time in understanding .
Improv Wisdom : Do n’t Prepare , Just Show Up
Madson , Patricia Ryan
One of the peculiar aspects of knowledge work in most organizations is that there is never a time to practice or rehearse .
In many other diverse fields , the value and importance of practice is understood and built in .
Athletes , Actors , Singers , Soldiers , and Surgeons are all expected to practice their craft as a central part of their training and development .
Many continue to practice in parallel with their performance .
In the settings that most knowledge workers operate in , it is always performance time .
If learning is an essential aspect of knowledge work , we must find and invent ways to practice while we perform and to extract lessons from future performance from past .
One intriguing path to explore here is to look at another area where performance is unscripted –improvisational theater .
This is one of several recent efforts to make this link between the world of improv and the world of work that most of us occupy .
It sketches the world and practice of improv that shed light on how that craft might translate into other realms .
It also offers pointers deeper into the world of improv should you find the path worth exploring more deeply .
How to Read a Book
Adler , Mortimer Jerome
You have to respect a book that is still in print after first being published in 1940 .
This one is well worth the time even if for no other reason than to make the point that reading is an active intellectual task not a passive one .
Beyond that , however , Adler and Van Doren provide an overall scheme and a set of habits for getting the most out of what you read .
Writing
Although the quality of writing skills I encounter out of too many schools continues to decline , writing remains one of the core skills for the knowledge economy .
Your skill matters both as a tool for cementing your own understanding and as a way to communicate what you know to those who would benefit from knowing what you know .
If you are willing to work at it and willing to seek out critical feedback , writing is something that you can improve .
These are books I ’ve found helpful in my development as a writer and are ones that I return to again and again .
Writing Without Teachers .
Elbow , Peter
I ’ve been writing for most of my life .
This book introduced me to one distinction and one practice that has helped my writing processes tremendously .
The distinction is between the creative mind and the critical mind .
While you need to employ both to get to a finished result , they cannot work in parallel no matter how much we might like to think so .
Trying to criticize writing on the fly is possibly the single greatest barrier to writing that most of us encounter .
If you are listening to that 5th grade English teacher correct your grammar while you are trying to capture a fleeting thought , the thought will die .
If you capture the fleeting thought and simply share it with the world in raw form , no one is likely to understand .
You must learn to create first and then critique if you want to make writing the tool for thinking that it is .
The practice that can help you past your learned bad habits of trying to edit as you write is what Elbow calls “ free writing . ”
In free writing , the objective is to get words down on paper non-stop , usually for 15 - 20 minutes .
No stopping , no going back , no criticizing .
The goal is to get the words flowing .
As the words begin to flow , the ideas will come out from the shadows and let themselves be captured on your notepad or your screen .
Now you have raw materials that you can begin to work with using the critical mind that you ’ve persuaded to sit on the side and watch quietly .
Most likely , you will believe that this will take more time than you actually have and you will end up staring blankly at the page as the deadline hurtles toward you .
Trust Elbow .
Instead of staring at a blank screen start filling it with words no matter how bad .
Halfway through your available time , stop and rework your raw mind - dump into something closer to finished product .
Alternate back and forth until you run out of time ( and end on a critiquing cycle ) and the final result will most likely be far better than your current practices .
Bird by Bird : Some Instructions on Writing and Life
Lamott , Anne
Reading books about writing is always a safe escape from the act itself .
The key is to limit yourself to the really good books about it .
Lamott ’s “ Bird by Bird ” is clearly in Sturgeon ’s 10 % of what ’s best .
Her advice is consistent with what I ’ve learned from multiple sources I trust and my own experience .
She has an acerbic wit you would want muttering next to you at a cocktail party rather then muttering about you from across the room .
She also has a collection of useful tips and tricks to add to my toolkit .
Perhaps my favorite is “ write shitty first drafts . ”
Weinberg on Writing : The Fieldstone Method
Weinberg , Gerald M .
A frequent pastime for all writers and aspiring writers is to read books of advice on how to write .
That briefly postpones the inevitable encounter with the blank page or blank screen we are trying to avoid .
Most of these books are marginal , some are useful , and a handful prove to be essential .
This has the markings of one that may become essential .
Weinberg has produced 30 - plus books and 100s of articles over his career .
He has also combined a career that started out dealing with technology and transformed to dealing with organizations and the behavior of the people in them .
That mixture leads to a view about the practice of writing that is among the most actionable and most aligned with the world I find myself in than anything I have yet encountered .
Weinberg is not concerned with the mechanics of writing or particularly with the low - level details .
Instead , his focus is on how to integrate the process of writing into the rest of your daily world in a way that makes each better .
Design , Problem Definition , and Problem Solving
We are all exploring new territories .
There are few maps and few reliable tools .
All of us , then , are called on to take on responsibilities for blazing our own trails and developing the tools and techniques we need as we travel .
That makes a deeper understanding of design , problem definition , and problem solving techniques something we all need to develop and continue to develop over time .
Here is where I started and where I continue to draw insight .
The Mind Map Book : How to Use Radiant Thinking to Maximize Your Brain ’s Untapped Potential
Buzan , Tony
The term is a bit “ new - agey ” for my tastes , but the technique should definitely be in your bag of tricks .
Others call mind - maps “ spider charts ” or “ chunking . ”
Whatever the term , it ’s one of those “ coloring outside the lines ” kind of insights and this is the definitive book on the technique .
Do n’t get too wrapped up in the artistic advice .
You can get 80 % of the value from mind - maps out of simple black and white .
Conceptual Blockbusting : A Guide to Better Ideas Fourth Edition
Adams , James L .
I discovered one of the early editions of this book many years ago .
As you might suspect of any book that has reached a fourth edition , Conceptual Blockbusting is full of practical advice on how to set up and think about problems in ways that increase the chances of finding or inventing not only a solution but generally several good to excellent solutions .
Adams also has lots of insight about how our habits of mind interfere with generating ideas and advice on how to replace those habits with ones that contribute to better ideas .
Notes on the Synthesis of Form
Alexander , Christopher
Christopher Alexander is a mathematician turned architect .
Over the years his work has gathered something of a cult following both in architecture circles and in systems design and development circles .
The work that initially grew of of this little book grew to a wide - ranging discourse on the notion of Pattern and Pattern Languages that Alexander developed to help him better understand how people shape their environment to their needs in ways that are both functional and emotionally satisfying .
Like most of his work , Notes on the Synthesis of Form can often be dense .
On the other hand , I have found Alexander ’s thinking to be something I always find worth the effort .
This was one of the first books I read that started me on the path of considering both the central role of “ design ” in matching technology , people , and environment and the notion that all of us should think of ourselves as designers rather than allow design to become the province of yet one more category of experts .
Are Your Lights On ? : How to Figure Out What the Problem Really Is
Gause , Donald C .
Almost all of our training and experience is focused on how to get the answer ; how to find a solution to a well - defined problem .
In real life , most of our time is spent trying to fit the current mess around us into something that looks like a problem we might know how to solve .
In Are Your Lights On ? Gause and Weinberg offer one of the few books ( and fortunately one of the best ) on ways that you might go about investigating , understanding , and defining what you are dealing with to turn the present mess into a problem that can , in fact , be solved .
The Design of Everyday Things
Norman , Donald A .
We live in a designed world .
90 % or more of what we encounter on a daily basis consists of objects , structures , and processes designed by someone else intended to influence our behavior in a particular direction .
Sometimes our encounters with the designed world or benign and even pleasant .
The designs make our experience easier or more satisfying .
All too often , though , our encounters with the world around us are a source of frustration and exasperation , whether we are dealing with a voice mail system from hell or trying to figure out which funny symbol on a sign will lead us to the appropriate restroom .
Norman is a cognitive scientist who began to study and explore how designed objects connect with us as human beings and how choices made in their designs either help or hinder their effective use .
This book will help you understand how design impacts your daily life and suggest how you might want to think as a designer in your own knowledge work .
The Creative Habit : Learn
It and Use It for Life
Tharp , Twyla
For me a recurring theme in developing skill as a knowledge worker is that we all need to take whatever talent for creativity we were gifted with and develop it as far was we can .
We live in a world that demands on insight and creativity from all of us .
We can not sit back and wait for someone else to frame the question and design a solution for us to implement .
We all have to contribute to the earliest stages of the creative processes and stay connected and engaged with the process through to the end .
Tharp is among the most creative choreographers alive today and this book is a remarkable blend of practices , tricks , techniques , perspectives , and personal reflections on what it means to accept the responsibility to turn creative talents into creative habits .
For Tharp , being creative is her job and she shares insights and advice about what that translates too in terms of disciplines and habits of work and preparation that deliver creativity when you need .
Tharp cannot afford the luxury of waiting for the creative muse to strike .
In her world , that is simply an excuse to stall and avoid responsibility .
Whether we like it or not , or know it or not , we now live in that same world and we would all do well to listen to and act on her experience and advice .
Management and Consulting Skills
As knowledge workers we are all consultants at some level .
We must take responsibility for managing our own work and we must work with our clients ( whether they are inside or outside of our organization ) to collaboratively agree on what must be done by when .
This requires skills for project planning and management that few of us are called on to develop and skills for operating adroitly within complex organizational settings .
These titles will help , whatever your current level of knowledge and skill .
Getting Things Done : The Art of Stress - Free Productivity
Allen , David
There are hundreds of books on the topic of time management .
David Allen goes beyond them in a significant and useful way .
He focuses on a coherent and fundamentally simple system for getting work done .
The fundamental insight ?
Get everything out of your head and written down .
Identify all of the projects on your plate and the outcomes you intend to accomplish .
Figure out the one next physical action that needs to be done to advance each project .
Organize your lists of things to do by the place or context where they can be done .
Developing the discipline takes time ( at least for me ) , but the payoff is high .
Also check out David ’s website at The David Allen Company .
Think of this as one of the key process building blocks for a personal knowledge management system
Flawless Consulting : A Guide to Getting Your Expertise Used ( Second Edition )
Block , Peter
Fundamentally , regardless of what other knowledge work job we might hold , we are all called on to be consultants at one time or another .
Your expertise is valued to the extent that others understand it and make use of it .
That makes you a consultant and understanding how to do it well is important to your ultimate effectiveness as a knowledge worker .
Talk to just about any consultant who has been at it for more than a few years and they will point you to Peter Block and Flawless Consulting .
Peter assumes that you are an expert in something and that you are not an expert in the interactions and issues you will always and predictably encounter when dealing with others who need your expertise but will rarely exactly understand what that will entail .
That ’s where Block is the expert and he clearly understands the connections and will help you understand them as well .
The Answer to How Is Yes : Acting On What Matters
Block , Peter
Another set of insights from Peter Block .
This one is less about specific tips on how to be a better consultant / advisor .
Instead it focuses on the impact of our default attitudes and assumptions on how we handle change , particularly in organizational settings .
In particular , Block takes aim at the debilitating affects of always and quickly shifting discussions about any kind of proposed change to discussions of how things should be done or how they are impossible to do .
He argues , successfully , that our disposition toward leaping into questions of implementation is a disguised way to block change .
The first question should never be “ how can we do this ? ” as pragmatic as that might appear .
Instead , we need to begin with questions of value .
“ Is this something that we want to do or that we need to do ? ”
If the answer to that is truly “ yes ” then we will find the answers to the “ how ” questions as they appear .
Thinking for a Living : How to Get Better Performance And Results from Knowledge Workers
Davenport , Thomas H .
Over the years , I have found that Tom Davenport is one of those thinkers whose most important contribution tends to be a combination of being among the very first to see important new phenomena on the horizon and organize useful ways to think about what ’s coming in productive ways .
Here
Tom is picking up on the importance of managing knowledge workers differently than organizations have managed industrial workers and starting to develop some useful frameworks for thinking about what that might mean .
This book is a little more focused on the organizational dimension and response to the issues of knowledge work , than the rest of what I am pointing to here .
Nevertheless , it still contains useful insight for the individual knowledge worker within the organization .
Secrets of Consulting : A Guide to Giving and Getting Advice Successfully
Weinberg , Gerald M .
Weinberg has been providing expertise to organizations for decades .
His particular areas of expertise is at the intersection of how organizations develop and deploy technology .
Along with Block , Weinberg is one of the best and most down - to - earth , accessible thinkers about the challenges of connecting your expertise to organizational action .
This is among his best compilations of advice relevant to any of us faced with the problem .
The Information and Technology Environment
Not only has knowledge work become a more central element of the economic environment , but that environment is increasingly dominated by information technology and issues created by the proliferation of data and information available .
You cannot pretend to be a knowledge worker and allow yourself to remain ignorant of these foundations .
The following titles are entry points that will let you begin to enrich this dimension of your skills and knowledge .
Information Architecture for the World Wide Web ( 2nd Edition )
Rosenfeld , Louis
The defined target audience for this book is professionals responsible for designing web sites and other services on the web from the perspective of how to make them more useful as tools for finding and organizing the information needed by organizations and the knowledge workers within them .
My own hypothesis is that as knowledge workers we not only need to be able to recognize and take advantage of the work of professional information architects , we also need to develop a base level of design skill to function as information architects for ourselves and for other knowledge workers who depend on us .
This is not a professional skill that can simply be handed off to an expert somewhere .
Rather it is becoming an element of the basic skillset / toolkit that every knowledge worker will need to possess .
This is an excellent first step to developing that base level of skill .
The Pragmatic Programmer : From Journeyman to Master
Hunt , Andrew
This might appear to be a bit too technology - focused to be relevant or accessible to the average knowledge worker .
On the other hand , I believe that software developers have been doing knowledge work inside of rich technology environments longer than anyone else .
The problems they have encountered and the solutions to those problems that they have developed are worth exploring and understanding .
This is possibly the best entry point to that exploration that any knowledge worker might find .
If you are not particularly technically oriented , there may be spots that will seem heavy - going or that will not seem relevant .
On the other hand , time invested in thinking about the arguments that Hunt and Thomas make and thinking about how you might translate them into your knowledge work settings will prove well spent .
At the very least , it will make you more observant and critical about the tools that have been given you to as a knowledge worker .
You might well begin to wonder why the lessons of the past 40 - 50 years of developing software technology have seen so little application to newer knowledge work environments .
You might also start looking for ways to translate some of those lessons to your own practices .
Information Anxiety : What to Do When Information Does n’t Tell You What You Need to Know
Wurman , Richard Saul
I encountered this book when it first appeared in 1989 and I was in the midst of working on my doctorate .
For me , it was full of insights and tidbits about the problems created by the information environment we were living in then ( it has only gotten worse with time ) and ways of thinking about how we might tackle solving those problems for ourselves and for others .
Wurman is credited with being among the first , if not the first , to coin the term “ information architect ” and this was his first attempt to describe what that might mean .
As knowledge workers we will all have to our own information architects in many respects .
This will help get you on your way .
Information Anxiety 2
Wurman , Richard Saul
Wurman essentially created the idea of information architecture in 1975 , the year I graduated from college .
I wish I had encountered him then rather than 1989 , when the first version of this book appeared .
His quest is to persuade designers to pay more attention to making it easier for all of us to cope with the onslaught of bits .
While that would be nice , I find this more useful as advice for what you and I can do personally to cope until that day comes .
One example –LATCH .
It ’s a mnemonic for the fundamental ways to organize any set of information : location , alphabet , time , category , or hierarchy .
my ninjas , please !!!!
this thing is RIDICULOUS …
apparently this is being built in Guzhen , China …an 833 foot tall luminaire , to be completed in time for the Olympics [ China is going crazy with architecture ]
No architect is credited with the design of the Century Giant Lamp Tower ; a local art institute was asked to make a drawing that was then handed off to local experts to produce the renderings .
Courtesy Cui Chaoren / Guzhen Town
original article [ check it out ] from Metropolis , but I found it here at BLDGBLOG
One Response to ' century giant lamp tower '
Subscribe to comments with RSS or TrackBack to ' century giant lamp tower ' .
Leave a Reply
Aug. 7 , 2005  --
How many times have you heard people exclaim something like , " First they tell us this is good or bad for us , and then they tell us just the opposite " ?
In case you need more confirmation for the " iffy - ness " of many health studies , Dr. John Ioannidis , a researcher at the University of Ioannina in Greece writing in the Journal of the American Medical Association , recently analyzed 45 well publicized studies from major journals appearing between 1990 and 2003 .
His conclusion : the results of approximately one third of these studies were flatly contradicted or significantly weakened by later work .
There 's the well - known story of hormone replacement therapy , which was supposed to protect against heart disease and other maladies , but apparently does not .
A good part of the apparent effect may have been the result of attributing the well - being of upper middle class health - conscious women to the hormones .
Another bit of health folklore that " everybody knows " that has turned out to be unfounded is vitamin E's protective effect against cardiac problems .
Not so says a recent large study .
And how about red wine , tea , fruits and vegetables ?
Surely the anti-oxidant effect of these wondrous nutrients can't be doubted .
Even here , however , the effect appears to be more modest than pinot noir lovers , among others , had thought .
And certainly many lung patients who inhale nitrous oxide and swear by its efficacy will be surprised to learn that a larger study does not show any beneficial effect .
Faulty Statistics and …
A common procedure to remove fat from neck arteries , prescription drugs used by millions of people , the herb echinacea …
The examples extend beyond those in the JAMA article and go on and on , but the general point is that a single health study by itself cannot be taken as indubitable .
The totality of the available evidence , appropriately weighted , is what counts , and this balanced appraisal is difficult to fit into a news article , much less into a catchy headline .
One obvious problem is that studies vary in size and quality .
Some are well - designed , others are not , yet most media reports give all of them the same status -- the medical variant of " astonomers say one thing , astrologers another , so let 's hear from both . "
Margins of error , low correlations , or very large ones that mask confounding variables seldom make it into the lede of news stories , whereas " X will cure you " or " Y will kill you " always seem to .
Another issue is that many health studies rely on self - reporting , which is notoriously unreliable .
The average number of sex partners reported by heterosexual males , for example , is almost always considerably larger than the average number reported by heterosexual females .
Certainly if these numbers , which should be equal , are so out of whack , it 's hard to put too much credence into sex surveys as a whole .
Similar bias results if people are asked whether their incessant drinking of green tea has lessened their angina .
… Misleading Psychology
And the evaluation of all studies must contend with wishful thinking : people naturally want to believe in the value of new treatments , sometimes so much that their critical faculties are dulled or extinguished altogether .
For an extreme example consider the studies on the purported effectiveness of prayer .
In the other direction , people often over - react to bad news and fall subject to the " tyranny of the anecdote . "
For example , TV viewers see parents keening about the unfortunate effect of some vaccine on their child and give little weight to the hundreds of thousands of children who've benefited from the same vaccine .
A distinction from statistics is marginally relevant .
We 're said to commit a Type I error when we reject a truth and a Type II error when we accept a falsehood .
In listening to news reports people often have an inclination to suspend their initial disbelief in order to be cheered and thereby risk making a Type II error .
In evaluating medical claims , however , researchers generally have an opposite inclination to suspend their initial belief in order not to be beguiled and thereby risk making a Type I error .
There is , of course , no way to always avoid both types of error , and we have different error thresholds in different endeavors .
Moreover , the questions health studies address are often subtly different so seemingly contradictory or confirmatory results are difficult to compare and evaluate .
Also sobering is the realization , acknowledged by the JAMA author Ioannidis , that there 's no conclusive proof that the results of later studies will not also be rescinded or modified .
So what should you conclude about , say , a small new study that flavonoids in dark chocolate help lower blood pressure ?
It 's your call , but realize how credible you find this chocolate study may say more about your psychology than the biochemistry of chocolate .
As I 've written before ( although with a different number ) , it 's been conclusively established that 43.58871563 % of all statistics are made up on the spot .
-- Professor of mathematics at Temple University , John Allen Paulos is the author of best - selling books , including " Innumeracy " and " A Mathematician Plays the Stock Market . "
His " Who 's Counting ? " column on ABCNews.com appears the first weekend of every month .
Statement of John Kerry Responding to Republican Distortions , Pathetic Tony Snow Diversions and Distractions
Washington – Senator John Kerry issued the following statement in response to White House Press Secretary Tony Snow , assorted right wing nut - jobs , and right wing talk show hosts desperately distorting Kerry ’s comments about President Bush to divert attention from their disastrous record : “ If anyone thinks a veteran would criticize the more than 140,000 heroes serving in Iraq and not the president who got us stuck there , they ’re crazy .
This is the classic G.O.P. playbook .
I ’m sick and tired of these despicable Republican attacks that always seem to come from those who never can be found to serve in war , but love to attack those who did .
I ’m not going to be lectured by a stuffed suit White House mouthpiece standing behind a podium , or doughy Rush Limbaugh , who no doubt today will take a break from belittling Michael J. Fox ’s Parkinson ’s disease to start lying about me just as they have lied about Iraq .
It disgusts me that these Republican hacks , who have never worn the uniform of our country lie and distort so blatantly and carelessly about those who have .
The people who owe our troops an apology are George W. Bush and Dick Cheney who misled America into war and have given us a Katrina foreign policy that has betrayed our ideals , killed and maimed our soldiers , and widened the terrorist threat instead of defeating it .
These Republicans are afraid to debate veterans who live and breathe the concerns of our troops , not the empty slogans of an Administration that sent our brave troops to war without body armor .
Bottom line , these Republicans want to debate straw men because they ’re afraid to debate real men .
And this time it wo n’t work because we ’re going to stay in their face with the truth and deny them even a sliver of light for their distortions .
No Democrat will be bullied by an administration that has a cut and run policy in Afghanistan and a stand still and lose strategy in Iraq . ”
If it is possible for a statement to be more then 100 percent true , then Senator Kerry ’s comments qualify .
As to this Kerry and G.O.P. Spar Over Iraq Remarks
Then , Mr. Kerry said : “ You know , education , if you make the most of it , you study hard , you do your homework and you make an effort to be smart , you can do well .
If you do n’t , you get stuck in Iraq . ” President Bush , campaigning this afternoon in Georgia for a Republican House candidate , condemned Mr. Kerry ’s remarks as “ insulting and shameful . ”
“ The men and women who serve in our all - volunteer armed forces are plenty smart and are serving because they are patriots — and Senator Kerry owes them an apology , ” Mr. Bush said , according to the White House .
No Mr. Bush it is you and your supporters that owe the troops and their families an apology for lying them into a war that had nothing to do with 9 - 11 , Al - Queda , or keeping America safe , Bush Insists ‘ I Did n’t Want War , ’ Overwhelming Evidence Suggests Otherwise
British Memo — Bush , Blair Agreed to Invade In Late Jan. 2003 :
A memo of a two - hour meeting between [ Bush and Blair ] at the White House on January 31 2003 – nearly two months before the invasion – reveals that Mr Bush made it clear the US intended to invade whether or not there was a second UN resolution and even if UN inspectors found no evidence of a banned Iraqi weapons programme .
[ Guardian , 2/3/06 ]
Richard Clarke Said Bush Pushed Him To Make Case for Iraq War : Richard Clarke , former White House counterterrorism director : “ Rumsfeld was saying that we needed to bomb Iraq .
And we all said … no , no .
Al - Qaeda is in Afghanistan . …
The president dragged me into a room with a couple of other people , shut the door , and said , ‘ I want you to find whether Iraq did this . ’
Now he never said , ‘ Make it up . ’
But the entire conversation left me in absolutely no doubt that George Bush wanted me to come back with a report that said Iraq did this .
[ CBS 60 Minutes , 3/21/04 ]
Bush , Bush ’s Congressional handmaidens , and Bush supporters have in fact been criminally negligent in how they handled Iraq ‘s reconstruction .
Negligence that has contributed to the deaths of our troops and Iraqis , Unqualified But Well Connected : Bush Cronies Gone Wild
On Sunday , the Washington Post chronicled how the Bush Administration ’s pattern of rewarding unqualified political cronies with jobs has hindered the Iraqi reconstruction efforts .
These GOP allies were given jobs based on their political service in campaigns not their experience or expertise in the respective areas of reconstruction including security , health care and finance .
This is just the latest example of the Bush Administration ’s continued practice of putting their party above the needs of the American people .
Over the past five years , the White House has installed Bush cronies in all corners of the government , regardless of their qualifications , with serious , sometimes harmful consequences as a result .
This what Republican Mary Katherine Ham had the nerve to say on Fox News , Fox Blasts Into Turbo - Driven , BREAKING NEWS Overdrive to Spin John Kerry ’s Remarks
It ’s a reflection on what we ’ve come to expect from Democrats which is at best an unseriousness about national security and at worst , it seems , maybe a contempt for those who provide it for us .
Well M’s
Ham thinks she and her like minded clones were very serious when they sent troops to die for a lie and then put cronies in charge instead of professionals .
Are Bush supporters even capable of finding Reality Street .
This is what a Republican blogger and proud member of the Bush Cult called Riehl World View wrote – Tuesday , October 31 , 2006 at 01:44 PM in Politics
In a despicable and insufficient response to his comments insulting American men
And women in uniform everywhere , John Kerry is attempting to turn the tables to make it appear as though it were someone else ’s fault he made his pathetic statement .
This is the man that the Democrat Party nominated for President in 2004 .
Every candidate running for office under a Democrat banner this year needs to denounce John Kerry and his disgusting comments , which betray his small - minded , elitist thinking , that American servicemen are somehow less than him and less than the college audience he was addressing .
For Riehl the truth is a lie , evil is good , bad is good , losing is winning and one of the most despicable things Riehl and his mindless clones will ever see is that reflection in the mirror .
Welcome to Republican world where they do n’t need no stink ’n reality , Republicans in Congress Refuse to Demand Accountability in Iraq ; Billions of Dollars Wasted , Our Mission Undermined
1 ) Halliburton billed taxpayers $ 1.4 billion in questionable and undocumented charges under its contract to supply troops in Iraq , as documented by the Pentagon ’s own auditors .
2 ) Parsons billed taxpayers over $ 200 million under a contract to build 142 health clinics , yet completed fewer than 20 .
According to Iraqi officials , the rest were “ imaginary clinics . ”
3 ) Custer Battles stole forklifts from Iraq ’s national airline , repainted them , then leased the forklifts back to the Coalition Provisional Authority ( CPA ) through a Cayman Islands shell company — charging an extra fee along the way .
13 ) Halliburton actively discouraged cooperation with U.S. government auditors , sent one whistleblower into a combat zone to keep him away from auditors , and put another whistleblower under armed guard before kicking her out of the country .
Halliburton is just another name for Republican .
Look at the scorecard , the actual facts , who supports the troops and who has stabbed them in the back as Riehl , Instapundit , Michelle Malkin and Bush give them nothing but lip service , Who Supports The Troops ?
Democrats , As It Turns Out
Bob Cesca remembers that golden memory of President AWOL inviting the Iraqis and Al - Queda to kill our troops , Remember “ Bring ‘ Em On , ” Mr. President ?
Americans , and especially military families , should never forget that their Commander - in - Chief actually encouraged Iraqi insurgents to attack our soldiers .
“ Bring ’em on ” could be the most irresponsible gaffe in a long history of gaffes uttered by President “ Get Syria to get Hezbollah to stop doing this shit ” Bush , and quite possibly the most irresponsible statement in the history of the presidency .
And that ’s saying a lot .
Amongst the other not - stupid - duh - but - stupid - evil comments we find , “ I do n’t think anybody anticipated the breach of the levees , ” or , “ And Brownie , you ’re doing a heckuva job , ” or , “ Just so long as I ’m the dictator , ” or , “ Major combat operations in Iraq have ended , ” and the list goes on and on and on .
President Bush ’s “ bring ’em on ” remark in July , 2003 quite literally invited the deaths of American soldiers .
For this one statement alone , President Bush has forfeited his right to comment on , exploit or joke about any gaffe spoken by anyone ever .
EVER .
Nailing Senator Kerry on his gaffe is n’t just hypocritical like , say , Larry the Cable Guy criticizing another comedian for being unfunny , or Bill O’Reilly questioning someone else ’s honesty .
No. President Bush gaffed up a huge puddle of blood and death .
Senator John McCain had a spine once , he was never a politician whose policies were anything but pandering to the raw meat eaters , but at least he used to have a spine .
Now he has sold it based the the slightest chance the Rove political machine will let him be president , Kerry Responds to Desperate Bush Smears – Media and Blogosphere in a Frenzy
Kerry aide David Wade : “ When will John McCain ask his new Republican best friends George Bush and Dick Cheney to apologize for misleading America into war and giving us a Katrina foreign policy that has betrayed our ideals , killed and maimed our soldiers , and widened the terrorist threat instead of defeating it ?
John McCain ’s neoconservative pals are afraid to debate veterans who live and breathe the concerns of our troops , not the empty slogans of an Administration that sent our brave troops to war without body armor . ”
A moderate conservative , a nearly endangered species writes , Look - A Rabbit
Again , I wish Kerry had not made the remark ( or phrased it better ) , but really , it changes nothing .
The Republican party has no plan for Iraq other than rhetorical shifts , their policies are not constructed or implemented to actually accomplish anything but rather to maintain Congressional power , and we all will be better off if the GOP is swept out of power .
The Republicans are corrupt , morally bankrupt , have no ideas , no principles , and are hoping upon hope that this latest distraction will help to stop the bleeding .
Unfortunately , the bleeding they care about is at the polls and not the bleeding in Iraq .
Meanwhile Senator George Allen ’s ( R - VA ) staff physically attacked a Marine veteran today , because said veteran dared to ask the infallible representative of all that is White about Allen ’s arrest record and allegations that Allen abused his first wife , George Allen ’s thugs attack journalist
Let ’s add up the score for today :
The fringe right attacks John Kerry for a joke gaffe about a president whose lies , distortions , comically tragic planning and failed policies have killed thousands of Americans .
The fringe right Republicans swear that Bush ’s cronyism and ineptitude are a great reason to vote Republican so we can continue to have more dead troops , but swear they care about the military .
They attack a Marine for asking a legitimate question during a campaign stop of a known bigot and serial liar .
Sane Americas are asking why these conservative reprobates are n’t all in a padded cell eating toothpaste .
Oh , did I mention that American troops are now under the command of the Iraqis .
“ Some are able and humane men and some are low - grade individuals with the morals of a goat , the artistic integrity of a slot machine , and the manners of a floorwalker with delusions of grandeur . ” – Raymond Chandler
By Frank Gardner
Security correspondent , BBC News
Five watch teams work 12 - hour shifts from this room
In a Washington suburb , I am on a journey .
No address , no postcode .
Just the phone number of a US government official known only as " T " .
After months of requests , he has granted us permission to visit one of America 's newest and most secret establishments : the National Counterterrorism Center , the NCTC .
It is a nondescript building , but inside is the beating heart of America 's counter - terrorism nerve centre .
" This is where we maintain a 24 - hours - a - day , seven - days - a - week operational watch in the counter - terrorism intelligence community and monitor situational awareness in the world of CT [ counter - terrorism ] , " says Vice Admiral Don Loren , one of the watch officers in the Operations Room .
The Operations Room is a large open - plan chamber filled with desks and computer terminals .
It is here in this room three times a day , every day , that America 's specialists in counter - terrorism gather to share information
But today it is almost empty .
Because we are media , all the undercover agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation , the National Security Agency and the Central Intelligence Agency who would normally sit here have been moved out of sight .
But up on the wall is a giant plasma screen showing every plane approaching the United States .
" Right now , you 're looking at the Eastern Seaboard air corridor , and we use that to monitor events of special interest and to keep an eye should there be any reports of what we call no - fly activity , " Vice Adm Loren says .
A " no - fly " means a plane with a passenger suspicious enough that the flight can even get turned back over the mid-Atlantic .
In everyone 's minds is the thought : " 9/11 , never again . "
Enormous data flow
The NCTC is also intended to remedy the sort of information blockages that led to 9/11 .
When it was set up two years ago , they brought in the " imagineers " from Hollywood - experts on sharing information .
The movements of every plane approaching the US are monitored
The data flow here is enormous : more than 6,000 reports come through every day from satellite , electronic and human intelligence sources .
When an incident happens , a " terror line " is created to pass the information to everyone who needs it .
Central to all this is the Briefing Room , where screens rise up like something out of a James Bond film .
This is the nerve centre of the US - led global " war on terror " .
It is here in this room , three times a day , every day , that America 's specialists in counter - terrorism gather to share information .
Obviously you want to stop an attack , but you do n't want to stop an attack just in the nick of time
Vice Admiral Scott Redd
It brings in 16 agencies like the FBI , the CIA , Homeland Security as well as the White House , and has been described as a " stock exchange " for counter - terrorism intelligence .
The man in charge is almost unknown , yet he has one of the most sensitive jobs in the world .
Vice Admiral Scott Redd gives the president America 's war plan on fighting terrorism .
" Before 9/11 , agencies did n't talk to each other , now all counter terrorism information comes into NCTC , " Vice Adm Redd says .
" We take that , we 've created an electronic library , we have over six million pieces of CT info that can be accessed by over 6,000 counter - terrorism analysts around the world .
Vice Adm Redd gives the president the war plan on fighting terrorism
But I put it to Vice Adm Redd that although America itself had not been attacked since 9/11 , al - Qaeda - inspired terrorism appears to be as active as ever .
Did America 's strategy go any deeper than tackling the symptoms ?
" Obviously you want to stop an attack , but you do n't want to stop an attack just in the nick of time , " the NCTC director replied .
" You want to go after , you sort of work your way back , ultimately all the way back to the radicalisation / recruitment phase , proselytisation , with things like travel , the finances which underpin it , training , leadership , planning , typically more travel and then everything up to and including stopping the attacks . "
The NCTC has 400,000 names in its database here .
It has five watch teams working 12 - hour shifts and a vast electronic library .
But of course , despite all the technology and resources , none of this is guaranteed to stop terrorism .
Senior officials here admitted that this war could last another 40 years or more , and there will be defeats along the way .
Today the ending of one of the best chapters of my life was being written .
I flew to Moscow on the 16th of October and arrived on the 17th .
It was a difficult trip for me because I had to leave my grandmother who was n’t feeling well to go on this trip .
I was nervous the entire flight and Hamid who was accompanying me kept talking to me and trying to calm me down .
The reason for my trip was to attend the official welcome back ceremony .
Because of my request , the Russian Space Agency had broken tradition to accommodate my schedule and was holding this event two days earlier , so I could not miss it .
I had participated as an observer in the ceremony held for Expedition 12 crew members and Marcos Pontes , the Brazilian astronaut .
I remember I was very excited because the morning of the ceremony , I had been able to catch Marcos Pontes , Bill McArthur , and Valery Tokorev outside of the dormitory and take a picture with them .
I knew every step of the ceremony .
First the astronauts and cosmonauts being honored would be taken to the huge Gagarin monument in the middle of Star City , where a military band plays a march as they place flowers at the foot of the statue .
Then they would walk down the big corridor that leads to the House of Cosmonauts , which is the big community center in Star City that houses the Gagarin museum .
People , photographers and journalists gather at the statue and follow them to the main attraction — the welcome back speech at the Auditorium .
At the ceremony , the crew is presented with awards and gifts from representatives and the head of the Space Agency , Air Force , Search and Rescue Team , the Prime contractor and General Design company , etc … Each person comes up to the stage and says a few words about the success of the mission and lessons learned , and then presents their gifts .
At the end , each of the three crew members are given an opportunity to speak .
I had written my speech in English and had asked a Russian professor in Dallas to translate it for me .
I wanted to deliver my speech in Russian because I knew how much the people in Star City would appreciate it .
I knew my pronunciation would be less than desirable and it would make it hard for people to understand me but I knew they just wanted to see me make an effort .
I was hoping that I would get a few days to practice the speech , but with everything that was happening around me , I only got the speech done the day before my flight and practiced it a few times on the plane ride to Moscow .
During my practice runs on the plane , I struggled with pronouncing many of the words …
I was starting to think I should just stick with English and print the Russian version and distribute it to the audience …
The plane ride was long and I could not sleep at all .
As we were approaching Moscow , my anxiety was increasing by the minute .
We finally landed and after a long wait through customs , we were on our way to Star City .
I had arranged a party that evening for all my instructors , trainers , and everyone who had helped me in one way or another during my training time there .
I also had a couple of press interviews right before the party , and my schedule was packed for the next two days .
We drove through the usual traffic and finally arrived in Star City around 3:00 pm .
It felt strange to be back there .
Driving down the road where I used to walk everyday to class reminded me of the happy days I had there .
It was hard for me to believe that I had already gone to space and now I was back in Star City as a Cosmonaut .
It all seemed like yesterday but at the same time it felt like a distant memory .
For a moment I wished that it was February 2006 and that I was just starting my life in Star City .
I had enjoyed every single moment of my journey and I remembered my first day there .
I flew there with my husband Hamid , my brother in law Amir and Peter Diamandis , whom you know as the chairman of X Prize Foundation .
It was early January , and before I had decided to train there .
We were all excited but Peter and I were extra excited .
We looked like kids in a candy store and were just trying to take it all in .
I remembered Peter telling me , “ Anousheh , if you decide to train , enjoy every second of it , do n’t just think about the flight , enjoy the entire experience … ”
And I had done just that .
I appreciated the beautiful but cold winter there …
I listened to music while watching the tall snow - covered evergreens lining the street of star City …
I enjoyed learning about the International Space Station ( ISS ) and the Soyuz capsule …
I enjoyed making new friends and learning a new language …
I enjoyed breathing the same air as the astronauts and cosmonauts were breathing and sitting next to them in the cafeteria and listening to their stories …
I enjoyed living a simple life .
Life seemed to be less complicated and all the small things that you usually worry about at home were not important anymore .
At home I would drive to three different places to make sure I would get the right products that I liked for breakfast or for my hair .
Here in Star City , I could not buy any of them and I learned that I can manage without a lot of things … even hot water .
Having hot water was hit or miss , so every morning that I would wake up and have clean hot water in the shower , it was a good day for me .
I started paying attention and enjoying my surroundings more …
In Dallas , I would drive a car everywhere but here I had a choice between walking or riding a bike .
I walked most of the time and enjoyed watching the change of seasons .
I watched as the snow started to slowly melt and the trees started to grow new leaves .
I watched as the ice on the lake in front of my dormitory started to melt and people came for fishing .
I watched as the tulips started growing in the gardens and butterflies started flying …
I watched as life was starting again and I noticed how much I enjoyed being so close to nature .
In Dallas spring would come and ago and I would hardly notice any of its beauty .
In cities , we are surrounded by glass , plastic , and steel and we start living an artificial life without any appreciation for the beauty that surrounds us .
We become isolated and detached from our environment …
Being so close to nature and being able to see it , smell it and touch it gave me a great sense of joy .
The spring was followed by a hot but short summer .
I learned to balance the opening of windows to get some cool air , with the attack of the mosquitoes .
Most of the buildings in Star City are very old and do not have air conditioning .
In Dallas , I never even thought about AC .
It is always there .
But here , if I walked into a classroom that happened to have a small AC hanging by the window , I would consider that day a lucky day J
Even more interesting to me was the fact that none of these things bothered me .
If I was back in Dallas and had to be in a non air - conditioned room , I would probably complain for days but here it seemed okay …
I was there for a much more important mission and everything else seemed unimportant to me .
Life was simple !
As the summer was coming to an end , I was ready to go home and see my family .
I knew that the training was coming to an end and I was making a list and planning for things that I wanted to accomplish on my flight in 2008 .
Since I had my trip to look forward to , I was not sad and I just wanted to go home and start planning my trip .
And then … all of a sudden … my life changed … and before I knew it , I was flying to ISS .
Now that I was back in Star City , I felt lost …
I did n’t know where I belonged …
Life was going on as usual … the instructors were preparing and presenting their material to the new trainees , and astronauts and cosmonauts were going from one classroom to the next …
I felt disconnected from it all and I missed it really badly …
It was like graduating from college and coming back for a visit .
Everything looked familiar but at the same time different …
You see students walking by and life on campus going on as usual but you are no longer part of it and you wish hard that you were .
It is almost a painful feeling .
All these memories flashed back in my head as I was approaching the dormitory .
We were staying there for the nighAs we walked in with our suitcases , Jeff Williams walked in and told me he was going up to NASA office for a video link with the Expedition 14 crew onboard ISS and invited me to join them …
I was so happy … I dropped my suitcase there and ran to the 2nd floor .
Pavel was already there and the video link was up .
Mike L.A. and Thomas Reiter were already there and Misha Tyurin joined them later .
It felt sooooo good talking to them .
I missed being there so much and just seeing them , floating in front of the camera and talking about life onboard the station , made me feel part of the crew again …
Mike asked me about my interview with Oprah .
He had heard about it but had not seen it .
Then he asked me if my trip seemed real or just like a dream .
I told him it felt like a dream and he seemed to understand the feeling .
I guess even for professional astronauts , their time in space is dreamlike and surreal …
I told them that I really missed them and Mike said , jokingly , “ Well , come back with Peggy ! ” I said “ I wish I could !
but Hamid told me I have to work hard to make money for my next trip ” — J
Before we knew it , the time was up and the video link ended .
It felt so good to talk to them and it energized me …
I went downstairs to my room with a big smile to prepare for my interview .
After the interview , I went to the cafeteria where everyone was gathering for the party I had arranged .
I was all smiles again …
Seeing everyone made me feel at home .
They were all glad to see me again as well .
I had prepared them a DVD with pictures from my time in Star City , all the way to launch and landing , and some more souvenirs …
They also brought me gifts and souvenirs to take home .
One was a beautiful traditional scarf , from the lady doctors and nurses , that I wore the next day to the ceremony .
My Russian instructor gave me a magazine that had my picture on the cover with the title “ the New Star . ”
Everyone was so sweet and appreciative .
I told them all that this is not goodbye and that I would be back in March for Expedition 14 ’s landing and would see them again .
I returned to my room around 9 pm and had to stay up for another interview at 11:45 pm .
I was exhausted … it had almost been 32 hours without sleep .
The next morning I had another interview and the official flight debrief .
This is the meeting when they review all the comments and suggestions that they had gathered post - flight , during the quarantine .
Around 1:30 pm we all gathered in the lobby of the dormitory where I was staying and prepared to go to the ceremony .
I had very little time to practice my speech but I decided to give it a try and to do my speech in Russian .
Just like the previous crews , we went to the Gagarin monument first .
There were so many people there and again I kept remembering myself in the audience trying to sneak a few pictures as Expedition 12 crew was placing flowers at the foot of the Gagarin statue .
As we started marching toward the auditorium , people cheered for us and waved .
It was a beautiful day , a little chilly but not too bad …
We went through the back door and sat at a table on the stage .
The auditorium was 80 percent full , which was more than the last time I was there .
Behind us was my favorite picture of Yuri Gagarin , the one with him and the Dove in his hand .
I remembered seating in the audience , six month before that , and thinking to myself , one day I would be on that stage and would be talking about my experience and thanking everyone for their support .
Today was that day and it all seemed to happen so fast …
Just like the ceremony I attended before , one by one the heads of different agencies came to the stage and congratulated us .
What surprised me was all the kind words that they specially said about me .
They called me part of the crew and a very courageous individual .
They even presented me with a several medals .
I was so touched … one of them even said that I had inspired women in Russia and that they now have a woman candidate in the program .
It made me very happy not only to hear that women are more interested in entering the cosmonaut corps , but also to realize that I had changed the views of the people in charge about women being part the program and it felt really good …
By the time all the speakers finished , we each had a mountain of flowers and many boxes of medals , pictures , and other souvenirs in front of us .
After Pavel and Jeff delivered their speech , it was my turn .
I was the last one to speak …
I was nervous and my voice was trembling a little .
I was very emotional too and that made it even more difficult for me to read the speech .
I delivered the speech as best as I could and I could tell I was reaching the audience , since they would interrupt me with their applause .
When I got to the last paragraph , I choked up and barely finished my speech , everyone applauded and I knew they were touched by what I had to say and by the fact that I tried to say it in Russian .
Everyone congratulated me later on the speech .
I have the original speech in a separate entry if you are interested to read it …
What was also interesting was the fact that a few other astronauts came to me and told me they shared my sentiments .
They too felt that Star City was a very special place and were very sad when they were leaving …
As I had said in my speech … today I ’m leaving and in my heart I have a special place for three countries …
Iran the country where I was born and raised , America the country that gave me the opportunity to educate myself and to succeed , and Russia the country that made my dream come true …
Goodbye Star City , the city of dreamers …
I will be signing off and with this entry closing my Space Flight Chapter of this blog …
I will continue reading your comments and answering your questions in the near future …
With my best wishes for all of you who have been reading and commenting on this blog …
Dream !
Dream Big !
Dream the impossible !
And make it come true …
I look forward to reading your inspiring stories in the future …
Anousheh
… my speech in Star City + photos —> ( more … )
By Owen Bennett - Jones
BBC World Service
The survey estimated that 601,000 deaths were the result of violence , mostly gunfire .
Iraqi Health Ministry figures put the toll at less than 10 % of the total in the survey , published in the Lancet .
But the Ministry of Defence 's chief scientific adviser said the survey 's methods were " close to best practice " and the study design was " robust " .
Another expert agreed the method was " tried and tested " .
Mortality rates
The Iraq government asks the country 's hospitals to report the number of victims of terrorism or military action .
Critics say the system was not started until well after the invasion and requires over - pressed hospital staff not only to report daily , but also to distinguish between victims of terrorism and of crime .
The Lancet medical journal published its peer - reviewed survey last October .
It was conducted by the John Hopkins School of Public Health and compared mortality rates before and after the invasion by surveying 47 randomly chosen areas across 16 provinces in Iraq .
Are we really sure the report is likely to be right ?
That is certainly what the brief implies
Foreign Office official
The researchers spoke to nearly 1,850 families , comprising more than 12,800 people .
In nearly 92 % of cases family members produced death certificates to support their answers .
The survey estimated that 601,000 deaths were the result of violence , mostly gunfire .
Shortly after the publication of the survey in October last year Tony Blair 's official spokesperson said the Lancet 's figure was not anywhere near accurate .
He said the survey had used an extrapolation technique , from a relatively small sample from an area of Iraq that was not representative of the country as a whole .
President Bush said : " I do n't consider it a credible report . "
But a memo by the MoD's Chief Scientific Adviser , Sir Roy Anderson , on 13 October , states : " The study design is robust and employs methods that are regarded as close to " best practice " in this area , given the difficulties of data collection and verification in the present circumstances in Iraq . "
' Cannot be rubbished '
One of the documents just released by the Foreign Office is an e-mail in which an official asks about the Lancet report : " Are we really sure the report is likely to be right ?
That is certainly what the brief implies . "
The reply from another official is : " We do not accept the figures quoted in the Lancet survey as accurate . "
In the same e-mail the official later writes : " However , the survey methodology used here cannot be rubbished , it is a tried and tested way of measuring mortality in conflict zones . "
Asked how the government can accept the Lancet 's methodology but reject its findings , the government has issued a written statement in which it said : " The methodology has been used in other conflict situations , notably the Democratic republic of Congo .
" However , the Lancet figures are much higher than statistics from other sources , which only goes to show how estimates can vary enormously according to the method of collection .
" There is considerable debate amongst the scientific community over the accuracy of the figures . "
' Mainstreet bias '
In fact some of the British government criticism of the Lancet report post - dated Sir Roy 's comments .
Speaking six days after Sir Roy praised the study 's methods , British foreign office minister Lord Triesman said : " The way in which data are extrapolated from samples to a general outcome is a matter of deep concern .... "
It would appear they were only able to sample a small sliver of the country
Dr Michael Spagat
Some scientists have subsequently challenged the validity of the Lancet study .
Questions have been asked about the survey techniques and the possibility of " mainstreet bias " .
Dr Michael Spagat of Royal Holloway London University says that most of those questioned lived on streets more likely than average to witness attacks : " It would appear they were only able to sample a small sliver of the country , " he said .
Dr Spagat has previously conducted research with Iraq Body Count , an NGO that counts deaths on the basis of media reports and which has produced estimates far lower than those published in the Lancet .
If the Lancet survey is right , then 2.5 % of the Iraqi population - an average of more than 500 people a day - have been killed since the start of the war .
The BBC World Service made a Freedom of Information Request on 28 November 2006 .
The information was released on 14 March 2007 .
Yes , it 's true .
Yes , this is the Big News that I have been hinting at .
No , the Big News was not the pizza crawl , or the delivery of the new WILD CARDS book , though of course I 'm excited about those as well .
VARIETY broke the story this morning .
Instead of rehashing what they said , let me just point all of you toward : I 've already gotten close to a hundred emails this morning , just off the VARIETY article .
I expect that number will have swollen to several hundred before the day is out .
I appreciate all the good wishes and congratulations , but I am NOT going to be able to respond to all of you individually .
I will be making my own announcement on my news page , of course , and that may answer some of your questions , but I have n't actually written it yet , so please be patient .
I appreciate all the casting suggestions too , but guys , you 're getting way way WAY ahead of yourselves .
Developing a television series is a long and time - consuming process , and we 're just getting started here .
We only closed the deal a couple of days ago .
I will do my best to keep everyone informed as the project progresses , but this is not something you will be telling TIVO to record next week .
This might be a great time to subscribe to HBO , however .
Regardless of what happens with A SONG OF ICE AND FIRE , HBO still has the best shows on television , shows like DEADWOOD , THE WIRE , and THE SOPRANOS that stand head and shoulders above anything on the networks .
The second season of ROME just started last Sunday , and it 's fabulous ; the look of it , the writing , the directing , the acting , all of it is first rate .
That 's why I have been saying for years that HBO was the perfect place for A SONG OF ICE AND FIRE .
According to Wired , “ RFID chips are passive , and broadcast information to any reader that queries the chip — thieves could collect the personal data of people as they walk down a street . ”
Now check out a short demonstration of a “ real ‐world vulnerability associated with the failure of the shielding component in the current proposed electronic passport design . ”
Video after the jump .
… RFID passports will now include a thin radio shield in their covers , protecting the chips when the passports are closed .
Although some have derided this as a tinfoil hat for passports , the fact is the measure will prevent the documents from being snooped when closed [ via Wired ]
According to Wired , “ RFID chips are passive , and broadcast information to any reader that queries the chip — thieves could collect the personal data of people as they walk down a street . ”
Now check out a short demonstration of a “ real ‐world vulnerability associated with the failure of the shielding component in the current proposed electronic passport design . ”
Video after the jump .
… RFID passports will now include a thin radio shield in their covers , protecting the chips when the passports are closed .
Although some have derided this as a tinfoil hat for passports , the fact is the measure will prevent the documents from being snooped when closed
Tags
Have you noticed how the text of the " fortunes " in fortune cookies seem to be improving ?
In contrast to the old days when the fortune was a mere throw away , these days , the language is clearer .
The thoughts are more profound .
Some of them are real keepers .
Is this a consequence of China 's having become more capitalistic ?
While I can't comment on the " lucky numbers " printed on them — who knows ? — the last four fortunes I received in my cookies just astounded me with their very erudition ( even without adding any words at the end of them ) .
Indeed they seemed to sum up the essence of core postulates of Austrian Economics !
Let 's see , and keep in mind that these are real .
Now , here we have a popular summary of the subjective theory of value .
Value is not embedded in the material properties of any good or service .
Neither does a thing acquire value merely because labor was employed to create it .
Value is not dictated by the production process or social conditioning .
An economic good is valued because an individual mind values it .
It is a product of the human mind .
As Menger says :
Value is therefore nothing inherent in goods , no property of them , but merely the importance that we first attribute to the satisfaction of our needs , that is , to our lives and well - being , and in consequence carry over to economic goods as the exclusive causes of the satisfaction of our needs .
Next we come to a further condition that affects economic valuation :
Admittedly , this fortune is not quite as scientific but it makes a good point .
Prices are the result of the interaction of subjective valuation and objective conditions of the relative availability of a good .
They represent a historical record of trades that have already taken place .
They do not and cannot dictate the future .
And yet even given a good with a certain price on the market , the desirability of a good cannot be imposed on others .
It must be adopted and accepted by buyers , who assess prices based on individual usefulness .
Or as Mises says ,
It is ultimately always the subjective value judgments of individuals that determine the formation of prices … .
The concept of a " just " or " fair " price is devoid of any scientific meaning ; it is a disguise for wishes , a striving for a state of affairs different from reality .
Market prices are entirely determined by the value judgments of men as they really act .
So let us accept the fortune cookie 's implied claim that past data cannot somehow dictate our actions and therefore the future .
The market is always forward looking .
Our actions to buy or sell or invest or save are always a speculation , a judgment call .
Nowhere is this more clear than in the institution of entrepreneurship , about which the next fortune speaks :
Given the forward - looking nature of the market process , and the human desire for economic development , there must be individuals who can imagine a future that is yet to be experienced , invest real resources in seeing their judgment come to pass in the production process , and thereby enjoy the rewards to come from profitability .
This person is the entrepreneur - capitalist : the dreamer who imagines a possible future and then commits real resources to making that future happen .
The market process does not stop with one entrepreneurial success .
Profits call forth emulators , people attracted to a certain idea or sector because a good or service is yielding high profits .
For example , if a software entrepreneur comes up with an excellent anti-spyware program and becomes rich , others will take notice and enter the market and provide competition .
The method of success becomes part of the social store of knowledge that others are free to acquire and employ for their own use .
As more producers enter the market , the result will be lower prices ( if nothing else changes ) and reduced profits for each producer .
In short , the successful entrepreneur will attract many people who strive to be just like him .
His sucess in making his dreams become reality provides a model for others who do the same .
Following the text of the fortune , we can call these people " friends . "
The fortune is already ahead of us here , because it also speaks the reality of losses .
Let us never forget that capitalism is not only about profits , that win friends .
As Rothbard says , entrepreneurs also face the prospect of losses , sometimes big losses .
When this happens , people flee our adversity .
We lose our friends .
We are humbled , and learn from our errors .
We then look to others who are making profits and follow their ways , and the process continues without end , to the continual improvement of our standard of living .
If China 's path to economic development continues on an upward path , can we expect ever - increasing economic sophistication from fortune cookies ?
I heartily await other fortunes that discuss capital theory , interest rates , the business cycle , and perhaps even price controls .
If some entrepreneur wants to take the risk and create them , and I find them in my next set of cookies , I promise to scan them and make them famous .
In your prosperity , your friends will know you .
What are the signs of having a demon ?
Not sure what to think of the deliverance ministry ?
Please take a moment to read
What the ministry of deliverance should be !
Here is a brief list of some of the areas in a persons life that a demon can affect .
Please note that every time you find somebody struggling or facing one of the areas below , it 's not necessarily a demon , but it 's not uncommon to find a demon behind these things .
Compulsive sinning against your will : Addictions , uncontrollable anger , lust , urges to murder or commit suicide , etc .
Mental torment : Fear , depression , irrational heaviness in the soul , hearing voices in the mind , hearing auditable voices that nobody else hears , compulsive thoughts , insanity , mental illness , etc .
Obsessive irrational worry is almost always a demon .
People who are scared stiff over the unpardonable sin are in need of counseling and likely deliverance .
Emotional problems :
Unable to get close to other people , sensing rejection for no reason , irrational emotional breakdowns , etc .
Often more then just casting out demons is needed in this category , inner healing must also take place as well as tearing down strongholds .
Physical health problems : Arthritis , cancer , HIV , and a host of other illnesses are almost always caused by evil spirits .
If it can not be easily cured , then it 's almost always a spirit that is causing it .
Occult powers or abilities :
Anybody who can tell a fortune , lift an object through levitation , break a solid oak board with their hand , etc. using demonic powers needs a deliverance .
Martial arts are known for using demonic powers to break boards , etc. Unnatural strength is a sign of demonic power , such as the man with the legion in the Bible .
Unnatural desires and feelings : Sexual attraction towards animals , unnatural sexual desires , unusually strong attractions towards somebody who is married , past lover , etc. can indicate soul ties and demonic bondage .
Experiencing the demonic :
Most often ( not always , but usually ) when people are visited by demons , hearing them , seeing them , etc. , they are in need of a deliverance .
Ancestors have similar problems :
If both you and one or more of your ancestors have the same kind of problem (s ) , then there may be a generational spirit at work .
Obsessions : Driving interests in the occult , demons , and creatures of the dark such as wolves , owls , etc. can indicate a demonic bondage .
Obsession with death is almost a sure sign of demonic bondage .
Compulsive behavior : Compulsive behavior such as cutting is a Biblical symptom of demonic bondage .
For a more in - depth list with scriptural backing , please see the teaching Do I have a Demon ?
I was recently looking at the source of a wxPython - based GUI application , about 45.5 KLOC in size , not counting the libraries used ( e.g. Twisted ) .
The code was written by Java developers who are relatively new to Python , and it suffers from some performance issues ( like a 30 - second startup time ) .
In examining the code , I found that they had done lots of things that make sense in Java , but which suck terribly in Python .
Not because “ Python is slower than Java ” , but because there are easier ways to accomplish the same goals in Python , that would n’t even be possible in Java .
So , the sad thing is that these poor folks worked much , much harder than they needed to , in order to produce much more code than they needed to write , that then performs much more slowly than the equivalent idiomatic Python would .
Some examples :
A static method in Java does not translate to a Python classmethod .
Oh sure , it results in more or less the same effect , but the goal of a classmethod is actually to do something that ’s usually not even possible in Java ( like inheriting a non- default constructor ) .
The idiomatic translation of a Java static method is usually a module - level function , not a classmethod or staticmethod .
( And static final fields should translate to module - level constants . )
This is n’t much of a performance issue , but a Python programmer who has to work with Java - idiom code like this will be rather irritated by typing Foo.
Foo.someMethod when it should just be Foo.someFunction .
But do note that calling a classmethod involves an additional memory allocation that calling a staticmethod or function does not .
Oh , and all those Foo. Bar .
Baz attribute chains do n’t come for free , either .
In Java , those dotted names are looked up by the compiler , so at runtime it really does n’t matter how many of them you have .
In Python , the lookups occur at runtime , so each dot counts .
( Remember that in Python , “ Flat is better than nested ” , although it ’s more related to “ Readability counts ” and “ Simple is better than complex , ” than to being about performance . )
Got a switch statement ?
The Python translation is a hash table , not a bunch of if - then statments .
Got a bunch of if - then ’s that would n’t be a switch statement in Java because strings are involved ?
It ’s still a hash table .
The CPython dictionary implementation uses one of the most highly - tuned hashtable implementations in the known universe .
No code that you write yourself is going to work better , unless you ’re the genetically - enhanced love child of Guido , Tim Peters , and Raymond Hettinger .
XML is not the answer .
It is not even the question .
To paraphrase Jamie Zawinski on regular expressions , “ Some people , when confronted with a problem , think “ I know , I ’ll use XML . ”
Now they have two problems . ”
This is a different situation than in Java , because compared to Java code , XML is agile and flexible .
Compared to Python code , XML is a boat anchor , a ball and chain .
In Python , XML is something you use for interoperability , not your core functionality , because you simply do n’t need it for that .
In Java , XML can be your savior because it lets you implement domain - specific languages and increase the flexibility of your application “ without coding ” .
In Java , avoiding coding is an advantage because coding means recompiling .
But in Python , more often than not , code is easier to write than XML .
And Python can process code much , much faster than your code can process XML .
( Not only that , but you have to write the XML processing code , whereas Python itself is already written for you . )
If you are a Java programmer , do not trust your instincts regarding whether you should use XML as part of your core application in Python .
If you ’re not implementing an existing XML standard for interoperability reasons , creating some kind of import / export format , or creating some kind of XML editor or processing tool , then Just Do n’t Do It .
At all .
Ever .
Not even just this once .
Do n’t even think about it .
Drop that schema and put your hands in the air , now !
If your application or platform will be used by Python developers , they will only thank you for not adding the burden of using XML to their workload .
( The only exception to this is if your target audience really really needs XML for some strange reason .
Like , they refuse to learn Python and will only pay you if you use XML , or if you plan to give them a nice GUI for editing the XML , and the GUI in question is something that somebody else wrote for editing XML and you get to use it for free .
There are also other , very rare , architectural reasons to need XML .
Trust me , they do n’t apply to your app .
If in doubt , explain your use case for XML to an experienced Python developer .
Or , if you have a thick skin and do n’t mind being laughed at , try explaining to a Lisp programmer why your application needs XML ! )
Getters and setters are evil .
Evil , evil , I say !
Python objects are not Java beans .
Do not write getters and setters .
This is what the ‘ property ’ built - in is for .
And do not take that to mean that you should write getters and setters , and then wrap them in ‘ property ’ .
That means that until you prove that you need anything more than a simple attribute access , do n’t write getters and setters .
They are a waste of CPU time , but more important , they are a waste of programmer time .
Not just for the people writing the code and tests , but for the people who have to read and understand them as well .
In Java , you have to use getters and setters because using public fields gives you no opportunity to go back and change your mind later to using getters and setters .
So in Java , you might as well get the chore out of the way up front .
In Python , this is silly , because you can start with a normal attribute and change your mind at any time , without affecting any clients of the class .
So , do n’t write getters and setters .
The Fedora OLPC Special Interest Group
Mission Statement
To provide the OLPC project with a strong , sustainable , scalable , community - driven base platform for innovation .
OLPC runs the XO on Fedora .
There are millions of XOs in the world running Fedora .
It 's up to the Fedora community to make sure that we hold up our end of that bargain .
Goals
Take responsible ownership of as many OLPC base packages as possible , starting with this list : OLPC / Packages_for_F11
Maintain an excellent Sugar environment for Fedora , including a dedicated Sugar spin .
Identify useful opportunities for collaboration ( infrastructure , localization , etc. )
Tasks
Our task list drives our weekly meeting .
Mailing List
People who are working actively in this SIG should join the mailing list and introduce themselves briefly .
IRC
Come hang out with us on irc.freenode.net , # fedora - olpc .
Meetings
Meetings are on the # fedora - olpc IRC channel on Freenode , at 1 pm Eastern US time ( 17.00 UTC ) , every Thursday .
Northern Command is n’t happy
Because Northern Command oversees all active - duty military operations inside the United States , it ’s also responsible for organizing the relief operations on the Gulf Coast .
There are early indications , however , that NorthCom officials are n’t entirely pleased with the orders they ’ve received of late from the president .
There ’s an interesting BBC World News report ( brought to my attention by my friend Darrell ) in which NorthCom Lt. Commander Sean Kelly explained the military ’s efforts which , in addition to military support , include distribution of medical supplies , search and rescue operations , distributing food and water , and meeting transportation needs .
( Note : the server hosting the video seems to be overwhelmed .
This is a direct .mpg link , which is also slow right now , but keep trying . )
When the BBC noted the criticism of the government ’s slow response , Lt. Commander Kelly explained that NorthCom was ready to go well in advance of Katrina making landfall , but suggested the president did n’t make the right call at the right time .
“ Northcom started planning before the storm even hit .
We were ready when it hit Florida , because , as you remember , it hit the bottom part of Florida , and then we were planning once it was pointed towards the Gulf Coast .
“ So , what we did , we activated what we call ‘ defense coordinating officers ’ to work with the states to say , ‘ OK , what do you think you will need ? ’
And we set up staging bases that could be started .
“ We had the USS Bataan sailing almost behind the hurricane so once the hurricane made landfall , its search and rescue helicopters could be available almost immediately So , we had things ready .
“ The only caveat is : we have to wait until the president authorizes us to do so .
The laws of the United States say that the military ca n’t just act in this fashion ; we have to wait for the president to give us permission . ”
Apparently , that permission could have been given right away , but it was n’t .
Bush was on vacation , sharing some cake with John McCain , and pretending to play some guitar .
This seems like it could be a fairly big deal .
There ’s been some frustration on the part of military officials about bureaucracy and FEMA ’s ineffectiveness , but Kelly ’s remarks to the BCC sounded like a fairly direct challenge to the president ’s leadership — they wanted to leap into action , but the White House never made the call .
Considering that there are already questions about who was in charge last week , can someone please ask the White House who first gave the order to NorthCom and when ?
Update :
If you have trouble with the link to the BBC video , here ’s a direct link .
Second Update : Lt. Commander Kelly emailed Kevin Drum to shed some additional light on the subject :
USNORTHCOM was prepositioned for response to the hurricane , but as per the National Response Plan , we support the lead federal agency in disaster relief — in this case , FEMA .
The simple description of the process is the state requests federal assistance from FEMA which in turn may request assistance from the military upon approval by the president or Secretary of Defense .
Having worked the hurricanes from last year as well as Dennis this year , we knew that FEMA would make requests of the military — primarily in the areas of transportation , communications , logistics , and medicine .
Thus we began staging such assets and waited for the storm to hit .
The biggest hurdles to responding to the storm were the storm itself — could n’t begin really helping until it passed — and damage assessment — figuring out which roads were passable , where communications and power were out , etc.
Military helos began damage assessment and SAR on Tuesday .
Thus we had permission to operate as soon as it was possible .
We even brought in night SAR helos to continue the mission on Tuesday night .
The President and Secretary of Defense did authorize us to act right away and are not to blame on this end .
Yes , we have to wait for authorization , but it was given in a timely manner .
That ’s good to hear , but it strikes a different tone than what Kelly told the BBC .
If the authorization was timely , and was given when it should have been , then the process worked far better than the BBC report suggested .
Have you ever dream of 100 terabyte of data per 3.5 - inch disk ?
New patented innovation nanotechnology from Michael E. Thomas , president of Colossal Storage Corporation , makes it real .
Michael invented and patented the world 's first and only concept for non-contact UV photon induced electric field poling of ferroelectric non-linear photonic bandgap crystals , which offers the possibility of controlling and manipulating light within a UV / Deep Blue frequency of 1 nm to 400 nm .
It took him 14 years to find a practical conceptualization that would work to advance the storage industry ; 3D Volume Holographic Optical Storage Nanotechnology , for which Michael holds the patents .
He was invited to present this fascinating discovery to the National Science Foundation in February 2004 .
This invention and patents on a technique for changing matter at the molecular level is one of the World 's only new enabling technologies , having many hundreds of electro - optic applications .
Atomic Holographic Nanotechnology will allow for the first time a functional method for programmable molecular lenses that will allow incoming light to be rejected , modified internally , or allowed to pass unaltered through a transparent lens known as disk , tape , card , drum , film , etc .
By being able to program optical lenses , many applications based on light and color can be developed , such as holographic storage , bio - terror detection devices , optical electronics , security products , and hundreds of other products never seen before on the world 's markets .
The small size of ferroelectric transparent structures makes it possible to fabricate nano - optical devices , such as volume holographic storage , having both positive and negative index of refraction that will allow molecular particles of an atomic size to be modified , controlled , and changed to perform a specific function , desired task , used for low cost accurate chemical / biological matter detection , and reprogrammed to accept new non-volatile data and molecular functions .
The expected cost of the Atomic Holographic DVR disc drive will be from $ 570 to $ 750 with the replacement discs for $ 45 .
One 10 terabyte to 100 terabyte 3.5 in FEdisk would be EQUAL to a 10,000 to 100,000 Gigabyte disk drive .
That 's greater 1,000 times any State of the Art hard disk technology with 100 Gigabytes on one disk .
2 EXABYTES of NEW data is generated every year world wide , and growing .
Michael is a 30 - year pioneer in the development of peripheral storage technologies and a holder of various patents .
“ In 1974 I was making 5 Megabyte disk packs - the biggest at that time in the world .
At the same time , IBM , Burroughs , Honeywell , and other Computer professionals said no one would ever need that much storage , ” says Michael .
“ In 1989 Bill Gates ( the Chairman of Microsoft ) said that the personal computer would never need more than 256 Kbytes of cache memory and 40 megabytes of hard drive storage .
Today 's PC has on average 1 - 2 megabytes of cache and 20 to 60 gigabyte hard drives .
The need for new storage technology is evident to only to those having backgrounds in data storage . ”
Colossal Storage Theory of Operation of Patented Technology
“ I gave up two times because I was not able to work thru a concept of non-volatile , non-destructive readout , ” says Michael .
“ I finally had a break thru when reviewing Einstein / Plank and Niels Bohr Atomic Theories . ”
He found that by using an Ultra Violet Photon and an Electric Field it was possible , theoretically , to use the electrons ( write current ) to make the binary state molecule transition back and forth between the two states .
The " Atomic Switch " was born .
The concept of an atomic or molecular switch by " Photon / Laser Induced Electric Field Poling " existed .
By using UV photons of lesser quantum energy it was possible to use diffraction and interference from the binary states of the molecule .
The changing state of the molecule and the diffracted photons allowing for a group of light and dark lines to be characterized as data .
3D Volume means reading and writing billions of bits at one time in Volume ( x , y , z ) .
There are still a lot of research and development unknowns for this new and fascinating atomic holographic optical storage , but Michael believes that he has created a revolutionary concept to keep pace with requirements of mass data storage , for the next millennium .
Link : Colossal Storage Corporation
Explore further Deadly microbe water warning lifted for all but 1 Texas city
Interaction designers face a dilemma :
Users want power , features , and enough options to handle all of their special needs .
( Everybody is a special case somehow .
For example :
Who wants line numbers in a word processor ?
Millions of users , that 's who , including most big law firms . )
, features , and enough options to handle all of their special needs .
( Everybody is a special case somehow .
For example :
Who wants line numbers in a word processor ?
Millions of users , that 's who , including most big law firms . )
Users want simplicity ; they do n't have time learn a profusion of features in enough depth to select the few that are optimal for their needs .
Progressive disclosure is one of the best ways to satisfy both of these conflicting requirements .
It 's a simple , yet powerful idea :
Initially , show users only a few of the most important options .
Offer a larger set of specialized options upon request .
Disclose these secondary features only if a user asks for them , meaning that most users can proceed with their tasks without worrying about this added complexity .
The print dialog box is the classic example of progressive disclosure .
When you issue the command to print a document , you 'll get a dialog box with a small set of choices — mainly , how many copies to print , but possibly a few other variations , such as whether to print the entire document or a subset , and which printer to use .
Sadly , print dialog boxes have grown bloated over the past decade , and some applications offer an initial dialog box with highly detailed options that would be better placed in a secondary dialog box .
The initial print dialog box typically contains one or more buttons for advanced options .
These buttons lead to secondary dialogs that let users specify rarely used settings , such as scaling and printing the pages in reverse sequence .
If the user clicks the advanced options button , the system discloses the additional features .
Applications vs. Websites
Progressive disclosure has long been one of application design 's primary guidelines , because most applications have so many commands , features , and options that it makes sense to defer some to a secondary area .
Websites have grown so complex that progressive disclosure is a good idea for many information - rich sites as well .
Deferring secondary material is also a key guideline for mobile design .
An ecommerce site , for example , might mention a few key product attributes on the primary product page and let users click through to a secondary page to see the product 's full specifications .
Hypertext provides a simple implementation of progressive disclosure : higher - level pages contain higher - level concepts and simplified descriptions , and lower - level pages fill in the details for those users who want to know everything .
Benefits of Progressive Disclosure
In a system designed with progressive disclosure , the very fact that something appears on the initial display tells users that it 's important .
For novice users , this helps prioritize their attention so that they spend time only on features that are most likely to be useful to them .
By hiding the advanced settings , progressive disclosure helps novice users avoid mistakes and saves them the time they would have spent contemplating features that they do n't need .
For advanced users , the smaller initial display also saves them time because they avoid having to scan past a large list of features they rarely use .
Progressive disclosure thus improves 3 of usability 's 5 components : learnability , efficiency of use , and error rate .
You might assume that by initially focusing users ' attention on a few core features , they might build a limiting mental model of the system and thus be unable to understand all of their options .
Research says that these are groundless worries : people understand a system better when you help them prioritize features and spend more time on the most important ones .
Usability Criteria for Progressive Disclosure
Simple as the concept may seem , there are two things you must get right when designing for progressive disclosure :
You must get the right split between initial and secondary features .
You have to disclose everything that users frequently need up front , so that they have to progress to the secondary display only on rare occasions .
Conversely , the primary list can't contain too many options or you 'll fail to sufficiently focus users ' attention on truly important issues .
Finally , the initial display can't contain confusing features or you 'll slow down user performance .
.
You have to disclose everything that users frequently need up front , so that they have to progress to the secondary display only on rare occasions .
Conversely , the primary list can't contain too many options or you 'll fail to sufficiently focus users ' attention on truly important issues .
Finally , the initial display can't contain confusing features or you 'll slow down user performance .
It must be obvious how users progress from the primary to the secondary disclosure levels : First , make the mechanics of this operation simple .
For a website , follow the guidelines for visualizing links .
For an application , place the advanced features button in a clearly visible spot .
Second , label the button or link in a way that sets clear expectations for what users will find when they progress to the next level .
( In other words , the progression should have strong information scent . )
from the primary to the secondary disclosure levels :
Regarding the first point , how do you determine which features the initial disclosure level should contain ?
Task analysis and field studies can give you insights into what people need , even if you 're working on a new design .
If you 're improving an existing system , frequency - of - use statistics can help you prioritize the features .
For a website , basic analytics tell you how often people look at various pages .
However , you must supplement such analytics with observational usability testing to discern whether a page gets many hits because users want it or because they simply enter the page by mistake .
For an application , you can get even more detailed usage data by instrumenting the code to record how often people use various features .
In theory , there 's no reason why you can't have multiple levels of progressive disclosure .
Even though the secondary level is for experienced users , there are still limits to how complex it should be ; some options might be so specialized or rare that you should relegate them to a tertiary level .
In practice , designs that go beyond 2 disclosure levels typically have low usability because users often get lost when moving between the levels .
If you have so many features that you need 3 or more levels , consider simplifying your design .
If you can't scale back the complexity , at least chunk your advanced features into groups that make sense , so that users need check only one place and can ignore any areas that they do n't need .
Use traditional techniques like card sorting to get the grouping right , and invest extra time in user testing to ensure that your design supports real task performance , including both common tasks and advanced tasks .
It 's also possible to have multiple secondary displays , each of which is revealed by a different control on the initial display .
The obvious upside to this is that you can accommodate more features without introducing a tertiary level .
The obvious downside is added complexity on the initial level , since users must consider multiple buttons for advanced options .
Because progressive disclosure 's goal is to expedite use of the initial display , it 's rarely a good idea to offer multiple ways to progress to secondary options .
If you must do this , however , at least ensure that you clearly label all choices .
Staged Disclosure : One Step at a Time
Staged disclosure is a variant in which users step through a linear sequence of options , with a subset displayed at each step .
Wizards are the classic example of staged disclosure .
The differences between progressive disclosure and staged disclosure are :
Progressive Disclosure Staged Disclosure Initial display Core features Features that users access first in the task sequence Subsequent display (s ) Secondary features Features that users access later in the task , even if these features are equally important ( or more important )
Do users access subsequent displays ?
Usually not — most users get what they need on the initial display Yes — unless users stop the task before completing the sequence Navigation between displays Hierarchical : users start at the initial display and , if necessary , move to the secondary display and then ( often ) return to the initial display Linear : users progress through the task one step at a time Main usability benefit Learnability : novice users are focused on the most useful features and confusingly advanced features are hidden Simplicity : each step is simple and its purpose is clear because features that belong to other steps are hidden
Staged disclosure is useful when you can divide a task into distinct steps that have little interaction .
It is problematic when the steps are interdependent and users must alternate between them .
When researching the usability of 46 web - based applications , we tested a hotel reservation system that squeezed all the reservation stages onto a single screen .
Comparing this design with most hotel sites — which distribute the reservation stages over multiple pages — shows the benefits and drawbacks of staged disclosure :
The single - screen design worked well when users were trying to decide which hotel room to get because it displayed , on a single screen , the availability and prices for different hotel room categories across various date options considered by the user .
Most hotel sites show room categories , prices , dates , and availability across multiple pages , making it more difficult to experiment with various what - if scenarios .
People use all of these features together , with frequent back - and - forth modifications , so they should be on 1 screen .
The single - screen design also caused usability problems because it included a segment for users to enter their address and credit card information .
Hotels need such information to complete a booking , but it 's not needed during the exploratory phase when users are experimenting with various reservations .
Staged disclosure would defer the payment details to a secondary screen .
Doing so would leave more space on the first screen for room information and the exploratory interface , thus protecting users from various errors that result when too many options are displayed at the same time .
As this example shows , staged disclosure requires a thorough task analysis to understand which options are used together and which are better thought of as separate stages .
The more features you can defer , the simpler your design , but if you divide the task into too many steps , users get bogged down by excess navigation .
The single - screen hotel reservation design would have been better as a 2 - screen design — something overlooked by many naïve analyses that consider 1 screen vs. 5 screens to be the only choices .
Testing the 1 - screen design with real users ( which the hotels do n't seem to have done ) quickly shows that the compromise of a 2 - screen solution would be better .
Managing Complexity
Progressive disclosure and staged disclosure are both strategies to manage the profusion of features and options in modern user interfaces .
They are both more than 30 years old and have proven themselves useful in countless applications , and even some websites .
Try them — but stay aware of their weaknesses .
5 reasons to teach toddlers sign language
If you enjoy this post , make sure you subscribe to Be A Good Dad to receive new posts in your email or feed reader
When the kids were born I saw a sign that invited parents to sign up their six month old kids for a sign language class .
I planned on following through but forgot about it .
We picked up a copy of Talking Hands when the kids were about 1 1/2 and quickly realized what a great opportunity we had missed .
In my experience there are at least 5 benefits to learning sign language as early as possible .
Kids are able to communicate before they can talk .
A lot of late infant / early toddler tantrums are caused by the kids not being able to explain what they need .
Two languages reinforce each other .
Since the kids can talk and sign at the same time , they both work together to help the child get better at both .
Gets kids used to mimicking .
Kids learn most things by immitating how somebody else does it .
The quicker they start developing an interest in mimicking their parents the better .
Fun play .
Kids like movement and signing definitely can get a toddler moving .
Developes attention skills .
Since you have to watch the signer to “ hear ” the words , kids are forced to make eye contact and pay attention to what is being said .
I ’ve been able to use sign language in loud places where our kids would not have been able to distinguish my voice in the crowd but were able to focus on my hands .
When we have our next kid , I will be showing them signs from day one so he or she can communicate with us as early as possible .
Here ’s a couple sign language books for learning some of the basics .
Sign Language for Kids : A Fun & Easy Guide to American Sign Language
My First 100 Words ( Sign Language )
The real cost of bottled water
San Franciscans and other Bay Area residents enjoy some of the nation 's highest quality drinking water , with pristine Sierra snowmelt from the Hetch Hetchy reservoir as our primary source .
Every year , our water is tested more than 100,000 times to ensure that it meets or exceeds every standard for safe drinking water .
And yet we still buy bottled water .
Why ?
Maybe it 's because we think bottled water is cleaner and somehow better , but that 's not true .
The federal standards for tap water are higher than those for bottled water .
The Environmental Law Foundation has sued eight bottlers for using words such as " pure " to market water that contains bacteria , arsenic and chlorine .
Bottled water is no bargain either :
It costs 240 to 10,000 times more than tap water .
For the price of one bottle of Evian , a San Franciscan can receive 1,000 gallons of tap water .
Forty percent of bottled water should be labeled bottled tap water because that is exactly what it is .
But even that does n't dampen the demand .
Clearly , the popularity of bottled water is the result of huge marketing efforts .
The global consumption of bottled water reached 41 billion gallons in 2004 , up 57 percent in just five years .
Even in areas where tap water is clean and safe to drink , such as in San Francisco , demand for bottled water is increasing -- producing unnecessary garbage and consuming vast quantities of energy .
So what is the real cost of bottled water ?
Most of the price of a bottle of water goes for its bottling , packaging , shipping , marketing , retailing and profit .
Transporting bottled water by boat , truck and train involves burning massive quantities of fossil fuels .
More than 5 trillion gallons of bottled water is shipped internationally each year .
Here in San Francisco , we can buy water from Fiji ( 5,455 miles away ) or Norway ( 5,194 miles away ) and many other faraway places to satisfy our demand for the chic and exotic .
These are truly the Hummers of our bottled - water generation .
As further proof that the bottle is worth more than the water in it , starting in 2007 , the state of California will give 5 cents for recycling a small water bottle and 10 cents for a large one .
Just supplying Americans with plastic water bottles for one year consumes more than 47 million gallons of oil , enough to take 100,000 cars off the road and 1 billion pounds of carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere , according to the Container Recycling Institute .
In contrast , San Francisco tap water is distributed through an existing zero- carbon infrastructure : plumbing and gravity .
Our water generates clean energy on its way to our tap -- powering our streetcars , fire stations , the airport and schools .
More than 1 billion plastic water bottles end up in the California 's trash each year , taking up valuable landfill space , leaking toxic additives , such as phthalates , into the groundwater and taking 1,000 years to biodegrade .
That means bottled water may be harming our future water supply .
The rapid growth in the bottled water industry means that water extraction is concentrated in communities where bottling plants are located .
This can have a huge strain on the surrounding eco-system .
Near Mount Shasta , the world 's largest food company , Nestle , is proposing to extract billions of gallons of spring water , which could have devastating impacts on the McCloud River .
So it is clear that bottled water directly adds to environmental degradation , global warming and a large amount of unnecessary waste and litter .
All this for a product that is often inferior to San Francisco 's tap water .
Luckily , there are better , less expensive alternatives :
--
In the office , use a water dispenser that taps into tap water .
The only difference your company will notice is that you 're saving a lot of money .
--
At home and in your car , switch to a stainless steel water bottle and use it for the rest of your life knowing that you are drinking some of the nation 's best water and making the planet a better place .
Take the pledge
Signing on to sfenvironment.org or sfwater.org to register not to buy bottled water for a year enters your name in a drawing to win a free stainless steel water bottle .
Here we see the entire Stereo panorama from the Sun to the Earth
The Stereo orbiters , which are nearing their final positions , will study violent solar eruptions known as Coronal Mass Ejections ( CMEs ) .
CMEs hurl energetic particles at Earth that can disrupt power grids and satellite communications .
Stereo will give scientists information they need to forecast " space weather " .
The new panoramic views , which stretch from the Sun to the Earth , are created by combining images from a suite of telescopes onboard the two spacecraft .
Their data will allow scientists to track " solar fronts " .
" The new view from the Stereo spacecraft will greatly improve our ability to forecast the arrival time of severe space weather , " said Dr Russell Howard , principal investigator of Stereo 's Sun-Earth Connection Coronal and Heliospheric Investigation ( Secchi ) .
" Previous imagery did not show the front of a solar disturbance as it travelled toward Earth , so we had to make estimates of when the storm would arrive .
These estimates were uncertain by a day or so .
" With Stereo , we can track the front from the Sun all the way to Earth , and forecast its arrival within a couple hours . "
The Stereo spacecraft will look in detail at solar activity
Enlarge Image
CMEs erupt when " loops " of solar material lifting off the Sun suddenly snap , throwing a high - temperature ( hundreds of thousands of degrees ) plasma into space .
The plasma is made up of electrons and ions of hydrogen and helium .
A CME will typically contain a billion tonnes of matter and move away from the Sun at about 400 km /s .
Much of the time , these outbursts are directed away from the Earth , but some inevitably come our way .
When they do , the particles , and the magnetic fields they carry , can have highly undesirable effects .
They have been known to disrupt the radio communications of aircraft , and even " fry " satellite electronics .
The Stereo ( Solar TErrestrial RElations Observatory ) spacecraft were sent into space on 25 October 2006 , and are currently moving into their prime observation positions .
One probe has been put just ahead of the Earth as it moves around the Sun ; the other is stationed just behind .
The separation between the orbiters allows them to construct 3D images of the Sun -Earth system .
Scientists will use the 3D images to study the structure of CME clouds and to see how they change as they move through space .
" Right now , we do n't know where CMEs slow down , why they slow down , or what forces cause them to slow down , " said Dr Howard .
" The new views from Stereo are like having a curtain lift from our eyes - they are extraordinarily instructive . "
The UK has major interest in the mission , having built the camera detectors on all the imaging instruments .
It also delivered a Heliospheric Imager ( HI ) for each platform .
This instrument is used to follow the progress through space of a CME cloud by tracing its reflected light .
Dr Chris Davis , a member of the UK Stereo team from CCLRC's Rutherford Appleton Laboratory , said : " Every new image from Stereo provides us with further detail about the properties of CMEs forever , adding to our knowledge .
It is exciting to think that the best images , providing a 3D view of the Sun , are yet to come . "
At about 10 p.m. local time on May 8 , 2006 , a 7th Bomb Wing B - 1B Lancer ( Tail Number 86132 - called " Oh! Hard Luck " ) based at Dyess AFB , Texas , made a wheels - up belly landing on runway 31 at Diego Garcia , skidding 7,500 feet down the runway .
The aircraft was landing at the end of an 11 hour ferry mission that started at Andersen AFB , Guam .
During the landing , the B - 1B caught fire and emergency crews extinguished the flames .
The four - person aircrew escaped from the plane through the overhead escape hatch .
The aircraft was finally removed from the runway 4 days later .
The Air Force Accident Investigation , released 18 Septemeber 2006 , concluded the pilots forgot to lower the landing gear .
The USAF estimated the damage to the B - 1B at $ 7.9 million , and the damage to the runway at $ 14,025 .
RBRM and those old SEABEES made one tough runway , that 's for sure !
For those of you who 've never seen a $ 285,000,000.00 bomber on the deck , here she is !
And at the bottom is a picture of what $ 7.9 million in repairs and a year of work can accomplish !
ALL BETTER ...
Photos from the last week of April 2007 .
Note DG's EMPTY ramp .
A regular ghost town now that ops moved to the Gulf .
As the Germans used to say , " For you , zuh vohr ist oh - fer " ...
Finally , here she is flying today ...
Maintenance can fix ANYTHING !
Surprising to me is that this page has generated more comments than any other page on the web site recently !
Some are not fit to print ( although enjoyable to read ) .
I hope all realize that the explanation of the accident above is taken from the AF Times and AF Magazine , and are NOT the comments of the webmaster .
For those interested , here are some Other Points of View : Date = 11 Dec 6 06:58:09
YEARS =
Was never there , but read the story of the B - 1B Belly Flop
NAME = Kerry J. Logan
MY QUEST = Exonerate the pilots
E-MAIL = logan1776@readytek.net
NATIONALITY = USA
SERVICE = USAF left in 1990
RANK / RATE /JOB = SSgt Able Avionics , F - 111 B - Shop , F - 15 A - Shop , Nuclear Weapons Specialist B - 61 and B - 83 plus SRAM .
Bailed out before Clinton showed .
MY INTEREST IN DG IS = Stroll Down Memory Lane
SUBJECT OF MY STORY : = Actually , I Have a Real Story To Tell
MY WARSTORY =
You know , I was involved in an accident investigation of an F - 111A that landed with its nose gear down and the mains never would lower .
The pilot and copilot had tried numerous times to lower the gears , and only the nose gear would work , so they tried to blow them down with an emergency bottle that charges the hydraulic lines with 3000 psi of nitrogen .
Still , the only one to come down was the nose gear .
After the pilot dumped fuel and came in for the landing , the nose gear worked fine and the engine nacelle panels were the only panels damaged .
We put the plane on jacks in a hanger and connected hydraulics and
electric power to the plane .
At the command of the teams NCOIC , I lowered the gear and they all cycled down as advertised .
We never did find a problem with
the plane , certified it air worthy and it never had another landing gear problem .
I wonder if the findings were true on that B - 1B .
I bet he landed with the handle up so he would not have them cycle while he was landing .
So , when the
team did their investigation , the handle was still in the upright position .
Another career bites the dust .
Sincerely ,
Kerry Logan
EX - Air Force B - Shop - Mtn Home AFB , Idaho
Now in Utah as a civilian Field Service Engineer
This is the day the Lord hath made ; we will rejoice and be glad in it .
( Psalms 118:24 ) 17 December 06
Ken Ingle [ k.ingle@comcast.net ]
You do n't forget to put down the landing gear in today 's planes .
In fact , most modern electronically equipped airplanes wo n't permit it .
There had to be some kind of malfunction other than the pilot to cause the crash .
Ken Ingle
k.ingle@tx.rr.com
From : " Maynard , Michael C TSgt 39 MXS / MXMEE " < Michael.Maynard@incirlik.af.mil >
To : easy501@zianet.com
Date : 05 Jan 2007 , 02:05:05 AM
Subject : Diego Garcia , comment on B - 1 belly landing .
I would like to add a comment on the B - 1 belly landing .
Actually , there is a warning horn that sounds if the throttles are pulled back passed flight idle .
If the landing gear are not down this warning horn sounds off and believe me there 's no way you could ignore it .
There is a warning horn silence button located next to the landing gear handle , this effectively silences the horn if you intentionally do n't have the gear down for some reason .
If the crew were having landing gear problems , standard procedure is to call the tower and declare an In - Flight Emergency ( IFE ) .
I do n't know the contents of the accident investigation report but my guess is they did not call in any IFE .
So either way , the crew was not following procedures .
v/r
TSgt Michael Maynard
USAF / Active Duty ( 15 Years )
Aircraft Electrical & Environmental Systems Craftsman
Email : st_rider_2003@yahoo.com
From : Christopher Anymouse .
12 May 07
I was a B - one crew chief with the 7th BW for six years and have turned many a wrench on 132 .
I stumbled on this page accidently and could n't help but laugh at 132's photos .
TSgt Michael Maynard is right to some extent in regards to the " Master Audio cut - out switch " .
It is located on the co-pilots inst .
panel , strategically placed right above the VSDI and approximately 10 inches above the Landing gear control panel .
When pressed , the aural tone heard in the crew 's headsets will disappear .
But if the cause of the tone is not remedied , the tone will resound .
Now here 's the good stuff .
During 132's approach , there was a B - 52 on fire at the hammer head and with a ground emergency , there comes alot of radio chatter from the tower .
My sources inform me that the circuit breaker for the aural tone generator ( the thing that makes the tones in the headsets ) was also pulled .
That CB is located on the OSO 's PCA panel in the rear of the crew compartment .
After a couple of loud burst from the aural tone generator , the CB was pulled .
I can't even begin to imagine why the gear was not dropped when the tone sounded the first time .
Also , it was noted that the Aircrew did not follow the landing check list .
The co-pilot just never threw the gear handle .
There was no fault with the landing gear or its systems which can be seen being " blown " down in the pics .
The two pilots , from what I was told had their wings pulled .
The two back seaters are not involved in take - off or landing procedures and were not punished .
OH !
Hard Luck , how ironic .
Thanks ,
Mors Ab Altoids
Editor 's Note : Hey Chris !
Thanks for the clarification .
As an ex-USAF pilot myself ( T - 43s & C - 141s ) , your explanation makes the most sense - it is virtually impossible to silence that horn completely in any modern military aircraft without pulling ( oops , my flight engineer would have a cow - " opening " ) a CB .
As for loosing wings , my guess is that they did not , unless they were regular fuckups .
Like we used to say " do n't worry , you have to screw {it} up twice " .
The regs are pretty clear - you have to show a history of poor judgment to loose your wings .
Of course , if the AC directed that the CB be pulled , and did n't follow the checklist , we 'll the reason they made it a Tech " ORDER " was so they could get you for violating a direct order , so maybe they did loose their wings .
Good thing it did n't happen in fifty years ago .
Curt LeMay would have had their balls for breakfast .
From December 2009 : Hi .
Hey I wanted to ad a comment to the B - 1 Gear Up landing page .
I was on that deployment with the Squadron and I ended up flying our first combat mission on that deployment right after we got the runway cleaned up and I knew both the pilot and co-pilot of the aircraft that landed gear up .
The official , publicly released Accident Investigation Board report stated that the crew forgot to lower the landing gear .
I have nothing to dispute that report .
I would ad , however , that immediately prior to the B - 1 landing gear up that a B - 52 from the unit we were replacing landed and caught fire with a brake fire while the B - 1 crew from the gear up landing was on their first approach .
Which was certainly a distractor from the B - 1 crew ’s normal routine , and they had also just flown from the states to Guam the day prior .
Unfortunately , to my knowledge , those two pilots are no longer employed as such by the Air Force .
I had flown with the co-pilot on a previous mission back in the states & he did fine .
Knew the Aircraft Commander , too , he was on his way to upgrading to instructor - very nice , smart , professional guy , - Masters from Harvard even , I think .
I was not on their board to decide whether or not they flew again , glad that I was n’t .
There are two bottom lines here - you land a multimillion dollar jet gear up as an experienced , qualified pilot and you can expect to be fired - no surprise there , not saying if I would have voted any differently if it were my call .
But the other bottom line is there , too , and it is as follows :
In War , shit happens despite people ’s best efforts .
It ’s called the fog of war .
Anonymous BONE crew dog .
Editor 's Note : Some great points .
I think the fact that the " system " intimidates even professionals like yourself into commenting anonymously is the reason good men ( and women ) like this plane 's crew get screwed .
It is a " one- mistake " Air Force - we all know that , and it is tragic .
Want to see a Canadian website with a lot of cool aircraft photos , including these ?
http://www.flightglobal.com/airspace/media/default.aspx
A piece of supervolcano and extracted quartz crystals analyzed for titanium .
Credit : Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute / David Wark
Researchers at Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute have discovered what likely triggered the eruption of a “ supervolcano ” that coated much of the western half of the United States with ash fallout 760,000 years ago .
Using a new technique developed at Rensselaer , the team determined that there was a massive injection of hot magma underneath the surface of what is now the Long Valley Caldera in California some time within 100 years of the gigantic volcano ’s eruption .
The findings suggest that this introduction of hot melt led to the immense eruption that formed one of the world ’s largest volcanic craters or calderas .
The research , which is featured in the March 2007 edition of the journal Geology , sheds light on what causes these large - scale , explosive eruptions , and it could help geologists develop methods to predict such eruptions in the future , according to David Wark , research professor of earth and environmental sciences at Rensselaer and lead author of the paper .
The 20 - mile - long Long Valley Caldera was created when the supervolcano erupted .
The geologists focused their efforts on Bishop Tuff , an expanse of rock that was built up as the hot ash cooled following the eruption .
The researchers studied the distribution of titanium in quartz crystals in samples taken from Bishop Tuff .
A team from Rensselaer previously discovered that trace levels of titanium can be analyzed to determine the temperature at which the quartz crystallized .
By monitoring titanium , Wark and his colleagues confirmed that the outer rims of the quartz had formed at a much hotter temperature than the crystal interiors .
The researchers concluded that after the interiors of the quartz crystals had grown , the magma system was “ recharged ” with an injection of fresh , hot melt .
This caused the quartz to partly dissolve , before starting to crystallize again at a much higher temperature .
Analyses of titanium also revealed that the high - temperature rim - growth must have taken place within only 100 years of the massive volcano ’s eruption .
This suggests that the magma recharge so affected the physical properties of the magma chamber that it caused the supervolcano to erupt and blanket thousands of square miles with searing ash .
“ The Long Valley Caldera has been widely studied , but by utilizing titanium in quartz crystals as a geothermometer we were able to provide new insight into the reasons for its last huge eruption , ” Wark said .
“ This research will help geologists understand how supervolcanoes work and what may cause them to erupt , and this in turn may someday help predict future eruptions . ”
Source : Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
U.S. Representatives Rick Boucher ( D - VA ) and John Doolittle ( R - CA ) today announced the Freedom And Innovation Revitalizing U.S. Entrepreneurship Act of 2007 ( FAIR USE Act ) .
The bill 's aim is to help put an end to the madness circulating around the general imbalance that has befallen copyright in recent years .
" Historically , the nation 's copyright laws have reflected a carefully calibrated balanced between the rights of copyright owners and the rights of the users of copyrighted material .
The Digital Millennium Copyright
Act dramatically tilted the copyright balance toward complete copyright protection at the expense of the public 's right to fair use , " Representative Boucher said in a statement .
" The FAIR USE Act will assure that consumers who purchase digital media can enjoy a broad range of uses of the media for their own convenience in a way which does not infringe the copyright in the work , " Boucher added .
But can the FAIR USE Act deliver ?
A cursory investigation suggests that the bill wo n't make much of a dent in the DMCA .
In its present form , the FAIR USE Act is effectively a watered - down version of Boucher 's DMCRA , which was strongly opposed by the content industry and failed to gain traction in the 108th and 109th Congresses .
The DMCRA would have made any " fair use " of digital goods legal , regardless of anti-circumvention laws .
The FAIR USE
Act does not provide this , as it was a major sticking point with the content industry .
If passed , the FAIR USE Act will amend the DMCA to codify recent exceptions granted to the anti-circumvention rules by the Register of Copyrights , which include some allowances for obsolete technologies and cell phone unlocking .
Current exemptions allow the circumvention of anti-copying technology for : 1 ) the educational library of a university 's media studies department ; 2 ) using computer software that requires the original disks or hardware in order to run ; 3 ) dongle - protected computer programs , if the the dongle no longer functions and a replacement cannot be found ; 4 ) protected e-books , in order to use screen - reader software ; 5 ) cell phone firmware that ties a phone to a specific wireless network ; and 6 ) DRM software included on audio CDs , but only when such software creates security vulnerabilities on personal computers .
Yet again , the bill does not appear to deliver on what most observers want : clear protection for making personal use copies of encrypted materials .
There is no allowance for consumers to make backups of DVDs , to strip encryption from music purchased online so that it can be played anywhere , or to generally do any of the things that the DMCA made illegal in one fell swoop .
The bill does seek to place limits on statutory damages stemming from infringement , including contributory infringement , inducement of infringement , vicarious liability or other indirect infringement .
In doing so , the bill will seek to codify the law regarding inducement and contributory infringement to ease fears among technology companies stemming from the fallout of MGM v Grokster .
According to Boucher 's office , the bill 's supporters include the Consumer Electronics Association , the American Library Association , the American Association of Law Libraries , the Association of Research Libraries , the Special Libraries Association , the Home Recording Rights Coalition , the Computer & Communications Industry Association , and others .
Ars Technica will have in - depth analysis of the bill in the coming days .
There are a lot of everyday situations where people make decisions one after the other , and what is decided earlier affects the choices later on .
One of the more serious of these is finding a partner .
Most people want to find the best possible partner .
Generally in Britain , you only have one partner at a time .
Typical human behaviour is to have a succession of friendships , which come to an end when you decide that the current friend is not suitable to be your partner , and eventually you find " Mr Right " or " Miss Right " and then you make the decision not to go on looking any more .
Quite often , social etiquette means that you can't go back to one of the people that you have rejected earlier , and you can't find out much about anyone who might come along later .
At the British Psychological Society 's conference in April 1997 , on Dr Peter Todd , of the Max Planck Institute in Munich , spoke about the best ( optimal ) strategy for finding a partner .
He also drew a parallel with the employer trying to find a suitable new employee from a range of applicants , and quoted the 37 % rule .
Once you have seen 37 % of the application forms , " a coherent picture of the ideal employee is built up and the next person to fulfil these criteria gets the job " .
Psychologists in several universities have been looking at the way that human beings , animals and birds behave when searching for a mate .
For some reason , the mating behaviour of pied flycatchers has been extensively studied over the last decade .
A rule which determines the best strategy to follow was developed in the middle of the 1960's , and some birds do follow this quite closely in practice .
It is possible to simulate the process of making decisions one after another .
" Googol " is a game which was described by Martin Gardner in his column in the " Scientific American " .
Scattered over a table , there are a lot of cards , face down .
Each one has a sum of money written on the hidden side , and you are allowed to look at one card at a time , decide whether to take the money or throw the card away .
What should you do ?
Other university researchers have looked at the way people go house - hunting .
Looking for an ideal place to live is a problem which has many similar features to that of choosing a partner , although it is a little easier to change a house than to change a partner !
How does a mathematician look at such problems ?
In each case , you have to make decisions in succession .
Each time you make a decision , you either stop and have a reward , or you take the risk of going on to another decision , choosing a partner , a sum of money , a house , an employee .
This mathematical approach is called " optimal stopping " .
Optimal Stopping
Like all mathematical models , we need some assumptions .
The model simplifies the real world , and we need to agree on the way that we build the model .
Here , we will assume that if you looked at all the potential partners ( or sums of money ) , you could put them into order without making any two equal .
But if you can't look at all of the partners , you must be able to work out the order for those that you have seen , and be able to tell if you meet someone who is better than any of them .
We will assume that there are N potential partners , who could be ranked 1 ( the worst ) to N ( the best ) .
We assume that you meet them in a random order .
If there were 4 , each of the 24 orders below would have the same chance of occurring .
What do you want to achieve ?
In the language of mathematics , what is your objective function ?
The simplest model for this problem is to try to make the chance of finding the best partner as large as possible .
It turns out that the best way of selecting is to look at M - 1 of the potential partners ( where M ranges from 1 to N ) and then choose the first one who comes along afterwards who is better than the best that you have seen among those M - 1 .
The reason that this is best is because when you have seen , say 2 potential partners , with one better than the other , you still do n't know whether these are the two best or the two worst or anywhere in between .
So you want to use the information that you have before it is too late !
( The reason for doing the calculations with M - 1 is that M is the Minimum number of potential partners that you will encounter ; there are M - 1 who give you the data you need before you start searching , and the Mth who is the first who can be accepted . )
When N is 4 , you can make a table of the times when you would win with each value of M .
The best value of M is 2 , when you find the best partner on 11 occasions out of the possible 24 .
Choosing the first or the last potential partner means that you find the best one on 6 occasions , which is the same as picking randomly , 1 in N .
But what happens for bigger N ?
You can follow the same exhaustive rule when N is 5 ( 120 possibilities ) and 6 ( 720 possible orders for meeting partners ) but for bigger values , it is sensible to try and find a simpler ( less time - consuming ) way of finding the answer .
It turns out that there is a simple relationship between the best value for M given N potential partners when N is large : the 37 % rule .
This relationship is derived in a separate article in this issue .
See " Optimal stopping " .
Mathematics of finding a partner and eating out
Building models like this gives interesting results , but you do n't know , at the age of zero , how many potential partners you are likely to meet in your lifetime .
Dr Peter Todd turned the problem around .
Instead of trying to estimate the number of potential partners one could consider , he put forward a rule which would work for most people .
He suggested that a typical person should count up to about a dozen potential partners , and then start hunting seriously .
The first dozen would give enough information for a reasonable choice .
The same idea can be applied to the problem of trying to find somewhere to eat .
Because of the limited time available before you get so hungry that you could eat anything , you estimate that you are likely to drive past 7 or 8 pubs , cafes and restaurants .
The optimal policy then is to look at 2 or 3 of them before selecting .
Hopefully you will be satisfied !
The author
Dr David K. Smith , Mathematical Statistics and Operational Research Department , University of Exeter
You can contact him via email D.K.Smith@exeter.ac.uk
David Smith studied mathematics before he went on to specialise in operational research .
When The Independent reported on the British Psychological Society 's conference in April 1997 , see " Choosing a partner is like finding a job " , he was prompted to write to the editor , see " Choice numbers " , to point out that the Dr Todd 's results were familiar ones , at least as far as the newspaper reported them .
He was asked to expand on his letter for PASS Maths .
Okay , I ’m totally hacked !
java.net .URL class officially sucks !
The equals method on this shining example of the JDK API mess actually does a blocking DNS lookup on the host string to resolve to an IP address and then compares the IP addresses rather than the host string .
What freakin’ sense does that make ?
Simple example :
URL url1 = new URL ( " http://foo.example.com " ) ; URL url2 = new URL ( " http://example.com " ) ;
Let ’s say these map to these IP addresses :
http://foo.example.com => 245.10.10.1 http://example.com => 245.10.10.1
Here ’s the scary part :
url1.equals ( url2 ) => true !
These two URLs are NOT equal , ever !
They could be different web apps , have different failure IPs and even different servers using a load balancer .
At 2 AM they might have the same IP , at 2 PM they might have different ones .
They might be in different states or different countries .
And here is the kicker !
URL ’s equals method is n’t idempotent !
If you call it with an Internet connection you might get a different result than if you call it without one !
Seriously !
I disconnected my ethernet card and got this :
url1.equals ( url2 ) => false !
Plus , if you have an Internet connection you have to do a DNS lookup in the equals method of URL to compare IP addresses .
This is horribly slow and just a plain old bad idea .
You ca n’t use these in Maps , Sets , Sorted anything or just ever call equals because it takes nearly a second best case to resolve the host name , even on a fast connection .
This code took over 4 minutes to execute :
Set < URL > excludeURLs = ... ; // approximately 20 List < URL > testURLs = ... ; // approximately 400 for ( URL url : testURLs ) { if ( excludeURLs.contains ( url ) ) { continue ; } doSomeWork ( url ) ; }
Argh !
This class sucks and I refuse to ever use it again .
I ’ll always use URI from now on since it does n’t suck .
The author tag still says James Gosling , so I ask you Mr. Gosling , what were you thinking ?
Here are the Firefox extensions I recommend and have installed right now and a short description of each .
All the links link to the mozilla addons page except siteadvisor .
Gmail Notifier : Gmail notifier displays a small mail icon in the status bar .
The icon has to its side the number of unread email messages to your Gmail account .
You make it play a sound every time you get mail .
Its a very lighweight extension that simply works .
I could n't live without it .
ChatZilla : ChatZilla is by no means a challenger to mainstream IRC clients such as mIRC .
ChatZilla is however my IRC client of choice .
This is in part due because I can set an IRC channel as one of my homepage tabs and I will be connected to the channel when I start Firefox .
ChatZilla does not rival mIRC 's nook and cranny customization , but its just perfect enough for me unlike other bloated IRC clients .
Adblock :
Thanks to adblock , my most visited websites are virtually rid of advertisements unless they are flash .
With adblock you can right click an image to filter it and refresh the page .
GooglePreview : GooglePreview is a short and sweet extension that uses Alexa 's database to generate a screenshot of each result of a Google search .
At first I thought it would just waste time but I have gotten extremely used to it .
StumbleUpon :
One of my primary sources of entertainment when I have nothing productive to do .
Stumbleupon asks you for your interests and then you can go to random websites which are related to your interests .
I bookmark interesting sites and visit them later , many of the things I post on my blog are finds from stumbleupon .
CustomizeGoogle : CustomizeGoogle provides you with many ways in which you can customize small little details of your Google searches .
CustomizeGoogle is capable of slight but useful customization .
IE tab : I have heard many IE users complain about Firefox 's compatibility with some websites .
While the websites that are messed up when viewwed with Firefox are few indeed , it is undeniable that they exist .
With IEtab all these troubles are gone ; if a page is messed up , simply click on the IE symbol in the status bar and the page will automatically be refreshed with IE although still within Firefox .
SiteAdvisor : SiteAdvisor is extremely useful to determine if a website is malicious or not .
SiteAdvisor rates a website green , yellow , or red to determine their safety .
You can click on the site report and it contains a plethora of useful information about how the site 's rating was determined .
Performancing : Definetely the most useful extension on the list .
This very post was written using this extension and for very good reasons .
Out of all the blog posting software I have looked into , Performancing definitely comes out on top .
Performancing is not the one with the most features or the most amazing features , but it is simply the best because of reasons that deserve their own post separate from this one .
ImageBot :
Not a very popular extension but I use it for my blog because I do n't have a lot of pictures hosted .
With this extension you can drag and drop or just plain upload images from your computer or the web to Imageshack or Photobucket .
One of the benefits is that you can upload multiple images to my hosting website of choice , Imageshack .
Flashblock : Flash is my least favorite extension at the moment .
Although it does whats its supposed to , it blocks all flash elements and so it is extremely hard to use websites with a significant amount designed with flash .
Not many of my heavily visited websites use flash at all , except for advertisements , so it is n't a big problem .
Ad blocking is the main reason a use Flashblock .
DownThemAll : DTA is a download manager for Firefox which also has the ability to download all the elements of a webpage .
The download manager is very nice and it certainly is a great improvement over the default .
The ability to download all the elements of a page has only been useful about twice but maybe I will find some use for this .
FoxyTunes : FoxyTunes is the music player of choice for Firefox users .
It sits on the status bar and has all the controls an average miniplayer has .
FoxyTunes is able to interact with Winamp , iTunes , and many more .
Bookmark Duplicate Detector : I do n't have much to say on this one as the name is self explenatory .
I use this one in order to catch duplicates that form because of my hundreds of bookmakrs in Firefox .
Sage : Sage and FeedReader are the RSS readers I 've been using and I think they are here to stay .
Sage 's simplicity and the fact that it is integrated in firefox is definitely its strong point .
Besides this there is n't anything new or innovative .
View Source Chart : I saw this recently in Digg and I thought I would give it a chance .
I do n't look at html source code often but when I do this little extension is extremely helpful to understand hierarchies within the page and such .
A Post By : Darren Rowse
The Rule of Thirds is perhaps the most well - known ‘ rule ’ of photographic composition .
The “ Rule of Thirds ” one of the first things that beginner photographers learn about in classes on photography and rightly so as it can help you create well balanced and interesting shots .
I will say right up front however that rules are meant to be broken and ignoring this one does n’t mean your images are necessarily unbalanced or uninteresting .
However a wise person once told me that if you intend to break a rule you should always learn it first to make sure your breaking of it is all the more effective !
Also keep in mind it ’s just one composition technique of many – we have quite a few articles on other techniques and rules of composition here .
What is the Rule of Thirds ?
The basic principle behind the rule of thirds is to imagine breaking an image down into thirds ( both horizontally and vertically ) so that you have 9 parts .
As follows .
As you ’re taking an image you would have done this in your mind through your viewfinder or in the LCD display that you use to frame your shot .
With this grid in mind the ‘ rule of thirds ’ now identifies four important parts of the image that you should consider placing points of interest in as you frame your image .
Not only this – but it also gives you four ‘ lines ’ that are also useful positions for elements in your photo .
The theory is that if you place points of interest in the intersections or along the lines that your photo becomes more balanced and will enable a viewer of the image to interact with it more naturally .
Studies have shown that when viewing images that people ’s eyes usually go to one of the intersection points most naturally rather than the center of the shot – using the rule of thirds works with this natural way of viewing an image rather than working against it .
In addition to the above picture of the bee where the bee ’s eye becomes the point of focus here are some of examples :
Another Example of the Rule of Thirds
In this image I ’ve purposely placed the head of my subject on one of the intersecting points – especially his eyes which are a natural point of focus for a portrait .
His tie and flower also take up a secondary point of interest .
In this shot I ’ve placed the subject along a whole line which means she is considerably off center and therefore creating an additional point of interest .
Placing her right in the center of the frame could have resulted in an ‘ awkward ’ shot .
In a similar way a good technique for landscape shots is to position horizons along one of the horizontal lines also as I ’ve done with the following shot ( I ’ll let you imagine the lines ) .
Using the Rule of Thirds comes naturally to some photographers but for many of us takes a little time and practice for it to become second nature .
In learning how to use the rule of thirds ( and then to break it ) the most important questions to be asking of yourself are :
What are the points of interest in this shot ?
Where am I intentionally placing them ?
Once again – remember that breaking the rule can result in some striking shots – so once you ’ve learnt it experiment with purposely breaking it to see what you discover .
Lastly – keep the rule of thirds in mind as you edit your photos later on .
Post production editing tools today have good tools for cropping and reframing images so that they fit within the rules .
Experiment with some of your old shots to see what impact it might have on your photos .
Enjoy this tutorial about the Rule of Thirds ?
You may also found our Ultimate Guide to Photography for Beginners tutorial useful .
It ’s one of the most comprehensive articles we ’ve ever written .
… everything in super slow motion
Featured Videos
The video clips on this website were filmed with a special high - speed camera .
The super slow - motion playback lets you visualize effects that cannot be seen with the naked eye or with a standard video camera .
NOTE : No humans or animals were hurt during the filming of any of these clips .
Also , all humans ( and my pet dog ) were willing and eager participants .
Any discomfort was willingly accepted in the interest of science .
Dr. Dave ’s Hall of Fame Videos
Categorized Videos
Note : A video collection DVD ( with sound effects and graphics ) is available on Dr. Dave ’s commercial site .
See Also
Berlin
LAST week , Viacom asked a federal court to order the video - sharing service YouTube to pay it more than $ 1 billion in damages for some 150,000 videos that Viacom claims it owns and YouTube users have shared .
“ You Tube , ” the complaint alleges , “ has harnessed technology to willfully infringe copyrights on a huge scale , ” threatening not just Viacom , but “ the economic underpinnings of one of the most important sectors of the United States economy . ”
Yet as federal courts get started on this multiyear litigation about the legality of a business model , we should not forget one prominent actor in this drama largely responsible for the eagerness with which business disputes get thrown to the courts : the Supreme Court .
For most of the history of copyright law , it was Congress that was at the center of copyright policy making .
As the Supreme Court explained in its 1984 Sony Betamax decision , the Constitution makes plain that “ it is Congress that has been assigned the task of defining the scope of the limited monopoly , ” or copyright .
It has thus been “ Congress that has fashioned the new rules that new technology made necessary . ”
The court explained that “ sound policy , as well as history , supports our consistent deference to Congress when major technological innovations alter the market for copyrighted materials . ”
In the view of the court in Sony , if you do n’t like how new technologies affect copyright , take your problem to Congress .
The court reaffirmed this principle of deference in 2003 , even when the question at stake was a constitutional challenge to Congress ’s extension of copyright by 20 years .
Challenges are evaluated “ against the backdrop of Congress ’s previous exercises of its authority under the Copyright Clause ” of the Constitution , it wrote .
Congress ’s practice — not simply the Constitution ’s text , or its original understanding — thus determined the Constitution ’s meaning .
Baptists and Boundaries
A few days ago I noticed that I had moved up to page one .
If you search Google for the word " eric " , my blog is usually on the second page of the results .
On that day , it was on first page , well ahead of all those poor , unfortunate , lesser - known Erics like Eric Clapton .
At first I thought I might write a blog entry to announce my ascent , but there really is n't much point .
The fact that I am ahead of Eric Clapton in Google 's page ranking is not interesting .
However , there is a reason why this fact is not interesting , and I think that reason is interesting .
Let 's start with a joke that is older than I am
Just inside the gates of heaven , St. Peter sits at a desk checking people in .
Peter : " Welcome to heaven .
What religion ? "
The man at the front of the line says , " Lutheran . "
Glancing at his clipboard , Peter says , " Room 33 .
Be very quiet as you pass room 6 . "
The process repeats itself with the next person in line :
Peter : " Welcome to heaven .
What religion ? "
Person # 2 : " Catholic . "
Peter : " Room 17 .
Be very quiet as you pass room 6 . "
The next person moves to the front of the line with a look of curiosity on her face .
Peter : " Welcome to heaven .
What religion ? "
Person # 3 : " Methodist . "
Peter : " Room 54 .
Be very quiet as you pass room 6 . "
Person # 3 : " Why do you keep telling us to be quiet as we pass room 6 ? "
Peter : " Because the Baptists are in room 6 , and they think they 're the only ones here . "
A rough outline for the remainder of this article
We have boundaries .
We rarely look beyond them .
We assume that stuff outside our boundaries is similar to the stuff inside .
That assumption is always wrong .
Building your product strategy on those assumptions is a Bad Idea .
Boundaries
Most of us rarely step outside the part of the world which is familiar .
I live in Champaign .
I hardly ever go to St. Louis .
There are 130 churches in Champaign .
I 've never stepped inside 122 of them , and I mostly go to the same one every week .
I read the same websites and blogs every day .
It would be easy for me to read other things on the Web , but I do n't .
In those rare circumstances when we do step outside our boundaries , we are usually surprised that everything is different .
A part of us expects everything outside our boundaries to be just like the stuff we see every day .
We are familiar with the very small piece of the world that is nearby .
We extrapolate that and assume that the whole world is similar to what we know .
But it 's not .
Software Blogs
Whenever I speak to a bunch of developers , one of my favorite things to do is ask the crowd if they have ever heard of Joel Spolsky .
Most of the time , far less than half the crowd raises their hand .
Why do I do this ?
Because it helps me remember that life outside my boundaries is a lot different than life here inside .
In this example , one of my boundaries encircles the community built from a cluster of blogs that I tend to read .
If you are reading this article , you are probably a part of that very same community .
You probably also read Joel and Mike and Steve and Jeff and Ian and Scott and Roy and Dharmesh and Larry .
And you probably know that Joel on Software is the # 1 blog for software developers .
So does it surprise you that most software developers have never heard of Joel ?
It always surprises me .
But the fact is that most software developers do n't read blogs .
For that matter , most people on this planet are not software developers .
In fact , most people on Earth do n't have a computer and do n't use the Internet .
On a certain level , we know all these facts and consider them to be obvious .
But on another level , we get surprised every time the reality of one of these facts confronts us .
We do n't look outside our boundaries .
We think we 're the only ones here .
Geek bloggers vs. Grammy winners
Google 's page ranking is really screwed up .
If you search for the word " Eric " ( and ignore the results that are not people ) , the ranking looks like this :
Eric Meyer ( geek ) Eric Raymond ( geek ) Eric Sink ( geek ) Eric Rice ( artist ) Eric Clapton ( popular musician )
The order of this list tends to fluctuate a little , but you get the idea .
A similar problem happens when you search for the word " Joel " :
Joel Spolsky ( geek ) Joel Osteen ( pastor ) Joel Coen ( filmmaker ) Joel Schumaker ( filmmaker ) Billy Joel ( popular musician )
Now Google does n't explicitly say that it sorts people in terms of their world influence or their level of celebrity .
But the ordering suggests something , and whatever that something is , it 's just gotta be wrong .
Eric Clapton is maybe the greatest guitarist of all time .
Billy Joel has sold over 100 million records .
These two guys have 16 and 6 Grammy awards , respectively .
Eric Clapton is probably the most well known " Eric " since that Viking explorer a thousand years ago .
Billy Joel is probably the most well known " Joel " since that guy who wrote a book of the Old Testament .
And both of them are languishing down at # 5 in Google 's rankings for their name .
Any ranking that puts us geek bloggers ahead of these two guys just looks wrong .
If it 's a ranking of the world 's most well - known people , then Spolsky and I do n't belong at all .
If it 's a ranking of the world 's most well - known " American geek know - it - alls running small software companies that sell tools to software developers " , then these legendary musicians should be booted off the list until they can credibly explain to me what a C pointer is .
Objects in browser are smaller than they appear
My point here is not to gripe about Google 's rankings .
My point is that extrapolating from very little data can give us a really warped view of the world .
In this example , we think of Google as really big , but relative to the whole world , it 's really quite small .
It 's not just Google .
Everything on the Web tends to look a lot bigger than it really is .
Amazon is big , right ?
Sorry --
If you sort all retailers by revenue , Amazon does n't make the top 25 .
The gorilla in this market ( Wal - Mart ) has over 30 times as much revenue as Amazon .
One of my favorite things about the web is all the individual communities that live there in the form of discussion boards .
The web connects people in ways that were never possible before .
When we find ourselves in a discussion forum with people from five different continents , that forum looks really big .
But it 's still just five people .
Application of this point to marketing
Most of the time , this " web distortion field " does n't really cause much damage .
It 's not really a big deal to be somewhat clueless due to a narrow perspective .
Eventually we learn the truth .
We 're surprised .
No harm done .
The problem of interest to me is when we wield our cluelessness in making product marketing decisions .
Examples :
In the neighborhood where I live , 100 % of the people need a well that is at least 300 feet deep .
I could extrapolate from this and decide that there is a big market for well drilling in my area .
However , the city water system is only three miles away .
This example may seem absurd , but at this very moment , there are lots of entrepreneurs writing business plans which use similar logic .
One of the most common things you see on an Internet message board is people complaining about the price of something .
Yesterday , Martin Guitar Company announced a new model with a price tag of $ 39,999 .
Folks on the guitar message boards are griping .
Should Chris Martin respond by trying to get this guitar closer to the price of a Toyota Corolla ?
Certainly not .
At 40 grand , he will have no trouble selling every one of those guitars he can make , and all of them will be bought by people who do not post to Internet discussion boards .
Should HP start making the 15C calculator again just because they see a vocal minority of people on the Internet who want one ?
No .
Despite all efforts to show otherwise , the opportunity just is n't big enough to be worth the trouble .
Should Microsoft respond to the clamor of hardcore geeks on the Internet by removing DRM and product activation ?
Not unless these issues start negatively impacting their sales to normal people and corporate buyers .
Should Joss Whedon and Universal make a sequel to Serenity simply because so many of us here on the Internet are crying for more ?
Yes , obviously . :-)
Oh , wait -- that was me being selfish .
The actual marketing answer is : Nope .
Not unless they 've got some credible reason to believe the next film will gross a whole lot more than the $ 25 M they got from the first one .
Bottom Line
So here 's my call to action :
When you do market research for your product idea , make sure you get outside your boundaries .
I spend time in several web communities , and every one of them looks bigger than it really is :
Most software developers do not read blogs .
Most people in the software business do not participate in the Business of Software forum .
Most Martin guitar players do not read the Unofficial Martin Guitar Forum .
Most Illinois basketball fans do not read IlliniBoard.com .
Most woodworkers do not read Sawmill Creek .
For every market niche I know , if I made product strategy decisions based on what I see in communities on the Web , I would be extrapolating from far too little data .
And my decisions would be wrong .
If by chance your boundaries coincide exactly with your target market segment , then go buy a lottery ticket , because you are obviously one of the luckiest people on earth .
The rest of us need to work very hard to fully understand the people we hope will buy our products .
Photo : Ari Versluis & Ellie Uyttenbroek
* Also known as yupster ( yuppie + hipster ) , yindie ( yuppie + indie ) , and alterna - yuppie .
Our preferred term , grup , is taken from an episode of Star Trek ( keep reading ) in which Captain Kirk et al. land on a planet of children who rule the world , with no adults in sight .
The kids call Kirk and the crew “ grups , ” which they eventually figure out is a contraction of “ grown -ups . ”
It turns out that all the grown - ups had died from a virus that greatly slows the aging process and kills anybody who grows up .
Let ’s start with a question .
A few questions , actually : When did it become normal for your average 35 - year - old New Yorker to ( a ) walk around with an iPod plugged into his ears at all times , listening to the latest from Bloc Party ; ( b ) regularly buy his clothes at Urban Outfitters ; ( c ) take her toddler to a Mommy ’s Happy Hour at a Brooklyn bar ; ( d ) stay out till 4 A.M. because he just ca n’t miss the latest New Pornographers show , because who knows when Neko Case will decide to stop touring with them , and everyone knows she ’s the heart of the band ; ( e ) spend $ 250 on a pair of jeans that are artfully shredded to look like they just fell through a wheat thresher and are designed , eventually , to artfully fall totally apart ; ( f ) decide that Sufjan Stevens is the perfect music to play for her 2 - year - old , because , let ’s face it , 2 - year - olds have lousy taste in music , and we will not listen to the Wiggles in this house ; ( g ) wear sneakers as a fashion statement ; ( h ) wear the same vintage New Balance sneakers that he wore on his first day of school in the seventh grade as a fashion statement ; ( i ) wear said sneakers to the office ; ( j ) quit the office job because — you know what ? — screw the office and screw jockeying for that promotion to VP , because is n’t promotion just another word for “ slavery ” ? ; ( k ) and besides , now that she ’s a freelancer , working on her own projects , on her own terms , it ’s that much easier to kick off in the middle of the week for a quick snowboarding trip to Sugarbush , because she ’s got to have some balance , right ?
And she can write it off , too , because who knows ?
She might bump into Spike Jonze on the slopes ; ( l ) wear a Misfits T - shirt ; ( m ) make his 2 - year - old wear a Misfits T - shirt ; ( n ) never shave ; ( o ) take pride in never shaving ; ( p ) take pride in never shaving while spending $ 200 on a bedhead haircut and $ 600 on a messenger bag , because , seriously , only his grandfather or some frat - boy Wall Street flunky still carries a briefcase ; or ( q ) all of the above ?
This is an obituary for the generation gap .
It is a story about 40 - year - old men and women who look , talk , act , and dress like people who are 22 years old .
It ’s not about a fad but about a phenomenon that looks to be permanent .
It ’s about the hedge - fund guy in Park Slope with the chunky square glasses , brown rock T - shirt , slight paunch , expensive jeans , Puma sneakers , and shoulder - slung messenger bag , with two kids squirming over his lap like itchy chimps at the Tea Lounge on Sunday morning .
It ’s about the mom in the low - slung Sevens and ankle boots and vaguely Berlin - art - scene blouse with the $ 800 stroller and the TV - screen - size Olsen - twins sunglasses perched on her head walking through Bryant Park listening to Death Cab for Cutie on her Nano .
Photo : Ari Versluis & Ellie Uyttenbroek
And because this phenomenon wears itself so clearly as the convergence of downtown cool and easy , abundant money , it is also , of course , about stuff — though that ’s not all it ’s about .
It ’s more interesting as evidence of the slow erosion of the long - held idea that in some fundamental way , you cross through a portal when you become an adult , a portal inscribed with the biblical imperative “ When I was a child , I spake as a child , I understood as a child , I thought as a child :
But when I became a man , I put away childish things . ”
This cohort is not interested in putting away childish things .
They are a generation or two of affluent , urban adults who are now happily sailing through their thirties and forties , and even fifties , clad in beat - up sneakers and cashmere hoodies , content that they can enjoy all the good parts of being a grown - up ( a real paycheck , a family , the warm touch of cashmere ) with none of the bad parts ( Dockers , management seminars , indentured servitude at the local Gymboree ) .
It ’s about a brave new world whose citizens are radically rethinking what it means to be a grown - up and whether being a grown - up still requires , you know , actually growing up .
And it ’s been a long time coming .
It showed up in the early eighties as “ the Peter Pan Syndrome , ” then mutated to the yuppie , which , let ’s face it , has had a pretty good run .
Later , it took the form that David Brooks called “ bourgeois bohemians , ” or bobos ( as in Bobos in Paradise ) .
Over in England , they ’re now calling them yindies ( that ’s yuppie plus indie ) , and here , the term yupster ( you can figure that out ) has been gaining some traction of late .
And as this movement evolves , something pivotal is happening .
This cascade of pioneering immaturity is no longer a case of a generation ’s being stuck in its own youth .
This generation is now , if you happen to be under 25 , more interested in being stuck in your youth .
This article being what it is , I wanted to come up with my own term to describe them .
But what ?
Dadsters ?
Sceniors ?
Dorian Graybeards ?
Over the course of my investigation , I started calling them Grups .
It ’s not the most elegant term , but it passes the field test of real - world utility .
( Here a Grup , there a Grup , everywhere a Grup - Grup . ) “ Grups ” is a nerdy reference to an old Star Trek episode in which Kirk and crew land on a planet run entirely by kids , who call grown - ups “ grups . ”
All the adults have been killed off by a terrible virus , which also slows the natural aging process , so the kids are trapped in a state of extended prepubescence .
They will never grow up .
And they are running the show .
Oh , and there ’s one more thing I learned , in answer to my opening questions :
If being a Grup means being 35 , and having a job , and using a messenger bag instead of a briefcase , and staying out too late too often , and owning more pairs of sneakers ( eleven ) than suits ( one ) , and downloading a Hot Hot Heat song from iTunes because it was on a playlist titled “ Saturday Errands , ” and generally being uneasy and slightly confused about just what it means to be an adult in these modern times — in short , if it means living your life in fundamentally the same way that you did when you were , say , 22 — then , let ’s face it , I ’m a Grup .
The people in the pictures accompanying this story ?
Grups .
In fact , take a minute and look up from the magazine — if you ’re in public , you ’ll see them everywhere .
If you ’re in front of a mirror , you might see one there too .
The Grup Music , or the Brand - new Sound of Twenty Years Ago
Once upon a time , pop culture , and in particular pop music , followed a certain reliable pattern : People listened to bands , like the Doobie Brothers or Cream or Steely Dan , that their Frank Sinatra–loving parents absolutely despised .
Then these people had kids , and their kids became teens , and they started listening to bands , like the Clash or Elvis Costello or Joy Division , that their Cream - loving parents absolutely despised .
And , lo , the Lord looked down and saw that it was good , and on the eighth day , He created the generation gap .
And then these Clash - listening kids grew up and had kids of their own , and the next generation of kids started listening to music , like Franz Ferdinand and Interpol and Bloc Party , that you might assume their parents would absolutely despise .
Except it does n’t really work that way anymore .
In part , because how can their parents hate Interpol when they sound exactly like Joy Division ?
And in part , because how can their parents hate Bloc Party when their parents just downloaded Bloc Party and think it ’s awesome and totally better than the Bravery !
Photo : Ari Versluis & Ellie Uyttenbroek
This , of course , is a seismic shift in intergenerational relationships .
It means there is no fundamental generation gap anymore .
This is unprecedented in human history .
And it ’s kind of weird .
Take the case of Andy Chase and Dominique Durand , a married couple , both well into their thirties and now with kids of their own , who play in a successful rock band called Ivy .
“ Most of our fans are in their twenties or even teenagers , ” says Chase .
“ And that keeps you young .
Because you ’re friends with people who are much younger than you .
Our keyboard player is 21 years old .
And we dress the same — ”
“ Our interests are the same , ” adds Durand .
“ The passion is the same .
There ’s a real connection . ”
Andy interjects , “ Well , let ’s talk to the keyboard player and see if he says the same thing . ”
Or take Michael Rauch , the creator of the recently canceled CBS show Love Monkey , which chronicled the life of a late - thirties single A&R guy in New York who frets openly about being a “ suit ” while working at the plucky indie label he joined after leaving his evil corporate record company , because for him , it was all about the music .
Is n’t a guy like that — late thirties , still single , still bar - hopping , still chasing the latest hot rock band , his whole life , in fact , still defined by the word still — kind of , I do n’t know , pathetic ?
“ If this show existed ten years ago , the answer would be yes , ” says Rauch .
“ But now , absolutely not .
Now it ’s less the exception than the rule .
Especially in New York . ”
Rauch himself is 38 .
“ I spoke to an undergrad class at NYU recently .
And it was terrifying how much we had in common .
I ’m looking at these kids who look about 12 , and we ’re all going to the same movies and watching the same TV shows and listening to the same music .
I do n’t know if it ’s scarier for them or scarier for me . ”
Think of it this way : For Gen - X , just fifteen years ago , the big complaint was that boomers , with their lingering sixties - era musical attachments and smug sense of cultural centrality , refused to pass the torch and get the hell out of the way .
In a 1997 sociology essay titled “ Generation X : Who Are They ?
What Do They Want ? , ” one twentysomething student lamented , “ We still are bombarded with ‘ Classic Rock ’ and moldy oldies .
Bands like the Eagles , Rolling Stones , and Aerosmith need to back off so we can define our own music , lifestyle . ”
It ’s ironic , then , that those selfsame slackers — the twentysomethings of the early nineties ( and , hey , I was right there , too : Rock on , Screaming Trees ) — are n’t standing in the way of the next generation .
Rather , they ’re joining right in at the front of the crowd at the sold - out Decemberists show .
Hey , kids , you can define your own music , lifestyle — that ’s our music and lifestyle , too !
“ All of the really good music right now has absolutely precise parallels to the best music of the eighties , from Franz Ferdinand to Interpol to Death Cab — anything you can name , ” says Michael Hirschorn , the 42 - year - old executive vice - president of original programming and production at VH1 .
“ Plus , the 20 - year - olds are all listening to the Cure and New Order anyway .
It ’s created a kind of mass confusion .
I was at the Coachella festival last year , and the groups people were most stoked about were Gang of Four and New Order . ”
No wonder Grups like today ’s indie music :
It sounds exactly like the indie music of their youth .
Which , as it happens , is what kids today like , too , which is why today ’s new music all sounds like it ’s twenty years old .
And thus the culture grinds to a halt , in a screech of guitar feedback .
As a result , says Hirschorn , “ some of the older parents I know who have teenagers claim that there ’s no generation gap anymore .
They say they get along perfectly with their kids .
They listen to the same music .
To me , that seems somewhat laughable .
But I do remember when I was young , trying to explain the Beatles to my dad , and he did n’t even know who they were .
I do n’t think that ’s possible today . ”
“ Even if you just bought a great new CD , and you really want to listen to it with your kids , sometimes it ’s their bedtime .
You just learn .
You ca n’t always play guitar with them . ”
And it ’s not just music that ’s collapsed on itself in this way .
During Hirschorn ’s tenure at VH1 , the channel was cunningly transformed from the frumpy , easy - listening older sibling of MTV to a retro-culture - celebrating mother ship for Grups .
Trademark shows such as I Love the 80s feature a parade of thirtysomething comedians making funny comments about music and fashions and TV shows that were popular back when they were teens .
The canny success of this concept rests on the fact that it appeals both to the thirtysomethings who lived through Mr. T and Kajagoogoo the first time around and twentysomethings who are fascinated with semi-ironically recycling cultural trends .
In a prescient essay in 1994 titled “ The Nostalgia Gap , ” Tom Vanderbilt jokingly predicted that thanks to an ever - quickening cultural churn , we ’d soon see manufactured nostalgia for trends of two weeks ago .
He was off by a week .
VH1 ’s Best Week
Ever consists of comedians looking back with fond , ironic eyes on the events of the last seven days .
“ The embarrassing thing for me , ” says Hirschorn , “ is seeing the actual culture of my youth recycled as a kind of ironic hipster kitsch .
What ’s my access point into that ?
If I still have the clothes from the first time around , does that mean I get to wear them again ? ”
In other words , if you ’re 35 and wearing the same Converse All - Stars to work that you wore to junior high , are you an old guy sadly aping the Strokes ?
Or are the young guys simply copying you ?
Wait , how old are the Strokes , anyway ?
The Grup Look , or I Swear These Jeans Were Here a Minute Ago
My father did not wear T - shirts .
He did not own sneakers .
He may have had one pair of jeans , crisp and stiff and store - bought blue , to wear on the weekends when we ’d do things like go apple - picking .
At all other times , he wore suits .
So I wonder what he would make of the offices of Rogan , a very hot , very hip fashion label that operates out of the third floor of a building just off Broadway , north of Canal .
The office is cluttered with large cardboard boxes and long tables , where twentysomething staffers fulfill orders by hand , among rolling racks of carefully crafted vintage - style shirts and down ski vests .
Paper patterns for future clothes hang from a bar overhead like thought bubbles suspended in midair .
Rogan is run by Rogan Gregory , a 33 - year - old designer who , when I meet him , is wearing a faded pink vintage surf - shop T - shirt , dirty white Vans slip - ons with seagull silhouettes , and a pair of his famous jeans .
Famous , at least , within certain circles : namely , denim hounds who will pay $ 450 for a pair of jeans that are so distressed — so tattered , so frayed , so worked over and beaten down — that they will likely fall apart within two years .
Rogan is tall and slim , with a trim beard and jaw - length hair that ’s tucked back behind one ear .
He specializes in clothes that are handcrafted to look like you exhumed them from a rack at the back of a dusty vintage store when , in fact , you bought them at Barneys for several hundred dollars each .
He understands that this market did not always exist .
“ I ’ve been wearing the same thing my entire life , ” he says .
“ But ten years ago , people gave me a hard time .
If I was checking into a hotel , they would n’t believe that I was actually staying there .
Now it ’s accepted that just because that dude does n’t look like some fancy - pants — well , you never know . ”
Rogan sees this as a good thing , and not just for the obvious business reasons .
It used to be , he explains , that each stage of life had its uniform , from kid to teenager to fancy - pants .
Now , though , that fashion progression has flattened out , and everyone just wears the uniform of his choice .
“ It ’s absolutely not a hierarchical thing , ” he says .
“ It ’s a look thing .
They ’re all spending about the same amount of money on their wardrobes .
It ’s just about how you like to be perceived . ”
A number of trends have nudged us in this direction , from the increasingly casual dress codes at work to the persistent marketing of counterculture “ rebellion ” as an easily attainable , catchall symbol for cool .
During the dot - com boom , businesses not only allowed people to come to work in clothes they might usually wear to clean out the attic but encouraged this as a celebration of youthful vivacity and an upheaval of the fusty corporate order .
Suits were thought to be the provenance of , well , suits .
The dot - com bubble burst , but the aesthetic remained , as part of the ongoing rock star–ification of America .
Three - day stubble and shredded jeans are the now - familiar symbols of the most desirable kind of affluence and freedom .
So why would anyone dress up anymore ?
A suit says , My mother made me wear this to go to a bar mitzvah .
The Grup outfit says , I ’m so cool , and so damned good at what I do , I can wear whatever the hell I want .
At least when I go out to brunch .
So now , for many people — many grown - up people — the uniform of choice is rock tees and sneakers and artfully destroyed denim .
Of course , when you ’re 40 , with a regular paycheck , yet still want to resemble a rock star who resembles a garage mechanic , well , what ’s a guy to do ?
Status symbols still have their uses , especially in the world of clothes .
And this is where the $ 200 ripped jeans come in .
Or $ 450 .
Or $ 600 .
You want the tattered jeans , but you also want the world to know , I can afford the very best in tattered jeans .
“ One thing happened that I thought was funny , ” says Rogan .
“ I made a run of a hundred jeans , and I made them as perfectly as I could .
Which for me means essentially destroying the fabric , to the point where if you wear them for a month , they ’ll disintegrate .
And I literally sold them out in a week .
And they ’ll completely disintegrate .
You wear them for a couple of weeks and go out one night and there ’ll be a giant tear .
I mean , it ’s embarrassing .
I was surprised that people would pay that amount of money for something that literally falls apart . ”
At one point , I spoke to a 39 - year - old musician who had lived briefly in Park Slope and then fled , largely because of the prevalence of exactly the kind of person who would buy jeans designed to fall apart in a month .
This musician is old school in his fashion tastes — which is to say , one day he came to a point where he pulled that old concert T - shirt from his dresser and thought , Yeah , I just ca n’t pull this off anymore .
( For me , this moment came with a thrift - store T - shirt with QUALITY PLASTIC SUPPLIES decaled across the chest . )
These days , though , especially in New York , there just are n’t many people saying I just ca n’t pull this off anymore .
“ If really hard - pressed , I would admit that I actually own a Clash T - shirt that I got from that last Clash tour , ” the musician told me .
“ But I do n’t wear it !
And I ’m certainly not going to wear it under an Armani black blazer .
I even remember meeting this guy who was around my age , who was wearing an expensive blazer , and on the lapel was a London Calling button .
Who the fuck wears that ?
That ’s what I wore when I was 18 in art school !
And you ’re the same age as me ?
And you ’re wearing it again ? ”
He pauses , then adds , “ And you know what ?
Giving your kid a mohawk is fucked up , too . ”
The Grup Children , or Daddy , PleaseTurn That Music Down
Here ’s the bad news about kids :
They ’re not cool .
Especially little kids .
Like , 2 - year - olds ?
Forget it .
Left to their own devices , they do n’t dress well , they have no sense of style , and frankly , their musical taste sucks .
Here ’s the good news about kids :
They ’re defenseless .
So if you want to put a Ramones T - shirt on your 2 - year - old , you do n’t need his permission .
All you need is for someone to have the great idea to make a 2 - year - old - size Ramones T - shirt .
( And trust me — someone ’s had that idea . )
And if you want to play the Strokes for your 4 - year - old son , what ’s he going to do ?
I ’ll tell you what — he ’s going to learn to love the Strokes .
“ My son seems to like the Hives a lot , ” says Neal Pollack , the author of the forthcoming memoir Alternadad : The True Story of One Family ’s Struggle to Raise a Cool Kid in America , of his 3 - year - old son , Elijah , and the raucous Swedish fivesome the Hives .
“ I mean , he does n’t know who they are .
He calls it ‘ thunder music ’ when I put it on .
He gets very excited by that .
That makes me sort of proud . ”
For a Grup , professional success is measured not by how many employees you have but by how much freedom you have to walk , or boogie - board , away .
See , Grups are n’t afraid of parenting .
Grups do n’t avoid having kids .
Grups love kids .
In part , though , this is because Grups find kids to be perfect little Mr. Potato Head versions of themselves .
Of course , there ’s more to Grup parenting than simply molding your kid ’s tastes .
You must be vigilant that you do n’t grow up and become uncool yourself .
“ I recognize that changes and sacrifices are necessary .
I do occasionally wake up before nine these days , ” says Pollack of parenthood .
“ But I did n’t want to lose touch with the world ’s cultural progress .
I did n’t want to freeze myself in time . ”
So instead of playdates , Pollack invites other cool dads and their kids over for playing ( kids ) , beers ( dads ) , and sampling new CDs ( everyone ) .
Or he packs up his toddler for the Austin City Limits Music Festival .
Though that plan did n’t work so well .
“ It was really hot and crowded , ” he says .
“ And the music sucked . ”
His son apparently concurred .
Pollack ’s philosophy , when you hear him talk about it , makes a lot of sense , at least at first .
“ Mainstream American adulthood is so narrowly defined , it ’s only natural that people who have time and leisure to think about it are going to rebel against it . ”
Yes , of course , why not ?
“ We want to be good parents .
We want to love our kid and raise our kid up properly , with decent values . ”
Right on !
“ But we do n’t want our lives to become nothing but Mommy & Me classes . ”
Who would ?
Fuck Mommy & Me !
“ You have to have a little bit of Dora the Explorer in your life , ” he says .
“ But you can do what you can to mute its influence . ”
Okay .
“ And there ’s no shame , when your kid ’s watching a show , and you do n’t like it , in telling him it sucks . ”
Yeah !
There ’s no —wait .
What ?
“ If you start telling him it sucks , maybe he might develop an aesthetic . ”
Sorry , son .
No more Thomas the Tank Engine for you .
Thomas sucks .
Stop crying .
Daddy ’s helping you develop an aesthetic .
Now Daddy ’s going to go put on some thunder music .
But is n’t there something unsavory in the idea of your kid as a kind of tabula rasa for you to overwrite with your tastes ?
Less a child than a malleable Mini- Me ?
“ It ’s hard to say right now , because most of these kids are between the age of zero and 5 , ” says Pollack .
“ So they ’re still … I do n’t want to say accessories , but they ’re still moldable .
You can still sort of play with them . ”
Although , if you ’re planning to take this parental approach , you ’d better make damn sure you ’ve got good taste .
“ I find myself arguing with dads about the music their kids like , ” he says .
“ One guy was telling me his son was really into Wilco .
And I was telling him that ’s lame .
Because Wilco is so over . ”
I do n’t mean to be so hard on Pollack , who does seem genuinely interested in exploring a new kind of parenting — a kind that does n’t involve totally losing any sense of who you were ten minutes before your baby was born .
In fact , I got a much saner version of more or less the same philosophy from Adam Levite and Francine Hermelin , a couple in their thirties ( he ’s 38 , she ’s 36 ) with three ( yes , three ) kids : Asa , 6 ; Dora , 3 ; and Ester , 0.5 .
Levite directs music videos for artists like Beck and Interpol , and Hermelin spends most of her time with the kids while also organizing events like Downtown for Democracy ’s mock election , in which 8 - year - olds ran for president .
Levite wears cool little geometric glasses and Hermelin wears slightly thinner cool little geometric glasses .
The family lives in a large white envy - inducing loft apartment in Tribeca that looks like a design - magazine photo shoot .
As you enter , you ’ll find Levite ’s guitar collection propped against the wall , right next to which you ’ll find similar , miniature versions of the same guitars for his son , Asa .
“ From a very young age , we ’ve always decided to try not to , you know , vanilla the kids in the things that we present to them , ” says Levite .
A -ha !
Here we go — thunder music .
“ We ’ve been listening to the Beatles since the moment they were born .
They ’re classic pop songs , but not full of anger and angst .
And we still listen to some kids ’ music .
Music for Aardvarks is really great . ”
“ It ’s really important for us to be whole people , and not feel like our kids have … look , we love our kids , ” says Hermelin .
“ The point is n’t to raise cool kids .
We want passionate kids .
And I think that by us doing the things that we love to do , that models that passion for our kids . ”
Later , when I talk to Andy Chase , the dad–slash–rock star , he says almost the exact same thing .
“ How great for a child to see their parents loving what they ’re doing ?
It ’s a delicate balance to strike , but when you maintain that balance , its a great thing to teach your children — that they can look forward to doing something they love doing . ”
“ Of course , there have to be some priorities , ” says Levite .
“ Even if you come home and you just bought a great new CD , and you really want to listen to it with your kids , sometimes it ’s their bedtime .
You just learn .
You ca n’t always play guitar with them .
” I wonder , though , what will happen when Asa becomes a teenager .
Will he still want to jam with Dad on matching guitars ?
Or will he find his own way to grow up ?
The last time teenagers were n’t expected to rebel , it was because they were heading off to work in the coal mines at age 13 .
Can we really expect to be cool parents and also raise cool kids ?
Is this youth big enough for the both of us ?
Or perhaps we can look forward — at least if Family Ties can be trusted — to a new generation of buttoned - down , high - strung Alex P. Keaton–type conservative teenagers .
This is something the Grups have considered .
When I asked Hermelin her worst fear , she laughed and said , “ Our kids are going to become Republicans . ”
In college , I remember a friend of mine playing Public Enemy at high volume at his mother ’s house , at which point she sputtered into paroxysms of clichéd parental dismay , saying , quite unironically , “ Turn that off !
It ’s nothing but noise ! ”
Later , we tried to imagine what kind of high - decibel air - raid - siren music our teens might one day listen to , causing us to react the same way .
It ’s a concept that Pollack , for one , seems literally incapable of processing .
“ I do n’t know if that ’s going to happen with this generation , ” he says .
Besides , he explains , the alternadad ’s worst nightmare is n’t that his kid will grow up to be something he does n’t want him to be .
“ The worst nightmare for a quote - unquote alternadad , ’ ” he says , “ is that he ’ll grow up to be something he does n’t want to be . ”
We might consider , then , the case of Chad Ruble .
At age 32 , with a wife who was four months pregnant with their first child , Ruble had a bright idea —he decided to take up skateboarding .
“ I had never noticed that there ’s a half - pipe at Chelsea Piers , ” he said .
“ I thought , Too bad I ’m too old to do that .
Then I thought , I ’m not too old ! ”
So he went to Paragon Sports in Union Square to buy some skateboarding gear ( avoiding the hard - core East Village skate shops , because he found them too intimidating ) .
“ I was heartened because there was another older guy there getting a whole setup , too .
I was like , Oh , cool .
I ’m not the only one , ” he said .
“ Turns out he was getting it for his kid . ”
Ruble need not have worried , though — once he hit the Chelsea Piers half - pipe , there were lots of thirtysomething guys skateboarding there , along with the usual kids .
So he mounted his board and set out on the pipe .
He had n’t skateboarded since he was 12 , but it turns out he still remembered most of the moves .
Until his fourth try that is , when he wiped out and dislocated his shoulder .
“ But I was having the time of my life , ” he said .
“ Those four times were really fun . ”
His tale conjures an uneasy vision of an all - too - possible future : of a young boy , maybe 12 , in a tiny suit , standing in a hospital room where his dad lies in traction after a gnarly kickflip - and - nosegrind combination gone horribly wrong .
The boy comforts his father , perhaps fluffs his pillow , perhaps delivers to him a freshly laundered Cramps T - shirt brought from home .
Then he replaces the earbuds of an iPod that ’s playing Burl Ives , straightens his bow tie , and heads out to grab the bus home .
The Grup Career , or Take This Job and Allow Me to Do It From Home , With Occasional Snowboarding Trips
Matt Peccini is a tall , slim , 34 - year - old guy with a shaved head and a dry sense of humor .
He becomes immediately more interesting to me when he reveals that he once played Boo -Boo , Yogi Bear ’s sidekick , in an episode of Harvey Birdman , Attorney at Law .
He earned that cameo in the Cartoon Network ’s cult hit during his successful career in television , first at TNT — “ working my way through titles and responsibility levels ” — and then as a creative director at the AMC channel in New York .
“ It was a big bump in pay and a big bump in responsibility and in title .
I had a staff .
On paper , it was a great job , ” he says .
So after two and a half years , he did what any self - respecting Grup would do — he quit .
This is where the Grup diverges from the bobo , the yuppie , even the yupster .
The Grup does not want a corner office .
The Grup does not yearn for a fancy title .
The Grup does not want — oh , please , do not ask the Grup to manage — a staff .
“ I just wanted to make fun stuff that went on TV , ” says Peccini .
“ Then all of a sudden I ’m doing performance appraisals and going to management seminars . ”
A human - resources executive told me recently that there ’s a golden rule of HR :
To motivate a baby boomer , offer him a bonus .
To motivate a Generation - Xer , offer him a day off .
The Grup , I think , would go for the day off , too .
If the boomer ’s icon of success was an empire - building maverick magnate like Ted Turner , the Grup ’s model would be Spike Jonze , the 36 - year - old Jackass - producing , skateboarding , awesome - indie - movie - directing free agent .
Remember , the Grup of today is the slacker from 1990 who , fresh out of college , ran smack into the recession and maybe fiddled around with a riot - grrl band , then got a job at 25 for a Web - development company where she wore jeans to work and played Ping - Pong and stayed late and covered her desk in rare Japanese action figures .
Now that woman is 35 , a VP at a viral - marketing firm , still dressing down because everyone knows that the youth market is where it ’s at , yet is scared to death she ’s going to ossify into the same kind of corporate stooge she swore she ’d never become .
For a Grup , success is n’t about how many employees you have but how much freedom you have to walk , or boogie - board , away .
So now Peccini works as a freelancer , making TV promos and animated shorts that he sells back to the Cartoon Network .
It ’s been tough getting set up —
“ I ’d gotten used to a certain lifestyle , ” he says — and it has n’t been all unfettered freedom .
He ’s currently alternating between animation projects and industrial films , like one about sustainability to be played for Wal - Mart employees .
But for him , quitting was the best career move .
As it was , too , for Nicholas Nathanson , who left his job as an Internet equity research associate at a New York investment bank in 1999 — just when that field promised unlimited advancement and riches — at age 29 to start an online surfwear store called Swell .
You see , it ’s not that Grups do n’t want to work ; they just do n’t want to work for you .
In a recent Money magazine poll about bosses , 54 percent of the respondents said they would n’t want their boss ’s job no matter how much money you paid them .
Fifty - four percent .
“ If I had spent the last six years working at that job and progressed , I would have made a lot of money , ” Nathanson told me from San Juan Capistrano , California , where his surfwear company is based .
“ But honestly , there have been very few days in the past six years where I ’ve gotten in my car to go to work and thought , Fuck , I ’m going to work .
When I was at the investment bank , that was happening 50 percent of the days .
And now I can go snowboarding at Mammoth in the middle of the week if there ’s a good storm , rather than worrying about being at work at six in the morning .
And there ’s another upside as well : I have a total and complete passion for this business . ”
There ’s that tricky word again : passion .
What ’s with the Grups and passion ?
It ’s all anyone wants to talk about .
Passionate parents , passionate workers , passionate listeners to the new album by Wolf Parade .
Even Rogan lights up when he talks about touring Japanese textile factories to find the perfect denim for his jeans .
And I start to realize : Under the skin of the iPods and the $ 400 ripped jeans , this is the spine of the Grup ethos : passion , and the fear of losing it .
Which brings me back to my father : the one who wore suits , not jeans ; the one who , when he was my age , already had four kids ; the one who logged a lifetime at exactly the kind of middle - management jobs that no one wakes up excited about going to in the morning , and who then found himself sandbagged by the late - eighties recession , laid off in what must have felt like the worst kind of double whammy .
All the adult trade - offs he ’d made turned out to be a brutal bait - and - switch .
Is it any wonder that the Grups have looked at that brand of adulthood and said , “ No thanks , you can keep your carrot and your stick . ”
Especially once we saw just how easily that stick can be turned around to whap your ass as you ’re ushered out the door , suit and all .
Just how easily a bona fide , by - the - book adult can be made to wonder where it all went wrong , and why you ever bothered to grow up in the first place .
The Happy Ending
And this , improbably , is the happy ending to our story .
( And , I admit , I ’d hoped for a happy ending ; for all the bedhead haircuts and Hives - peddling parents , I wanted this to end well . )
Being a Grup is n’t , as it turns out , all about holding on to some misguided , well - marketed idea of youth — or , at least , is n’t just about that .
It ’s also about rejecting a hand - me - down model of adulthood that asks , or even necessitates , that you let go of everything you ever felt passionate about .
It ’s about reimagining adulthood as a period defined by promise , rather than compromise .
And who ca n’t relate to that ?
Of course , that ’s not a real ending — even the Grups do n’t know how this will end .
They know they ’re making up adulthood as they go .
“ My dad ’s worked at the same place he ’s worked for 30 years , ” says Peccini .
“ But when I left my job , he said to me , ‘ If I was your age — and if I had n’t had three kids and a mortgage — I would have done the same thing . ’ ” When I ask Peccini what he sees himself doing in ten years , or at his dad ’s age , he gives the typical Grup answer .
“ That ’s a great question , ” he says .
“ I do n’t know .
But I like my life . ”
Even Andy and Dominique , the startlingly cool rock - star parents , are n’t quite sure where this is headed .
“ All I know is that the end point you give yourself keeps shifting by five years , ” says Andy .
“ When we were in our twenties , we were like , ‘ When we get in our mid-thirties , we ’ll have to call it quits , because it ’s too pathetic after that . ’
Then we got to our mid-thirties , and the timetable became the early forties .
I suppose when we get there , we ’ll say , ‘ Once we hit 50 … ’ ” Then he says , with more resolve , “ On our 50th birthday , it will be official .
No more touring . ”
THE FOUR STAGES OF GRUPITUDE
1. PRE - GRUP
Hangs Out at Jake ’s Dilemma and Bourbon Street on Amsterdam Avenue , Butterfield 8 in Murray Hill .
Currently Reading Dog Days , by Ana Marie Cox .
Listens To Coldplay ; Jack Johnson .
Typical Wardrobe Off - the - rack Nike Shox ; relaxed - fit Levi ’s 501s .
Aspires To Be Jake Gyllenhaal ; Kirsten Dunst .
Secret Shame Saw ARCADE FIRE on the cover of Spin ; not sure what it referred to .
2. BEGINNER GRUP
Hangs Out at Mo Pitkin ’s on Avenue A , hoping for a David Cross sighting .
Currently Reading Indecision , by Benjamin Kunkel .
Listens To Echo and the Bunnymen ; anything found on the “ Listeners Also Bought ” list for the Killers ’ “ Hot Fuss ” on iTunes .
Typical Wardrobe Converse Chuck Taylor All - Stars , MORE COWBELL T - shirt from Urban Outfitters ; torn jeans from Abercrombie & Fitch .
Aspires To Be Skateboard mogul Tony Hawk ; Natalie Portman in Garden State .
Secret Shame Has Kelly Clarkson on his iPod .
The whole album .
Continued on next page >>
THE FOUR STAGES OF GRUPITUDE ( cont . )
3. ADVANCED GRUP
Hangs Out at Heathers in the East Village , and Baked in Red Hook and Royal Oak in Williamsburg , Brooklyn .
Currently Reading Jessica
Abel ’s graphic novel , La Perdida .
Listens To Anything rated over 8.0 on Pitchforkmedia.com ( recently , the Liars and Japanese minimalist Chihei Hatakeyama ) .
Typical Wardrobe Built - to - fray Rogan jeans and gold L.A.M.B. Love sneakers .
Aspires To Be Sarah Silverman ; Stephen Malkmus .
Secret Shame Does n’t get Vice magazine .
Finds it kind of offensive , actually .
4. MASTER GRUP
Hangs
Out at Unmarked bars that would close immediately if we published their addresses .
Currently Reading In Pursuit of Valis : Selections From the Exegesis , by Philip K. Dick .
Listens To Seminal bands you ’ve never heard of ( Montreal ’s the Nils ; Bronx rappers Diamond & the Psychotic Neurotics ) .
Typical Wardrobe Personally reconstructed Levi’s from high school and dead - stock 1981 Diadora sneakers .
Aspires To Be Outsider artist - songwriter Daniel Johnston ; rediscovered freak - folk icon Vashti Bunyan .
Secret Shame H&M .
Birds
Eye unveiled a factory closure this week to boost competitiveness
The study said 77 % of senior executives think such yearly redundancy targets would boost both their firm 's productivity and financial performance .
Yet 75 % said they would not bring in such a system as they did not want to introduce " a climate of fear " .
The survey by recruitment consultancy Hudson UK spoke to 562 senior managers .
Sometimes the best career direction for an employee is out of the company
Hudson UK boss John Rose
It found that one in six executives thought their company could target up to 20 % of its workforce each year for dismissal without damaging productivity and morale .
Less severely , 43 % of bosses agreed that dismissing up to 5 % of staff each year would be healthy .
' Taboo area '
However , the report also found that only 4 % of senior managers currently have a policy of annual staff dismissals , with 22 % saying they would rather retain average or below average workers because they fear they would struggle to find better replacements .
" Clearly this is a massive - and to date - relatively taboo area of debate for British business , " said Hudson UK chief executive John Rose .
" Businesses need to know how to assess the cultural fit , as well as the technical capability , of a recruit , as well as what training is required .
" Sometimes the best career direction for an employee is out of the company . "
In the beginning , wrote God in His epic , loosely autobiographical best seller , The Bible , the Lord made the heavens and the Earth .
Pondering from the vile comfort of the Marriott in Hebron , Kentucky , I assumed that this single statement represented the bulk , if not the entirety , of creationist ideology .
Hence the name , I reckoned in a flash of insight .
God created everything ; if something exists , then God created it .
Yes , that 's what they believe , those creationists .
A creationist group called Answers in Genesis , which believes in the literal , scientific truth of the Bible , has decided to spend $ 27 million building a creation museum only minutes away by cab from this unlovely spot .
When it opens in May , the museum is going to try to dazzle people with the wonder , beauty , and sheer scientific cunning exhibited by God during that action - packed week when He willed everything that exists into being .
Yet the museum 's founders have chosen to set it in one of the few spots on Earth that could plausibly have been designed by chimpanzees .
There is another great irony to the project , it occurs to me as I finish my coffee and rise to meet my driver : that of God almost certainly not existing .
Exiting the Marriott into a hail of filthy light , I make a mental note to bring this up with someone .
Frankly , if I were given $ 27 million to build a creationist museum , I probably would fill the place with stuff from my apartment .
There 'd be some cans of beef broth , a nice pair of cuff links , and that Kiss Destroyer LP I borrowed from my sister in 1979 and never returned .
Then I 'd blow the money on a launch party for the ages and settle into a routine of wandering about the place in a peaked cap and a jacket with epaulets , saying , " Ah , yes , a sachet of Newman 's Own Microwave Popcorn , yet another of God 's creations and further testament to His majesty . "
Patrick Marsh , the museum 's actual designer , has gone a different route , and with results that I have to say are impressive .
The place is huge , for one thing : 50,000 square feet of vaulted ceilings and animatronic dioramas in a rather groovy modernist structure that looks from the outside like a topflight NBA arena as imagined by the makers of The Flintstones .
The exterior is rendered in an oddly tasteful , faux - prehistoric faux stone , as is most of the interior — though the cave effect is somewhat compromised by a dizzying profusion of top - of - the line plasma TV screens .
What 's really impressive , however , is what Marsh has managed to do with the place intellectually .
Two hours into my tour of the Creation Museum , I am visited by the startling realization that I , so hard - core an atheist as to make Richard Dawkins look like the Virgin Mary , have yet to actually , um , disagree with anything I 'm seeing .
Now , do n't get me wrong .
Patrick Marsh and his creationists have some decidedly wacky — I would go so far as to say demonstrably false — ideas .
They believe the universe is only 6,000 years old .
They believe that dinosaurs and humans lived not only contemporaneously but in blissful harmony .
They believe that when the Bible says that God created the whole cosmic shebang in six days , it means six days of 24 hours each — even though , to start with , there was no sun for the Earth to revolve around at that point in Genesis .
Strangest of all , to me , they believe that God rested on the seventh day of creation not because he had to ( fatigue is apparently not a word in His vocabulary ) , but with the express purpose of inspiring mankind by example not to go into work on Sundays .
A commandment , presumably , would have been too heavy - handed .
The disarming and unexpected thing about the Answers in Genesis folks , however , is this :
They do n't pretend to be right .
Yes , we get to wander through a full - scale section of the Garden of Eden and gawp at the Tree of Knowledge ( it 's huger than you thought ) .
We even get to visit a construction site where an animatronic Noah and his sons are hard at work building the Ark .
But every time I feel my scientific hackles start to rise , I turn a corner and there 's a reminder , either written or manifest in diorama form , that everything I 've seen is merely a theory , a possible scenario , a best guess .
The exhibit of which the museum is most proud is a simple , life - size diorama in which two khaki - clad paleontologists are squatting and peering down at the bones of a fossilized dinosaur .
Beside one is an open Bible ; beside the other is a standard paleontology textbook — the message being , as it will be explained to me many times before I leave , that everyone 's view of reality is inescapably colored and distorted by that person 's " starting assumptions . "
In other words , truth is an illusion , and no one can ever really know anything .
I had heard tell that creationists had a problem with Darwin , but I had no idea they idolized Jacques Derrida .
Or that they were fond of science , as they are .
I eventually get to meet with Ken Ham , a fearsome , chin- bearded Australian whose brainchild this whole project is .
Ham was a high school science teacher who found his way to creationism when his students , knowing he was a Christian , challenged him to reconcile the science in their textbooks with the account of creation given in Genesis .
For Ham , that challenge is ongoing , and as a day - to - day matter it seems to involve a lot more scientific thinking than religious thinking .
That terrifying red-state bumper sticker — " God said it ; I believe it ; that settles it " — strikes me as almost the opposite of Ken Ham 's worldview .
For him and his ministry , nothing is ever settled .
Every day brings fresh claims from the world of mainstream science , claims that must be weighed , then tortured to fit the framework of creationist belief or discounted with some sort of scientific - sounding explanation .
Being a creationist , in other words , is really hard work .
This I had not appreciated .
It pains me to say it now , but before my trip to Kentucky , I 'd assumed that the quality of mind most highly prized in the creationist community would be credulity , thus making it easier to believe things that are n't true .
But it 's the opposite .
After losing several arguments to Ham , I head to the next - door office and start losing them to one Dr. Jason Lisle , a fresh - faced 32 - year - old astrophysicist .
Presently I bring up space aliens , wondering whether their discovery would pose a problem to the creationist creed .
Lisle grows visibly uneasy .
" Well , it would depend , " he tells me , and off he goes , talking very fast indeed .
He does n't want to be dogmatic , because the Bible does n't explicitly say there are n't extraterrestrials . . . but it does say we supposedly have dominion over all the plants and animals . . .
Genesis 1:26 would have to be dealt with , of course , if there were aliens . . . though perhaps not if the life - form were merely a form of moss or lichen . . . and there 's no scriptural barrier to God 's having designed a planet populated entirely by spatulas .
. . .
As he continues , I find myself reminded of F. Scott Fitzgerald 's proposition in The Crack - Up , that " the test of a first - rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function . "
Fitzgerald 's first - rate mind , of course , eventually stopped retaining the ability to function , and watching Lisle try to reconcile the cutting edge of modern planetary physics with the offhand assertions of a religious tract written thousands of years ago by an unknown assortment of bearded semi–cave dwellers , I found myself wondering how long the poor chap has .
Lisle himself may wonder the same thing , for all I know , during long , dark nights of the soul .
In fact , I bet he does , and I feel for him .
I arrived in Kentucky hoping to find a sympathetic slant on the creationist agenda .
What I came away with , to my deep surprise , was less of a sympathetic slant than something akin to actual human sympathy .
For the record , I have even less patience now for the creationist agenda than I did going in , because I now suspect that they do n't really believe the falsehoods with which they are trying to flood the world .
But at the same time I got the clear impression that they do n't have any choice .
I thought I was going to meet people who love God and therefore hate science .
What I found instead were people who love God but who have at least a pretty serious crush on science as well , and thus find themselves in the Fitzgeraldian nightmare of waking up every day and trying to believe in both .
They will — they must — spend their lives , and brains , trying to think of ways that patently false ideas can be made to seem , if not actually true , at least not quite so patently false .
It is , I fear , a doomed exercise , but it 's a heroic one as well , it pains me to admit .
Not to overdo the Fitzgerald , but I shall think of them often , Ken Ham , Jason Lisle , Patrick Marsh , and the rest , as day after day they beat on , boats against the current of truth , borne back ceaselessly into being just completely , utterly wrong .
The early part of this century has been dominated by software companies moving applications off the desktop and over to the Web .
Now , Adobe is offering web developers a chance to move in the opposite direction .
The company has released the first developer preview version of its Apollo toolset , which lets Web developers create desktop applications that can interact with any site on the Internet .
Apollo is a cross- platform runtime library that is available for Windows ( XP SP2 or Vista ) and Mac OS X 10.4 or higher — a Linux version is also in the works , but is not yet available .
The runtime allows developers to create applications using HTML ( both vanilla and enhanced with AJAX ) , JavaScript , and Flash .
These applications can then be made available as a downloadable link on a web site , which will install the application ( and the appropriate operating system runtime ) to the user 's desktop .
After that , the application can be run by double - clicking on the desktop icon , just like any other application .
The applications can interact with other sites on the Internet , with the user 's computer , and with each other , and they can be run regardless of whether or not the computer is online .
At the DEMO 07 conference , Adobe senior product manager Mike Downey showed an example of how these applications might work .
He downloaded a sample application called eBay Desktop and installed it on his demo computer , which happened to be running OS X .
The application created an attractive display which allowed the user to easily browse auctions and create new ones , with tools to facilitate adding pictures to a new auction through the use of a web camera .
Sample Apollo application
All very impressive , but at this point nothing had been demonstrated that could n't have been done with an online Flash page .
Downey then pulled the network cable and showed that new auctions could be created even when offline , and the application would automatically upload them to eBay when the computer was next connected .
He also demonstrated how the application could create an Excel spreadsheet based on online data and save it to the desktop .
Adobe is giving the runtime away for free , and it can be distributed with each application or downloaded separately from Adobe 's web site .
The openness extends to third - party applications as well — users can select " View Source " from a menu to see the underlying code behind any Apollo application .
Interestingly , Adobe used Apple 's open - source WebKit frameworks to develop the built - in browsing capabilities in Apollo applications .
Adobe 's stated criteria for this decision included finding an open - source project and one that would run on mobile devices , so expect mobile versions of Apollo to follow .
Will Apollo bring web developers back to the cozy confines of the desktop ?
The technology is similar in some ways to Microsoft 's Windows Presentation Foundation ( formerly codenamed Avalon ) in that it merges the concepts of web - based and desktop applications .
Adobe 's solution is somewhat different in that it targets multiple desktop platforms , although Microsoft is planning on releasing a multi-platform version called WPF/E , which will also target the mobile market .
Both Adobe and Microsoft make most of their income from desktop applications , so it makes sense that they would promote the idea of making desktop apps to web developers .
For Adobe , the release of Apollo also offers an opportunity to boost sales of Flash development kits .
China Internet and Technology Roundup provided by Chinamemes.com :
The state - owned Chinese partner of MSN , Microsoft 's online services group , is looking to sell its 50 percent stake in MSN China due to its dissatisfaction with MSN China 's revenue model .
CDC Games a pioneer of the " free - to - play , pay for merchandise " model for online games in China , has launched operations in the U.S. under a new business unit called CDC Games USA .
The Chinese military hacked into a Pentagon computer network in June in the most successful cyber attack on the US defence department , say American ­officials .
A new virtual 3D world akin to " Second Life " will start its private test in coming September .
Cartoon police officers are to appear in " pop - up " warnings on the internet every half hour to warn Chinese users that they must steer clear of unapproved websites .
This morning I stumbled upon an interestingly titled post by Rick Jellife which piqued my interest entitled An interesting offer : get paid to contribute to Wikipedia where he writes
I ’m not a Microsoft hater at all , its just that I ’ve swum in a different stream .
Readers of this blog will know that I have differing views on standards to some Microsoft people at least .
...
So I was a little surprised to receive email a couple of days ago from Microsoft saying they wanted to contract someone independent but friendly ( me ) for a couple of days to provide more balance on Wikipedia concerning ODF / OOXML .
I am hardly the poster boy of Microsoft partisanship !
Apparently they are frustrated at the amount of spin from some ODF stakeholders on Wikipedia and blogs .
I think I ’ll accept it : FUD enrages me and MS certainly are not hiring me to add any pro-MS FUD , just to correct any errors I see .
...
Just scanning quickly the Wikipedia entry I see one example straight away :
The OOXML specification requires conforming implementations to accept and understand various legacy office applications .
But the conformance section to the ISO standard ( which is only about page four ) specifies conformance in terms of being able to accept the grammar , use the standard semantics for the bits you implement , and document where you do something different .
The bits you do n’t implement are no - one ’s business .
So that entry is simply wrong .
The same myth comes up in the form “ You have to implement all 6000 pages or Microsoft will sue you . ”
Are we idiots ?
Now I certainly think there are some good issues to consider with ODF versus OOXML , and it is good that they come out an get discussed .
For example , the proposition that “ ODF and OOXML are both office document formats : why should there be two standards ? ” is one that should be discussed .
As I have mentioned before on this blog , I think OOXML has attributes that distinguish it : ODF has simply not been designed with the goal of being able to represent all the information possible in an MS Office document ; this makes it poorer for archiving but paradoxically may make it better for level - playing - field , inter- organization document interchange .
But the archiving community deserves support just as much as the document distribution community .
And XHTML is better than both for simple documents .
And PDF still has a role .
And specific markup trumps all of them , where it is possible .
So I think there are distinguishing features for OOXML , and one of the more political issues is do we want to encourage and reward MS for taking the step of opening up their file formats , at last ?
I 'm glad to hear that Rick Jellife is considering taking this contract .
Protecting your brand on Wikipedia , especially against well - funded or organized detractors is unfortunately a full time job and one that really should be performed by an impartial party not a biased one .
It 's great to see that Microsoft is n't only savvy enough to realize that keeping an eye on Wikipedia entries about itself is important but also is seeking objective 3rd parties to do the policing .
It looks to me that online discussion around XML formats for business documents has significantly detoriorated .
When I read posts like Rob Weir 's A Foolish Inconsistency and The Vast Blue - Wing Conspiracy or Brian Jones 's Passing the OpenXML standard over to ISO it seems clear that rational technical discussion is out the windows and the parties involved are in full mud slinging mode .
It reminds me of watching TV during U.S. election years .
I 'm probably a biased party but I think the " why should we have two XML formats for business documents " line that is being thrown around by IBM is crap .
The entire reason for XML 's existence is so that we can build different formats that satisfy different needs .
After all , no one asks them why the ODF folks had to invent their own format when PDF and [ X ] HTML already exist .
The fact that ODF and OOXML exist yet have different goals is fine .
What is important is that they both are non-proprietary , open standards which prevents customers from being locked - in which is what people really want .
And I thought the RSS vs .
Atom wars were pointless .
At Google 's first shareholder 's meeting last week , Eric Schmidt , its CEO , elaborated on why he describes Google 's mission as " serving the long tail . "
He started by showing this slide :
Which he explained this way :
" We took a look at our market last year and asked ourselves : how are we doing ?
If you look at the advertiser , the market we 're in , how do we do from the largest companies - Wal - Mart - in the world , all the way down to the smallest companies in the world , the single individual .
We call this The Long Tail .
A lot of people have been talking about it -- it 's a very interesting idea .
We looked at this and we said , we 've been doing really well up until now in the middle part of this .
Well - run , mid-sized businesses , smart people solving interesting problems .
But how well do we do against the problems of the very largest customers ?
So last year we brought out a whole suite of tools for very large advertisers who can use our services in all of their divisions to generate lots and lots of revenues because , of course , in our model the advertising drives predictability , it drives conversions , and so forth .
And what about the individual contributor , the small business , the company where Joe or Bob is the CEO , the CIO , the CFO and the worker and the support person -- a one person company , a two - person company , a three - person company ?
We built a whole bunch of small , self - service tools which allowed them to almost automatically use this service .
So [ we went ] in both directions last year .
By going all the way to the top , we were able to capture very large and historically underserved businesses as well as a whole new area that never had access to these kinds of online services . "
For me , the main take - home from this is the importance of addressing both sides of the curve , a subject I 'll elaborate on in the next post .
How do you track down pickpockets ?
I stuff my wallet with paper and keep it in my pants pocket .
Then I linger in prime tourist spots in foreign cities .
Sooner or later , someone steals the wallet , and I try to steal it back .
Really ?
Yeah .
If I successfully steal the wallet back -- and I often do -- the thief is usually willing to share the latest techniques .
Advertisement - Article continues below
What 's a classic ploy ?
A pickpocket squirts mustard on you unawares .
He approaches you , points at the stain and starts to clean it .
While he distracts you with one hand , he robs you with his free hand .
Why do n't you study pickpockets in the U.S. ?
Pickpockets are rare here because we train our cops well , we use security cameras and the consequences are too severe .
How do you make money ?
I serve as a consultant to government officials in about ten countries , studying legal systems that fail to stop crime .
I also educate tourists on luxury cruise ships .
Are tourists easy prey ?
You bet .
In my demonstrations , I steal wallets and watches of some passengers .
( I return the items , of course . )
In big European tourist destinations , such as Rome , there are 100 to 200 incidents a day .
What 's the profile of a typical pickpocket ?
In Europe , it 's a gentleman in his fifties .
Or else it's an immigrant , often of Romanian descent , usually a woman surrounded by children .
In Latin America , it 's often a teenager .
What 's your advice for travelers ?
Stash most of your money in a security pouch that you wear over your shoulder , around your neck or around your waist .
A good pouch costs about $ 15 .
Are you a former thief ?
No ! ( Laughs . )
When I was a teenager in my native Sweden , I read everything about con games that I could .
Later , when I traveled in Asia , I got tired of seeing travelers get duped , so I began leading workshops on the topic .
-- Interview by Sean O'Neill
' Lost world ' found in jungle RELATED YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS Indonesia or or Create Your Own OSLO , Norway ( Reuters ) -- Scientists say they have found a " Lost World " in an Indonesian mountain jungle , home to dozens of exotic new species of birds , butterflies , frogs and plants .
" It 's as close to the Garden of Eden as you 're going to find on Earth , " said Bruce Beehler , co-leader of the U.S. , Indonesian , and Australian expedition to part of the cloud - shrouded Foja mountains in the west of New Guinea .
Indigenous peoples living near the Foja range , which rises to 2,200 meters ( 7,218 feet ) , said they did not venture into the trackless area of 3,000 square kilometers ( 1,200 square miles ) -- roughly the size of Luxembourg or the U.S. state of Rhode Island .
The team of 25 scientists rode helicopters to boggy clearings in the pristine zone .
" We just scratched the surface , " Beehler told Reuters .
" Anyone who goes there will come back with a mystery . "
The expedition found a new type of honeyeater bird with a bright orange patch on its face , known only to local people and the first new bird species documented on the island in more than 60 years .
They also found more than 20 new species of frog , four new species of butterfly and plants including five new palms .
And they took the first photographs of " Berlepsch 's six - wired bird of paradise , " which appears in 19th century collections but whose home had previously been unknown .
The bird is named after six fine feathers about four inches ( 10 centimeters ) long on the head of the male which can be raised and shaken in courtship displays .
' Animals not afraid '
The expedition also took the first photographs of a Golden - fronted bowerbird in front of a bower made of sticks , while he was hanging up blue forest berries to attract females .
It found a rare tree kangaroo , previously unsighted in Indonesia .
Beehler said the naturalists reckoned that there was likely to be a new species of kangaroo living higher altitudes .
The scientists visited in the wet season , which limited the numbers of flying insects .
" Any expedition visiting in the dry season would probably discover many more butterflies , " he said .
Beehler , who works at Conservation International in Washington , said the area was probably the largest pristine tropical forest in Asia .
Animals there were unafraid of humans .
" I suspect there are some areas like this in Africa , and am sure that there are similar places in South America , " he said .
Around the world , pristine areas are under increasing threat from expanding human settlements and pollution .
A U.N. meeting in Brazil in March will seek ways to slow the accelerating rate of extinctions .
Beehler said the Indonesian government was doing the right thing by keeping the area off limits to most visitors -- including loggers and mineral prospectors .
The scientists cut two trails about four kilometers ( 2.5 miles ) long , leaving vast tracts still to be explored .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Stephen Colbert gives us his take on the Cingular / AT&T name change deal .
What are your thoughts ?
Video after the jump .
“ AT&T is the T1000 of corporations , no matter how many pieces you break it into , it always comes back together ”
Stephen Colbert gives us his take on the Cingular / AT&T name change deal .
What are your thoughts ?
Video after the jump .
Hybrid Cabs Take A Licking ... But Their Meters Keep On Ticking
NEW YORK - April 20 , 2006 : The mean streets of San Francisco and New York City are the supreme torture test for any vehicle , let alone a new addition to those cities ’ taxi fleets in February 2005 and last November , respectively .
So there was good reason for concern among drivers , cab owners and taxi commissions when the first mini-fleets of Escape Hybrid taxis hit the road .
Among them :
Will these off - the - rack , gas - electric sport utilities be able to go where the traditional , full - size sedan cabs with their reinforced suspensions and heavy - duty radiators have gone since the early 20th century — up and down the steep , pot-holed San Francisco hills that only a triathlete could love , and through the legendary Manhattan congestion — 24/7 shift after 24/7 shift ?
Will the new nickel - plated hydride batteries really survive their 100,000 - mile warrantees ?
Will cab companies and their drivers save enough on fuel to make up for the roughly $ 4,000 premium purchase cost of the hybrids ?
And will their fares be willing to trade off a couple of inches of legroom for going green ?
So far , so good , say cab company owners , drivers and the taxi commissioners in both cities .
As the 30 San Francisco Escape Hybrid taxis are beginning to hit the 100,000 - mile milestone , owners and drivers report :
Fuel savings between $ 20 and $ 31 over the traditional , full - size sedan cabs per 150 - to 300 - mile shifts .
Air conditioning cost on hot days : $ 5 a shift , about half the sedan - version cost .
Brakes are lasting twice as long .
The reason :
The electric engine acts as a second braking system , taking much of the load off the conventional friction brakes , says Tom Watson , Ford Hybrid Electric Vehicle Propulsion System engineering manager , Sustainable Mobility Technologies and Hybrid Programs .
Several water pumps blew at the 50,000 - mile mark , a situation that ’s been rectified , say Watson and San Francisco cab company owners .
No legroom complaints from customers , who seem delighted by the novelty of the hybrid and by doing the right thing for the planet .
“ Everybody wants to drive them , ” says Hal Mellegard , general manager of Yellow Cab , which has 23 Escape Hybrid taxis in its fleet .
“ For the company , it ’s strictly good PR , but it ’s money in the drivers ’ pockets since they pay for their own gas . ”
John Lazar , president of Luxor Cab , which owns seven Escape Hybrid vehicles , also is pleased : “ Drivers love ’em .
They ’re burning about a third of the fuel they used to . ”
“ It ’s nice to have an SUV that does so well environmentally and saves me about $ 5,000 a year , ” adds Allen Gotschberg , a Luxor driver who just rolled over 102,000 miles on his Escape Hybrid taxi .
Both cab companies report they ’ll wait until the cabs have 125,000 to 150,000 miles on them before making final judgment on the new genre , but the city ’s goal is to have half its taxi fleet powered by cleaner - energy sources — hybrids and compressed natural gas — by 2008 , says Heidi Machen , San Francisco taxi commissioner .
In New York , it ’s too soon to tell the full benefits of the hybrid taxis , but they ’ve already proven to be popular with cabbies and their customers , says Matthew W. Daus , head of the city ’s Taxi and Limousine Commission .
“ Everybody is most definitely enjoying the green benefits of the hybrids , ” he says .
“ And drivers are reporting larger tips because of the environmental and novelty aspects . ”
Getting the first hybrid cabs onto the streets of New York was a joint effort among the City Council , the taxi commission , and community and environmental groups .
“ We ’re proud of our partnership to improve air quality , reduce dependency on foreign oil and improve the health of New Yorkers while putting more money back into the pockets of the drivers , ” says Jack Hidary , chairman of SmartTransportation.org , an environmental advocacy group based in New York .
Hidary ’s group is literally taking the hybrid campaign to the streets of other big cab cities such as Las Vegas and Chicago .
Ford is also working with the city of Chicago to put hybrids into service as taxis beginning in 2007 .
MAY 5 -- Here 's the official Capitol Hill Police report on yesterday 's early - morning crash involving a disoriented Representative Patrick Kennedy .
According to cops , the Rhode Island Democrat ( and son of Senator Ted Kennedy ) appeared unsteady on his feet , had 'red and watery ' eyes , and had ' slightly slurred ' speech upon exiting his Ford Mustang after crashing the vehicle into a barricade near Capitol Hill .
The reporting officer checked off a box indicating that Kennedy was under the influence of alcohol and that the politician 's ability was ' impaired . '
Kennedy , 38 , has denied that alcohol was involved in the 2:45 AM accident , claiming instead that he was left disoriented by a reaction to the prescription drugs Ambien , a sleep aid , and Phenergan , an antihistamine .
Both drugs carry warnings that alcohol , taken in conjunction with the medications , may increase drowsiness and dizziness .
Following the accident , Kennedy was driven home by police , who did not administer any field sobriety tests to the six - term congressman .
On April 15 , Kennedy was involved in an auto accident in Portsmouth , R.I. as he turned into the parking lot of a CVS pharmacy .
According to a written statement provided to police by motorist Thomas Guthlein , he struck the passenger side of Kennedy 's Ford when the pol pulled in front of him and turned right toward the lot .
Kennedy also gave cops a written statement , though it appears the Democrat either has a penmanship problem or may have been writing while impaired ( WWI ) after the Saturday morning incident .
( 6 pages )
Here the tiny tags can be seen next to a human hair
The minute devices measure just 0.05 mm by 0.05 mm ( 0.002x0.002in ) and to the naked eye look like spots of powder .
They are thin enough to be embedded in a sheet of paper , Hitachi spokesman Masayuki Takeuchi says .
RFID tags store data about the objects they are attached to , and companies are vying to create increasingly tiny versions .
Recently , Hitachi unveiled another RFID tag , the Mu-chip , which measures 0.4 mm by 0.4 mm ( 0.02x0.02in ) .
But the latest chips , which are yet to be named , can hold the same amount of data as the Mu even though they are much smaller .
They have one major issue , however - they need an external antenna to work , and the smallest antenna developed so far is about 80 times bigger than the tags .
Hitachi says it wants to study the tags ' possible uses , but it does not yet have any plans to put its latest creation into commercial production .
Spy -tags
Unlike its predecessor , the barcode , an RFID tag 's data can be extracted from afar - sometimes from hundreds of metres away - by radio - reading devices , and the technology is already widely used .
Stores use it to track stock in warehouses and shops .
Some countries are using the tags to hold passport data or for payments in transport systems , and they are even being used for animal identification .
However , some have raised concerns that the technology poses a threat to privacy , and that it could be used in covert monitoring schemes .
And the fact that they are becoming ever more invisible could fuel this apprehension .
However , said Mr Takeuchi : " We are not imagining such uses . "
Super Star : Al Gore 's An Inconvenient Truth Wins Oscar For Best Documentary
Like us on Facebook :
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
Vice - President and Oscar winner ?
You can now add the ultimate award in the entertainment industry to Al Gore ’s resume .
At the 79th Annual Academy Awards Sunday night , Gore ’s film — his passion —
An Inconvenient Truth was the winner in the Best Documentary category .
Interviewed earlier , Gore was thankful that his Oscar nomination for his global warming documentary was shifting public opinion , but he ’s not happy about being right .
From the article ,
“ Gore said he hopes to pull the global warming argument out of a partisan context and frame it as a moral and spiritual issue that involves responsibility to future generations .
Skeptical at first at the idea of turning his slideshow into a movie , Gore said now he ’s grateful for all the people the movie has reached . ”
Gore accepted the award , along with producers Laurie David , Scott Burns , Lawrence Bender and director , Davis Guggenheim .
Everyone was quick to acknowledge Gore ’s inspirational role in allowing them to create the film .
Gore than then took the mic and thanked the entertainment industry for allowing his to make the film .
He also then called upon all Americans — and the world — to work together to address the serious issue of climate change .
Chris from LighterFootStep filled me in on some of the speech , “ ” We have everything in the world we need to do it [ beat global warming ] , with the possible exception of the will to act . ”
“ That ’s a renewable resource … let ’s renew it . ”
[ UPDATE ]
ThinkProgress is rockin’ out with some quick video uploads .
Click here for the video of Gore and Co. accepting the Oscar .
Congrats Al !
A revolutionary new miniature computer is being worked on in Japan that comes in the shape of a pen that you can slip in to your pocket .
It projects a monitor and keyboard on any flat surface that you can begin using like any regular PC computer .
With its Bluetooth technology , it recognizes your key - presses and inputs as per usual .
See the photos below .
I ’m trying to find out more about it and when it is expected to be available to the masses .
Stay tuned !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
A Pakistani immigrant who hosted fundraisers in Southern California for Sen.
Hillary Rodham Clinton is being sought by the FBI on charges that he funneled illegal contributions to Clinton ’s political action committee and Sen. Barbara Boxer ’s 2004 reelection campaign .
Authorities say Northridge businessman Abdul Rehman Jinnah , 56 , fled the country after an indictment accused him of engineering more than $ 50,000 in illegal donations to the Democratic committees .
A business associate charged as a co-conspirator has entered a guilty plea and is scheduled to be sentenced in Los Angeles next week .
A federal law enforcement source said prosecutors had not dealt with the political committees in conducting their investigation and had no evidence that the committees knew the contributions were illegal .
Officials for both committees said they were unaware of the investigation or indictments until they were contacted by The Times , and said they would not keep the donations .
Advertisement
The case has transformed Jinnah from a political point man on Pakistani issues , a man often photographed next to foreign dignitaries and U.S. leaders , into a fugitive with his mug shot on the FBI ’s “ featured fugitives ” wanted list .
Jinnah ’s profile peaked in 2004 and 2005 as he wooed members of Congress to join a caucus advancing Pakistani concerns and brought Clinton to speak to prominent Pakistani Americans , lauding their homeland ’s contributions to the war on terrorism and calling relations with Pakistan beneficial to U.S. interests .
Jinnah and his family donated more than $ 100,000 to the Democratic Party and Democratic candidates .
Now friends say they believe Jinnah has returned to Pakistan .
Attempts to reach him and his relatives were unsuccessful .
A “ For Sale ” sign stood in his yard on Thursday , and a neighbor said the family had not lived there for months .
Advertisement
Jinnah ’s troubles appear to have begun when he attempted to circumvent election laws by reimbursing friends , business contacts and their family members for contributions made in their names , according to court records .
Federal statutes set limits on contributions to federal campaigns and political action committees and bar donations made in the names of others .
Authorities say that from June 2004 to February 2005 , Jinnah directly or indirectly solicited contributions from more than a dozen “ conduits , ” reimbursing them with funds from his company , All American Distributing , a seller of cellphone service and accessories .
Authorities said the scheme allowed Jinnah to get around limits then in effect on individual donors of $ 5,000 per year to PACs and $ 2,000 per election to candidates , as well as the ban on using corporate money for political donations .
Jinnah ’s case has been handled with discretion by the U.S. attorney ’s office in Los Angeles , which recently lost a high - profile case against former Clinton campaign official David Rosen .
Rosen was acquitted of charges of filing false reports about a Hollywood fundraiser given for Clinton in 2000 .
Advertisement
The indictment of Jinnah , handed down in May without a news release , mentions only the initials of the committees that received the illegal donations , referring to them as “ HP ” and “ FB . ”
However , the charging document filed against Stuart Schoenburg , who authorities say is a co-conspirator , identifies one of the committees as HillPac , the leadership committee Clinton formed after her first Senate campaign and which she still uses .
Though Clinton cannot use HillPac to fund her presidential campaign directly , it has allowed her to donate to Democratic candidates and organizations , as well as to pay some political staff and travel expenses .
The Times was able to identify donations to Boxer ’s campaign by cross- referencing dates and contributors ’ initials listed in the indictment with campaign finance records .
The “ FB ” in the indictment stood for “ Friends of Barbara Boxer . ”
According to the indictment , Jinnah arranged $ 30,000 in donations to HillPac by having Schoenburg , a Tarzana television producer , approach family members and others to act as straw donors .
Advertisement
Schoenburg and five others contributed $ 5,000 apiece .
Jinnah later reimbursed them with funds from his corporation , prosecutors say .
In one instance , authorities allege , Jinnah and Schoenburg agreed to write “ production ” in a reimbursement check ’s memo line , falsely indicating it was payment for production services .
“ The campaign clearly had no knowledge of these activities , ” said Howard Wolfson , a spokesman for Clinton .
He said HillPac would not keep the contributions cited in the indictment , as well as others from Jinnah and his family .
The indictment says Jinnah also found 14 straw donors to give $ 28,000 to the 2004 reelection campaign of Boxer ( D - Calif . ) .
Among the contributors were five employees of Jinnah ’s company , Schoenburg and several members of Schoenburg ’s family , records show .
Advertisement
Schoenburg , 76 , pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor count of conspiracy in July .
Contacted this week , he said he would not comment on the case .
“ My attorney told me not to talk to you , ” he said .
His sentencing is scheduled for Monday , but his attorney said it was likely to be postponed .
Rose Kapolczynski , a consultant who ran Boxer ’s 2004 campaign , said no one on Boxer ’s staff knew of Jinnah ’s indictment or the illegal contributions .
“ We were very surprised , ” she said , adding that neither the FBI nor the Justice Department had requested information from the campaign for the case .
Jinnah hosted or co-hosted two fundraisers for Boxer , she acknowledged .
Advertisement
In addition to the donations cited in the indictment , Boxer will also give away $ 8,000 contributed by Jinnah and his relatives , either to charity or the U.S. Treasury , Kapolczynski said .
Pakistani Americans are relatively new players in U.S. politics , not nearly as organized or affluent as Indian Americans , who often are on the opposite side of the same international issues .
In early 2000 , a controversy erupted when a group of Pakistani Americans hosted a $ 50,000 fundraiser for Hillary Clinton as President Clinton was deciding whether to visit Pakistan on a Southeast Asia trip .
The Clintons denied the contributions swayed the decision to make the stop .
Later that year , Jinnah hosted a luncheon fundraiser for then - First Lady Clinton at his house , an event depicted in a photo posted on the website Pakistanlink.com .
Jinnah hosted a second fundraiser for Clinton in October 2004 .
Advertisement
That year , he also helped form the Pakistani American Leadership Center , which describes itself as a coalition of Pakistani Americans seeking to further U.S. - Pakistan ties .
It has helped persuade more than 70 House members to join the Congressional Pakistan Caucus .
The group was particularly jubilant when Rep. Howard L. Berman ( D - Valley Village ) , who had previously sponsored a bill targeting Pakistan for sanctions related to its nuclear program , agreed to become a member .
Jinnah met with Berman and then issued a statement welcoming the congressman to “ a new and hopefully long - term relationship with the Pakistani American community . ”
Jinnah has been substantially less active in the last year , however .
A spokesman for the leadership center said Jinnah had not attended group events since mid-2005 and had not paid his board dues for the year .
Advertisement
Jinnah , who is married with at least two children , has owned a string of businesses in Southern California since at least 1990 , including frozen yogurt shops as well as cellphone - related enterprises .
As a legal permanent resident , though not a U.S. citizen , he can make campaign contributions here .
In September , after his indictment , Jinnah put his latest company -- Advanced Communication Technology Inc. , which did business as All American Distributing -- into Chapter 7 bankruptcy .
Most cases involving issues of campaign finance errors or improprieties are handled civilly by the Federal Election Commission , rather than criminally by the Justice Department .
Spokesman Thom Mrozek said he could not comment on how the U.S. attorney ’s office came to investigate Jinnah .
robin.fields@latimes.com
Advertisement
chuck.neubauer@latimes.com
Times staff writer Stuart Silverstein and researchers Maloy Moore and Janet Lundblad contributed to this report .
Version 2.0 of this article is posted here .
One of the most popular dinner party conversation topics is the possibility that the United States will be joined or even surpassed as a superpower by another nation , such as China .
China has some very smart people , a vast land area , and over four times the population of the US , so it should catch up easily , right ?
Let 's assess the what makes a superpower , and what it would take for China to match the US on each pillar of superpowerdom .
A genuine superpower does not merely have military and political influence , but also must be at the top of the economic , scientific , and cultural pyramids .
Thus , the Soviet Union was only a partial superpower , and the most recent genuine superpower before the United States was the British Empire .
To match the US by 2030 , China would have to :
1 ) Have an economy near the size of the US economy .
If the US grows by 3.5 % a year for the next 25 years , it will be $ 30 trillion in 2006 dollars by then .
Note that this is a modest assumption for the US , given the accelerating nature of economic growth , but also note that world GDP only grows about 4 % a year , and this might at most be 5 % a year by 2030 .
China , with an economy of $ 2.2 trillion in nominal ( not PPP ) terms , would have to grow at 12 % a year for the next 25 years straight to achieve the same size , which is already faster than its current 9 - 10 % rate , if even that can be sustained for so long ( no country , let alone a large one , has grown at more than 8 % over such a long period ) .
In other words , the progress that the US economy would make from 1945 to 2030 ( 85 years ) would have to be achieved by China in just the 25 years from 2005 to 2030 .
Even then , this is just the total GDP , not per capita GDP , which would still be merely a fourth of America's .
2 ) Create original consumer brands that are household names everywhere in the world ( including in America ) , such as Coca - Cola , Nike , McDonalds , Citigroup , Xerox , Microsoft , or Google .
Europe and Japan have created a few brands in a few select industries , but China currently has none .
Observing how many American brand logos have populated billboards and sporting events in developing nations over just the last 15 years , one might argue that US dominance has even increased by this measure .
3 ) Have a military capable of waging wars anywhere in the globe ( even if it does not actually wage any ) .
Part of the opposition that anti-Americans have to the US wars in Afghanistan and Iraq is the envy arising from the US being the only country with the means to invade multiple medium - size countries in other continents and still sustain very few casualties .
No other country currently is even near having the ability to project military power with such force and range .
Mere nuclear weapons are no substitute for this .
The inability of the rest of the world to do anything to halt genocide in Darfur is evidence of how such problems can only get addressed if and when America addresses them .
4 ) Have major universities that are household names , that many of the worlds top students aspire to attend .
17 of the world 's top 20 universities are in the US .
Until top students in Europe , India , and even the US are filling out an application for a Chinese university alongside those of Harvard , Stanford , MIT , or Cambridge , China is not going to match the US in the knowledge economy .
This also represents the obstacles China has to overcome to successfully conduct impactful scientific research .
5 ) Attract the best and brightest to immigrate into China , where they can expect to live a good life in Chinese society .
The US effectively receives a subsidy of $ 100 to $ 200 billion a year , as people educated at the expense of another nation immigrate here and promptly participate in the workforce .
As smart as people within China are , unless they can attract non-Chinese talent that is otherwise going to the US , and even talented Americans , they will not have the same intellectual and psychological cross-pollination , and hence miss out on those economic benefits .
The small matter of people not wanting to move into a country that is not a democracy also has to be resolved .
6 ) Become the nation that produces the new inventions and corporations that are adopted by the mass market into their daily lives .
From the telephone and airplane over a century ago , America has been the engine of almost all technological progress .
Despite the fears of innovation going overseas , the big new technologies and influential applications continue to emerge from companies headquartered in the United States .
Just in the last two years , Google emerged as the next super - lucrative company ( before eBay and Yahoo slightly earlier ) , and the American - dominated ' blogosphere ' emerged as a powerful force of information and media .
7 ) Be the leader in entertainment and culture .
China 's film industry greatly lags India 's , let alone America's .
We hear about piracy of American music and films in China , which tells us exactly what the world order is .
When American teenagers are actively pirating music and movies made in China , only then will the US have been surpassed in this area .
Take a moment to think how distant this scenario is from current reality .
8 ) Be the nation that engineers many of the greatest moments of human accomplishment .
The USSR was ahead of the US in the space race at first , until President Kennedy decided in 1961 to put a man on the moon by 1969 .
While this mission initially seemed to be unnecessary and expensive , the optimism and pride brought to anti-Communist people worldwide was so inspirational that it accelerated many other forms of technological progress and brought economic growth to free - market countries .
This eventually led to a global exodus from socialism altogether , as the pessimism necessary for socialism to exist became harder to enforce .
People from many nations still feel pride from humanity having set foot on the Moon , something which America made possible .
China currently has plans to put a man on the moon by 2024 .
While being only the second country to achieve this would certainly be prestigious , it would still be 55 years after the United States achieved the same thing .
That is not quite the trajectory it would take to approach the superpowerdom of the US by 2030 .
If China puts a man on Mars before the US , I may change my opinion on this point , but the odds of that happening are not high .
9 ) Be the nation expected to thanklessly use its own resources to solve many of the world 's problems .
If the US donates $ 15 billion in aid to Africa , the first reaction from critics is that the US did not donate enough .
On the other hand , few even consider asking China to donate aid to Africa .
After the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami , the fashionable question was why the US did not donate even more and sooner , rather than why China did not donate more , despite being geographically much closer .
Ask yourself this - if an asteroid were on a collision course with the Earth , which country 's technology would the world depend on to detect it , and then destroy or divert it ?
Until China is relied upon to an equal degree , it is not in the same league .
10 ) Adapt to the underappreciated burden of superpowerdom - the huge double standards that a benign superpower must withstand in that role .
America is still condemned for slavery that ended 140 years ago , even by nations that have done far worse things more recently than that .
Is China prepared to apologize for Tianenmen Square , the genocide in Tibet , the 30 million who perished during the Great Leap Forward , and the suppression of news about SARS , every day for the next century ?
Is China remotely prepared for being blamed for inaction towards genocide in Darfur while simultaneously being condemned for non-deadly prison abuse in a time of war against opponents who follow no rules of engagement ?
The amount of unfairness China would have to withstand to truly achieve political parity with America might be prohibitive given China 's history over the last 60 years .
Furthermore , China being held to the superpower standard would simultaneously reduce the burden that the US currently bears alone , allowing the US to operate with less opposition than it experiences today .
Of the ten points above , Europe and Japan have tried for decades , and have only achieved parity with the US on maybe two of these dimensions at most .
China will surpass Europe and Japan by 2030 by achieving perhaps two or possibly even three out of these ten points , but attaining all ten is something I am willing to confidently bet against .
The dream of anti-Americans who relish the prospect of any nation , even a non-democratic one , surpassing the US is still a very distant one .
A point that many bring up is that empires have always risen and fallen throughout history .
This is partly true , but note that the Roman Empire lasted for over 1000 years after its peak .
Also note that the British Empire never actually collapsed since Britain is still one of the the top seven countries in the world today , and the English language is the most widely spoken in the world .
Britain was merely surpassed by its descendant , with whom it shares a symbiotic relationship .
The US can expect the same if it is finally surpassed , at some point much later than 2030 and probably not before the Technological Singularity , which would make the debate moot .
That writing this article is even worthwhile is a tribute to how far China has come and how much it might achieve , but nonetheless , there is no other country that will be a superpower on par with the US by 2030 .
This is one of the safest predictions The Futurist can make .
The state of New Mexico has ordered 500 talking urinal cakes that will deliver a recorded anti-DWI message to bar and restaurant patrons who make one last pit stop before getting behind the wheel .
The " Wizmark " device subjects users to a female voice reading the following script : " Hey there , big guy .
Having a few drinks ?
Listen up .
Think that you 've had a few too many ?
Then it 's time to call a cab or ask a sober friend for a ride home .
It sure is safer and a hell of a lot cheaper than a DWI .
Make the smart choice tonight .
Do n't drink and drive .
Remember , your future is in your hand . "
Click here for the audio
The state Transportation Department plans to distribute them to Santa Fe bars and restaurants as well as establishments in Farmington , Gallup and Las Cruces .
Once again big brother intrusiveness has been given an excuse to flourish where common sense is lacking .
The idea that every form of misdemeanor can be solved by some ridiculous piece of technology is aiding a sleepwalk towards the surveillance society .
How many people are seriously going to heed a warning from something they are literally pissing on ?
At first glance this story may seem ludicrous and comical , but it is once again indicative of a wider problem within society .
We are letting our governments treat us like mindless sheep that need to be watched over 24/7 and told how to act and how to conduct ourselves .
Why do they think they can treat people like this ?
Because people let them .
In Orwell 's 1984 the orders came from a telescreen , only in the new America will the orders come from the toilet .
The authorities have for a long time used the DWI problem as an excuse to introduce freedom sapping big brother technologies .
There is a veritable surveillance package that all drivers will soon be forced to accept if they wish to use America 's roads and highways .
- Moves are afoot to force 245 million drivers in America to have alcohol breathalysers fitted in their vehicles , ignition interlocks that prevent the vehicle from being started by an inebriant .
- GPS tracking and taxation black boxes are being pushed to coincide with the construction of the NAFTA Superhighway , where all vehicles will be forced to use toll roads and will have their every movement catalogued by spy satellites in alliance with a massive centralized database .
- US citizens will be forced to adopt a de-facto national identification card and have their freedom of mobility defined by behavioral fealty to the government under proposals set to derive from NAFTA superhighway toll road systems and the implementation of the American Union .
- Biometric eye scanners that can detect tiredness and deny mobility if the system judges the driver to be fatigued are being proposed for individual vehicle use after being utilized by police in Australia .
- Proposals are in play to install surveillance cameras in all cars , especially in areas where legislation has been passed that bans the individual from smoking in their own car if a child is also present .
- In March 2004 , Toyota launched its concept car of the future - a literal behavior modification surveillance center on wheels - festooned with Big Brother technology - that will record every nuance and error the driver exhibits , and will limit its performance based on those factors , including refusing to turn itself on .
Industry publications and other motor industry giants have also touted surveillance infested vehicles as the model for all future development .
- Though billed as a " non-profit organization , " The American Institute of Philanthropy has given MADD poor grades for its high bureaucratic and fundraising costs .
- Mothers Against Drunk Driving , a front group for the auto industry that has been caught in the past stealing money it raises through telemarketing , advocates warrantless random roadblocks and checkpoints to supposedly find drunk drivers , violating the U.S. constitution and instilling fear into people for simply having a glass of wine with their meal .
Just as surveillance cameras ( both talking and non-talking ) do nothing to prevent crime , talking piss cakes will do absolutely nothing to prevent DWIs .
In the majority of areas in the south - west , around half of DWIs involve illegal aliens , but nobody is prepared to face up to that problem .
A study by the Highway Safety Research Center at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill found Hispanic drivers involved in crashes were three times more likely to be drunk than white or black drivers .
If you find one of these things talking at you when you 're doing your business I suggest you flush it where it belongs with the rest of the crap you 'd normally find in a toilet .
Thomas Ricks '
Fiasco went on sale at the end of last month .
The book is a " ... hard - hitting indictment of the Iraq war ... with compelling specificity " according to the publisher .
Ricks , a senior Washington Post Pentagon correspondent and award - winning journalist , says in the book that " ... under Rumsfeld , Wolfowitz and Feith , the Pentagon concocted ' the worst war plan in American history . ' "
You can watch an interview with the author here on the Amazon website .
You can also see an interview with Ricks here on C - Span2 .
In this MSNBC piece , the interviewer says the book " ... will likely become the definitive account of our [ US ] war there . "
But why am I talking about this book here ?
Because several Presentation Zen readers this weekend sent me links to the Arms and Influence blog which , referencing " Fiasco , " talks about the ineffective use of PowerPoint as briefing slides in the Iraq conflict .
The blog points us to a passage in " Fiasco " which highlights communication problems , including really bad PowerPoint .
In the book , Ricks quotes an Army Lt. General who was frustrated over getting vague PowerPoint slides sent to him instead of clear orders or plans .
Said Ricks :
" That reliance on slides rather than formal written orders seemed to some military professionals to capture the essence of Rumsfeld 's amateurish approach to war planning . " — Thomas Ricks , author of Fiasco
Reliance on slides rather than formal written documents — sound familiar ?
It should .
Remember the findings of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board in 2003 ?
" The Board views the endemic use of PowerPoint briefing slides instead of technical papers as an illustration of the problematic technical communication at NASA . "
— Columbia Accident Investigation Board
Déjà vu .
( See Edward Tufte 's site for a thorough discussion on the better techniques for writing technical papers . )
This image below is apparently of an actual slide that Joint Task Force IV used to show how the occupation would work .
Could this work as a stand - alone document ?
Really bad documents
Bad presentations are one thing .
They are certainly a waste of time ( that 's perhaps the least harm they do ) .
But even in the worst of presentations , if we really need to know the answer to something we could interrupt or ask the question during the Q&A .
With documents and handouts , of course , we have no such luxury .
If a document is poorly designed and poorly written , where do we go to get a clarification ?
And if the document is crucial — even a matter of life and death — is it not paramount that the document be easily searchable with the appropriate depth of data and information ?
At no time should the reader be saying to themselves : " WTF !— what does this %#@ *! mean ?!!! "
It is just plain stupid to use projected slides ( i.e. , visuals ) used in a live presentation as a document to be read later by people who did not see the talk .
Surely the military knows the difference between on - screen visuals used in a live presentation and important documents and reports to be read and referenced in the field .
The Arms and Influence article points out the very same thing we have been saying for so long .
Here are two major points I agree with from the post :
• " PowerPoint slides are ... not the conversation itself . "
• " PowerPoint slides are not self - evident . "
I have talked about this here many times before .
For example : " Slideuments , " " Handouts can set you free , " " Presentation documents and writing for non-writers , " " The sound of one room napping , " " Are we asking the right questions ? "
Says the Arms and Influence author : " In a PowerPoint presentation , the speaker can pick up the slack during the presentation itself , or during the Q&A section at the end .
In combat , no such opportunity to ask basic questions like , What did you mean by that ? , presents itself . "
Out of curiosity , I went to the US Department of State website to see if I could find any evidence of poorly made documents there .
Sure enough , if you download the weekly Iraq Status Reports you will find that they are not written papers with appropriate graphic support and detail but PDFs of " briefing [ PPT ] slides . "
The Department of State says that these reports ( series of slides ) give comprehensive " updates in the eight key areas identified as pillars of U.S. Government policy . "
Why are these status reports made in PowerPoint ?
These would make ineffective visuals and they make for an even worse document .
Apparently the allure of PPT is too hard to resist .
Why on earth would they not use a word processor or page layout app to produce their documents ?
Why allow the " cognitive style " of slideware to influence the flow , organization , and depth of a status report ?
Surely the status reports on the War in the Pacific during World War II were of better quality ?
Above : a sample slide from the August 9 , 2006 Iraq Weekly Status Report ( Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs , US Department of State ) .
The legendary Alan Kay , the father of the graphical user interface , has said in the past that much technology is a kind of " inverse vandalism " — that is , the making of machinery or tools just because we can .
Does this not apply to * using * technology as well ?
Do we print out PowerPoint slides because " we can " or because " it improves things " ?
In the end , I do n't think PPT is the cause but rather the symptom of a very large and very complex communication problem here .
Links
• What 's Your Point , Lieutenant ?
Please , Just Cut To The Pie Charts ( Wall Street Journal , 4-26-2000 ) :
• Good discussion on Edward Tufte 's site on PPT and the military
• Edward Tufte points us to a good example of a technical document
• Edward Tufte on the Columbia evidence
• The Importance of PowerPoint Slides in Iraq ( FoxNews )
• See the comments section in this Crooked Timber post
• Death by PowerPoint on Arms and Influence site
Smell that ?
It 's the scent of mounting credibility for a controversial theory of smell that puts molecular vibrations front and center .
Physicists have now analyzed the proposed mechanism and deemed it plausible .
The new calculations by no means prove the theory , but they give it added legitimacy , says biophysicist and perfumer Luca Turin , who developed the idea .
" Most people would probably feel that if it can be done at all , evolution has managed to make use of it . "
The question :
What property of an odor molecule ( or odorant ) do the receptors in our noses pick up ?
The reigning but still unproved explanation of smell supposes that the shape is the thing , with receptors fitting like a lock into the molecule 's key .
But the shape theory does n't explain why some nearly identically shaped molecules smell vastly different , such as ethanol , which smells like vodka , and ethane thiol ( rotten eggs ) .
Turin's more controversial theory , put forth in 1996 and now the subject of two popular books , holds instead that odorant receptors sense the way a molecule 's atoms jiggle .
The shape of the molecule still comes into play , Turin says , because it determines the odorant 's overall vibrational frequency .
But he did n't know how all the details fit together .
Physicist Marshall Stoneham and his colleagues at University College London report they have constructed a specific mechanism based on the properties of so - called G - protein coupled receptors , which project from olfactory cells inside the nose .
The researchers imagined that the odorant fits into a spot between a site that donates an electron and one that receives the electron .
In this model , the receptor switches on when an electron hops from donor to acceptor .
The group calculated that an electron could " tunnel " through the barrier imposed by the odorant , an effect made possible by quantum mechanics , they wrote in a preprint accepted for publication in Physical Review Letters .
Before it tunnels , the electron distorts the odorant molecule 's electrical field .
When it tunnels , it effectively disappears , causing that electrical field to wobble like a plucked string , Turin explains .
Tunneling is likely to take place if the plucking matches the molecule 's natural mode of vibration .
The effect is more like a " swipe card " than a lock and key , says Stoneham , who adds he was skeptical of the idea when he first met Turin a decade ago .
" The way the numbers worked out it looks like a perfectly credible mechanism .
The reason we 're not 100 percent certain is we do n't know the detailed structure of the receptors . "
" This provides the first step " to devising better tests of Turin 's theory , says biochemist Shuguang Zhang of M.I.T. , whose lab is exploring the idea .
" At least it shows the alternative theory is possible . "
Turin says the strongest tests of his theory so far come from studies in which researchers replace an odorant atom with an isotope of that atom , which has a slightly different weight and changes the molecule 's frequency of vibration .
In animals his predictions hold up , but the evidence is mixed in people , he says .
A study published in 2004 in Nature Neuroscience , for example , found that people could not discriminate between two such odorants .
An accompanying editorial remarked on " the extraordinary - - and inappropriate - - degree of publicity that the theory has received from uncritical journalists . "
Of course it also concluded , " In some sense it does not matter whether the public believes in the vibrational theory of olfaction ; the truth will eventually come out . "
The new model may hasten that day .
The Democrats have taken control of both the House of Representatives and the Senate , in a serious blow to Republican President George W Bush .
In the elections for state governors the Democrats also made gains , taking power in six more states , bringing their total number of governors up to 28 , with the Republicans on 22 .
SENATE
A late victory in Virginia has given the Democrats control of the Senate by a tiny margin .
James Webb 's narrow victory over Republican George Allen took his party past the winning post for control of the US 's upper house .
Of the 100 seats in the Senate , 33 were up for election .
The Democrats needed to gain six seats for victory .
Two independent senators make up the rest of the party 's wafer - thin majority as former Democrat Joe Lieberman of Connecticut and Bernie Sanders of Vermont are expected to vote with the Democrats .
PARTY 2000 2002 2004 2006 Democratic 50 48 44 49 Republican 50 51 55 49 Independent 0 1 1 2
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
The Democrats needed to pick up 15 seats to end more than a decade of Republican dominance in the House ; in the end they gained more than 30 , giving them a clear majority .
The Bush foreign policy is predicated on one simple axiom : “ We will stop the world ’s most dangerous men from getting their hands on the world ’s most dangerous weapons ” .
By that standard , Bush ’s dealings with North Korea have been a wretched failure .
After 6 years of fruitless saber rattling and belligerence , the North detonated a nuclear bomb in early October and put region on notice that there ’s a new member in the nuclear weapons club .
For the time being , only South Korea and Japan are within range of the North ’s missile systems , but as the technology improves the Taepodong 2 will eventually be capable of hitting mainland U.S.A .
The bottom line is that the American people are considerably less safe with a nuclear armed DPRK ( Democratic People ’s Republic of Korea ) than they were before .
The Bush administration has had ample time to take steps to negotiate a settlement between the two traditional adversaries .
Instead , they chose to aggravate the situation by trying to topple the regime by freezing bank accounts and enforcing punitive “ unilateral ” sanctions .
Unsurprisingly , Bush ’s ham - fisted tactics have produced the opposite result of what was intended .
The North rushed ahead with its research and quickly figured out the basic elements of nuclear bomb - production allowing the madcap dictator in the oversized sun-glasses to build a stockpile of between 6 to 12 nuclear weapons .
Now the entire region is on tenterhooks and frantically trying to cobble together a diplomatic solution .
The Bush administration has stubbornly refused to sit down in one - on - one negotiations with the North .
Their refusal was supposed to send a message that the U.S. is just “ too important ” to engage a vassal state like North Korea in serious dialogue .
Bush further strained relations by including the North on its “ axis of evil ” list which includes the states that the US has designated as targets for regime change .
Additionally , Vice President Cheney delivered a blunt warning to Kim in a speech he delivered early last year .
He said , “ We do n’t negotiate with evil ; we defeat it . ”
What could be clearer ?
Given the administration ’s blatant hostility , Kim Jung
Il did what any leader would do if they were facing a similar existential threat ; he developed a credible deterrent to US aggression , nuclear weapons .
His research was undoubtedly hurried along by Bush ’s bellicosity .
Immediately following October ’s nuclear blast , the Bush administration reversed its policy and sent a messenger to the North Korean Embassy to see if they would be willing to conduct secret “ bilateral ” negotiations in Berlin .
Bush was desperately trying to avoid the appearance that he had completely caved in on a matter of principle , but the facts are not in dispute .
Bush ’s sudden U - turn is just another unfortunate humiliation for the country .
The Bush public relations team is trying to spin the new agreement as a “ breakthrough ” .
But there is no breakthrough .
Bush has capitulated on all the main issues .
It ’s a terrible deal and that ’s why so many conservatives are enraged and spewing their anger in the newspapers .
The agreement will remove the North from the State Department ’s list of terrorist states and provide 50,000 tons of fuel oil just for shutting down its Yongbyon reactor .
But that wo n’t address the north ’s clandestine nuclear program or Kim ’s nuclear weapons stockpile .
In fact , these are not even on the table !
Just months ago Bush rejected the same deal saying , “ We will never agree to blackmail ” .
My , how things change once a country gets nukes .
The present agreement is worse than the “ Agreed Framework ” which was initiated by Bill Clinton in 1994 and which was universally repudiated by Republicans and the conservative think tanks .
Nicholas Eberstadt of the far - right American Enterprise Institute summarized it like this :
“ This is substantially worse than the Agreed Framework …
The ( original ) agreement attempted to freeze everything that we knew about the DPRK ’s activities and probe their good faith .
Now , we have agreed to a deal that only freezes part , at most , of North Korea ’s nuclear activities for a much higher price then the earlier agreement , with a regime that we know operates in bad faith on nuclear deals . ”
Eberstadt is right .
Every part of the agreement favors the North .
The United States and its allies will have to provide 50,000 tons of fuel oil just for the privilege of sitting down at the bargaining table with the DPRK diplomats .
Shutting down Yongbyon is utterly meaningless ; that does n’t tell us where the secret uranium enrichment program is located and that is the fuel - source for the Kim ’s nuclear weapons .
There ’s no chance that the administration will persuade the North to “ denuclearize ” ( the administration ’s word du jour ) .
Kim knows that the real objective of US policy is regime change and that guarantees that he will never give up his nukes .
Instead , he plans to use the upcoming negotiations as a means of extorting more concessions from Bush and the allies .
Next , he ’s expected to demand electrical power from South Korea , additional food and medicine , and the light - water reactor which was promised by Clinton .
All the while , his nukes will remain safely tucked away beyond reach ; his only real bargaining chip .
The real danger in Bush ’s policy - turnabout is the message that it sends to Iran and any other country who wants to improve its prospects vis a vis the United States .
If Iran had any doubts that it needs nuclear weapons to fend off the US ; those doubts have been removed .
Bush ’s blundering foreign policy has dealt a withering blow to nuclear nonproliferation and paved the way for a 21st century arms race .
This is a bad deal all around and only underscores one basic truism :
Blackmail works .
At a recent presentation in Austin by Seilevel about the goals and methods of requirements gathering , a member of the audience asked “ What can we do with our requirements to assure innovation ? ”
That ’s a tough question with an easy answer – nothing .
What if the question had been “ What can we do to prevent innovation ? ”
That ’s a better question with a lot of answers .
Struggling with too much innovation ?
Yes , people have been innovating since fire and the wheel it ’s a curse we ’ve inherited .
In modern times , much of that innovation has happened inside companies .
3 M had the post - it note , Lockheed had the skunkworks that created the SR71 .
Google allows their employees to dedicate 20 % of their time to whatever interests them – and Google ’s employees innovate a lot .
Most companies do a good job of providing incremental improvements to existing products and processes .
What are those few who struggle with innovation doing wrong ?
Companies with track records of innovation have flawed processes .
They fail to screen out likely innovaters in their hiring process .
They mismanage their employees , who end up innovating when they should be towing the line .
They inadvertantly reward innovation instead of mediocrity with recognition and compensation .
They create opportunities to innovate and their employees drive Mack trucks through these loopholes .
Here is some guidance about how to fix those problems :
Top ten tips for preventing innovation
Drank too much last night ?
Head aches , mouth dry , you are nauseous ?
That ’s a hangover for sure .
But why does that happen ?
Let ’s see scientifically why hangovers occcur and how to cure them .
The hangover is caused by a combination of the toxic by - product of alcohol metabolism ( acetaldehyde ) , dehydration , and Vitamin A , B ( particularly B6 ) and C depletion brought about by the chemical action of alcohol on your system .
Some drinks give you worse hangovers than others due to the actions of impurities it contains .
These impurities are called congeners .
It 's the ethyl alcohol ( ethanol ) that gets you drunk , but the amyl , butyl , methyl , propyl , and isopropyl alcohols that are also found in most drinks ( more or less ) , and the concentration of these congeners determine how bad your hangover will be .
The white ( clear ) spirits have less congeners than the colored ones ( vodka , gin , tequila as opposed to whisky and cognac ) as they are filtered .
Another special “ impurity ” which really gives you a sick feeling after drinking is acetaldehyde , a by - product of the natural oxidation of ethanol .
This is usually contributing to the super headache one feels .
What can be done about it ?
There are lots of cures from folklore and each country and culture seems to have their own .
Below you can read the result of exhaustive research , and popularity of cures among the published articles found worldwide .
Special Rule :
If you forget to at night , take two oils containing Isobruphen .
There are several names for this medicine , but do NOT take aspirin or other similar medicines .
Only Isobuphen appears to work , and other painkillers with acetaminophen can damage your liver .
General Rule : Often called “ hair of the dog that bite you ” .
a Bloody Mary cocktail seems to bring you back to normal .
In conjunction with Isobuphen , a Bloody Mary can work quite dramatically .
Here is my recipe , taken from a famous Japanese restaurant in New York ;
• One shotglass of vodka ( use the best you can find )
• Dash of lemon juice
• Worcestershire sauce
• 2 or 3 drops Tabasco sauce or more if you can handle it
• Pepper , salt and celery salt
• 5 oz tomato juice
Over ice in a tall glass add spices , then vodka .
Fill with tomato juice and stir .
Garnish with celery stick and lime wedge .
Special Rules :
1 . Take a hot shower
2 . Do deep breathing exercises in front of an open window
3 . Walk in place till your heartbeat is about 115 beats per minute then stop
4 . As you feel better , drink lots of pure clean water
5 . Eat bananas .
Bananas contain high volumes of fructose , and and potassium , which is one of the things you lose lots of when you drink .
Bananas are also a natural antacid to help with the nausea , and are high in magnesium which can help relax those pounding blood vessels causing that hangover headache .
Obviously one would not like to drink too much and suffer the consequences of a hangover the next day , but following the rules above will alleviate most or all of the symptoms .
For more free diet and nutrition advice including feathres articles and magazines go to :
http://www.net-planet.oeg.health.html
Labels : hangover cure
Windows XP 's automatic update facility is clearly a good thing .
Except when an update is installed that requires a reboot and you 're working on the computer at the time .
Then you get this lovely dialog :
As if I needed another reason to hate dialog boxes .
This is perhaps the Naggiest .
Dialog .
Box .
Ever .
It ca n't be dismissed .
You get two choices -- Restart Now , or Restart Later .
If you click Restart Later , it pops up again ten minutes later , like clockwork .
It belongs to wuauclt .exe , part of the Microsoft automatic update provider .
I tried killing wuauclt .exe , and like a bad zombie movie , it keeps coming back .
I want automatic updates , but I also want to restart my computer when I feel like it .
Is there any way to turn off this incredibly annoying nag dialog ?
UPDATE : Thanks to the many commenters , we now have at least two ways to disable Mister Naggy McNaggerson :
1. Stop the " Automatic Updates " service .
Navigate to Control Panel | Administrative Tools | Services : Right click the Automatic Updates service and stop it .
You can also do the same thing at the command line by typing : net stop wuauserv or you can type this , which does the same thing , and is a little easier to remember : net stop " automatic updates "
After the service is stopped , the nag message stops , too .
Then you can reboot when you have time .
The service will restart when you reboot .
2. Modify Group Policy settings .
Although the FAIR USE Act introduced yesterday by Rep. Rick Boucher ( D - VA ) and Rep. John Doolittle ( R - CA ) will have little more than a symbolic effect on the DMCA , that is n't stopping the Recording Industry Association of America from unloading on the bill with both barrels .
In a statement released earlier today by the RIAA , the group said that Rep. Boucher 's bill would have the effect of kneecapping the DMCA .
" The DMCA has enabled consumers to enjoy creative works through popular new technologies , " the RIAA said in a statement .
" The DVD , iPod and the iTunes Music Store can all be traced to the DMCA .
Online games , on - demand movies , e-books , online libraries , and many other services are coming to market because of a secure environment rooted in the DMCA ’s protections . "
Once again , the RIAA finds itself at odds with the Consumer Electronics Association .
CEA President and Gary Shapiro is welcoming the FAIR USE Act , saying that it " will reinforce the historical fair use protections of constitutionally - mandated copyright law that are reflected in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) . "
Shapiro and the CEA would get a significant boost from the bill , should it pass , due to provisions that would significantly shield electronics manufacturers from liability for infringement .
The Act would make it difficult for rights - holders to receive statutory damages in most cases of infringement .
That sets off alarm bells for the RIAA .
The FAIR USE Act " would repeal the DMCA and legalize hacking , " says the RIAA .
" It would reverse the Supreme Court 's decision in Grokster and allow electronics companies to induce others to break the law for their own profit . "
The RIAA also takes issue with the bill 's narrow exemptions to the DMCA .
" Proponents of H.R. 1201 claim it legalizes hacking only for ' noninfringing ' uses , " reads the RIAA 's statement .
" But as Congress recognized when it enacted the DMCA , the difference between hacking done for noninfringing purposes and hacking done to steal is impossible to determine and enforce .
That 's why Congress created a review process that takes place every three years to determine whether fair uses of copyrighted works are in peril and why Congress gave the power to the Librarian of Congress to take away DMCA protections in cases where fair use is in danger . "
Earlier today , we wondered if the copyright industry would " decide that Boucher 's legislation is a way to buy off one of their most powerful adversaries on copyright issues , helping to undermine support for broader copyright reform efforts . "
It looks like we have our answer .
Even though the FAIR USE
Act does n't do nearly enough to fix the very real problems with the DMCA or to shore up fair use , the content creation industry looks set to fight the legislation tooth and nail .
Sir Elton John will appear at next month 's Plymouth Jazz Festival on the Caribbean island of Tobago , despite local church objections that his presence on the sun-kissed Caribbean island might turn the entire population gay .
Archdeacon Philip Isaac recently warned : " His visit can open the country to be tempted towards pursuing his lifestyle .
He needs to be ministered to . "
According the the BBC , pastor Terrance Baynes added there were some residents " who may not be sure of their sexuality " , and therefore " one has to be careful about how this can create impressions on impressionable minds " .
Festival organiser Anthony Maharaj countered : " He is coming as one of the world 's greatest performers - not to preach about what lifestyle people should have . "
Amnesty International weighed in with : " People have a right to be who they are , free from persecution , whether they 're a pop star or a roadsweeper .
Discrimination against gay people is completely prohibited by international human rights law , "
Mercifully , Tobago's House of Assembly agreed , and Sir Elton is now free to work his special kind of magic on the locals . ®
Comment
The first thing that came out of our mouths when we heard that Google is working on a system that listens to what 's on your TV playing in the background , and then serves you relevant adverts , was " that 's cool , but dangerous " .
The idea appeared in Technology Review citing Peter Norvig , director of research at Google , who says these ideas will show up eventually in real Google products - sooner rather than later .
The idea is to use the existing PC microphone to listen to whatever is heard in the background , be it music , your phone going off or the TV turned down .
The PC then identifies it , using fingerprinting , and then shows you relevant content , whether that 's adverts or search results , or a chat room on the subject .
And , of course , we would n’t put it past Google to store that information away , along with the search terms it keeps that you 've used , and the web pages you have visited , to help it create a personalised profile that feeds you just the right kind of adverts / content .
And given that it is trying to develop alternative approaches to TV advertising , it could go the extra step and help send " content relevant " advertising to your TV as well .
We suspect that such a world would be rather eerie , with a constant feeling of déjà vu every time anyone watched TV .
Technology Review said Google talked about this software in Europe last June , and that it breaks sound into a five - second snippets to pick out audio from a TV , reducing the snippet to a digital " fingerprint " , which it matches on an internet server .
Given the furore caused when AOL released searches on the internet , there might be more than a few civil liberties activists less than happy for Google to put this idea into practice .
Also , given that Google provides the software link between its search software and the microphone , it 's a small step to making the same link to any webcams attached to the PC .
Pretty soon the security industry is going to find a way to hijack the Google feed and use it for full on espionage .
Google says that its fingerprinting technology makes it impossible for the company ( or anyone else ) to eavesdrop on other sounds in the room , such as personal conversations , because the conversion to a fingerprint is made on the PC , and a fingerprint can't be reversed , as it's only an identity .
But we should think that " spyware " might take on an extra meaning if someone less scrupulous decided on a similar piece of software .
The Google program converts sound into graphs , weeds out background noise , and reduces the graphs to key features that can then be translated into just four bytes of information , so that the fingerprints for an entire year of television programming would add up to no more than a few gigabytes , the company said .
Meanwhile , in an unconnected announcement this week , Google said it has signed a multi- year agreement with online auction giant eBay , to provide text - based advertising outside the US .
The companies also plan to launch a " click - to - call " advertising function on eBay using Skype and Google Talk .
Copyright © 2006 , Faultline
Faultline is published by Rethink Research , a London - based publishing and consulting firm .
This weekly newsletter is an assessment of the impact of the week 's events in the world of digital media .
Faultline is where media meets technology .
Subscription details here .
Fierce winds have been pounding northern Europe - including Germany , France , the Netherlands and the UK .
The storm has been moving east over the continent .
Germany was one of the worst - affected countries , with hurricane - force winds shutting down the rail service nationwide and forcing the cancellation of dozens of flights .
The high winds have brought down trees and power lines across the north of the continent and torn roofs off buildings .
In the Netherlands , winds caused travel cancellations and school closures , as well as damage to property and vehicles .
Most of the deaths across Europe have been from flying debris and car accidents .
Several people were injured in Utrecht when a crane was blown over , falling on a university building .
The Dutch weather service said the country had not seen such a storm for years .
In the British capital , tourists and Londoners alike struggled to make their way across the city .
While the British coast was pounded by high waves such as these at Brighton pier .
But not everyone was taking the high winds seriously - two children made the most of it on the beach at IJmuiden , on the Netherlands ' North Sea coast .
Back 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Next
E-mail this to a friend
IN a third - floor Flower District walkup with bare wooden floors , plain white walls and an excitable toy poodle named Simon , six guys dressed mainly in T - shirts and jeans sit all day in front of computer screens at desks arranged around the oblong room ’s perimeter , pecking away at their keyboards and , bit by bit , at the media establishment .
The world headquarters of TPM Media is pretty much like any small newsroom , anywhere , except for the shirts .
And the dog .
And the quiet .
Most newsrooms are notably noisy places , full of shrill phones and quacking reporters .
Here there is mainly quiet , except for the clacking keyboards .
It ’s 20 or so blocks up town to the heart of the media establishment , the Midtown towers that house the big newspaper , magazine and book publishers .
And yet it was here in a neighborhood of bodegas and floral wholesalers that , over the last two months , one of the biggest news stories in the country -- the Bush administration ’s firing of a group of U.S. attorneys -- was pieced together by the reporters of the blog Talking Points Memo .
The bloggers used the usual tools of good journalists everywhere -- determination , insight , ingenuity -- plus a powerful new force that was not available to reporters until blogging came along : the ability to communicate almost instantaneously with readers via the Internet and to deputize those readers as editorial researchers , in effect multiplying the reporting power by an order of magnitude .
Advertisement
In December , Josh Marshall , who owns and runs TPM , posted a short item linking to a news report in the Arkansas Democrat - Gazette about the firing of the U.S. attorney for that state .
Marshall later followed up , adding that several U.S. attorneys were apparently being replaced and asked his 100,000 or so daily readers to write in if they knew anything about U.S. attorneys being fired in their areas .
For the two months that followed , Talking Points Memo and one of its sister sites , TPM Muckraker , accumulated evidence from around the country on who the axed prosecutors were , and why politics might be behind the firings .
The cause was taken up among Democrats in Congress .
One senior Justice Department official has resigned , and Atty .
Gen. Alberto R. Gonzales is now in the media crosshairs .
This is n’t the first time Marshall and Talking Points have led coverage on national issues .
In 2002 , the site was the first to devote more than just passing mention to then - Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott ’s claim that the country would have been better off had the segregationist 1948 presidential campaign of Sen.
Strom Thurmond succeeded .
The subsequent furor cost Lott his leadership position .
Similarly , the TPM sites were leaders in chronicling the various scandals associated with Republican lobbyist Jack Abramoff .
Advertisement
All of this from an enterprise whose annual budget probably would n’t cover the janitorial costs incurred by a metropolitan daily newspaper .
“ Hundreds of people out there send clips and other tips , ” Marshall said .
“ There is some real information out there , some real expertise .
If you ’re not in politics and you know something , you ’re not going to call David Broder .
With the blog , you develop an intimacy with people .
Some of it is perceived , but some of it is real . ”
Marshall ’s use of his readers to gather information takes advantage of the interactivity that is at the heart of the Internet revolution .
The amount of discourse between writers and readers on the Web makes traditional journalists look like hermetic monks .
Duncan Black , an economist who writes as Atrios on his website , Eschaton , receives hundreds of comments for almost anything he posts .
Thursday morning , he posted a short note saying he would not be writing much that day as he was going to be traveling .
Within the hour , 492 people posted comments on that .
A political reporter at a metropolitan daily might not get that much reader response in a year .
Advertisement
“ With Abramoff , I was getting a lot more tips than I could handle , ” Marshall said .
“ I thought if I hire two people , pay them , marry them with these tips , what could we do then ? ”
That led to the creation of TPM Muckraker , which has two full - time , salaried reporter - bloggers and is where many of the stories on the U.S. attorneys were originally published .
In much of its work , TPM exhibits a clearly identified political agenda .
In this , it is no different from dozens of other blogs across the political spectrum .
It distinguishes itself by mixing liberal opinion with original reporting by its own staff and actively seeking information from its readers .
This was most apparent in 2004 - 05 when Marshall turned the site ’s focus to President Bush ’s proposed privatization of Social Security .
Marshall asked readers to survey their own members of Congress on the issue .
This distributed reporting helped TPM compile rosters of where every member of Congress stood on the proposal , something no newspaper attempted .
By making apparent the lack of enthusiasm for the plan , TPM helped kill it .
Advertisement
The Social Security campaign was straightforward political activism , with strict advocacy for a well - defined position .
“ For me , that was sort of a little beyond my comfort zone , ” Marshall said .
“ But the underlying issue seemed important enough to do it .
There are still a lot of lines I do n’t cross because of , for lack of a better word , the kind of institution we are .
We do opinion journalism , we ’re not campaign adjuncts . ”
BLOGGING has famously unleashed the opinions of multitudes .
There are , by very rough count , 60 million bloggers around the world today .
Some projections have that number nearly doubling again this year .
Depending on which side of a vitriolic divide you fall -- that is , whether you think this is good or bad -- this represents either the end of civilization or the rise of true democracy .
There are blogs for baseball teams , for fast food , for God and for Satan ; there are lots of blogs on politics and Hollywood and at least one that deals exclusively with pharmaceutical industry research .
There are hundreds of blogs on Iraq and more than you would imagine in Mongolia .
Advertisement
Though the numbers and breadth of blogging are indeed astonishing , it ’s not at all clear what the numbers mean , if they mean anything at all .
Much of what constitutes the phenomenon of blogging is apt to be inconsequential for the simple but powerful fact that nobody reads most of them .
That is , aside from their authors , literally nobody .
Most of these blogs are the creations of individuals who have a passion to write , usually about a single subject , that subject often being themselves .
Some of them are truly horrible and , thankfully , short - lived .
The passion burns out .
Others , though , are remarkably good .
There are sports blogs devoted to single teams that are far more acute in their analysis than mainstream media ( MSM ) covering the same sport .
This is particularly true in baseball , where statistically driven analysis has been adopted wholesale in the blogosphere while the MSM has been slow to recognize its value .
The blogs that have captured the most attention are those that devote themselves mainly to politics and public affairs .
These are almost always run by partisans of one side or the other .
In that , they are nearly the opposite of the sort of coverage presented in traditional media , whose coverage at least attempts to be neutral on questions of policy .
Advertisement
This neutrality is a favorite target of bloggers who say that mainstream journalism objectivity disguises hidden biases of the form , if not the writer .
The bloggers contend that these biases can render neutrality into bland , even neutered reporting that rewards those intent on manipulating it .
Many critiques from both sides of the blogging - MSM divide are accurate , if sometimes misplaced .
The chief criticisms of blogging from defenders of the MSM are , one , the pajama charge -- that is , bloggers are not professional journalists and do n’t do much reporting ( thus the image of them sitting at home in their pajamas ) -- and , two , the incivility charge , that many bloggers use impolite language .
Most bloggers , in fact , are not journalists and do little if any reporting .
But most bloggers do n’t claim to be journalists .
They ’re bloggers .
The incivility charge is true too .
Many bloggers use bad language , but so occasionally does the New Yorker , and no one accuses it of lacking manners .
“ I ’m familiar with the critique , ” Marshall said .
“ I do n’t feel it has a great deal to do with us , what we are doing .
There ’s a ton of stuff out there , and a lot of it is screechy and angry and undisciplined .
I do n’t have a problem with it , but it ’s not stuff I ’m particularly interested in reading .
Advertisement
“ It ’s totally in the tradition of political pamphleteering .
...
Individually , I think some of it is n’t necessarily that pretty , but I think the whole thing altogether is a great thing . ”
Neither side in the blog - MSM debate seems to have great appreciation for what the other brings to the party .
Simply put , while mainstream media does the heavy lifting of careful , day - to - day and occasional in - depth reporting , bloggers have revivified political commentary , mainly through their exuberance .
IF the traditional media see their roles as delivering lectures on the news of the day , blogs are more of a backyard conversation , friendlier , more convivial .
Bloggers publish in variable lengths at uncertain and unscheduled times .
Blogs tend to be informal , cheap to produce , free to consume , fast , heavily referential , self - referential and vain because of it ; profane , accident - prone yet self - correcting .
To say that traditional media were slow to appreciate the power of this form is to belabor the obvious .
Even bloggers were slow to appreciate the import of what they were doing .
The phenomenon appeared in its embryonic form in the mid-1990s .
The term “ blog , ” a mash - up of “ Web log , ” was coined in 1997 .
By 1999 , blogging software was widely available , and free , and the first political blogs appeared .
Advertisement
By that time , Marshall , a 38 - year - old who has a PhD from Brown University in American colonial history , had become a freelance journalist , selling pieces mainly to small opinion journals .
He wrote his first blog post in November 2000 , commenting on the role of GOP lawyer Theodore Olson in Florida ’s Bush - Gore recount .
“ It just seemed natural .
I liked the informality of the writing .
The freedom of it appealed to me , ” Marshall said .
“ It just looked like fun .
I saw it as a loss leader for my journalism . ”
Once he started , however , he never stopped .
He continued to freelance , but gradually moved more and more of his attention to the blog , living in near poverty as a result .
When he needed money to do something for the blog , he asked his readers for it .
Remarkably , they gave it to him .
His economic turning point came in 2003 when he received a phone call from a man named Henry Copeland , who had an idea for selling advertising on blogs .
Copeland saw a way to aggregate blogs and broker advertising to them .
Essentially , he created a remote back office and a revenue stream for the mainly sole proprietors who blogged .
Advertisement
“ He had the concept of Blogads , which turned out to be the funding mechanism for what I was doing .
Within six months it was supporting me , ” Marshall said .
It was n’t until Copeland came along that anyone seriously contemplated making a career as a blogger .
Since then , advertising has grown to such an extent that dozens of blogs are now profitable enterprises .
They are also major sources of information for thousands of readers .
Copeland said the relatively small world of left - of - center political blogs now receives an estimated 160 million page views a month , in the same ballpark as some major newspapers and far more than any opinion magazine .
This professionalization of the blogosphere has been abetted by mainstream media ’s increasing practice of hiring independent bloggers or deploying staffers to blog duty .
No one in the blogosphere seems particularly worried about the competition .
Advertisement
Copeland , for one , doubts that the MSM will be able to stem the blogging tide , or even swim very far in it .
“ We ’re big believers that the Internet ’s rule is ‘ the outside is the new inside . ’
That means that bloggers , with low overheads and nimble structures , can outmaneuver everyone else ....
“ A newspaper is a boat , a highly evolved mechanism designed and built to float in water .
Blogs are bikes , built to cruise in another environment .
Now , you can pull a bunch of planking off a boat and add wheels and pedals , but that wo n’t make it as light and maneuverable as a bike . ”
terry.mcdermott@latimes.com
Word is that former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani is now the front runner for the Republican presidential nomination in 2008 .
This far out from the actual nomination the polls do n’t mean much , and I am reasonably certain that Rudy ’s candidacy will self - destruct long before the Republican National Convention .
There are reasons the people who know him best — New Yorkers — prefer their polarizing Senator , Hillary Clinton , over Rudy Giuliani .
There are also reasons why the thought of a President Giuliani scares the daylights out of me .
Here are a few things America really needs to know about Rudy Giuliani :
Had Rudy Giuliani been mayor of New Orleans when Hurricane Katrina hit , no one would be talking about what a great leader Giuliani is today .
I was in lower Manhattan on 9/11 , and as I was working in Manhattan I spent most of my time there in the days and weeks after .
So you can take my word on this : Rudy ’s post - 9/11 “ leadership ” amounted almost entirely of the mayor appearing on television .
He did a fine job of appearing on television , and he managed to set the right tone and say the right things — abilities Hizzoner did not always draw upon in the past .
I give him credit for his performance .
But that performance did not constitute “ leadership . ”
It was all public relations .
It was all about Rudy .
Jimmy Breslin wrote ,
He was a nobody as a mayor and in one day he became a hero .
This sudden career , this door opening to a room of gold , all started for Rudolph Giuliani when his indestructible bunker in World Trade Center building blew up .
He had personally selected it , high in the sky , and with tons of diesel fuel to give emergency power .
And Giuliani walks on .
He walks from his bunker , up Barclay Street and went on television .
Went on and announced his heroism and then came back every hour or so until he became a star , a great figure , a national hero , the mayor who saved New York .
Most of this comes from these dazed Pekingese of the Press . … Giuliani was a hero with these news people .
He did not pick up a piece of steel or help carry one of the injured off .
[ Jimmy Breslin , “ He Molests the Dead , ” New York Newsday , March 7 , 2004 ]
The fact is that Giuliani did little to “ lead ” rescue or recovery efforts .
While Rudy was prancing around on television , a hodge - podge of city agencies loosely — very loosely — coordinated by the Office of Emergency Management went to work deconstructing the remains of the World Trade Center with little input or direction from the Mayor .
Consider also that the World Trade Center was yards away from Wall Street and the New York Stock Exchange .
Unlike Mayor Nagin of New Orleans , Mayor Giuliani did not have to beg for help getting the debris cleared and electricity hooked up so that the financial district was up and running again as quickly as possible .
New York ’s business leadership saw to that .
This pro-Giuliani TCS article comparing New York and New Orleans is nothing short of absurd .
Conditions in New York after 9/11 and New Orleans after Katrina cannot be compared , because these are entirely different cities and entirely different disasters .
There were not , alas , thousands of New Yorkers waiting to be rescued after 9/11 , for example .
As terrible as it was , the tragedy of 9/11 did not exhaust New York ’s resources to deal with it .
New York is a rich city , and most of it was untouched .
On that day the survivors of the tragedy simply walked away from it ; I remember seeing them , covered in white dust and walking silently as ghosts up 8th Avenue .
They had only a few blocks to walk before the air was clear and the infrastructure ( and civilization ) was intact , and all the food and medical assistance and other help they could possibly want was theirs for the asking .
For those who could n’t walk , New York ’s several state - of - the - art hospitals took it upon themselves to besiege lower Manhattan with ambulances and paramedics and world - class triage units to care for the injured .
These medical professionals lingered most of the day with little to do .
Those survivors who did need first aid got it very promptly .
In New York , residents who were unable to return to their apartments for the most part had the means to find other shelter on their own without waiting for FEMA to assign them a trailer .
They did not have to resort to looting abandoned grocery stores for food or wait for days in unsanitary shelters for buses to take them elsewhere .
To be fair , the mayor did threaten to arrest anyone caught south of 14th Street without permission .
That threat , and the solid wall of armed law enforcement officers and New York National Guard who populated 14th Street intersections for several days , no doubt discouraged looting .
Manhattan ’s geography — the damage was on the tip of an island — made securing the area easier .
More important , large numbers of increasingly desperate people were not trapped inside the secured area with no help and no way out .
So exactly what did Mayor Giuliani do to exhibit “ leadership ” ?
The fact is that post - Katrina New Orleans was a much bigger mess than post - 9/11 New York , and Rudy Giuliani did nothing after 9/11 that would indicate his “ leadership ” would have made much difference in New Orleans .
As Michael Atkinson wrote in the Village Voice last year , “ After 9 - 11 , a sick , scandalized lame - duck mayor became a national hero for simply keeping his composure on TV . ”
Which takes us to the next item :
Rudy Giuliani ’s shoddy “ leadership ” made the 9/11 tragedy worse .
You might recall that several New York firefighters died when the towers collapsed .
Giuliani testified to the 9/11 Commission that firefighters had been given an evacuation order , but they chose to stay because they were rescuing civilians .
This testimony was not exactly , um , true .
For all the power of his voice and stature , however , Mr. Giuliani ’s account must compete with a substantial and diverse body of evidence that flatly contradicts much of what he and his aides say happened that day , particularly on matters that could be seen as reflecting on the performance of his administration .
On perhaps the most painful of these , the loss of at least 121 firefighters in the north tower , Mr. Giuliani suggested that they stayed inside the trade center because they were busy rescuing civilians — never mentioning that they could not hear warnings from police helicopters , that many of them never learned the south tower had collapsed or that they were having serious problems staying in touch with their own commanders .
Witnesses who escaped from the tower tell a vastly different story than Mr. Giuliani .
They say that in the north tower ’s final 15 minutes , only a handful of civilian office workers were still in the bottom 44 floors of the building , perhaps no more than two or three dozen .
Many of the firefighters who remained in the towers were between the 19th and 37th floors , having made slow progress up the stairs in their heavy gear .
It is clear , witnesses said , that even after the south tower collapsed , many , if not most , of the firefighters had no idea that they were in dire peril , or that it was time for them to leave .
In contrast , police officers received strong guidance from their commanders to get out of the building , the commission reported , thanks in large part to the information sent to the ground by police helicopters .
The police could not talk to the firefighters , however , because the two NY departments used different types of radios set on different frequencies .
Giuliani offered the 9/11 commission a lame excuse about the limits of technology , which is absurd on its face .
In fact , there had been many complaints about the radios before 9/11 , and the Mayor had done nothing .
Wayne Barrett and Dan Collins wrote in The Village Voice ( ” Rudy ’s Grand Illusion , ” August 29 , 1006 ) :
Everyone agrees that a critical problem that day was that the police and fire departments could not communicate ; that ’s one of the reasons the lack of inter- operable radios became such a focus of fury .
If the top brass of the two departments were at each other ’s sides , they could have told each other whatever they learned from their separate radio systems .
Many of the command and control issues that might have saved lives could clearly have been better dealt with had Giuliani stopped , taken a deep breath , and pushed Kerik and Ganci to fully and effectively join forces .
Insisting that Kerik , McCarthy , Esposito , or Dunne stay at the incident post would have established a joint operation .
Wayne Barrett ( author of Grand Illusion : The Untold Story of Rudy Giuliani and 9/11 and Kevin Keating ( director of the documentary “ Giuliani Time ” were interviewed by Amy Goodman recently ; see the transcript here .
Wayne Barrett said ,
The firefighters were using the same radios that they used at the ’ 93 bombing , even though we found a report that was written in 1990 that said that they were already obsolete and that they were a danger to the life of firefighters .
And the firefighters are still carrying those same radios eight years after the 1993 bombing .
Kevin Keating made another point :
Here , our own local channel in New York , New York 1 , had the head of the police union , the head of the firefighters union .
Both of them were condemning Giuliani .
They do n’t have to negotiate any more contracts with him .
This is not union leaders blustering about a contract .
They had to be embodying and representing the vast majority of their membership .
They pointed to our book and said our book told the truth about how Giuliani responded .
And they denounced him , not just for the lead - up to 9/11 , but for what you raise , which is , we have two chapters in the book that point out Giuliani ’s terrible responsibility for — look , in the immediate aftermath of 9/11 you can understand the chaos .
You can understand why firefighters and police officers are out there without respirators .
They ’re still trying to do rescues .
But once it was clear that nobody could be rescued , why there were thousands of construction workers , as well as these first responders , working there without respirators and with no plan to get them respirators , and why they were exposed to these toxins and why we now have thousands of them who have respiratory and even cancer signs right now , severe respiratory difficulties , why that was allowed —
You know , Giuliani , we quote the head of — his own commissioner from the Department of Design and Construction , who ran the ground zero cleanup .
He said he dealt with Giuliani every day , that Giuliani only asked him one question : how much debris did you remove yesterday ?
Are we on schedule ?
Are we ahead of schedule ?
All he cared about , even though the fires were still burning and spewing toxins in the air , all he cared about was the public relations .
I mean , obviously , it ’s five years later .
Nothing ’s been built there .
What was the rush ?
The public relations question of making it look like they were efficiently cleaning up the site .
And the consequences have been dire .
In fact , many of the 9/11 families were so outraged at the gentle treatment Giuliani received at the hands of the 9/11 Commission that hundreds of them refused to go to the final hearings as scheduled .
Today , some are threatening to campaign hard against Giuliani ’s presidential bid .
Before 9/11 : The Real Rudy ?
Bob Herbert should be persuaded to publish a collection of his many New York Times columns about Rudy Giuliani .
There ’s a wealth of juicy bits in them that people really ought to know before they consider making him President .
For example , if you want to know what America would look like under President Giuliani , this Bob Herbert column from March 2000 provides a clue :
The police intercepted the two teenaged boys who were running up Broadway , near 138th Street , and opened fire .
This was on the night of Feb. 13 , 1997 .
Robert Reynoso , 18 , collapsed to the ground with a bullet in his chest .
Juval Green , 17 , fell with a leg wound .
The police would later say they thought the boys had a gun .
There was no gun .
And the boys , who survived the shooting , had not been involved in a crime .
Nevertheless , the police arrested them .
The charge — incredibly — was criminal possession of a firearm .
This is not a joke .
The Police Department tried to keep the shooting under wraps but I got a tip and wrote about it .
When I visited Mr. Reynoso at St. Luke ’s - Roosevelt Hospital Center , he was handcuffed to his bed .
Breathing and swallowing were so difficult for him , and he was in so much pain , that he would at times whisper to relatives , ‘’ I just want to die . '’
This shooting typified the over - the - top , overly aggressive behavior that has become the hallmark of policing under Rudolph Giuliani .
The cops were responding to a report of shots fired at Broadway and 135th Street , three blocks away .
Not only were Mr. Reynoso and Mr. Green shot , but four other innocent people were arrested .
The police were shooting and rounding up people without the slightest clue as to what was happening .
Afterward , the department tried to conceal the extent of the madness .
Top officials would not even confirm the four additional arrests until I let them know I had obtained a copy of a confidential memo from a police captain , Robert T. Varieur , to the chief of the department , Louis Anemone .
The memo said : ‘’ During the confrontation in front of 3395 Broadway , four ( 4 ) individuals who were initially thought to be involved in the incident at West 135th Street were taken into custody .
Upon investigation it was determined that there was no evidence to link them to that incident and these arrests were subsequently voided .
All four ( 4 ) individuals were visiting from Baltimore , Maryland . '’
Rudy ’s just the guy you want at the head of the nation ’s law enforcement , intelligence and security agencies , huh ?
Just wait ; it gets better .
Here ’s another Bob Herbert column , from February 25 , 1999 :
It may be that Rudolph Giuliani never has a reflective moment .
He just likes to push people around .
He ’s pretty indiscriminate about it .
One day it ’s an indisputably worthy target , like violent criminals , the next day it ’s jaywalkers .
One moment it ’s the organized thugs at the Fulton Fish Market , the next it ’s cab drivers and food vendors .
Mark Green , Carl McCall , New York magazine — they ’ve all been targets .
Mr. Giuliani shut down an entire neighborhood in Harlem and buzzed its residents with police helicopters because he did n’t like Khallid Muhammad .
Solid citizens trying to exercise their right to protest peacefully have been fought at every conceivable turn .
Many gave up , their protests succumbing to fear or exhaustion .
Civil rights ?
Civil liberties ?
Forget about it .
When the Mayor gets it in his head to give somebody a hard time — frequently through his enforcers in the Police Department — the niceties of the First Amendment and other constitutional protections get very short shrift .
The latest targets are people suspected of driving drunk .
The cops have been given the power to seize their vehicles on the spot .
Why not ?
Why wait for a more sober mind — say , a judge — to assess the merits of the case ?
Why even bother with an annoyance like due process ?
Hizzoner — who would like to be known as His Majesty — makes the rules .
And he says even if the drivers are acquitted they may not get their cars back .
Listen to him : ‘’ Let ’s say somebody is acquitted , and it ’s one of those acquittals in which the person was guilty but there is just not quite enough evidence beyond a reasonable doubt .
That might be a situation in which the car would still be forfeited . '’
Bring on the royal robes and the crown .
And get rid of those pesky legislators and judges .
Rudy Giuliani is a man with many facades .
The Rudy who spoke to TV cameras after 9/11 was n’t a complete stranger , but over the years New Yorkers had seen a whole lot less of that Rudy than of the Rudy who usually hosted his weekly call - in radio show , “ Live from City Hall . ”
Amy Goodnough described the mayor ’s on - air persona for the New York Times ( August 1 , 1999 ) :
When Tony from the Bronx called to question the Mayor ’s handling of the Amadou Diallo shooting , Mr. Giuliani told him , ‘’ Either you do n’t read the newspapers carefully enough or you ’re so prejudiced and biased that you block out the truth . '’
When Bill in Manhattan asked why it was illegal to hang a flag from city property , Mr. Giuliani shot back , ‘’ Is n’t there something more important that you want to ask me ? '’
And when David in Oceanside called last month to complain about the ban on pet ferrets , the Mayor of New York City leaned into the microphone on his desk and intoned , ‘’ There is something deranged about you . '’
A three - minute diatribe against the ferret advocate ensued , with Mr. Giuliani saying things like , ‘’ You should go consult a psychologist or a psychiatrist with this excessive concern — how you are devoting your life to weasels . '’
Not exactly the transcendent figure the nation thought it saw after 9/11 .
Two of his most startling tirades recently came in response to calls from David Guthartz , the ferret advocate — whom Mr. Giuliani said has made repeated phone calls to his aides — and Margarita Rosario , whose son Anthony , an 18 - year - old robbery suspect , was shot dead by two police detectives in 1995 .
Mrs. Rosario called last month , identifying herself only as Margarita from the Bronx , and said that she wanted to discuss Con Edison .
But instead she started protesting the shooting , and Mr. Giuliani barely let her speak .
‘’ Maybe you should ask yourself some questions about the way he was brought up and the things that happened to him , '’ the Mayor told Mrs. Rosario , whose nephew , also a suspect , died in the shooting .
‘’ Trying to displace the responsibility for the criminal acts of your son onto these police officers is really unfair . '’
Yep , that ’s our Rudy .
If you want a a textbook case of how a public official should not handle a crisis , study Giuliani after the Amidou Diallo shooting .
Diallo , a black immigrant from Guinea , was cornered in the vestibule of his Bronx apartment building by four New York City plain clothes cops .
The cops fired 41 shots at Diallo , killing him .
Diallo was unarmed and not the suspect in any crime ; he was just trying to go home .
After the shooting , America ’s Mayor failed to soothe the city ’s frayed nerves .
In fact , his every public utterance made public anger grow .
At first he asked the public not to jump to conclusions about what happened , which was reasonable , but over the next several days the man who sounded just the right notes after 9/11 was out of tune with the city .
The Mayor seemed more defensive than conciliatory .
He recited statistics comparing fatal police shootings in New York with those in other cities , as if to claim the NYPD did n’t shoot as many people as other cops do , so what ’s the problem ?
Most inexcusable after such a racially charged incident , for weeks Giuliani failed to reach out to the city ’s African Americans .
Dan Barry wrote for the New York Times ( February 11 , 1999 ) :
That was the clear message at a news conference convened yesterday by C. Virginia Fields , the Manhattan Borough President , and attended by , among others , former Mayor Edward I. Koch , who had troubles of his own with many black political and civic leaders .
But rather than score the Mayor , most of the speakers pleaded with him to open the lines of communication .
Being Mayor ‘’ requires a willingness to hear , '’ Mr. Koch said .
‘’ So we ’re saying to the Mayor : ‘ Listen . ’ ‘’ Ms. Fields agreed .
‘’ I certainly am not blaming Mayor Giuliani or Commissioner Safir for the tragedy that took place , '’ she said , referring to Police Commissioner Howard Safir .
Nevertheless , she said that the city ‘’ must change the tone and move in a different direction . '’
Mr. Giuliani responded last night by impeaching the event ’s credibility , noting that Mr. Koch is a persistent critic and saying that Ms. Fields failed to acknowledge the Police Department ’s accomplishments , including reduced crime in black neighborhoods .
Six weeks later , the Mayor finally made a gesture toward his critics .
Dan Barry wrote March 28 , 1999 :
Time and again , the Giuliani administration has demonstrated the ability to make the routine seem unusual and the bizarre seem mundane .
How else could a meeting between the Mayor and the city ’s highest - elected black official take on the significance of a Botha - Mandela sitdown ?
How else could a mayor have refused to meet that leader for more than a year ?
Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani ’s session last week with C. Virginia Fields , the Manhattan Borough President , was viewed as so extraordinary that the City Council Speaker , Peter F. Vallone , who arranged the meeting , somehow emerged as the great healer of City Hall .
Then came word that the Mayor had agreed to meet with State Comptroller H. Carl McCall , another black leader he had rebuffed for years , and would soon be inviting other people of color to Gracie Mansion for face - to - face chats .
Nearly seven weeks after the Amadou Diallo shooting began roiling race relations in the city , the administration decided that the time had come to , as one aide put it , ‘’ build bridges ' ’ and let the ‘ ’ healing process ' ’ continue .
And so Mr. Giuliani was poised to be congratulated for meeting elected city and state officials — activities that used to be normal conduct for any mayor , an expected duty of the office .
I ’ll let you draw your own conclusions from these examples , but I assure you that they are not atypical examples .
Here ’s another example , provided by Jimmy Breslin in New York Newsday :
As the mayor , he had a detective driving one of his girl friends out of the Gracie Mansion driveway while another detective was arriving with another girl friend and was waved off to prevent a domestic riot .
All the while upstairs there were his wife .
and children .
Giuliani then showed appropriate behavior by walking in a parade on Fifth Avenue with his girl friend and all the while his children could sit and watch him on television .
If Giuliani is the nominee , I swear to you I will hunt down every rightie who wanted Bill Clinton impeached because of Monica and shove this column in his / her / its face .
I ca n’t diagnose Rudy Giuliani , but there ’s no question he is seriously miswired .
He is autocratic , intolerant of criticism , and as mayor used the NYPD as his private praetorian guard .
In fact , he combines many of the worst qualities of Richard Nixon and George W. Bush .
And he ’s a lot smarter than Bush , which makes him more dangerous .
Just thought you ought to know .
Word has it that the much anticipated Iranian invasion is planned for March 1 .
That generally means that it will happen a little sooner , but we 'll see .
The only thing that I see changing this is if Iran caves in to Boosh , but in my view chances of that are slim and it might not matter anyway .
We 've talked about this potentially happening for some time and there is no need to rehash old material , so this will be short .
There are other posts on this topic on this site , so feel free to look through the archives .
As we are all well aware , one of the less talked about reasons for the Iraqi invasion was their threat of selling Iraqi oil using a currency different than the US dollar .
Heaven forbid that a sovereign country be allowed to choose what currency they wish to deal in , but we all know that he who carries the biggest stick influences such matters .
In the last day or two , Iran has announced that they will be switching to Euros in handling all transactions within their country .
On the surface , it would appear that they are making this choice to once again taunt the US and Boosh in order to further humiliate us , and him .
This seems to be a popular sport among certain world leaders these days .
But , as usual with this corrupt administration , it is not what it seems .
In what could be described as an end run around the United Nations sanctioning body , Booshco has essentially forced the Iranians hand in this matter .
They have done so by quietly threatening negative “ consequences ” to any country that uses our phony US dollars to purchase Iranian goods , thus in theory cutting Iran off from all US dollars .
So , what is Iran to do ?
Stop selling oil ?
Agree to be sanctioned at the sole discretion of George W. Boosh ?
Hardly .
They did the only practical thing and decided that if dollars were not going to be coming their way , they must accept something for their goods .
Euros just seem to be as good a choice as any .
This is just one more example of total incompetence on the part of this administration .
I often think that sooner or later they have to do something right , but they continue to disappoint .
You see , Iran would likely have soon made the switch to Euros or some other form of currency in the very near future without our intervention .
They would have done so for the very reasons that Boosh would like you to believe that they are doing so now , solely to humiliate and spit in the face of the evil empire and its moronic leader .
But , were Boosh to allow that to occur naturally , it would not look like he is the Decider .
So , he has chosen this “ back door ” course .
Forgive me ; I do n’t have my DSM IV handy .
( For those unfamiliar with the DSM , it is the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders )
But , when one forces something to happen that is soon to happen anyway , making said person look foolish in the long run for advancing the pace of an action that is already inevitable , and does it for the sole purpose of proving that one is a powerful person , I ’m not exactly sure what the diagnosis is .
I do know that it is in the book somewhere , but for now we ’ll just use “ idiot ” as a reference point .
So , again using Cyclone plain English , the idiot forced the Iranians to switch to Euros so that he can blame them for doing so even though they soon would have switched on their own anyway .
Now that we have that sufficiently covered , we can move on .
When Boosh speaks to the nation after the first of the year , he is going to say that he is sending 10 - 30,000 additional troops to Iraq , specifically the Baghdad area .
Exactly where they will come from is anybody ’s guess , but if I were in my late 40’s or early 50’s and in the Military Reserves , I might grab a copy of the DSM IV and start feigning signs of some mental illness found therein .
Otherwise , I ’m afraid I might find myself in the Iraqi Desert sometime soon .
Yes , we are that desperate for troops .
Will the American people stand for sending more troops into Iraq so soon after an election where they stated loudly and clearly that they wanted our boys to come home ?
Well , sad to say , it does n’t really matter .
Because the new Democratic Saviors are already on record saying that they will support a military buildup in Iraq “ as long as it ’s very short term , like 90 - 120 days . ”
At least that is what Harry Reid and others soon to be in leadership have stated .
Hmmmm , lets see , it ’s almost Christmas now .
Add 90 - 120 days from now to that and March 1 falls toward the outward edge of that time frame .
Making a connection yet ?
We ’ve talked extensively about the massive naval buildup in the Gulf region , so we wo n’t go much into that again .
Just suffice it to say that they are either there already or soon will be .
So , add about 30 - 60 days to get some new troops into Iraq which happens to be right next door to Iran , ( pure coincidence I ’m sure ) and you have some folks to keep an eye on things .
They certainly are n’t really needed in Iraq ; the Generals on the ground have already said so .
We all , except Boosh and Cheney also realize that Iraq is a lost cause , but that ’s a different matter .
So , if the Iraqi ’s do n’t want them , and the American Generals do n’t want them , could there possibly be another reason for getting them in the region ?
Again , Hmmmm .
We will not invade Iran on the ground , beyond using some special ops that are already in place .
Oh , we might run a few more folks in there should things go badly , but otherwise , we do n’t have the manpower to do so .
For a superpower , we sure seem to have some problems with our military .
Not too many years ago , say in the 80’s , the theory was that we had the people , weapons , and money to fight 2 ½ wars at the same time .
That was always the benchmark , we felt safe as long as we could handle that .
Unfortunately , we have proven that we are unable to handle an insurgency in one country of 25 million people , even with all of our soldiers going in and out like they are circling a drive - thru .
We are also penniless , so that benchmark is nowhere near being met these days .
And , barring a draft , it wo n’t ever be met again .
So , what do we do ?
We are going to bomb Iran to hell and back , or at least we think we are .
My guess is that we will break out the new toys we ’ve been dying to use , like the deep bunker buster bombs that will be necessary to even sniff the underground nuclear facilities that the Iranian ’s have , or we think they have .
A whole lot of military experts doubt that we know where the majority of these facilities even are .
A lot of those bunker busters contain nuclear warheads .
Surely , we would n’t do that , would we ?
I do n’t know .
We have nuclear submarines in the area , as well as other warships with nuclear capabilities on the scene .
Why are they there if not to be used ?
We also have ships from half the countries in the world amassed in the region .
Are they all there just for fun and games ?
Has Boosh finally amassed a coalition ?
I will ask the same questions that I asked several months ago when I first said that we were going to attack Iran .
It is becoming more apparent each and every day that we are the most dangerous country in the world , and we are led by the most dangerous pair of miscreants in the history of this country , maybe in the history of the world .
Do we think that other countries in the world are n’t aware of this ?
Do we think that others are n’t aware that we are on our last legs , militarily , financially and morally ?
Do we not realize that we , because of the actions of our leaders , are the most hated group of people on this planet ?
Do we not realize that Iran , unlike Iraq , will fight back and fight back hard with weapons we have never faced before ?
And , most importantly , with who do the loyalties of all these other forces amassed in the Gulf Region really lie ?
We already know that we CAN ’T be trusted ; do we know that the others CAN ?
Listen to what people have said , look at the timeline , do the math and come to your own conclusions .
I have already come to mine , which follows .
George W. Boosh has lost his mind .
The Iraq Study Group ’s report finally snapped the rubber band that was long ago stretched to the max , the one connecting him to the last tiny speck of reality that existed somewhere deep in the recesses of his head .
He is on an island , everybody is against him , Daddy joined with the pervert Clinton and turned on him , Cheney ca n’t be trusted , Rove is AWOL , all his other close advisors have jumped ship , he ’s surrounded by traitorous folks from Daddy ’s administration , his right wing religious zealot base has abandoned him , the liberal commies have taken over the entire Congress , “ hey , can a guy get a drink around here ? ”
Condi , Laura and the dog Barney are about all that ’s left and Barney ’s been acting a little strange lately , forget the legacy ; let ’s go out with a bang , whadda ya say ?
God help us all , Cyclone
« Screaming users considered good | Main | Ease - of - use should not mean neuter - the - software »
Why they do n't upgrade ( and what to do about it )
Why is it that -- after we bust our ass to produce a shiny new version of our product -- users are so slow to upgrade ?
WE know it 's better .
WE know it 'll help them kick ass in new ways .
WE know that if they stick with their current version , they 'll never truly become passionate ... because they 'll never touch that high level of expertise where things get really really interesting .
But there our users sit , apparently content to hang out in the " competent " zone , happy they no longer suck , but unmotivated to push forward .
That 's a problem .
And I 'm not talking about the financial side .
Even if we make no money off our upgrades , we still want our users learning and growing and improving and reaching for new challenges and doing more complex , cool things .
( Assuming you ultimately want passionate users , which if you 're reading this blog ... )
So why are users dragging their feet ?
Why are n't they desperate to get the latest and greatest spanky new release ?
Conventional wisdom says it 's because of the expense , or that users fear change , or that users are simply too lazy .
But there 's a simpler explanation :
People do n't upgrade because they do n't want to move back into the " Suck Zone . "
They worked too damn hard to reach a level of competence and the thought of sinking back down -- however briefly - - into that awful state they clawed their way out of -- is too unpleasant .
We 've trained users to fear upgrades .
Raise your hand if you 've ever installed an upgrade only to find yourself back in that confused I - have - no - frickin ' - clue - where - they - put - that - dialog - box state ?
Raise your hand if you felt the upgrade just was n't worth it , even though you knew that the way you did things in the current version was pretty much an inefficient hack .
Raise your hand if you felt intimidated and maybe even a bit humiliated that after upgrading you could no longer do some of the simplest things .
It 's not usually the upgrade that sucks .
It 's that the upgrade makes the users suck .
Or at least makes them feel that it 's their fault for not instantly getting it .
Bottom line : nobody likes doing things they suck at .
If there 's a way to avoid it , we will .
Back in the late 90's , I attended a Macromedia conference , and one of the sessions was a panel of web pioneers discussing what were then the earliest days of web development , especially the whole browser incompatability problem ( that we of course thought would be LONG gone by now ... lol ) .
The panel host asked one simple question of each of the panelists , " So , which browser do you have on your machine right now ? "
The response was shocking .
Almost every panelist -- and keep in mind that these were hard - core web developers / entrepreneurs -- gave the same response , " Whatever was installed on my machine at the time I got it . "
One of those panelists was none other than Jerry Yang , co-founder of Yahoo !
We were stunned .
If even Jerry Yang does n't bother with upgrades ...
( Many of us later confessed that we would have answered the same way . )
How to inspire users to upgrade
Do n't give in to featuritis
Make the upgrade worth it .
More importantly ...
Make sure the users KNOW it 's worth it .
Provide a compelling benefit , and do your best job of painting that compelling picture for the users .
Go over the top with documentation
Geez ...
I hate it when I get an upgrade and it comes with a whopping 1 - page ReadMe .
Make sure users know you 're going to hold their hand and walk them through the new things in the friendliest , most accessible , most encouraging way .
Try not to break things that were previously important to them
Yeah , another " duh " thing , but so often ignored .
Users should feel like the new upgrade simply adds capability , performance , etc. without sending them back to the " suck zone . "
In other words , they should feel like the upgrade is an extension not a radical modification .
This is n't always possible for forward progress , of course , and you do n't want to be locked in to your former design mistakes , etc . but at least think about ways to help a user transition gracefully from one version to another .
Do n't tell me what cool things YOU did to the new version , tell me what cool things I can do with the new version .
Never , ever forget that it 's all about me .
For most products , and most users , they do n't give a duck about your new specs .
They care about what it means to them .
Connect the dots for them in the most vivid , compelling , motivating way .
The pain of an upgrade begins with download and installation
Even if the new version itself is natural and easy to get used to , if the install and set - up is a pain in the ass , they 'll remember that the next time ( and tell their friends not to bother unless it 's REALLY REALLY worth it ) .
Do n't make me pay for YOUR bug fixes
The more users perceive your upgrade as simply correcting things you should have had working in the first place ( bugs , performance problems , etc. ) , the more likely they are to start taking hostages if you expect them to pay for the privilege of having what they thought they were paying for with the previous rev .
It 's OK to make a performance / bug - fix release , but do n't charge for it unless you 've done something earth - shattering to the technology which gives you a huge increase in performance ( as opposed to correcting poor performance ) .
Seed the community early
Get beta versions to your key community of users so that they can start evangelizing why the new version is worth it .
( Of course , this assumes that the new version IS worth it . )
Set the tone for future upgrades
If you lie about the upgrade -- either by downplaying the learning curve or overselling the benefits , you 're screwed .
Users will remember the pain of THIS upgrade when it comes time for the NEXT one .
The better the first upgrade experience is for them , the more likely they 'll be to ever do it again .
Try making more frequent , smaller / incremental upgrades
While this does't work for most non -software products , continuously " refreshing " and modifying the product in tiny ways adds up to big changes down the road without those huge jump - off - the - cliff slides back to the " suck zone " .
The ultra - fast release cycles of many of the Web 2.0 companies is an example ( and of course ANY web app has a potential advantage here since the user does n't need to choose to upgrade ) .
Entice , bribe , or potentially force them to upgrade
This is extremely dangerous , but if you are absolutely certain that your upgrade will be universally loved by users -- and that the upgrade will be relatively bloodless -- you could potentially hold them hostage , like the way Apple did recently with the new iTunes .
If you want to download the new shows at the new hi-resolution , you have no choice but to upgrade / install the new version of iTunes .
Again , very few of us will ever have Apple loyalty , but there are scenarios where you might just have to say , " Sorry , but there is no way we can -- in good conscience -- let you continue without this upgrade . "
This approach will likely backfire spectacularly if the upgrade is not free .
Start the buzz early ( practice T - Shirt - First Development )
By the time Apple releases a new version of Mac OSX , the Faithful are so excited that they line up by the thousands outside Apple stores at midnight , braving the cold , just to get the new OS a full 24 hours ahead of their friends .
How do I know ?
I 've done it , twice .
Once when it was snowing .
New releases can be a source of great enthusiasm and energy .
Exploit that .
In the right situations , upgrades are like crack .
( In a good way )
Remember , reducing guilt is the killer app .
Nobody wants to go back to the " suck zone " , so it 's your job to make sure that :
A ) The new upgrade must not send them back to the Suck Zone
and
B ) You must convince users that they wo n't land back in the Suck Zone
In the ideal world , the curve looks like this :
Posted by Kathy on September 22 , 2006 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d834614b5869e2
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference
Why they do n't upgrade ( and what to do about it ) :
» =?utf-8?B?ZGVsLmljaW8udXMvcG9wdWxhcg==?= from The .RSS .
Reporter
高木浩光＠自宅の日記 - 会社のポリ ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 23 , 2006 3:15:09 AM
» Managing product upgrades from Innovation Zen
Product upgrades represent a delicate matter .
If not handled properly they might mess your product portfolio , hassle your customers and damage your companys image .
... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 23 , 2006 1:15:45 PM
» Branded Utility , Web Analytics Intro ,
In the Year 2020 , Hallelujah : A Spy Magazine Book from That Girl From Marketing
Normally I would have filed this under Too Cool , but it deserves top billing .
Much like today , in Middle School and High School I spent 2 hrs a day on the train .
Had Blogs been around then , I ’m certain I would have been Blogging and / or Blog hopping ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 25 , 2006 6:24:21 PM
» Upgrade woes and woohoos !
from reinventnow
An awesome post over at Kathy Sierras blog about Why they dont upgrade ( and what to do about it )
It affirms my knowledge that no matter how damn good you make your next version of the product a lot of people are going ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 28 , 2006 10:53:31 AM
» re : Fourteen Reasons Why You Should Upgrade to BDS2006 from Nick Hodges
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 8 , 2006 2:34:54 PM
» Disabled from Filter & Splice
Kathy Sierra , on her blog Creating Passionate Users , also touches on ideas that would keep tech users from feeling disabled , specifically . . . [ Read More ]
Tracked on Oct 9 , 2006 10:02:49 AM
Comments
Absolutely right !
I know people who have refused to upgrade particular applications from their old DOS versions - because the pain of the first upgrade that they attempted was too great .
The first version of this particular application that was written for Windows was so unstable , and so difficult to use , that they uninstalled it and went back to their old version .
Another thing to think about - Do n't break the paradigm .
If your product is designed well and follows a consistent design philosophy the problem of ' I - have - no - frickin ' - clue - where - they - put - that - dialog - box ' should n't be too bad .
Afterall , either the user is going to know where to expect to find the dialog box , or once they find it it will seem obvious .
But nothing is going to send your users back to the suck zone quicker ( and deeper ) than changing ( or breaking ) that design philosophy .
No longer is learning how to use the new version a matter of reapplying the rules that the user already knows about the product - they really are back at square one .
And what 's even more frustrating is that the user knows that they can do the thing they want to do , but they now feel that they are being deliberately prevented from doing it .
Posted by : omni | Sep 22 , 2006 5:47:52 PM
I recently " upgraded " from Windows to the Mac and lemme tell you , it sucked .
It took me several days to unlearn most of my keyboard shortcuts and find new apps to replace my Windows - only stuff .
A really useful product would be a conversion tool that tells me what to buy .
" If you 're a web developer , you 'll need X editor HTML , Y css editor , Z photo editor etc . "
Another useful tool would be a script that detects common Windows keyboard shortcuts and pops up a nag screen saying " wrong platform , here 's the Apple equivalent . "
Posted by : Derek Scruggs | Sep 22 , 2006 6:42:33 PM
This is where Microsoft is at risk with Office 2007 :
They are so concerned about every user having a uniform experience , they are forgetting that users come in all shapes and sizes and levels of expertise .
But I do n't need the same experience in Excel as a middle school student gets in PowerPoint preparing an oral report ( or my mom does in IE reading the online newspapers ) .
When I open one of the Office 2007 apps , I am instantly dropped into the suck zone .
I know I will climb out eventually , but until now , Office has always followed what you call the kick - ass curve .
Each version kept the consistent interface , so there was no major decline when upgrading , just a few bumps while you figured out how to use the new stuff .
Posted by : Jon Peltier | Sep 22 , 2006 7:31:59 PM
So true .
In my experience , customers tend to look at upgrades as ( a ) a long list of bugfixes ( b ) stuff they should have had in the first place and ( c ) stuff they do n't necessarily want .
Why ... cause that 's how it comes across to them .
If people , i.e. product developers did the right thing in the first place , and presented it appropriates ( as so eloquently stated above ) , then much of the pushback would probably go away .
Posted by : Deepak | Sep 22 , 2006 7:55:05 PM
Totally agree with most of your points Kathy , and having just released a new version of our Ajax Grid tool I can relate to much of this advice first hand .
Some things we did right , others well ... maybe we knew better : )
One thing about bug fixes though is that it 's generally better to work on bug than new features .
I 'd rather have more stable software than another feature .
I think as software developers it 's easy to say " oh that works most of the time , I want to build feature X now ... " .
I do n't think you were implying to build work on features over bugs , but I just wanted to highlight the difference .
Great blog , keep up the good work !
Posted by : Andre Charland | Sep 22 , 2006 10:07:36 PM
Maybe it is first time that I comment here but I read and learn from you allot .
One thing about your atom feed .
Sometimes articles render OK in Thunderbird but sometimes , like thos one , I got bunch of div's and raw html .
Well , usually I remove feeds that are broken but your feed is still there because of quolity of your writing .
Posted by : Rentalio | Sep 23 , 2006 1:17:38 AM
Unless you 're selling to the midnight sidewalk dwellers , you have to make the upgrade a no - brainer decision .
The comfort zone represents an internal value assessment ; an upgrade threatens disruption and discomfort at extra expense .
Therefore , in order to even replicate the user 's comfort zone via an upgrade , it really does have to be a significant step improvement with no disadvantages .
That 's a difficult square to circle and taking on your idea of smaller more frequent upgrades , it might be better to sell a suite of staggered mini upgrades for the single purchase price .
This , in theory , should allow an ongoing experience of continual user experience improvement ( debugging as much as new features ) without the pain of befuddlement and this will engender the loyalty and passion that will make future upgrades even more popular .
@ Derek - moving from Windows to Apple is not an upgrade .
It 's a new product and so the difficult transition ( which I also experienced when I switched back some years ago ) is inevitable - the fact that it is in hindsight such an easy transition is remarkable .
Just try using a Windows machinefor the first time in six months !
Posted by : John Dodds | Sep 23 , 2006 2:58:54 AM
Great article ( again ) , Kathy .
I 'm looking forward to see how Microsoft will handle the coming IE 7 release , and I think they have already been working with some of the points you are making here ( for example : seeding community and forcing an upgrade ) .
The latter can potentially backfire , but from my perspective as a web developer , I 'm actually looking forward to getting less browser versions to support , etc .
By the way , nice to meet you at RailsConf in London !
Posted by : Jesper Rønn - Jensen ( justaddwater.dk ) | Sep 23 , 2006 6:08:01 AM
One of the great untold secrets of the software biz is that upgrades are often sold , but then never installed .
When I worked at one major computer maker , we did a quick field study to see how many users at a site had installed the new OS .
It was slick , it was shiny , it had new features you really - really - really needed .
But somewhat more than 30 % of the people who bought the shrink - wrapped version STILL had the shrink - wrap intact and unopened after one year .
Ouch .
We sold on features , but not on ease - of - upgrade .
Posted by : Dan Russell | Sep 23 , 2006 6:57:48 AM
This was exactly my experience with the new iTunes on my mac .
Try this : Exit from iTunes .
Install the new version .
With iTunes still off , insert a CD that you want to rip .
iTunes automatically starts as you would expect .
Then the rip icon is NOT displayed .
Hey , where is the rip icon ?
Check all dropdown menus .
There is no option to rip a CD !
Huh ?
YOU CAN'T RIP CDs IN THE NEW ITUNES !
THIS NEW ITUNES IS CRAP !!
START SCREAMING CURSE WORDS HERE !!!!
Ok , so there is a way to rip CDs in the new iTunes .
They took away the big rip circle icon on the top right .
There is now a small gray button on the lower right .
And if you start iTunes before you insert the CD there is a dialog box that asks if you want to rip the CD ( but that dialog box does n't appear if you insert the CD before starting iTunes . )
I know it is not a big deal , the new iTunes works fine .
But for those few seconds when I could n't figure out how to do the simplest thing , I was furious .
Posted by : Fake Name | Sep 23 , 2006 7:31:43 AM
Or do n't do what Microsoft does , lie , tell 'em it 's automatic security updates , when in reality its filling up your diskdrive with thier nasty DRM that will lock down all of your photos , movies , and tunes .
Posted by : Bill Purgle | Sep 23 , 2006 8:02:21 AM
This is a great article , Kathy .
Unfortunately , a lot of the problems you mention are really hard to avoid in situations where product management and other higher - ups are always demanding more features in less time .
That 's where a lot of bugs come in .
What you end up with is a piece of software that has a good number of new features , but is also loaded with bugs .
I think developers are constantly fighting the features vs. quality vs. time battle .
I 'm a developer myself and I personally would prefer to produce either a quality product with few features in a short time or a quality product with many features over a longer span of time .
Marketing and sales , on the other hand , wants a product with many features in a short time .
There 's no way you can have all three ( quality , features , and short time ) and so we end up abandoning quality in order to squeeze out features .
It 's not pretty , but it does sell .
I guess the sales people know what they 're doing , even if I would prefer to produce a better quality product .
Anyway , I love your " curves " ( especially the Featuritis one ! ) .
This is a great blog .
Posted by : Natasha Lloyd | Sep 23 , 2006 10:27:11 AM
Great article - I love the charts !
Bill is right and that is why I bought a Mac .
Its soooo intuitive to use .
I 'll never go back to anything Microsoft again .
Do they even have a usability dept there ?
Posted by : Chad Lapa | Sep 23 , 2006 12:10:06 PM
I 'd add ,
Make ease of learning as high a priority as ease of ( experienced ) use .
I might even replace " Go over the top with documentation " with that .
I 'm thinking about how computer games do this and good documentation is always trumped by a better in - game tutorial and a better , simpler , teaching , forgiving interface .
Bruce Tognazzini uses the example of Ashlar - Vellum ( the interface teaches you but does n't interfere ) versus AutoCad ( memorise a lot of things ) to describe this .
Both apps have a whole ton of features .
Ashlar - Vellum makes you feel like an expert a * lot* faster .
Posted by : Jason Yip | Sep 23 , 2006 7:44:16 PM
You are absolutely right on with this , Kathy .
It takes so darn much time to learn new technology that sometimes it 's not worth the bother to upgrade .
Time is money , right ?
I 'm forever feeling behind on technology because the upgrades come fast and furious - relentless , really .
I do n't want to spend my time in perpetual learner mode .
I have work to do .
Have you ever noticed how no one ever seems to use all of the features any particular piece of software offers ?
This is unfortunate , but once again , it boils down to time .
BTW , Intuit forces upgrades of its Quickbooks product on users via accountants .
When our accountant upgrades , we 're required to upgrade .
Do n't know if Intuit is aware of this , but it makes me nuts .
Posted by : Mary Warner | Sep 24 , 2006 10:51:18 AM
Most reasonably educated consumers are skeptical of upgrades these days .
They ’ve seen too many cases where the upgrade is either a pricey bug fix or something that includes features they just do n’t care about .
The upcoming release of Microsoft Office 2007 is a great example .
I think it ’s a fine looking product in beta , but I have a hard time seeing how it ’s going to change the life of the typical computer user .
Nevertheless , Microsoft will jam it down everyone ’s throats and in a few years just about everyone will be running it .
If you ask most people whether they need a new version of Office or if they ’re quite content with what they ’ve got , most will answer the latter .
The best way to overcome this is to make the change completely transparent to the user .
Web - based apps can pull this off , but good luck doing so with a tool like Office that lives on your computer .
Posted by : Joe Wikert | Sep 24 , 2006 4:41:33 PM
" Geez ...
I hate it when I get an upgrade and it comes with a whopping 1 - page ReadMe . "
I 'd like to start by stating that I loved the article .
In general .
But I do take exception with the quote above .
My main problem with upgrades is that companies tend to release too much at once and I think you hit that very well .
It 's paralyzing to an end user .
And , as a developer , it 's maddening to regressions test all of the potential impacts .
It 's outwardly hard on the end user because it was difficult for the designers and developers .
In practice I prefer the cocktail napkin approach .
Add what fits on a cocktail napkin .
If it does n't fit , do n't do it .
This obviously works for software , while it may not work for cameras , etc .
At that point a 1 page read me is probably overkill .
If I had to distill a mantra it'd be , " Keep me doing what I wanted to do in the first place . "
And I think you captured that beautifully .
Posted by : sam | Sep 25 , 2006 9:58:35 AM
This is why :
http://photomatt.net/2006/09/22/mac-woes/
nate
Posted by : Nate Kresse | Sep 25 , 2006 10:33:51 AM
Just discovered your blog and am enjoying it tremendously .
" So , which browser do you have on your machine right now ? "
The response was shocking .
Almost every panelist -- and keep in mind that these were hard - core web developers / entrepreneurs -- gave the same response , " Whatever was installed on my machine at the time I got it . "
That made me laugh out loud .
The sheer volume of technology products , from business tools to toys , is completely overwhelming .
No busy , active person has a snowball 's chance of keeping up with it all .
-----
Your clear insight into the user 's POV is a pleasure to read .
-----
I 'd like to add , from a user 's POV , that guaging my experience , competence level , goals , etc. is something I rarely see done or attempted by manuals or tech support services .
It seems that most companies pick an average user profile ( out of ??? ) and talk to that composite .
As a result many users , who fall to one side or another of that average profile , either feel stupid or insulted .
I often wish that any complex product or web service would consider offering 2 - 3 levels of instruction / assistance .
Vera
Posted by : Vera Bass | Sep 25 , 2006 2:41:37 PM
It 's also the user 's job to make sure the developer knows something sucks .
If I had a nickel for every time we did n't do something or fix something because no one had called tech support about it ... well you know .
It should n't be like that but with a finite amount of time to dedicate to development , we pick the squeakiest wheels .
Posted by : Elena Murphy | Sep 25 , 2006 2:47:12 PM
" The pain of an upgrade begins with download and installation "
I think updating should be more like me hitting a big button " Do it ! " - especially if it is an upgrade for free software .
No hunting down language files for the new version , no manual backup of data because data loss can occur ( think about community software like blogs or forums ) , no plugin incompatibilities ( fun in plugin - heavy software like PS or AFX ) .
Nothing is more frustrating than updating and afterwards everything is broken - and whos is blamed ?
Me , because before meddled with the installation everything was running okay .
* runs away screaming *
Posted by : Michael Herzog | Sep 26 , 2006 12:58:37 AM
I just have to say that if you rework your blog to be even better , I 'll love you forever .
I got turned on to your work through Canuckflack , and I find your ability to illustrate concepts that I have thought of only verbally amazing .
Looking forward to your new version .
Posted by : Bob LeDrew | Sep 27 , 2006 5:25:53 AM
Have you read the book " Mastery " by George Leonard ?
He has a lot of insights into how to create the " Kick - Ass Curve " in our lives .
In fact the entire book is about the mind set required to create and enjoy that particular pattern in all the things we do .
I 'd love to hear your thoughts .
Keep up the great work !
Posted by : John | Sep 27 , 2006 5:32:56 PM
As usual an interesting post .
What I would mention here it is not just the product in which this theory applies .
It happens when we are learing something for eg. Java ... Some one who has leart core java in his begineer / intermediate zone always fears to learn some new stuff like Java Struts or EJB fearing that he will never be good at it ... back in the suck zone and that sucks ...
It is applicable to anything that we want to learn ...
How to get over that nervousness is a technique in itself .
Posted by : Balaji M | Sep 29 , 2006 9:26:23 AM
http://porno-bilder.titten-brueste-busen.com/
Posted by : zyma | May 21 , 2007 10:37:37 AM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Have you heard the pitch for the tool that gives a 600 % productivity improvement , or the new programming language that will solve all of your problems ?
Matt Heusser explains that confidence games abound in software development - and suggests what to do about them .

You probably know that the foreign drugs offered in your email inbox are not legal or FDA regulated , but you may not know that many of those drugs are entirely fake .
Ten cents a dose for prescription medicine is not a good deal if the vendor ships sugar pills — or poison .
Those sugar pills are a confidence scheme — they offer to provide something that ultimately is n’t able to live up to its promises .
The term brings to mind images of back - alley deals with shady characters , but confidence games occur everywhere in this world .
Finding con artists can be as easy as turning on your television : Cars and alcohol promise joy but provide only passing entertainment .
Real estate infomercials promise riches but deliver false hope .
Dial - A - Date and other , less reputable services promise intimacy and instead provide just a fleeting illusion .
Yet we have a need for the things that these frauds promise ; that ’s why they ’re so appealing .
We also have pains and needs in the world of software development , with some real solutions ... and some more dubious ones .
The software vendor who promises that his three - letter - acronym will solve all of your problems , the consultant who promises a 300 % increase in productivity with his patented system , and the certification vendor offering a 50 % raise and guaranteed career are all promising more than they can deliver .
Let ’s consider a few of these con games , along with the corresponding real goal , why that goal is so difficult to reach , and alternative steps to get there .
Three - Letter Acronyms
Does anyone remember ERP ?
Enterprise resource planning was supposed to solve the problems inherent in a big company where different departments ( and business units ) were n’t talking to each other .
According to Barbara McNurlin and Ralph Sprague , [ 1 ] ERP is " tightly integrating the various functions of an enterprise so that management can see cross-enterprise financial figures and order and manufacturing volumes . "
One western Michigan company went through a large ERP conversion to solve all these problems — but they wanted to keep the existing , best - of - breed HR system along with the ERP system , the data warehouse , and several other in - house applications .
While the ERP system helped , keeping these systems synchronized caused the same kind of integration pain that ERP was supposed to fix .
After introducing the subject of ERP as the next step forward for the information services group , McNurlin and Sprague conclude that ERP implementations " are huge , expensive , and many failed . "
The next touted idea was enterprise application integration ( EAI ) , which was supposed to solve the problems of ERP by enabling loosely coupled , distributed systems to talk to each other by trading messages in XML , often through a server .
The problem was that when the server ( hub ) went down , so did the entire business .
Enter service - oriented - architecture ( SOA ) and the enterprise service bus ( ESB ) , which create a " redundant server you can trust " ; the problem is that nobody knows what that expression really means .
One publisher went so far as to suggested a roadmap for companies to follow in order to develop a strategy that will , hopefully , produce an architecture .
If a roadmap to a strategy to a high - level architecture sounds a bit too fluffy , a number of vendors and consultants would be happy to help you implement an ESB that hooks into a SOA that enables EAI back to the original ERP system .
The full - page ads were in the periodical , right next to the article on SOA .
How ... helpful .
Have you noticed a pattern here ?
The vendor or consultant promises to solve a problem , partially solves it , and then keeps the company on the hook for the next " solution . "
The real goal of consulting companies and vendors , after all , is to make money .
It may be unintentional , but it certainly fits the definition of a con game .
Now , I ’m not opposed to the idea of SOA ; in fact , many large organizations that need to pass huge amounts of small bits of data on demand ( airlines , companies with legacy / mainframe systems , massive retailers ) , or companies integrating due to mergers and acquisitions , could find great benefit in the SOA approach .
The rest of us may be better off simply avoiding the problems that SOA supposedly solves — redundant systems , systems that do n’t talk to each other , and bad integration .
Avoiding those problems requires good architecture , managed growth , and team discipline .
For example , if the real goal is good integration , that might require strong execution of systems integration — instead of cleaning up the mess with middleware afterward .
Leadership and initiative can help accomplish the real goal of data integrity and consistency far better than any alphabet soup .
Leadership , integrity , initiative , and vision cannot be outsourced or purchased from a vendor .
They wo n’t increase the size of an empire or create new , marketable three - letter abbreviations for a résumé .
Focusing on good work will often detract from focusing on image and appearance .
Still , when good work conflicts with image , good work should win .
We ’ll come back to this issue later ; for now , let ’s talk about process certification .
games
LeBron James
Is Now at the Center of Everything Still dominant on the court , he has fully embraced his role as sports ’ moral conscience as he vies for another title .
BEIJING — Foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang responded yesterday to Vice President Dick Cheney ’s remarks about China during his recent Asia trip with an earthy metaphor about home invasion and a barbed eight - point statement outlining China ’s diplomatic philosophy .
Mr. Qin ’s comments strayed far from the tepid boilerplate answers normally issued by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs when he was asked about remarks by Mr. Cheney , who had expressed concern over the transparency of Chinese military expenditures and suggested that China ’s anti-satellite test in January posed a threat to the world .
Acknowledging that the comparison might not be entirely appropriate , he said : “ If you had a neighbor always standing at your doorstep , peering into your household and constantly shouting at you , ‘ Why do n’t you open your door and let me see what ’s in your house , what ’s in your family , ’ how would you feel about that ? ”
Mr. Qin continued : “ You wear your clothes , you wear your underwear , and when there are people shouting at you , ‘ Please take off all your clothes and let me see what ’s inside , ’ how would you respond ?
I think you will cry for police help .
“ I hope such a comparison will help you better understand our position , ” Mr. Qin said .
The foreign ministry official then gave an eight - point statement on whether China poses a threat to the world , telling reporters , “ We hope you can make your judgment on the basis of Chinese diplomatic philosophy and its precepts . ”
Here is the transcript of Mr. Qin ’s remarks :
“ First of all China will not seek hegemony .
We are still a developing country .
We do n’t have the resources to seek hegemony .
Even if China becomes a developed country , we will not seek hegemony .
“ Second , China will not play power politics and we will not interfere with other countries ’ internal affairs .
We will not impose our own ideology on other countries .
“ Third , we maintain all countries , big or small , should be treated equally and respect each other .
All affairs should be consulted and resolved by all countries on the basis of equal participation .
No country should bully others on the basis of strength .
“ Fourth , [ in international affairs ]
China will make judgment on each case , each matter on the merit of the matter itself and we will not have double standards .
We will not have two policies : one for ourselves and one for others .
We will not do that .
We believe we cannot do unto others what we do not wish others do unto us .
“ Fifth , we advocate all countries handle their relations on the basis of the United Nations Charter and norms governing international relations .
We advocate stepping up international cooperation and do not play politics unilaterally .
We should not undermine the dignity and the authority of the U.N .
We should not impose and set our own wishes above the U.N. Charter , international law and norms .
“ Sixth , we advocate peaceful negotiation and consultation so as to resolve our international disputes .
We do not resort to force , or threat of force , in resolving international disputes .
China maintains a reasonable national military buildup to defend our own sovereignty and territorial integrity .
It is not made to expand , nor do we seek invasion or aggression .
“ Seventh , China is firmly opposed to terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
We are a responsible member of the international community , and as for international treaties , we abide by all them in a faithful way .
We never play by a double standard , selecting and discarding treaties we do not need .
“ Eighth , we respect the diversity of civilization and the whole world .
We advocate different cultures make exchanges , learn from each other , and compliment one another with their own strengths .
We ’re opposed to clashes and confrontations between civilizations , and we do not link any particular ethnic group or religion with terrorism . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
By Maimouna Jallow
BBC News , Sao Tome
Traditionally people ate the tree bark in the cocktail to cure hernias
A large glass bottle containing a mysterious brown liquid labelled " Pilolo Atomico " - which means Atomic Penis - occupies a prime position on the bar .
" It 's so popular , even the president talks about it , " says Maria - Joao Pombo , the owner of Cafe and Companhia ( Cafe and Company ) .
" Pilolo Atomico is made up of a mixture of a local brandy and several tree barks , " she says .
" We also flavour it with things like cinnamon because it is very bitter .
Here in Sao Tome , they say it's an aphrodisiac . "
Herbal remedy
Ms Pombo , who moved to the island five years ago , has been selling the cocktail for about a year and a half .
I knew the name sounded very suggestive but I did n't know exactly what it meant
Maria -Joao Pombo
She decided to go commercial after hearing about the local erotic concoction .
" I knew people here eat the bark of plants like Pao tree ; washing it down with what they call a ' hot ( alcoholic ) drink ' .
" So I decided to combine the ingredients and bottle it , " she says .
Traditionally , however , the drink was not only used to enhance sexual potency .
People ate the tree bark to cure stomach pains and hernias .
It also gave them the strength to walk for miles without food or drink .
Sceptics
And Pilolo Atomico is not its original name either , this was cooked up by some of Ms Pombo 's friends while sitting at the bar .
" I knew the name sounded very suggestive but I did n't know exactly what " pilolo " meant , " she explains .
" Once the drink started becoming more popular , I decided to register the name and the product .
" But they would n't let me .
That is when I found out that " pilolo " means penis . "
Sceptics say the cocktail 's popularity is just down to its name , but some cafe regulars swear by it .
It tastes foul
Bibi
Cafe customer
" When I drink just one glass of pilolo , I feel strong for 12 hours .
Believe me , it really does work , " says Miguel .
" You just have to make sure you have a beautiful woman with you , " he adds .
Women also seemed to appreciate its aphrodisiacal effects .
" It 's fantastic , much better than the blue pill , " says Alexia , referring to the impotency drug Viagra .
Others say the cocktail is an acquired taste .
" It tastes foul , " says Bibi .
But effective or not , safe sex is the message - every Pilolo Atomico comes with a free condom .
By Phil Mercer
BBC News , Sydney
Toadzilla is the biggest cane toad ever found in Australia 's Northern Territory and weighs just under two pounds , according to an environmental group .
Environmentalists have been trying to stop the spread of the poisonous creatures across the country 's tropics .
The toads were introduced from Hawaii in the 1930s in a failed attempt to control native cane beetles .
Toadzilla was caught during a community hunt in Darwin .
Residents have been urged to help stop the spread of this most unwelcome of pests .
Environmental group FrogWatch , which organises hunts to destroy the toads , said the creature measured 20.5 cm ( 8 inches ) and weighed 861g ( 1.9lb ) .
" He is huge .
I would hate to meet his big sister , " said FrogWatch co-ordinator Graeme Sawyer .
Cane toads were first released in Queensland and have since marched in their millions across the country .
They are prolific breeders .
Some estimates put their number as high as 200 million .
What is beyond doubt is their effect on the environment .
They have poisoned countless native animals , including crocodiles which have died after eating them .
The population of some snakes , lizards and small marsupials have also suffered greatly .
A Northern Territory MP once said the toads were such a menace that people should attack them with golf clubs to keep them at bay .
The Lisa Project
Welcome to the Lisa project , a platform for the development of Lisp - based Intelligent Software Agents .
Lisa is a production - rule system implemented in the Common Lisp Object System ( CLOS ) , and is heavily influenced by CLIPS and the Java Expert System Shell ( JESS ) .
At its core is a reasoning engine based on an object - oriented implementation of the Rete algorithm , a very efficient mechanism for solving the difficult many - to - many matching problem ( " Rete : A Fast Algorithm for the Many Pattern / Many Object Pattern Match Problem " , Charles L. Forgy , Artificial Intelligence 19 ( 1982 ) , 17-37 . )
Intrinsic to Lisa is the ability to reason over CLOS objects without imposing special class hierarchy requirements ; thus it should be possible to easily augment existing CLOS applications with reasoning capabilities .
As Lisa is an extension to Common Lisp , the full power of the Lisp environment is always available .
Lisa - enabled applications should run on any ANSI - compliant Common Lisp platform .
Project Goals
The Lisa project is driven by a number of important goals :
Unrestricted availability :
The principal motivation for beginning Lisa was the apparent dearth of lightweight , current , freely - available toolkits for constructing Lisp - based intelligent systems .
There are a number of very fine commercial and restricted - use products out there ( see the links below ) , but these systems do not necessarily address the needs of developers attempting to introduce Lisp into their organizations .
This is exactly the position I found myself in prior to Lisa .
I was leading an applied research project that needed an expert system shell , and if I 'd had a modern implementation freely available for Lisp I might have been able to successfully entrench Lisp within the organization .
So , I wrote Lisa .
Portability : Vendor neutrality is a significant project goal , not because I disapprove of commercial software but to ensure Lisa is available on as many platforms as I can manage ..
As previously mentioned , Lisa is implemented in ANSI Common Lisp ; currently , all development is being done on Windows 2000 using Xanalys ' LispWorks .
Every effort will be made to avoid the use of implementation - specific functionality ; in the cases where a non-ANSI feature must be used ( e.g. multiprocessing support ) , Lisa will attempt to support the major Lisp implementations either through conditional evaluation or the use of a common library such as CLOCC .
Familiarity : Lisa 's production - rule system has its roots in CLIPS and JESS , making it readily familiar to developers who've worked with either of these systems .
Indeed , the CLIPS and JESS languages both have their roots in Lisp .
Flexibility :
As previously mentioned , Lisa reasons over CLOS objects without requiring changes to an application 's class hierarchy .
In addition , the full power of Common Lisp is available for use within productions ; there is no dichotomy between Lisa 's programming language and her implementation .
Simplicity : Along with portability , the project is striving for simplicity and elegance at the functional , architecture and source code levels .
This does n't mean Lisa should have limited usefulness ; rather , it should be possible for new developers to easily understand the code layout and behavior .
Unless performance absolutely demands otherwise , clarity of design and implementation will take precedence .
Project People
David E. Young : Presently a knowledge engineer at a small startup in RTP , North Carolina .
Project Status
Release 3.2 is the latest official release .
The major addition after version 2.1 is support for Certainty Factors ( CF ) , as described in Peter Norvig 's Paradigms of Artificial Intelligence Programming .
There 's also a simplified install facility based on ASDF , and some major performance improvements .
The first production release for Lisa 2.0 , a major rewrite of the system , was available as of 9 December , 2002 .
The Rete algorithm was re-implemented from scratch ; new conditional elements were added ; contexts were introduced ; and a production rule debugger made available .
There were also other features not listed here .
Lisa had its first production release ( Version 1.0 ) on 31 August , 2001 and is considered " stable " software ; it should now be possible to develop reasonably sophisticated knowledge bases for " real systems " .
Lisa has successfully run adaptations of the " monkey and bananas " ( MAB ) planning problem on all four target Lisp platforms , and full reasoning capabilities are available for CLOS objects in a multi- threaded environment .
Release 1.1 offers support for dynamic rule definition , the ability to create new rules from existing rules at runtime ; version 1.2 includes a new query facility that allows interactive and programmatic retrieval of CLOS instances from a knowledge base .
For the most current information on the project , including mailing lists , latest news and available downloads , see the official project page .
If you prefer , you may contact the project staff directly ( see Project People ) .
Supported Platforms
Lisa is known to run on LispWorks , ACL , CLISP , CMUCL ( 19a ) , SBCL and OpenMCL .
I also know of an individual that has managed to get Lisa running on Armed Bear Common Lisp , a testimony to the quality of that member of the Common Lisp family .
Documentation
Currently , documentation for Lisa is a work - in - progress .
However , there is a beta-quality version of the Lisa Reference Guide that should help you get started .
Also , you may see the source code for Lisa 's two versions of the MAB , mab.lisp and mab-clos.lisp ( a " CLOS - ified " version of the default MAB implementation ) .
License
Lisa is currently released under the GNU Lesser General Public License ( LGPL ) , primarily because it seemed more versatile than the GPL .
However , some sources indicate that the LGPL might inhibit commercial uses of Lisp applications like Lisa .
I 've no idea if this is the case as I 'm not a legal expert .
So , if you 're interested in using Lisa commercially and decide the LGPL gets in the way , feel free to contact me to discuss some other type of license arrangement .
News
8 September , 2007 : Release 3.0 .
This is a major release that offers support for certainty factors , big performance improvements , and some important bug fixes .
21 February , 2006 : Release 2.4 .
This is a minor release that makes Lisa compatible with CLISP 2.38 .
5 April , 2005 : Release 2.3 .
This version fixes a serious bug in Lisa ’s join network ; thanks to Andy Sloane for the patch .
There ’s also a patch from Fred Gilham that enables auto - notify support for CMUCL .
4 April , 2005 : Release 2.1 is out of beta and is the latest stable release .
17 September , 2004 : Release 2.1 beta is available , with support for Certainty Factors .
Also , Lisa now unofficially once again supports CMUCL .
I 've had reports that the PCL bugs were fixed as of 19a , and that Lisa is able to run the MAB on that platform .
9 June , 2004 : Lisa now uses ASDF as its default system definition facility .
The build and load procedure has also been simplified to help new folks get up and running quickly .
I also have plans to write a tutorial that will be more useful than the reference guide .
Also , note that Lisa officially no longer supports CMUCL .
There 's apparently a bug in PCL that prevents Lisa from running ( or perhaps compiling ; I forget ) .
This situation has existed for awhile now , but I 'm just getting around to announcing it .
6 June , 2004 : Release 2.0.7 .
Yet another bug - fix release that corrects a problem reported by Aneil Mallavarapu .
Lisa was having difficulty keeping the agenda straight when rules were created after facts had been asserted into working memory .
5 March , 2004 : Release 2.0.6 .
This is a bug - fix release that addresses problems with a )
Lisa 's duplicate fact detection mechanism ; and b ) the LOGICAL conditional element .
Patches for both issues were submitted by Aneil Mallavarapu .
1 November , 2003 : Release 2.0.5 , a bug - fix release that corrects problems with Lisa ’s taxonomic reasoning system .
Patches submitted courtesy of Aneil Mallavarapu .
19 December , 2002 : Release 2.0.3 , a bug - fix release addressing a problem with queries .
10 December , 2002 : Release 2.0.1 , a bug - fix release for 2.0 .
9 December , 2002 : The first production release for 2.0 is available .
Details are in the release notes .
25 November , 2002 : Beta 3 is available .
Again , some major enhancements , including Contexts , a new conditional element and duplicate fact detection .
Details are in the release notes .
18 November , 2002 : Beta 2 is available .
Lots of changes and enhancements in this version , including completion of Lisa 's truth maintenance system .
See the release notes for details .
6 November , 2002 : The first beta release for Lisa 2.0 , 2.0b1 .
This version introduces a form of truth maintenance via the LOGICAL conditional element .
Details are in the reference guide in the distribution .
4 November , 2002 : Alpha release 5 for Lisa 2.0 is now available .
This version introduces the OR conditional element , along with some improvements to the debugger .
Details are in the reference guide in the distribution .
28 October , 2002 : Alpha release 4 for Lisa 2.0 is now available .
New to this version is the Lisa debugger , a simple , interactive production rule monitoring / inspection facility .
The Reference Guide in the distribution has a chapter explaining how to use it .
Additional items of interest can be found here .
Related Links
This section contains a small collection of topics related to Lisa and its development environment .
It will be updated periodically as the need arises .
NB : If your favorite Lisp / Environment / Tool was omitted here it was done without prejudice ; I simply have n't had time to test Lisa with every mainstream Lisp implementation , or investigate every knowledge representation system , or ... you get the idea .
Lisp Development Environments and Libraries Emacs :
No comment necessary .
ILisp : A nice , comprehensive Emacs Lisp package that integrates a number of Lisp implementations .
CLOCC : The Common Lisp Open Code Collection .
Commercial and Restricted - Use Knowledge Systems Freely - Available Knowledge Systems Loom , PowerLoom : Semantic networks , ontologies .
KnowledgeWorks : Production - rule system for LispWorks .
JESS : The Java Expert System Shell .
JRules : ILog 's production - rule system for Java .
Eclipse , Authorete : The Haley Enterprise 's production rule suite .
CLIPS : A classic expert system tool .
Screamer : Nondeterministic programming for Lisp .
JLisa : A powerful framework for building business rules accessible to Java .
Credits
The background image for this web site was lifted , with permission , from the Loom project home page .
How it works
New version
Acknowledgements
Slashdot
Make magazine
The head of the Internal Revenue Service faces questions in Congress today about auditors ’ complaints that they are being forced to close corporate cases prematurely , allowing billions in tax dollars to go unpaid .
In interviews , these revenue agents warned that unless they were free to pursue what their instincts tell them , their focus would end up being only on known abuses , and new ones created by the tax advice industry would go undetected .
The agency countered that it had increased the number of companies whose tax returns it examined by a fourth since 2001 , even though the number of auditors was virtually the same .
Agency officials said this was accomplished by cutting back slightly on audits of the very largest companies , which produce more than 80 percent of all corporate profits , while increasing audits of those with assets of $ 10 million to $ 250 million .
At the same time , the officials say , they have shortened the average time to complete an audit from almost two years in 2001 to less than 18 months last year .
Ann Coulter
AKA Ann Hart Coulter
Born : 8 - Dec-1961
Birthplace : New York City
Gender : Female
Religion : Protestant
Race or Ethnicity : White
Sexual orientation : Straight
Occupation : Pundit
Party Affiliation : Republican
Nationality : United States
Executive summary : Rightwing bombthrower
Ann Coulter is a lawyer and author , famous for despising anyone politically left of Ronald Reagan .
In college , she founded the local chapter at the Federalist Society , a conservative - libertarian group .
She edited The Michigan Law Review , and she is a legal correspondent for Human Events .
Coulter was fired from MSNBC when she told the president of the Vietnam Veterans of America Foundation , himself a disabled Vietnam veteran , " No wonder you guys lost . "
She was fired from the conservative National Review when she turned in a column offering a final solution to the Muslim problem : " We should invade their countries , kill their leaders and convert them to Christianity . "
Political positions Coulter disagrees with are briefly , brusquely , and often inaccurately described , then dismissed , often with an insult .
The same steps are repeated several times per column .
The technique can be enthralling for readers already in agreement with Coulter , yet Arnold Beichman , a conservative from the Hoover Institution , reviewed Treason in the conservative Washington Times , and wrote that he had " tried to read Miss Coulter 's book and failed .
Life is too short to read pages and pages of rant . "
Father : John Vincent Coulter ( b. 5 - May - 1926 , d. 4 - Jan-2008 )
Mother : Nell Husbands Martin ( b. 23 - Feb -1928 )
Brother : John Coulter ( older )
Brother : James M. Coulter ( older )
Boyfriend : Bill Maher
Boyfriend : Dinesh D'Souza
Boyfriend : James Tully
Boyfriend : Bob Guccione , Jr.
Boyfriend : ( Democratic Senate staffer )
Boyfriend : ( FBI agent )
University : BA , Cornell University ( 1984 )
Law School : JD , University of Michigan Law School ( 1988 )
FrontPage Magazine Columnist
George Columnist ( 1999 -)
Human Events Contributor
National Review Contributing Editor ( - 2001 )
Law Clerk Eighth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals
Center for Individual Rights
Center for the Study of Popular Culture
Delta Gamma Sorority
Federalist Society
GOProud Advisory Council
National Conservative Campaign Fund National Advisory Board
National Journalism Center ( 1985 )
Pied University of Arizona , Tucson , AZ ( 21 - Oct-2004 ) , missed
Evolution Skeptics
Risk Factors : Smoking
FILMOGRAPHY AS ACTOR
Sharknado 3 : Oh Hell No! ( 22 - Jul - 2015 )
Fahrenhype 9/11 ( 5 - Oct - 2004 ) · Herself
Official Website :
http://www.anncoulter.com/
Author of books :
High Crimes and Misdemeanors : The Case Against Bill Clinton ( 1998 , politics )
Slander : Liberal Lies About the American Right ( 2002 , politics )
Treason : Liberal Treachery from the Cold War to the War on Terrorism ( 2003 , politics )
How to Talk to a Liberal ( If You Must ) : The World According to Ann Coulter ( 2004 . , politics )
Godless : The Church of Liberalism ( 2006 , politics )
If Democrats Had Any Brains , They'd Be Republicans ( 2007 , politics )
Guilty : Liberal " Victims " and Their Assault on America ( 2009 , politics )
Demonic : How the Liberal Mob Is Endangering America ( 2011 , politics )
Requires Flash 7 + and Javascript .
Do you know something we do n't ?
Submit a correction or make a comment about this profile
The principle of transparency is regarded by many to be necessary in a successful democracy .
Every day , people are demanding more transparency out of the media , business and government .
Socially driven news sites are a step in that direction .
They offer a level playing field where users come to edit news democratically .
What role does transparency play in the users ’ actions on these sites ?
Semi-Transparency
Digg features ways to positively and negatively rate both submissions and comments .
The positive votes on stories are fully transparent , allowing you to see a complete list of who voted on them .
Positive votes on comments are semi- transparent in that they display the last couple of friends of yours who have voted positively on comments .
All negative rating – both buries and comment thumbs downs – are secret ( with the exception of Digg Spy ’s display of burials ) .
The transparency on Digg has generally been a good thing .
It has served on numerous occasions to enable users to bust voting rings .
The lack of transparency on the negative side of things , however , has given rise to lack of accountability for people burying stories .
This in turn , has resulted in a “ Bury Brigade “ ; a group of users who maliciously bury users or sites until those sites are banned from submission .
Full Transparency
On Netscape , you can vote positively and negatively on both stories and comments .
All votes and sinks are completely transparent .
You can see a list of everyone who voted positively and negatively on every story , and even every comment .
Like Digg , Netscape has benefited from having their votes transparent to users .
Users have on occasion been able to point out sock puppet voting rings .
However the transparency has affected the social atmosphere to a certain degree .
Some users take it personally when others rate their submissions or comments negatively .
The result is an increased level of ill will floating around in some areas of the community .
No Transparency
Reddit has a positive / negative voting system on both submissions and comments .
All votes are secret .
Only the number of positives and negatives are available .
The lack of transparency , as it has on Digg , has been known to cultivate malicious negative rating of stories on Reddit .
There have even been reports of trolls and bots who automatically down - vote new submissions .
Newsvine only allows positive votes on articles and comments .
And like Reddit , they have no voter transparency .
Although there is no negative voting mechanism on Newsvine , there is a feature that lets users report stories for being spam , inaccurate , inappropriate , etc .
There have been accusations of users abusing this story - reporting feature to get stories removed .
…
The more transparent a social news site is , the more accountability users have to each other .
The more exposed we are to each other , the more we stand to learn from each other ’s strengths and weaknesses .
As such , I urge all of the above mentioned sites to strive for even greater transparency of their users ’ actions .
Author : Derek van Vliet Derek van Vliet is a Toronto , Ontario native who has been programming for most of his life .
In the last year he has been active in social news .
He is currently a top 10 - ranked user on Digg where he goes by the name BloodJunkie .
He is also a professional social bookmarker ( aka Navigator ) on Netscape , where he goes by the name Neophile .
Check his blog at http://neothoughts.com.
Any American over age 50 probably remembers The Sting , the 1973 movie starring Paul Newman and Robert Redford .
Their characters were a pair of penny - ante crooks who got even with a murderous criminal by setting him up for a scam .
Like most scams , it appealed to greed .
They persuaded him that he could get something for nothing .
Then they stripped him of his money .
It was a great movie .
All you had to do was ignore the ending , which violated an incontrovertible truth that had been revealed in a less well - known movie , The Gang That Could n’t Shoot Straight ( 1971 ) .
That truth was announced by Big Momma , the Italian mother of an incompetent gang : “ If it ai n’t in the Daily News , there ai n ’t - a no murder . ”
Compared to what central bankers have done to the general public , The Sting was a con job run by amateurs .
So successful has their sting been that it has taken in 98 % of the gold bugs .
THE GOLD BUG’S CREED
I am a gold bug .
In early 2001 , there were hardly any of us remaining .
What is a gold bug ?
It is a person who believes the following :
The gold standard was good for world trade , 1815 to 1914 .
The gold standard was good for individual liberty .
A gold standard reduces the likelihood of monetary inflation .
Gold was a good investment , 1976 — 1979 .
Gold is still a good investment , despite 1980 — 2001 , when it fell 70 % while consumer prices doubled .
The problem has always been this : there is almost no agreement among gold bugs as to what features a gold standard should always have .
Should a gold standard be
Guaranteed by law ?
Whose law ?
Enforced by which government agency ?
With the gold in which form ?
Stored where ?
At whose expense ?
With what restrictions on entry ?
With what competition from government - issued money ?
With what competition from central bank - issued money ?
At what price ?
Then there is the question of silver .
Gold bugs are usually also silver bugs .
So , all of the above questions apply to silver .
There were gold coins in circulation in my parents ’ youth .
There were silver coins circulating in my youth .
These coins used to be money , all over the industrial West .
No longer .
What happened ?
The sting happened .
In June , 1914 , you could have walked into a bank anywhere in the West and handed over the national paper money in exchange for either gold coins or silver coins .
You could have purchased these coins at a fixed price : a specific quantity of paper money per coin .
You would have paid nothing for the transaction , other than standing in line .
The gold standard was therefore a free lunch .
So was the silver standard .
Problem : “ There ai n’t no such thing as a free lunch . ”
So , there was something rotten in Denmark — also in England , France , the United States , and every other gold standard country .
There was at least one fundamental flaw in the international gold standard , which was also a series of national gold standards .
All of them rested on a lie : “ something for nothing . ”
Whenever you are offered something for nothing , keep your hand upon your wallet and your back against the wall .
THE FRAUD OF THE GOLD STANDARD
The gold standard as it actually operated , 1815 — 1914 , was a gigantic fraud .
That fraud was revealed every time there was a major war .
Commercial banks suspended gold redemption on demand , and governments always legalized this violation of contract .
The gold standard in wartime was n’t worth the paper it was written on .
In late 1914 , Europe ’s banks suspended payment when World War I broke out .
But this time the central banks in each country confiscated the gold that the commercial banks had just confiscated from their depositors .
After World War I was over , in 1925 , Great Britain re-established gold coin redemption on demand , but at the pre-war , pre-wartime inflation price .
This meant that gold withdrawals would strip the Bank of England of its gold unless it shrank the currency supply , which it feared to do .
In 1931 , gold withdrawals threatened the Bank of England ’s gold horde .
The Bank , with the government ’s approval , suspended payment .
It has never been re-established .
In 1933 , Franklin Roosevelt imitated the Brits .
He went even further .
He made it illegal for American citizens to own gold bullion or gold bullion coins .
Central banks could redeem gold for dollars at the U.S. Treasury after 1934 at $ 35 / oz — not the previous $ 20 .
That policy ended on August 15 , 1971 , when Nixon unilaterally broke the government ’s contract with foreign central banks .
So . . . .
The gold standard was a restraint on governments . . . until the governments grew tired of the restraint .
The gold standard was a restraint on privately owned central banks after governments turned their nations ’ gold over to the central banks . . . until the central bankers grew tired of the restraint .
The modern gold standard was therefore from day one a gigantic con job .
Governments and later national central banks made this offer to the public :
“ Bring your gold coins to your local commercial bank .
Your bank will give you paper money in exchange .
Paper money is light .
It ’s easy to carry .
Any time you want gold coins rather than paper money , just bring in paper money , and your friendly banker will give you government - guaranteed gold coins at a fixed , government - guaranteed price .
This way , you can store your gold free of charge .
Think of the convenience .
It ’s a no-risk deal .
Trust us . ”
Something for nothing !
The public bought it .
In every nation , the public bought it .
In every gold standard nation , the governments allowed the central banks to confiscate the public ’s gold and never return it .
Silver , too .
THE STING
The mark of a successful sting operation is that the victim never knows that he has been stung .
I know of no more successful sting operation than the bait - and - switch scam known as the gold standard .
Not only did the general public in every nation shrug its collective shoulders when the governments confiscated their gold “ in the name of the people , ” the voters re-elected the politicians who turned over the government ’s gold to the privately owned , barely regulated central banks .
The public still had one possible recourse : to go to the local bank and demand paper money .
That act is deflationary .
Every dollar withdrawn in the form of paper currency and not redeposited in another bank shrinks the money supply by nine to one .
Paper currency is not fractionally reserved .
Deposits are .
Paper money is the bottom of the inverted pyramid of money .
That threat no longer exists .
The February 17th issue of The Economist ran a cover story : “ The End of Cash . ”
The cover featured a picture of dinosaurs .
Today , the only institutional restraining factor to protect the public from mass inflation is the bond market .
If long - term rates climb in response to price inflation , bonds ’ prices fall .
That threatens institutional investors .
The sting has removed the ability of the public , person by person , to penalize the commercial banks by withdrawing money and not re-depositing it .
The public is unaware of any of this .
The politicians are unaware of any of this .
The media are unaware of any of this .
Academic economists are vaguely aware of some of this , but they do n’t really care .
They do not mention any of this in class or in their textbooks .
They approve of central banks ’ efficiency .
Those few who do voice objections do not receive tenure , and surely not in any of the high - prestige universities .
Most amazing of all , the vast majority of gold bugs are unaware of any of this .
Authors still write their unread book - long defenses of the gold standard , 1815 — 1914 , as if the system had not been designed and implemented by the Bank of England to further the British Empire ’s commercial interests and the interests of the commercial banks that served commerce .
And the beat goes on .
And the beat goes on .
WHAT IS THE SOLUTION ?
In theory , there are two possible solutions , neither of which has any possibility of being implemented in my lifetime or yours .
One solution is free banking .
This was Ludwig von Mises ’ suggestion .
There would be no bank regulation , no central bank monopolies , no bank licensing , and no legal barriers to entry .
Let the most efficient banks win !
In other words , the solution is a free market in money .
Another solution is 100 % reserve banking .
Banks would not be allowed to issue more receipts for gold or silver than they have on deposit .
Anything else is fraud .
There would be regulation and supervision to make sure deposits matched loans .
This was Murray Rothbard ’s solution .
The question is : Regulation by whom ?
With what authority ?
There would be no government - issued money .
There would be no government mint .
There would be no legal tender laws .
There would be no barriers to entry into coin production .
There would also be no free services .
There is no such thing as a free lunch .
Anything other than free banking or 100 % reserve banking is a pseudo - gold standard or silver standard .
It is just one more invitation to confiscation .
There is no organized movement today to establish either free banking or 100 % reserve banking .
There has never been a movement to impose 100 % reserve banking .
It has been well over a century since a handful of economists and pamphlet writers recommended free banking .
Anyone who tells you that it would be easy to switch over to a gold standard has either no understanding of the politics of money and banking or else has been smoking some funny - smelling leaves .
To switch by official decree to a non-governmental banking system would require the wholehearted co-operation of central bankers , commercial bankers , politicians , academic economists , and political parties , all of which have a vested interest in controlling the money supply at the expense of the public .
They fear above all the depositors ’ ability to bring down the entire international cartel through bank runs .
These bank runs would create massive deflation , international depression , and the collapse of the division of labor .
IMPLEMENTING THE SOLUTION
If a free market gold standard ever arrives , it will be the result of an unplanned response by men and women to a disaster created by the existing central bank cartel .
This would require that the switch be preceded by massive inflation , followed by deflation , producing the bankruptcy of the existing banks and brokerage houses .
Problem :
Where will we buy our gold coins ?
With what ?
In the summer of 1963 , I began buying silver coins at face value at a local bank .
By 1964 , there were no more silver coins to buy at banks .
The run on silver coins had begun .
Only in tiny coin stores could you buy silver coins at a premium over face value .
Where could you buy numismatic U.S. gold coins in 1963 ?
At those same little coin shops .
For example , you could buy gold coins from Camino Coin Company in Burlingame , California .
Today , over four decades later , you can still buy coins there .
It is still tiny .
The same guy owns it and runs it .
I was 21 back then .
I am 65 today .
The more things do n’t change , the more they stay the same .
An international gold standard requires widespread access to gold coins or digital warehouse receipts to gold coins .
There is no network of easily accessible local dealers .
Banks do not buy and sell them .
More important , it requires widespread awareness of the government - restraining aspect of gold coins .
Problem : the sting was completely successful .
Almost no one today understands the power of gold coins and silver coins in relation to the rival power of governments to buy votes .
Among those who think they understand — the gold bugs — almost none of them really do understand .
They are advocates of stage one of the sting operation , as if time could run back .
They want a return to the good old days , when governments issued honest money and central bankers were public - spirited seekers of legitimate profits .
That ’ll be the day .
CONCLUSION
Gold coins once provided a degree of personal liberty because governments were forced by public opinion regarding the money supply to maintain convertibility of paper money into gold coins .
But war by war , central bank by central bank , economic emergency by economic emergency , textbook by textbook , central bank insiders have persuaded politicians to authorize the removal of gold from the public ’s bank accounts .
They have also persuaded academic economists and the media to re-shape the public ’s opinion regarding gold :
“ A barbarous relic . ”
It all goes back to the original lie : something for nothing .
It also goes back to the lie ’s corollary : guaranteed by law .
Those two lies made possible the creation of a government - guaranteed gold - plated gold standard .
They were part of the sting .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 19 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2007 LewRockwell.com
I have n't become a big part of the Draft Al Gore movement .
I 'll be honest , I 've been busy .
With college , blogging and rehearsals for shows that I 've done , my time is rather limited .
However , here 's one thing that I 'm not sure a lot of the Draft Al Gore folks have thought about doing : promising to vote for him in the primary , regardless of whether or not he decides to run .
What happens if all these people promising to " Draft Al Gore " were also promising to vote for Al Gore - even if it meant writing him in .
If a million people signed that kind of a petition , you 'd think Al Gore would almost have to declare .
So , let 's do it .
From this moment , I promise that I 'm going to vote for Al Gore - no matter what - come primary day .
We need Al Gore .
We need the environment to become THE issue again .
We need our country to take a leadership role on this issue - because we 're the only ones capable of getting the rest of the world involved .
We need to rebuild our respect around the world and advancing environmental protection , with someone like Al Gore behind it , would go a long way toward that .
We also need Al 's voice of clarity on Iraq ; he 's long been speaking out against President Bush 's disastrous plans .
Al Gore 's already won a plurality of the population 's vote once before - and that was when people did n't even like the guy .
Now he 's a rock star with a really important cause .
Let 's get him in office , whether he likes it or not !
Update : Alice has a great idea , find out how to get Al Gore on your state 's ballot and start collecting signatures .
That way , he 'll either have to eventually embrace it or back away from it .
Update # 2 :
If you want to draft Al Gore and live in California , check out this reply .
You need 500 signatures per congressional district , which is n't nearly as hard as it sounds .
2 - 3 dedicated people could do that per district , so get to it =)
Paste number 24849 : Regular expression engine in 14 lines of Python Pasted by : psykotic
When : 14 years , 1 month ago Share : Tweet this ! |
http://paste.lisp.org/+J69
Channel : None Paste contents : Raw Source | XML | Display
As text / plain image / svg+xml text / html application/xhtml+xml
def iconcat ( xs , ys ) : for x in xs : yield x for y in ys : yield y def nil ( s ) : yield s def seq ( l , r ) : return lambda s : ( sr for sl in l ( s ) for sr in r ( sl ) ) def alt ( l , r ) : return lambda s : iconcat ( l ( s ) , r ( s ) ) def star ( e ) : return lambda s : iconcat ( nil ( s ) , seq ( e , star ( e ) ) ( s ) ) def plus ( e ) : return seq ( e , star ( e ) ) def char ( c ) : def match ( s ) : if s and s [ 0 ] == c : yield s [ 1 : ] return match e = seq ( char ( ' c ' ) , seq ( plus ( alt ( char ( ' a ' ) , char ( ' d ' ) ) ) , char ( ' r ' ) ) ) import sys s = sys.stdin.readline ( ) [ :- 1 ] for r in e ( s ) : print " Match with remainder : " , r
Two other teachers with doctorates left Pacific Collegiate this year at least in part because of the credentialing requirement , Mr. Goldenkranz said .
( One of the departed teachers , Barbara Allen Logan , said she left largely out of concern that the school was not diverse enough . )
Nine other faculty members who already hold doctoral degrees or are working toward them are taking the teacher - certification classes , stealing time away from their own students at Pacific Collegiate .
TO call this situation perverse , to ascribe it to the principle of unintended consequences , is to be , if anything , too reasonable .
With the quality of teacher training being widely assailed as undemanding , most recently in a report last month by the Education Schools Project , a nonpartisan group , Pacific Collegiate in 2005 had what certainly looked like the solution .
Out of a faculty of 29 , 12 already had or were nearing doctoral degrees , primarily related to the subjects they taught .
And if the performance of the school mattered for anything , which unfortunately it does not in the credentialing issue , then Pacific Collegiate could show results .
Admitting its 400 students in Grades 7 through 12 by lottery rather than by admissions exam , it recorded an average of 1,982 out of a possible 2,400 on the three - part SAT and sent graduates to Yale , Princeton , Stanford , Swarthmore and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , among other elite universities .
Yet when Mr. Goldenkranz became principal in September 2005 , he was informed by the Santa Cruz County Office of Education that , as he recalled in a recent interview , “ in no uncertain terms , we had to develop a path to compliance with N.C.L.B. ”
Once the teachers were certified , Pacific Collegiate itself would have to pay $ 6,000 per teacher to the state for their enrollment in a program devised to improve retention of new faculty members .
Image Credit ... David Suter
Mr. Goldenkranz had Pacific Collegiate ’s lawyers poke for any loopholes .
The word came back from the county .
If Pacific Collegiate failed to have every one of its supposedly unqualified teachers enrolled in a certification program within two years , it would risk losing its charter to operate or its stream of public financing .
( PopSci.com ) --
There 's something disconcerting about driving a high - speed oval for the first time , and it 's easy to identify :
As you approach either of the steeply banked turns , you do n't slow down .
PopSci goes pedal - to - the - carbon - fiber in Honda 's next - gen prototype fuel cell car .
Trust me when I tell you it 's easier to nod and say " Sure , I get it " than it is to blast into those perfect semicircles at full speed .
Especially when you 're only the second civilian in the world to drive the next - generation Honda FCX prototype , a one - of - a- kind , multimillion - dollar , zero-emission fuel - cell car that you always assumed was made of duct tape and posterboard gussied up with a nice paint job , as is so often the case for auto - show concepts .
Surely the rules are different for this car .
" Dondon dondon osaete kudasai . "
Huh ?
I mentally check and then recheck my Japanese .
There 's no question :
The clipboard - clutching engineer next to me just told me to floor it .
So I floor it .
And the car goes -- fast .
Though Honda will not give official numbers for acceleration , my silent mental stopwatch puts the FCX's 0 - 60 time at about seven seconds , on par with an Audi A4 .
And around the steep banks , the car is completely surefooted , with no shakes or scary suspension moments .
It seems a lot closer to production - ready than its " limited release " date of 2008 ( which refers to the year when , like , one guy in California gets to lease the car ) would suggest .
The FCX 's driving traits are attributable to Honda 's new vertically oriented fuel cell .
Instead of lying flat under the floor like all the other hydrogen vehicles out there , Honda 's new stack stands upright where a normal car 's transmission would go .
The advantage of this is that the water created as a by - product of converting hydrogen to electricity does n't need to be aggressively pumped out of the fuel cell ; gravity does much of the work , so there 's much less need for a power - sucking , efficiency - stealing pump to move the moisture .
The orientation also makes for a much lower center of gravity than a typical fuel - cell car .
Almost all of the ones before the FCX looked like mini SUVs : high off the ground for their size .
This is because most of the area under their floors was taken up by their fuel cells and the massive cooling ducts meant to keep them from overheating .
This design made the cars nail - biters anywhere north of 75 mph .
At least , that 's how the currently available version of the FCX felt when I drove it for comparison .
While I slowed it waaaay down before entering the curve , I pushed the low - slung prototype into the bank at more than 80 mph .
The high - off - the - ground '05 FCX felt skittish even on the straightaway at its maximum speed of 140 kph ( about 87 mph ) .
The FCX prototype , which looks like a sleeker and more stylish Accord , is low to the ground , sporty , and well - behaved at 92 mph , my maximum speed in it .
" And how do you like the ball display ? " the engineer asks , referring to the computer - rendered glowing green ball in the middle of the instrument panel .
" What 's it do ? " I ask .
" Under full acceleration , when you are using the maximum amount of hydrogen , it will turn red .
Try it and see . "
I watch the ball change color as I mash the pedal , and then quickly look up to see a banked corner approaching rapidly .
Uh-oh .
In this case , it 's best not to keep your eye on the ball .
" I do n't like it at all , " I say , forgetting for a minute the tact I should be using toward a man who has dedicated the last few years of his life to creating this car .
" Why not ? " he asks , business - like but clearly concerned .
" I was so busy watching the ball change color that I almost put the car into the wall . "
" Naruhodo , " he says .
Translation : " I see what you mean . "
E-mail to a friend
All About Alternative Fuel Vehicles • Cars and Car Design • Concept Cars • Fuel Cells
This is our last entry on this page .
Just as Monitor Towers has moved , so the Monitor itself is relocating to a new home , with a fresh format .
Visit our new page to keep up with Paper Monitor , Caption Competition , your letters and some other things too .
This version of the Monitor will no longer be updated , but it will remain here for posterity .
You might like to follow the Magazine on Facebook and Twitter to keep up to date with offerings from the Monitor .
E 8 and physics
For well over two decades now String Theory has been the preeminent model for physics beyond the Standard Model .
Indeed , String
Theory is often touted among physicists as the ultimate Theory of Everything .
The basic premise of String Theory is that the most fundamental building blocks of the Universe are not atoms , or even elementary particles like electrons , muons and quarks , but rather exotic string - like objects living in a 26 - dimensional space .
The great appeal of String Theory to modern physicists is two - fold .
First of all , it very deftly circumvents two theoretical obstructions that had long thwarted the unification of Einstein 's theory of General Relativity with the quantum field theory of elementary particle physics ( viz. , the lack of renormalizability and the occurrance of quantization anomalies ) .
The second is its apparent uniqueness : once one adopts the basic principles of string theory , it can be argued that we live in the universe we live in because it is the only one that is possible .
Actually this uniqueness is not quite complete ; there are in fact several competing string models .
But the dominant model by far is that of heterotic string theory , and it is there that E 8 plays an essential role .
Naturally , the most stringent requirement of a viable string theory of the Universe is that eventually the theory has to make contact with the 4 - dimensional space - time in which we ( at least appear to ) live .
In heterotic string theory this passage from 26 dimensions to 4 dimensions occurs in two steps .
First of all , 16 of the original 26 dimensions must compactify , or curl up on themselves , in a very nice self - consistent way ; and then 6 of the remaining 10 dimensions must compactify nicely as well in order to get down to our apparent 4 - dimensional observed universe .
E 8 arises in heterotic string theory because in order for the initial reduction from 26 to 10 dimensions to procede consistently , one needs to endow a 16 - dimensional subspace of the orginal 26 - dimensional space with an even , unimodular lattice .
It turns out that there are exactly two such lattices in 16 dimensions , one of which is the root lattice of E 8 +E 8 .
See the beautiful exposition by John Baez for more details of this fascinating story .
Main E 8 page
By Jonathan Fildes
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
Levitation becomes possible using superconducting materials
Levitating high - speed trains , super - efficient power generators and ultra-powerful supercomputers would become commonplace thanks to a new breed of materials known as high temperature superconductors ( HTSC ) .
" The breakthroughs in superconductivity bring us to the threshold of a new age , " said the president .
" It 's our task to herald in that new age with a rush . "
But 20 years on , the new world does not seem to have arrived .
So what happened ?
Early promise
Superconductivity was first discovered in 1911 by researchers at the University of Leiden who used solid mercury in their experiments .
Superconductors have no electrical resistance , so unlike conventional conductors they allow an electric current to flow through without any loss .
Drs Mueller and Bednorz were awarded the Nobel prize in 1987
The ' Woodstock of Physics '
At the start , the phenomenon was only seen in materials cooled close to absolute zero , which according to theory is the state of zero heat energy .
Three - quarters of a century later , the highest temperature achieved for the onset of superconductivity , the so - called transition temperature , was a frigid 23 Kelvin ( - 250C ) .
This allowed scientists to exploit the phenomenon in specialist applications such as Magnetic Resonance Imaging ( MRI ) scanners and high energy physics particle colliders , cooled by liquid helium .
But more day - to - day applications , such as replacing the electricity grid with superconducting wires , remained impossible without materials able to operate at higher temperatures .
Closer to zero
The breakthrough came in 1986 .
Two IBM researchers , Georg Bednorz and Alex Mueller , discovered a new family of ceramic superconductors , known as the copper oxide perovskites , that operated at 35 K ( - 238C )
The work was rapidly followed up Paul Chu , of the University of Houston , who discovered materials operating at 93 K ( - 182C )
The material was not as simple as we originally thought
Paul Chu
" All of a sudden everything was different , " said Professor Chu .
" There was a euphoric feeling .
People in the field thought nothing was impossible . "
The discovery prompted a huge gathering of physicists in New York to discuss the breakthrough , a meeting later called the " Woodstock of Physics " .
Precise structure
But large - scale commercialisation of the technology would prove more difficult .
" The material was not as simple as we originally thought , " said Professor Chu .
One of the first commercial uses of superconductors was MRI scanners
In addition , their exact structure , requiring ultra - thin layers of different elements stacked on top of each other , means they are very difficult and expensive to manufacture .
" Atomically , you have to line them up very precisely in order for the supercurrent to flow , " explained Professor Chu .
This , coupled with the fact that ceramics are brittle and difficult to turn into flexible wires and films , meant that prospects for immediate exploitation were not good .
" I think the expectations were a little unrealistic , " said Dr Dennis Newns of IBM .
" The typical time it takes from inventing a new concept to application is 20 years , " he said .
" And that is exactly what we have seen . "
Cool running
Companies in Japan , Europe , China , South Korea and the US are forging ahead with applications .
In the US , American Superconductor has developed a way to " bend the unbendable " , creating HTSC wires that can carry 150 times more electricity than the equivalent copper cables .
" Twenty years ago you would see people making ceramic fibres and trying to bend them and it was like a dry stick of spaghetti , " said Greg Yurek , CEO and founder of the company .
HTS wire is much more compact than its copper equivalent
To get around this brittleness , the company embeds up to 85 tiny filaments of superconducting ceramic in a ribbon of metal 4.4 mm ( 0.17 inches ) wide .
" Think of optical fibres , " said Dr Yurek .
" If you have a rod of glass and you whack it on your desk it will shatter .
" Drop down to a fine optical fibre and it becomes flexible - it's the same principle here . "
The company also produces wires with a coating of the ceramic just one micron ( millionth of a metre ) thick on a metal alloy .
Both are cooled by a sheath of liquid nitrogen .
Short sections of the wires have already been installed in Columbus , Ohio , and a further half - mile of cable will soon be laid on Long Island , New York .
In the short term , longer stretches of the supercooled cable will be difficult to install , as it requires an infrastructure to pump liquid nitrogen around the grid .
But Dr Yurek believes that it will not be long before other firms start to offer utility companies these cryogenic services .
" This is the model they have used in the MRI industry to guarantee the cold , " he said .
Shrinking motors
The company also promotes its HTSC wires for other advanced applications .
Central Japan Railways uses coils of it for their superconducting experimental magnetic levitation ( maglev ) train .
Japan 's maglev set the world speed record for the technology
American Superconductor has also developed an electric motor using coils of superconducting wire for use in the next generation of US Navy destroyers .
Electric motors are used by most commercial cruise liners , but are typically very bulky .
Using HTSC technology dramatically shrinks their size and also increases their efficiency .
The company is just about to start testing its latest 36.5 - megawatt engine that is cooled by off - the - shelf liquid helium refrigerators and weighs 75 tonnes .
By comparison , an engine based on copper wires would weigh 300 tonnes .
" That 's great for cruise ships and the navy , because they can use that space for other things like passenger cabins or munitions , " said Dr Yurek .
" New age "
Experimentally , things have also moved on .
New superconductors have been found .
For example , a new mercury - based compound has a transition temperature of 134K ( - 139C )
" When we applied pressure we raised it up to 164K ( - 109C ) - that 's a record , " said Professor Chu .
" Of course from an application point of view , it 's hopeless . "
I think we 're on a launching pad here and we 're now ready to take off
Greg Yurek
A new theory , outlined in a paper in the journal Nature Physics by Dr Newns and his IBM colleague Dr Chang Tsuei , seeks to explain the elusive mechanism of superconductivity in the class of ceramics discovered in 1986 .
" We do n't see any fundamental limits , " said Dr Tsuei .
" If someone discovered a room - temperature superconductor tomorrow that fits with what is outlined by our theory , we would n't be surprised at all , " added Dr Newns .
This kind of optimism , seen for the first time in the mid-1980s , now seems to be deserved .
There has been a crescendo of research , while at the same time the first commercial HTSC products are rolling out of factories .
According to Dr Yurek , this is a sign that the new age promised by Ronald Reagan is finally here .
" I think we 're on a launching pad here and we 're now ready to take off , " he said .
In 1954 , Ken -L Ration began honoring exceptional canines by awarding the Dog Hero Of The Year Award .
The program is currently sponsored by Kibbles n' Bits .
Let 's have a look at the truly inspiring stories of some recent winners , our top 7 favorite dog heroes :
# 2 : Woodie ( Won In 1980 )
A collie mix owned by Rae Anne Knitter of Cleveland , Woodie leapt off an eighty - foot cliff to rescue Knitter 's fiance , Ray Thomas , from drowning .
One afternoon , Rae Anne , Ray , and Woodie were walking along a nature trail in the Rocky River Reservation when Ray , an amateur photographer , decided to capture a spectacular view from atop a steep shale cliff .
Rae Anne and Woodie waited on the path wihile Ray disappeared over the top of the hill .
Suddenly , the usually well - behaved Woodie began twisting and tugging to escape from Rae Anne .
She let go of Woodie , who raced ahead .
When Rae Anne reached the rink she saw Ray lying unconscious in a stream eighty feet below .
Woodie , who broke both hips in jumping down , was by his side , nudging Ray 's face to keep it out of the water .
Both Ray and Woodie survived .
# 1 : King ( Won In 1981 )
On the morning of December 26 , 1981 , the Carlson family of Granite Falls , Washington , was asleep when a fire broke out in their utility room .
King , a German shepard mix , was sleeping in the adjoining family room .
Instead of escaping through a door that had been left open for him , King clawed and chewed his way through the plywood door that separated him from the utility room .
Then he charged through the burning room into the bedroom where sixteen year old Pearl Carlson was sleeping .
He woke her and the two rushed to her parent 's bedroom to alert them .
Howard Carlson had a lung condition and could not move as quickly as his wife and daughter , but King remained by him until the man was safely outside .
King was badly burned on his paws , had a gash on his back , and splinters in his mouth , but made a full recovery .
# 7 : Bo ( Won In 1982 )
Bo , A labrador retriever , was rafting on the Colorado River with a puppy named Dutchess and their owners , Laurie and Bob Roberts of Glenwood Springs , Colorado , when an eight - foot wave flipped the raft over .
Rob and Dutchess were thrown free , but Laura and Bo were trapped underneath .
Bo finally emerged , but then dived back under the raft .
He reappeared towing Laurie by the hair .
Once she was free of the raft , Laurie grabbed Bo 's tail and let the dog pull her across the strong current to shore .
# 3 : Villa ( Won in 1983 )
During a severe blizzard in Villas , New Jersey , eleven year old Andrea Anderson was blown into a large snowdrift about forty feet from her home .
Disoriented , blinded by snow being blown by sixty - mile - an - hour winds , she began to scream for help .
Villa , a one - year - old black Newfoundland puppy belonging to Mrs. Lynda Veit , heard Andrea 's cries and , for the first time in her life , leapt over the five - foot - fence surrounding her run .
Villa ran eighty feet to the snowdrift , found Andrea , and licked her face reassuringly .
Then she circled the girl to clear the snow entrapping her .
Once Andrea was free , Villa cleared a path for her through the blinding snow and led her to the front door of Andrea 's house .
# 4 : Leo ( Won in 1984 )
Leo , a four - year - old standard poodle from Hunt , Texas , was playing near the Guadalupe River with eleven - year - old Sean Callahan and Sean 's nine - year - old sister , Erin .
Suddenly , Leo and the two children stumbled upon a five - and - a - half foot diamondback rattlesnake .
Leo lunged between the snake and Sean , allowing his young master to escape .
Leo received six poisonous bites to the head .
He almost died , but made a remarkable recovery .
# 6 : Reona ( Won in 1989 )
On October 17 , 1989 , a devastating earthquake hit northern California .
After the first jolt , Reona , a two and a half year old rottweiler owned by Jim Patton of Watsonville , heard screams from across the street .
Reona bolted out the door , jumped three fences ( something she had never done ) , and raced into the home of five year old Vivian Cooper .
The terrified child was standing in the kitchen when Reona
# 5 : Willy ( Won in 1991 )
Betty Souder of Los Alamos , New Mexico , was sleeping soundly when she was awakened by her nine - year old weimaraner , Willy .
" I could n't seem to wake up , " she later recalled .
But Willy persisted .
When Souder finally stood , she felt dizzy and she noticed that Willy was weaving , too .
Almost too weak to pick up the telephone , Souder finally managed to place a call to a freind .
It turned out that a faulty furnace had leaked , filling the house with poisonous carbon monoxide gas .
Had Souder slept a few minutes longer , she probably would not have been able to make her life - saving call .
Our Top 7 Favorite Winners Of The Dog Hero Award !
pushed her against the cabinets and sat on her .
Seconds later , a large microwave oven on top of the refrigerator came crashing down where Vivian had been standing .
What DON'T We Have In Our Store For Dogs ?
Not much !
Find everything from basic grooming items to high tech devices designed for pets in our online store !
Dog Breed Health
What diseases and conditions are hereditary in my dog 's breed ?
Is my dog vulnerable ?
Back To Pet Top 10's
From the friendliest cat breeds to the least intelligent dogs ( and everything in between ) , you 'll find it all on our " pet top 10 's " pages !
Hello LtU's ,
I 'm new here , although I 've been visiting this site for more than a year .
I 'am a CS student , interested in programming languages and compiler construction .
I 'm good at C , Java , C# , does n't matter .
I love Lisp and read about it more than I did with any other language , but I never really used it much .
I also love Ruby and try to use it everywhere I can .
The thing is , ever since I learned Ruby , I never had the urge to learn any other programming language , and I 'm starting to feel like I 'm missing something .
So , is it Scala ?
Haskell ?
Nemerle , OCaml ?
Anything else ?
Which one should I learn now to become a better programmer ?
Thanks ,
LuÃ­s Pureza
P.S. : By the way ... any Book recommendations ?
Thanks again .
P.S.2 : Wondering if this is the right place to ask this ...
Please , feel free to delete this post if it is n't .
A British diver and his German partner have discovered what they claim is the world 's largest submerged cave system - effectively an underground river - beneath Mexico 's Yucatán Peninsula .
Stephen Bogaerts and Robbie Schmittner had spent four years exploring whether the Sac Actun system links to other cave networks before they made the final connection that revealed a single system that is 95 miles long .
The two divers entered the system separately on January 23 and worked their way through huge chambers and tiny tunnels to meet up at the connection point they had always believed they would find .
Mr Schmittner was carrying a bottle of champagne , which they left secured to the spot .
" It was like putting a flag up on Everest , " said Mr Bogaerts , who says it took some 500 dives of several hours each to get to that point .
" We 're still walking on air . "
The diver was speaking by phone from his home in the coastal town of Tulum , a tourist haven beside the Caribbean that in recent years has also become a Mecca for the international cave diving community .
Mr Bogaerts is from south London but has spent much of his life exploring caves around the world .
He settled in Mexico eight years ago .
The 42 - year - old explorer says that putting Sac Actun at the top of the global table of submerged cave systems is far from the end of the story .
He and Mr Schmittner are working on exploring whether Sac Actun connects to a 58 km - long system called Dos Ojos .
It could yet prove to be the longest cave system of any kind - a record held by the 360 - mile , dry Mammoth Cave system in Kentucky .
The Yucatán Peninsula - particularly the area running south from the resort city of Cancún , on the north - eastern tip , along what is known as the Riviera Maya - is full of holes , in large part because of the combination of porous limestone bedrock , rainforest cover and relative flatness .
Over the millennia the substantial amount of rain that falls here has meandered its way towards the sea , turning slightly acidic because of the dissolving rock , and carving out an extraordinary underground labyrinth .
The caves are entered via open pools known as cenotes
Mr Bogaerts says divers such as he are the " eyes and hands " of the geologists , chemists , hydrologists , biologists and other scientists who are also fascinated by this natural hydraulic system that sustained Mayan civilisation for centuries and remains the main source of fresh water for the tourism industry .
Mr Bogaerts says one of his motivations is to raise the industry 's awareness of just how interconnected , and so also vulnerable , the system is , because if you contaminate one part you risk contaminating the whole thing .
" Awareness is growing , " the diver said , " but it must keep pace with the extremely rapid pace of development . "
うちのパソコンが壊れたんですよ、っていう話をしていたときのことだった。僕の向かいの席に座っていた人が変なことを言った。
「 洗えば直りますよ。 」
はじめ何を言っているのかわからなかったのだけど、近くの席にいた別の人が話しに加わってきた。
「 そうそう、ぱかっと開けてね、じゃぶじゃぶ洗っちゃう。そんで乾かしたら直るよ。」
え。パソコンってじゃぶじゃぶ洗っちゃていいんですか。僕の中では電化製品は防水加工されていない限り水に濡れたら壊れるというイメージがあった。というか実際そうじゃないのか。
「 コーヒーとかジュースとか、糖分の含まれているものがかかると壊れます。だけど水なら洗って乾かせば問題ないですよ。」
まったく信じられない話だったのだが、その人達が二人ともパソコン関係の仕事をしていること、それからあたかも当然のことのように話すその口調から、僕も洗ってみようという気になってしまったのだ。
（安藤 昌教 ）
Google employees have it good , as this video shows .
( Thx Erno Mijland ) .
While perks like on - site doctors , car wash , pool tables and 11 great free restaurants are nice , I still believe that those are n’t the real reasons Google employees are happy .
The real reason is that they have fun , get to kick butt , work with great people and have a large degree of freedom .
Perks help , but are not the source of happiness at work , as my previous blogpost about another master of perks , SAS Institute , shows .
Thanks for visiting my blog .
If you 're new here , you should check out this list of my 10 most popular articles .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work .
It 's great and it 's free :-)
Welcome back to the blog .
Want to learn more about happiness at work ?
Sign up for our intensive in - depth 3 - day Woohoo Academy training .
And if you want more great tips and ideas you should check out our newsletter about happiness at work .
It 's great and it 's free :-)
Share this : LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
" This latest attack on an [ alleged ] Taliban center -- a madrasah --
occurs at a time when negotiations for a peace council between the
Taliban and the Pakistani government are under way . "
An army spokesman says Pakistani helicopters fired missiles at the madrasah , in the semi-autonomous tribal region of Bajaur near the border with Afghanistan .
The spokesman for Pakistan 's military forces , Major General Shaukat Sultan , said the attack by Pakistani helicopter gunships destroyed the madrasah compound and killed almost everyone inside .
" We had intelligence that a madrasah in the tribal region of Bajaur was being used for wrongdoing , " Sultan said .
" According to our information , there were 70 to 80 militants in this madrasah who were training and were learning terrorist tactics .
We have been observing them for many days .
When we confirmed the information that training for terrorist activities was going on there , our security forces responded with this attack today .
" Sultan said that up to 80 suspected militants were killed .
He said military officials do not think any prominent militants were in the compound when it was attacked .
But security officials in Islamabad claim that the pro-Taliban commander who ran the madrasah , Maulana Liaqatullah , was among the dead .
Mohammad Salim , an independent journalist from Pakistan , told RFE / RL today that he also has information that the pro-Taliban commander was killed .
" According to my sources , there were 83 people studying in this madrasah , " he said .
" In this place , [ pro- Taliban commander ] Maulana Liaqatullah and about 80 others were killed .
Two or three people were injured .
" Correspondents in the Bajaur region report that residents have been collecting bodies from the rubble of the madrasah compound -- including children as young as 6 years old .
Those reports say most of the bodies have been burned or mutilated beyond recognition .
A woman who lives in the area told RFE / RL's Radio Free Afghanistan that the first missiles were fired just before dawn .
" It was actually about 20 minutes before five o'clock when three missiles were fired , " she said .
" And later , we saw helicopters flying over the area along the border of Afghanistan and Pakistan .
" A mountainous region that is difficult to access , Bajaur lies opposite Afghanistan 's eastern province of Konar , where U.S. troops are leading the hunt for Al - Qaeda and Taliban fighters .
Radio Free Afghanistan correspondent Najib Aamir noted that today 's strikes were not the first such attack by Pakistani aircraft in the area .
" One year ago , the Damadola village of the Bajaur region was targeted by Pakistani forces who , at the time , assumed that senior Al - Qaeda leader Ayman al - Zawahri was hiding in this area , " Aamir said .
" This latest attack on an [ alleged ] Taliban center -- a madrasah -- occurs at a time when negotiations for a peace council between the Taliban and the Pakistani government are under way .
" Local clerics say they think the talks between tribal elders and militants to reach a peace deal similar to one reached earlier this year in North Waziristan now appear to have failed .
Pakistan 's lawless tribal belt on the Afghan border has been a haven for Islamist militants for decades .
A large number of Al - Qaeda and Taliban guerrillas are thought to be sheltering there since fleeing the U.S. - led hunt for them in Afghanistan after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
Today 's attack came two days after some 3,000 militants held a rally in nearby Khar , chanting slogans in support of Al - Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and Taliban chief Mullah Mohammad Omar .
( RFE / RL's Radio Free Afghanistan correspondent Najib Aamir contributed to this report from Peshawar , Pakistan , and RFE / RL correspondent Ron Synovitz contributed from Prague )
Most VCs build portfolios of investments that number between 10 on the low end and 40 on the high end per fund they raise .
This gives us diversification of risk and a host of other benefits .
It is generally true that its hard to know which of the companies will ultimately provide the biggest gains and sometimes its the most unlikely ones that end up being the home runs .
The venture capital process is a long one that requires patience .
Typical hold periods are five to seven years , but they can be much longer .
A lot can change in that kind of time frame .
Over the years , I 've had three or four investments that were on deathwatch for a significant period of time only to emerge from that state and start taking off .
My favorite cliche about that kind of turnaround is :
We just went from the outhouse to the penthouse
These investments are often the most gratifying ones .
Because they require a lot of work on everyone 's part , including the VC , and because they require a committment to making the investment work that is often lacking in the venture business .
That is not to say that the VC should try resuscitation on every investment .
In fact , when something is not working and the reasons you made the investment are no longer valid , you must be able to walk away .
But some deals just take longer and need to evolve before they start working .
Knowing the difference between a failed investment and a slow starter is one of the hardest things to get right in the venture business .
It takes experience , intuition , patience , and a deep understanding of the business and the markets the portfolio company participates in .
But if you can identify the slow starter correctly and stick with it , the outcome can often be spectacular .
Going from the outhouse to the penthouse is a great thrill and I recommend that everyone do it at least once .
by peterb
We can't help it .
We 're doubly cursed : we program computers and we spent all our time in Junior High School playing D&D while you were having sloppy makeouts at the good parties we were n't invited to .
So let 's do this thing .
21 . Detect Lie Algebra ( agroce )
20 . Osterhaut 's Ostentatious Optimization ( peterb )
19 . Summon Dire Knuth ( peterb )
18 . Prismatic Assert ( peterb )
17 . Detect Dijkstra ( psu )
16 . Ready , Set , Unify ( psu )
15 . Comprehend O - Notation ( peterb )
14 . Triple Convex Hull Tanker ( psu )
13 . Patch ( peterb )
12 . Cause Carpal Tunnel Syndrome ( peterb )
11 . Cure Serious Bug ( roc )
10 . Unwind Stack ( psu )
9. Dispel Bubblesort ( jch )
8. Create Illusion ( Of Progress ) ( roc )
7. Power Word Kill - 9 ( baird )
6. Bigby 's Finger of Blame ( jch )
5. Collect Garbage ( psu )
4. Virtualize Self ( baird )
3. Polymorph Args ( baird )
2. Decompose Singular Value ( psu )
1. Tenser 's Floating Heap ( peterb )
Microsoft May Have Mistakenly Pegged Half A Million As Pirates
While false positives are less than one - half of 1 % , that adds up to a lot when you find 114 million counterfeits .
Microsoft 's anti-piracy tool has marked more than one in every five copies of Windows as bogus , the Redmond , Wash . , developer said Tuesday , while more than half a million users may have been mistakenly pegged as pirates .
As it beats the drum about the danger of pirated software , particularly Windows , prior to the release of Vista , Microsoft released some figures from its Windows Genuine Advantage program .
WGA uses software downloaded to the PC to authenticate Windows XP before allowing a user to retrieve automatic security updates and other software .
In the 30 months since WGA 's 2005 launch , 512 million have tried to validate their copy of Windows , Microsoft said .
The " non-genuine " rate , or the fraction pegged as counterfeit , stands at 22.3 % .
In other words , 114 million users who ran the audit software were labeled pirates by Microsoft .
" That 's actually lower than the piracy rate overall , " explains David Lazar , the director of Microsoft 's Genuine Windows .
Research done by the Business Software Alliance , an industry group dedicated to combating piracy , puts the global piracy rate at 35 % .
But of the 114 million told they were running phony Windows , only 56,000 filed a counterfeit report , a requirement before Microsoft will issue a free or reduced - price copy of the operating system .
" The report is what customers fill out when they feel they 've been victimized by another party , " says Lazar , who declined to specify the number of free copies of Windows the company has handed out to duped users in the last two - and - a - half years .
" That [ 56,000 ] is a very good number , and gives us a huge amount of data , " Lazar says .
Microsoft uses the information in the reports to spot dodgy system builders or patterns in piracy .
WGA has been criticized by users and some analysts for frequently getting the real versus counterfeit question wrong , mistakenly identifying valid copies as illegitimate .
Lazar acknowledged that this " false positive " rate was a burden to users and Microsoft .
" Every single [ false positive ] is a problem for the customer and for us , " he says .
Microsoft has been tight - lipped about the false positive numbers , but Tuesday Lazar said it was " less than half a percent . "
At that rate , as many as 571,000 people have been incorrectly identified as pirates .
" Our daily goal is to bring that as low as possible , " says Lazar .
" Any customer who feels that they 've been given bad information or are a victim of a false positive has every right to follow up [ with us ] to find out the reason for the failure .
In the majority of cases , we do find the reason for the failure . "
One recent enhancement meant to trim the number of false positives , says Lazar , was a November update to the WGA Notifications software , a tool that plants messages on the screen to mark Windows as fake .
The update changed how unresolved errors were tabulated .
Rather than brand systems that generated validation errors as counterfeit , they are now categorized as " unable to complete validation , " says Lazar .
Users of those PCs do not see the nag notices .
Windows Vista , which rolls out to retail next Tuesday , has its own anti-piracy tools that differ substantially from Windows XP's .
Vista , for example , renders the operating system almost inoperable -- only the Internet Explorer browser works -- if it suspects the copy is bogus .
Editor 's Note :
This story was changed on Jan. 24 to correct the number of false positives attributed to the WGA software .
We welcome your comments on this topic on our social media channels , or [ contact us directly ] with questions about the site .
Deep Fried Coke as a fair food
" fid " : " 527121 " , " viewmode " : " wysiwyg " , " fields " : " format " : " wysiwyg " , " type " : " media " , " attributes " : " alt " : " Deep Fried Coke " , " title " : " Deep Fried Coke " , " style " : " border - top - width : 2 px border - right - width : 2 px border - bottom - width : 2 px border - left - width : 2 px border - top - style : solid border - right - style : solid border - bottom - style : solid border - left - style : solid margin - left : 6 px margin - right : 6 px margin - top : 6 px margin - bottom : 6 px float : left width : 300 px height : 225 px " , " class " : " media - element file - wysiwyg " From wftv DALLAS --
There are fried Twinkies and even fried candy bars .
Now , vendor Abel Gonzales Jr. has come up with a new artery - clogging concoction for the State Fair of Texas .
It 's fried Coke .
Gonzales deep - fries Coca - Cola - flavored batter .
He then drizzles Coke fountain syrup on it .
The fried Coke is topped with whipped cream , cinnamon sugar and a cherry .
Gonzales said the fried Coke came about just from thinking aloud .
Gonzales ' diet - buster wins the creativity honor at the second - annual Big Tex Choice Awards Contest .
Judges for the contest chose Shirley London 's Fried Praline Perfection as the tastiest fried delicacy .
The two won out among 26 entries such as fried macaroni and cheese and a deep - fried cosmopolitan .
London said she came up with the fried pralines idea after buying pralines at the fair last year .
She plans to sell the pralines alongside fried marshmallows .
Gonzales achieved notoriety in 2005 with the fried peanut butter , banana , and jelly sandwich -- selling an estimated 25,000 of the treats , according to the fair 's Web site .
The site said London got media attention in 2004 with her fried marshmallows on - a - stick .
This is the same state fair that brought about the corn dog .
The Web site said Neil and Carl Fletcher conjured up a sweetened corn-battered wiener on - a - stick and sold it for 15 cents during the 1942 State Fair of Texas .
Image Credit : eatingcorner.blogspot.in
Deep Fried Coke as a fair food
Anonymous Browsing
What you do online is nobody 's business but yours .
But unfortunately , when you use the web without a proxy , spies have no trouble seeing what you 're doing -- including your ISP , the government , hackers , and anyone else who wants access to your personal data .
Using InstantUnblock.com stops spies in their tracks .
When you visit a website through our private proxy , your identity is hidden from Peeping Toms of all kinds -- so your private browsing stays private .
&lt ; br >
voila
emulated
I 'm cured !
In the past , I 've griped about my Windows XP machine and how I sat and stared with envy at those with their sleek Apple iMacs , but I think that 's over .
For a while .
Until I get sick of Windows again .
Yesterday , I was fed up .
Last year , I spent some decent coin on a Dell so that I could edit videos .
Nothing fancy , just stuff for YouTube .
You know , messin ' around .
My experience with my Dell has been less than stellar .
There was a problem where I could n't play back DVDs because it shipped with an outdated or screwed up video codec .
I 'm not sure which , because even after 20 hours on the phone with some dude in India named " Larry " , we never got to the bottom of the problem .
In fact , it sorta fixed itself , but I have no idea how .
This has not been the only problem ( of course ) .
My DVD drive likes to disappear sometimes .
That 's right .
It uninstalls itself .
Then it comes back .
Perhaps it is moonlighting as someone else 's DVD drive for extra cash ?
I do n't know .
It 's pointless for me to list all the annoying things about living with a Windows machine , we already know what they are .
Needless to say , I 've looked to people with Macs , with their great hardware / software integration , with a mixture of awe and jealousy .
So this takes me to yesterday .
Frustrated at the lack of control in Windows Movie Maker , I dreamed lazily about the blissful nirvana of iMovie .
It looked so easy and elegant !
" Screw it , I 'll get one ! " , I thought .
Luckily , cooler heads prevailed and I realized I should probably try one out first , before plunking down all that money on something I would be stuck with for years .
I asked around and my friend Jake was nice enough to lend me his black MacBook for a very reasonable sum .
I went over and got it and instantly started playing around on it .
" This is great ! " , was my reaction .
Everything was so shiny and new .
You moved the mouse around and things popped up and animated themselves .
I was impressed .
I took it home and jumped right in .
I plugged in my video camera , fired up iMovie and !
It started digitizing right away !
I was very impressed with this .
My camera is a little tricky .
It 's a cheaper Sony Handycam and it does not play well with most video editing software .
Getting it to work well with Movie Maker was no easy task .
iMovie was another story .
As I began to work with my video clips within the program , I started to have vague recollections of my brief Mac experiences from the past .
I hate the way the mouse moves .
Please do n't send me an angry letter explaining how I am an idiot and that acceleration lets users have more precise control of the mouse , blah blah blah .
I do n't like it .
In fact , I hate it .
It might seem like a nitpicky point , but it 's the way you interact with the computer .
Everything else starts with that .
If you 're not happy at the start , how can anything after that be any good ?
I called my friend and asked him how to turn off the acceleration .
The short answer is : you can't .
You used to be able to , I remember it .
The nice folks at Apple have decided that you should n't , so that 's that .
Which leads me to my big gripe :
They know what 's best for you .
Just like every Mac FanBoy who is penning his hatemail right now while you read this sentence , Apple is so convinced that they have " the right way " to do things , they remove your choice to disagree .
Now , Jake was nice enough to find me an application on a website that would turn off the acceleration , except that it did n't .
It added a layer of software to the mouse 's own way of doing things thatnon - accelerated movement .
What ??
As you can guess , it did n't work too well .
If you do n't know what I 'm talking about , let me explain :
On a PC , when you move your mouse , the movement on the screen is roughly equivalent to this in a linear fashion .
If I move my mouse 1 inch , my cursor on screen it moves about 5 .
If I move it two , then the cursor moves 10 .
This does not change with the speed of my movement , it just takes less time to do it .
On a Mac , if you move your mouse slowly 1 inch , it will only move maybe 1 or 2 inches .
But , if you move your mouse quickly over that same 1 inch , it will cover much more ground because it has been accelerated .
I am told that this is helpful for people who need precise control over small details , people who edit photos professionally , for example .
I like the PC way .
On my computer , if I want my mouse to accelerate , I can turn that feature on .
Why is n't it the other way around ?
So I was already frustrated when I started getting a headache .
I do n't have the greatest vision and the MacBook comes with a pretty high resolution on a smallish 13 inch screen .
This means text appears pretty small .
I opened a help window in iMovie and had to struggle to read it .
The window was very small .
I tried to resize it , but the little policeman inside would n't let me do it .
I went to change the font size and this worked ; the letters got bigger .
But the window stayed the same size and I had to scroll back and forth to read each sentence .
This is when I gave up !
Yes , I am a baby .
But I spend a lot of time on my computer and I like things to be the way I want them .
My friend has offered to come over and help me customize things to my liking , but I think it 's gonna take me a few days before I can even look at that thing again ( the computer , not my friend ) .
It gives me knots in my stomach .
Does anyone have any advice for living with a Mac ?
I do n't want to give up on this thing .
Am I going to have to pay 20 dollars to buy some shareware to " fix " this problem with the mouse ?
Is there a way to resize the help window that I do n't know about ?
I would have looked in the help files , but as I had no way to resize them , the thought of all that frustration sent me back to my Dell .
I have a sinking feeling that this kind of " we know what 's best for you " control that they exercise over you at every step of the way is exactly what makes them work so well .
They do n't let hardware manufacturers do what they want either , everything has to be to their exact specifications , which is why when you plug in a camcorder , your clips download into your computer perfectly .
But does it really screw anything up if they just let me use my mouse in a normal , intuitive fashion ?
Can't I have a program take up the whole screen if I want to ?
Am I just wildly ignorant of how these things work ?
Is there a simple solution for all these ( admittedly minor ) quibbles ?
I want a computer that has useful software that works well and can get things done right out of the box .
That is what drew me to the Mac .
But I also need a computer I can live with , that does n't drive me crazy with its quirks , which is why , for now , I am sticking with my PC .
One of the best examples of post - World War II social guidance films , with examples of " good " and " bad " girls , proper and improper dating etiquette , courtesy to parents , and an analysis of what makes some people popular and others not .
A scream and a sobering document of postwar conformity .
Director : Ted Peshak .
Cinematography : Bill Rockar .
Writers : Robert Chapin and Patricia Kealy .
Editor : George Wilbern .
Educational adviser : Dr. Alice Sowers , Director , Family Life Institute of the University of Oklahoma .
With Marilyn Fisher ( Caroline Ames ) ; Marilyn Fisher 's mother ( Mrs. Ames ) ; Bill Fein ( Larry ) ; Bunny Catcher ( Ellie ) ; Lester Podewell ( Mr. Ames ) ; Shaya Nash ( Ginny ) and David Whitehouse ( Boy at Lunch Table ) .
DRAMATIZES BEHAVIOR OF TWO TEEN - AGERS TO ILLUSTRATE CHARACTERISTICS OF PERSONALITY WHICH LEAD TO POPULARITY & SUCCESS IN DATING .
CONTRASTS CAROLYN , ATTRACTIVE NEWCOMER IN HIGH SCHOOL , WITH GINNY , WHO IS WILLING TO DATE ALL THE BOYS BUT IS UNPOPULAR WITH BOTH BOYS & GIRLS .
SHOWS HOW CAROLYN & WALLY ARE CAREFUL OF THEIR APPEARANCE , POLITE , CONSIDERATE IN ARRANGING DATES , ETC .
As World War II ended , the wars at home began .
It was time for women to yield their wartime jobs to men , for cities to stagnate and suburbs to blossom , for wartime friends of Russia to turn their backs on communism , and for kids to be kids again .
As elsewhere in the world , American youth bore the brunt of the nation 's wartime social problems .
While parents were shipped overseas or worked long hours in defense plants , kids were often left to shift for themselves .
Many dropped out of school and took factory jobs themselves .
Juvenile crime and delinquency increased dramatically and was publicized as a major social problem .
Teenagers indulged in considerable sexual self - expression and made headlines for doing so , especially the " Victory Girls " who slept with servicemen .
Finally , a feeling swept the country of the young that nothing mattered , that there was no future worth living for .
The state of America 's families and youth was watched closely during the war by professional observers : sociologists , educators , psychologists , criminologists and the anthropologist Margaret Mead .
Books and journals of the period were filled with musings , plans and recommendations .
Many people were anxious to avoid the kind of social disintegration that World War I was said to have created Ñ a Twenties - type " lost generation " of hedonistic , sexually expressive , alcoholic nihilists .
This worry was met with a nationwide behavior offensive aiming to restore family values through education and training .
Between 1945 and 1960 , hundreds of films dealing with family dynamics , social guidance , etiquette and manners , behavior , child and adolescent development were produced for the educational film market .
The films on this disc , selected from over 200 such films held in the Prelinger Archives , express both the substance and flavor of this social crusade .
Although in some respects the authorities behind these films really did seek to make the nation a better place for children to live , there were limits to their vision .
Required to produce product that would n't offend educators or parents in any state , they constructed an all - Caucasian world where women and men underwent a continual learning process as to their appropriate position in society .
And even though some parents and children in these films seem to be working - class , the setting , values and aspirations are almost universally suburban middle - or upper - middle class .
Even the fearful Fifties was n't nearly as quiet as these films make it out to be .
So although these films appear to be fascinating evidence as to how things were , the evidence is deeply flawed .
It 's helpful to remember that ephemeral films can't really be called documentaries ; they picture a world that never really existed , a vision of how their makers saw the world and how they wanted this world to be .
However dated , reactionary and even ridiculous some of these films may seem today , their guiding impulses were often well - motivated and idealistic .
The end of the war climaxed a long period of social stresses in the United States : the massive familial and personal disruptions caused by the war had been preceded by twelve years of economic depression , which themselves were preceded by the turbulent Twenties , a time of economic boom for a relatively small number of people .
Perhaps some of the extremes in these films can be understood in the context of one great and not - so - hidden fear : had the American family become an obsolete relic ?
Even though films like Are You Popular ?
are some of the funniest artifacts of postwar times , they reveal a world in which few turn - of - the - century beings like us could survive .
There seems to be no room for unconventional or unusual behavior .
Ruthless cliques govern lunchrooms , extracurricular activities and social gathering spots .
Women ( who are portrayed as princesses or sluts ) ÒrepayÓ boys with milk and cookies for entertaining them , and are complimented on their observance of social graces .
ÒLook at you , all ready and right on time too ; that Õs a good deal , Ó says Wally to Caroline .
Even Caroline 's friendly parents seem condemned to a life sentence of introductions , evening newspapers and " tricking " one another to go out to dinner .
Despite its engaging , almost " interactive " title ( recalling many other educational films like Are You a Good Citizen ? , Am I Trustworthy ? and Are You Ready for Marriage ? ) this film is about much more than popularity , and that 's what makes it a candidate for the mid-century time capsule .
In just ten minutes , this little film touches on sexual mores , appropriate limits of female behavior , cliques and in - groups ( the " Heathers " syndrome ) , telephone and date etiquette for girls and boys , kinship and the distribution of power within the family , the evils of going steady , and the importance of good physical hygiene .
It also offers subtle hints on how to suck up to parents and presents many well - crafted vignettes on daily life in middle - class suburbia .
Like many utopias , Are You Popular ?
is not constructed in depth ; it has the subtlety and detail of a textbook illustration Ñ one might call it low - budget ( or maybe low - resolution ) realism .
It takes place neither in schools nor houses , but on a set built in the Coronet studios located on the Glenview , Illinois estate of company head David A. Smart .
The backgrounds are simple so as not to detract from the narrative .
The actors are neither too attractive nor too ungainly , encouraging all audience members to identify with their personae .
Another subtle touch of realism : Caroline and her mother are , in fact , a real mother and daughter .
Are You Popular ? was an early Coronet dramatic production and despite the characteristic Coronet flatness and simplicity turned into a budget fiasco , largely because it was shot over a longer period of time .
No subsequent Coronet production took as long to shoot .
Are You Popular ?
presented a complete story with beginning , middle and end , all within ten minutes .
From its beginnings , Coronet made these little narratives much more frequently than other producers , enlivening such banal subjects as making change for a dollar , writing better business letters and safe use of tools .
This particular film was such a success that it was remade with almost exactly the same script in 1957 , using new and updated actors and sets .
Of this film , Educational Screen ( May 1948 ) said , ÒA subtle and skillfully - arranged presentation of many details which , taken together , go a long way in determining a personÕs popularity , this film should be invaluable for stimulating discussion , as well as for presenting information .
It could well be used with student groups on the junior and senior high school levels and with parent groups as a basis for discussion programs of several types .
Both Caroline and Wally present excellent examples of good grooming , good posture , interest in and consideration for others , good manners both in public and in the privacy of their homes , regard for their parents , well - modulated voices , promptness , and foresight in making arrangements .
The cast is well chosen , and the photography and sound are good . Ó
Ken Smith sez :
One of THE classic boy - dates - girl films .
Caroline Ames is popular with the gang because " they 've heard no scandal about her . "
" Ginny , " on the other hand , " a crude looking and acting girl , " messes around and is shunned by the hypocritical and elitist teens .
" Girls who park in cars are not really popular , " explains the narrator .
Wally Johnson asks Caroline out for a date ( Teen Town or weenie roast ? ) and we quickly understand why teens of their type deserve all the happiness and respect the post - war world can muster .
" He is proud to be with Caroline because she looks well . "
An exceptionally entertaining film .
The " weenie roast " also plays a pivotal role in What To Do On A Date .
The Educational Screen teacher evaluation committee praised Caroline and Wally : " Both present excellent examples of good grooming , good posture , interest in and consideration for others , good manners both in public and in the privacy of their homes , regard for their parents , well - modulated voices , promptness , and foresight in making arrangements . "
This film cost Coronet $ 11,000 to make , which brought the wrath of upper management down on Coronet 's production team .
It was remade ( for $ 1,000 ) in 1958 .
HIGH SCHOOL ADOLESCENTS TEENAGERS BOYS GIRLS MEN WOMEN SOCIAL GUIDANCE DATING GOING STEADY APPEARANCE DATES TELEPHONES MANNERS PARENTS HOUSES HOMES INTERIORS RECREATION POPULARITY LUNCHROOMS FOOD SEXUAL SOCIAL BEHAVIOR POPULARITY DATING PERSONALITY
< BR >
plus -circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer : sunsun333 - favorite favorite - May 4 , 2020
Subject : is this ok yes it was a good short film but i felt that it was a bit sexist therefor unfair to women , it is my belief that women should not be objectified and for some reason these people think that its ok .
i hope that this has not offended anyone , also back in those time feminism and womens rights were not a big thing and although this is what is shown i like that they base this around fitting in .
again this is just my personal opinion have a good time on this website it is awsome .
bye
- May 4 , 2020 is this ok
Reviewer : Death_to_Commies - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - November 12 , 2018
Subject : I 'd hit Ginny
There 's nothing wrong with a girl who likes to have a good time ... - November 12 , 2018 I 'd hit Ginny
Reviewer : dahszil - favorite favorite favorite - August 12 , 2015
Subject : I am getting flashbacks , help !!
All this busy floral wallpaper !
When my ex got ocd about wallpapering , every wall in the house was covered even the ceilings !
A person 's eyes need some place , some off white or pastel even on just a ceiling to gaze and relax .
that floral on the ceiling was like having a bad acid trip .
SCREAM !!!
' I need a valium as big as a hockey puck ! ' apologies to woody allen , for using one of his lines from " broadway danny rose " .
- August 12 , 2015I am getting flashbacks , help !!
Reviewer : ERD . - favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 11 , 2015
Subject :
Not so bad standards
Basically , I like what the film says .
I think all teenagers in this country could get something out of it during that era .
- August 11 , 2015
Not so bad standards
Reviewer : JayKay49 - favorite favorite favorite favorite - September 25 , 2014
Subject : Don ' tWaste Your Dime .
Call Jenny
My older cousin was " poplar " in fact not too long after the time this movie was made
As a result she was sent to that place in Alma for 6 months where she learned how to make wallets and stuff out of popsicle sticks while waiting for delivery time .
And BTW she never got called for a date until about 4 PM on Saturday and it never fazed her .
And she always had a date .
( One wonders why )
Anyway , moral of the story : use that dime to call Jenny .
- September 25 , 2014Don ' tWaste Your Dime .
Call Jenny
Reviewer : Dwight Fry - favorite favorite - July 4 , 2011
Subject : thomwithanh : By 1947 's standards too .
Only these kinds of " educational " films tried , mostly unsuccessfully , to con the youth into believing that polite behavior and overall clean niceness were the key to popularity .
As opposed to how things work in real life .
- July 4 , 2011 thomwithanh : By 1947 's standards too .
Reviewer : thomwithanh - favorite favorite favorite - December 26 , 2010
Subject : Ginny dates ALL the boys
By today 's standards she'd be quite popular ... priceless !
- December 26 , 2010
Ginny dates ALL the boys
Reviewer : doowopbob - favorite - May 9 , 2010
Subject : .... Were You ... .... Popular ..?... Damm Skippy , If You Put Out ..!.. - May 9 , 2010 .... Were You ...
Reviewer : PsychicWhoosh - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 21 , 2010
Subject : " Are You Popular ? " as Directed by David Lynch When Jerry is rejected by Carolyn , he begins obsessively stalking her .
Following her one night as she leaves the malt shop , Jerry discovers Carolyn leads a double life as a bondage model in underground stag films .
The films are produced by a lowlife criminal bunch , including a speech impaired director with a fetish for neck braces and a sadistic dwarf wielding a riding crop .
Equally repelled and aroused by Carolyn's secret life , Jerry takes loose and easy Jennie out one night and pressures her into playing bondage games with him .
When she cries and begs him to untie her , Jerry is disgusted with himself .
After Carolyn fails to appear at school one day Jerry tells
Wally about his girlfriend 's secret and the two resolve to rescue her from the illicit studio where they are sure she is being held against her will .
After a surreal and bloody confrontation in a room full of disfigured mannequins the main villains are dead as is Wally .
Due to reports of gunshots in the area , the police arrive to find Jerry and Carolyn shaken but still alive .
Carolyn tells them that the bad guys blackmailed her into doing the movies , but it is clear to Jerry , when he looks in her eyes , that she loved it .
Everyone thinks she is such a good girl , but underneath the wholesome facade , her sexual desires run very dark .
- February 21 , 2010 " Are You Popular ? " as Directed by David Lynch
Reviewer : bestpbx - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - April 24 , 2009
Subject :
Ten years later they are all married and their husbands are still parkin ' with Jennie .
- April 24 , 2009
Ten years later
Reviewer : dsmki84 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - April 22 , 2009
Subject : Neat I love the clear and gentle manner of speaking in old films like this .
- April 22 , 2009
Neat
Reviewer : Gnillob802 - favorite favorite favorite favorite - April 8 , 2009
Subject :
What about later ?
This does n't say weather he 's going to get any sex from her .
- April 8 , 2009
What about later ?
Reviewer : BondoFox - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 19 , 2009
Subject : Reviewing the Reviewers
The great thing about guys like Big Boomer is they never know just WTF they 're talking about , or how to keep on a topic .
This film was aces , I agree with everthing BB said in the beginning .
How he got to " propaganda film " and " morality scare tactics " is beyond me .
This was a simple education film aimed at boys -- most of whom are too scared to ask a girl out or know how to do it properly -- on the proper way to ask a girl out .
Good manners , respect to her parents , respect to * her* , and self - assuredness .
How BB managed to misinterpret all that is anyone 's guess .
The * film * -- wish we could run it now to the same target age group and have it accepted the way it was then .
- February 19 , 2009 Reviewing the Reviewers
Reviewer : Big Boomer - favorite favorite favorite favorite - April 20 , 2008
Subject : Are You Popular ?
A good film to see mid-1950s mores .
Also , dress styles and hair styles of the time .
As usual , the producers hired older actors to play the juvenile roles and that is another characteristic of the era .
These films reveal a lot about the fears of the parent generation ( children of the Depression ) .
The obvious propaganda techniques used here with props , actors , and morality scare tactics are still with us today in many of the Christian evangelical films promoting abstinence .
The more times change the less they change ... - April 20 , 2008 Are You Popular ?
Reviewer : Robin_1990 - - April 14 , 2008
Subject : Today 's World is Perfect
My sister has anorexia thanks to today 's perfect world , and she cuts herself .
My dad has a dead - end job since he 's over 40 .
My other sister is extremely underweight .
I dropped out of school at age 13 .
The only reason I do n't commit suicide is because I love my cat , who will die in a few days .
I tried listening to the radio , But all I hear is emo .
Yes , Today 's world is perfect !
- April 14 , 2008 Today 's World is Perfect
Reviewer : goth_Snob - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - May 31 , 2007
Subject : Conform...conform....conform ....
So in order to be popular you must -
- be pretty
- not park in cars with boys ( because it makes them feel less important when they find out they are n't the only one - notice how the boys are n't ostracized for this ? )
- be as interested in girls as in boys ( LOL ! )
Scary .... but great MST3K material goth_Snob -- May 31 , 2007Conform...conform....conform ....
Reviewer : Hello , MyNameIsDavid - favorite favorite favorite - May 10 , 2007
Subject : scarf
She said she forgot her scarf , but then she came down with a pair of gloves , very surreal .
- May 10 , 2007scarf
Reviewer : abbey_rodent - favorite favorite favorite favorite - November 24 , 2006
Subject : Good Girls Dont ... Have Fun God these Good Girls get me hot !
- November 24 , 2006 Good Girls Dont ... Have Fun
Reviewer : schadenfreude88 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - September 20 , 2006
Subject : Just brownies ?
After Wally blows his allowance on skating and a weenie roast all he gets is brownies and milk ?
How times have changed .
Wally could have just parked with Jenny and cut right to the action .
This is another one of those " Why Did They Make This Film ? " films .
Who knows ?
Maybe they should have showed it in Columbine .
High nostalgia factor and fun to watch .
- September 20 , 2006Just brownies ?
Reviewer : BillyPilgrim - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 30 , 2006
Subject : Bwahahaha
No wonder I was never popular .
I spent too much time on the phone !
- August 30 , 2006 B wahahaha
Reviewer : Marysz - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - March 26 , 2006
Subject : Girls and the double standard ÃÂÃÂLetÃÂÃÂs see what makes people like one person and not another , " says the narrator we see a high school cafeteria .
ÃÂÃÂThis film is not about what makes ÃÂÃÂpeopleÃÂÃÂ popular , itÃÂÃÂs about what makes girls popular .
First , we meet Ginny : ÃÂÃÂGinny thinks she has found the keys to popularity , parking in cars with boys at night .
ÃÂÃÂ However , GinnyÃÂÃÂs got it all wrong .
ÃÂÃÂNo , girls who park in cars are not really popular , not even with the boys they park with .
ÃÂÃÂ
We then meet a ÃÂÃÂniceÃÂÃÂ girl , Caroline Ames , who demonstrates the appropriate behavior that leads to a girlÃÂÃÂs popularity .
What makes a girl popular ?
ÃÂÃÂ . . . is it because they like the way she looks and dresses ?
Is it because she seems as interested in girls as in boys ?
Because theyÃÂÃÂve heard no scandal about her ?
ÃÂÃÂ
The film shows how fragile a girlÃÂÃÂs reputation is and how much work she and her parents , especially her mother , have to do to maintain it .
The film stresses girlsÃÂÃÂ friendships with each other as a way of monitoring the acceptability of each otherÃÂÃÂs behavior .
Caroline puts a lot of behind the scenes work into being popular .
She keeps a date book so sheÃÂÃÂll ÃÂÃÂnever have the embarrassment of forgetting a date or being ready an hour too late !
ÃÂÃÂ ItÃÂÃÂs also a place for her to make a note to ÃÂÃÂdo hair and nails .
ÃÂÃÂ
Good grooming is essential to a girlÃÂÃÂs popularity ( weÃÂÃÂve already seen poor , sloppy looking Ginnie ) .
CarolineÃÂÃÂs mom makes fresh brownies and leaves milk in the icebox so Caroline and her date , Wally can have a snack after ice skating .
But what ever happened to Ginnie ?
She probably wasnÃÂÃÂt lucky enough to have a vigilant mother who keeps the house stocked with milk and brownies or a best friend to give her dating tips and a manicure .
After sheÃÂÃÂs shunned in the school lunchroom we never see her again .
Life didnÃÂÃÂt hold many possibilities for girls like Ginny in 1947 , when this film was made .
- March 26 , 2006
Girls and the double standard
Reviewer : Lindiglo - favorite favorite favorite favorite - March 9 , 2006
Subject :
Well , after the weenie roast , you kind of owe it to him .
" Caroline and her mother had found one way a girl can repay a boy for entertaining her [...] perhaps they could bring another couple home with them .
That would be fun . " - March 9 , 2006
Well , after the weenie roast , you kind of owe it to him .
Reviewer : boriÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂ±o - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 15 , 2006
Subject : funny !
Wow , there really used to be people wearing earmuffs ?
Great piece of movie though !
boriÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂ±o -- January 15 , 2006 funny !
Reviewer : scarletbegonias1991 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - November 25 , 2005
Subject : sigh .
Wow .
thank god for the sexual revolution ..
I love you beatnicks and hippies !!!
This movie was a hoot and a half !
Watch it before things turn back into this crazy stereotype and we really do watch this in school .
- November 25 , 2005 sigh .
Reviewer : mindrec - favorite favorite favorite favorite - October 7 , 2005
Subject : Good Girls ?
There is a new PIMP book out where the men are TRICKS if trying to corrupt women with money and the girls are 50 dollar DATES .
Films like this where good girls are popular and boys act like geeks may soon come back into fashion !
- October 7 , 2005 Good Girls ?
Reviewer : gratefuldennis - favorite - October 5 , 2005
Subject : snobs I was raised with all these weirdo films .
Thank God some broke out with the League for Sexual Freedom in the early sixties , and later with hippies and Bezerkley radicals .
Some thanks to the early beats that began rejecting the ÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂLittle
BoxesÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂ of the suburbs ( Melvina Reynolds song ) .
The thing I really tripped on was this guy that parked with the unpopular gal still got to hang out with the in crowd that will later wind up with three kids and Prozac .
After he blabbed to all his friends about parking with her , which is probably the closest he has ever been to a gal , they snubbed her but kept him .
ItÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂs
the old guy screws girl he is a man but girl screws guy she is a tramp thing .
Sadly this is still around today .
I hate to see young gals feel bad about their self because of how some ignorant young guys treat them .
Some older men also are just idiots .
And dudes because a gal parks with you she might change her mind , no means no .
The unpopular gal can sit at my lunch table anytime ; she is probably more interesting to talk to not having such a Disneyland mentality .
- October 5 , 2005snobs
Reviewer : ERD - favorite favorite favorite favorite - October 4 , 2005
Subject : Cute for its time A cute nostalgic little film .
This was some of the middle class standards of the times .
That is almost 60 years ago .
Some things made sense , others things seem archaic when compared to our times .
- October 4 , 2005 Cute for its time
Reviewer : Bloodyone - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 16 , 2005
Subject : I re-edited this video
Unfortunately , I lost all of the Adobe Premiere previews , and only have a Real Media version left -- it's on this site :
http://www.cultmovie.com/music/
Scroll down to Parking In Cars With Boys -- I promise you nothing but * chuckles *
I am tired of social stereotypes -- even when they come from generations ago .
So I re-edited this video .
Made it a little more * up - to - date * .
Unfortunately , I lost all of the Adobe Premiere previews , and only have a Real Media version left -- it's on this site : Scroll down to Parking In Cars With Boys -- I promise you nothing but * chuckles * - August 16 , 2005I re-edited this video
Reviewer : Ja30 fitz - favorite favorite favorite favorite - July 24 , 2005
Subject : Do n't Be Like Jenny !
This was one of the first movies that I saw from this website , and it is still among my favorites .
The " weenie roast " and " likes girls and boys equally " parts are truly the best , and Jerry 's pessimistic friend is hilarious !
The one gripe I have with this film is its sound quality , the volume is not nearly as loud as it is in several other films found on this site , and it can be difficult to hear at times .
- July 24 , 2005 Do n't Be Like Jenny !
Reviewer : nc17 - favorite favorite favorite favorite - June 5 , 2005
Subject : maybe they couldnt bring another couple home with them !
wouldnt that be fun !
i love these old films , no racial diversity .
ugly girls are sluts and the aryan girls are always good .
the only good points it had came at the end .
honestly , it was quiet sensible what it had to say about dealing with a girls parents and how they deal with you .
dating a girl means youre going to meet her 'rents .
for me thats almost always akward , and they usually like me even !
overall , very funny .
and as a plus , also useful at parts .
( a shocker i know ) - June 5 , 2005 maybe they couldnt bring another couple home with them !
Reviewer : Frinkiac7 - favorite favorite favorite favorite - May 22 , 2005
Subject : Missing a few unwritten rules Wait ... the girl who doesnt know anything about " props " is popular ?
No wonder he didnt ask her to park in cars .
She was wise to make a note to do her hair & nails , but how would she remember her make - up & clothes ?
Every little detail is of utmost importance when considering popularity .
Girls who leave boys alone with her parents before even their first date while they " forget " something upstairs are always the first to be asked out again .
- May 22 , 2005 Missing a few unwritten rules
Reviewer : Karma Hawk - favorite favorite favorite - March 22 , 2005
Subject : Golly that movie sure was swell
This movie is a dating etiquit film , that features two boys trying to date a girl that they both like , one succeeds in getting the girl to date him and the other does n't .
The most remarkable thing about this movie is that the girl suggest to the other guy that they should date at a later time , which would almost be unheard of today .
Thiers a lot of corny lines ( they go to a skateboarding party and a " weinie roast ) and everybody is really chipper .
Another reviewer said that it 's like a Leave it to Beaver episode and I would have to agree .
Unlike a lot of the films in this genre the narrator does n't play that big a role in this film , he pops in to explains what needs to be explained and then dissapears .
Overall a good film but nothing extraordinary .
- March 22 , 2005
Golly that movie sure was swell
Reviewer : Blackwater - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 18 , 2005
Subject : Watch for Double Entendres Maybe I 'm just a pervert , but from the moment the narrator said
" Is it because she 's as interested in girls as in boys ? "
I just lost it .
Practically every line sent me into a new fit of laughter .
This film is comedy gold .
So , in summary , the keys to popularity are :
- Do n't be a skank
- Never talk on the phone for more than 5 minutes
- Obey your parents
- And be certain to get in good with the theatre geeks
Hey , worked for me .... - February 18 , 2005 Watch for Double Entendres
Reviewer : waterglass - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 23 , 2005
Subject : Weenie roast r us .
Caroline is so sexy I can barely contain myself .
This is quality stuff .
- January 23 , 2005
Weenie roast r us .
Reviewer : MediaWhore - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - December 1 , 2004
Subject : Skating Party & Weenie Roast
This instruuctional film explores thr proper dating etiquette surronding teen dating in the 1940's .
One character Jenny thinks she has the key to popularity by parking in cars with boys at night , meanwhile all the boys at school talk behind her back about how easy she is .
This film is an excellent social commentary for it 's time and believe it or not some of it 's rules still apply today .
- December 1 , 2004 Skating Party & Weenie Roast
Reviewer : Borogove - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 8 , 2004
Subject : Strangely Enough ...
Though this film tries to depict Ginnie as rather unbecoming , the effect we really get is more of her being a bit overly boisterous and like Fran from The Nanny ; she does thank Wally and ask him how his work on the play is doing , so she is polite .
Overall , after watching her talk and leave to the group and seeing their reactions , you get the feeling that the people at the table are really a clique , and that their later inclusion of Caroline and rejection of Ginnie are really manifestations of their social power .
- August 8 , 2004 Strangely Enough ...
Reviewer : Fma42081 - favorite favorite - July 19 , 2004
Subject : Interesting Take On Popularity Gee Wizz
That was a swell Film lol
There are a few things i would like to point out in this film
1 . I dont know about yall but in my school the situation was reversed insted of the clean wholesome family christian girl it was the sluts that parked in cars with boys that were the popular ones lol
2. everyone in that movie was really really realllllly Happy !
it was like watching a leave it to beaver episode .
3.and lastely what does this film say to the world ... it says that in todays high tech world of the 21st century the world has come full circle and the roles reversed and now sadly its the tramps that park in cars that are the popular ones and the poor honest clean girls that are the lonely ones .. lol - July 19 , 2004 Interesting Take On Popularity
Reviewer : PCinoPunk - favorite favorite - April 15 , 2004
Subject : I wanna be a Coronet Film WhatÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂs with Caroline writing a notation in her
date calendar , ÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂDo hair and nailsÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂ !
DonÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂt we
all do our hair and nails before a date and a weenie roast ?
There , I feel much better now .
- April 15 , 2004I wanna be a Coronet Film
Reviewer : deeswan - favorite favorite favorite favorite - April 2 , 2004
Subject :
Are you popular
This is really s great period piece .
I guess that after 20 years of ruinous depression , red threats and apocalyptic war , the idea of a life that is safe , comfortable , where your son does n't have to march off to Anzio and where everything is predictable must have seemed pretty appealing .
This treatise on teen dating is a great example of how to keep the kids skating on thick ice .
This came from an Oklahoma that has snow and skating rinks , where it is winter but bright and sunny at 5:00 ( see the clock when they leave for the date ) , where all Dad needs to be happy is a good suit and his newspaper and where all Mom needs is a nice skirt and for Dad to be happy with his newspaper .
While its true that this conformism is more communistic than communism , remember that in 1947 the Bolsheviks were living with purges , labor camps and 20 million dead from WWII .
They could have only fantasized about this kind of domestic tranquility .
- April 2 , 2004
Are you popular
Reviewer : Government_human - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - March 27 , 2004
Subject : I 'm so glad I was n't born then I think I have said this before .
These films are just propaganda , to make people soical robots at the time .
Speaking of a rose colored non existent world .
If anything they are not speaking of freedom , but are more Communist , by telling people to think and act the same .
That each of us have a role to fill and be happy with what you do .
They sure to pose a double stardard .
Also , prove popular groups can be troubling with peer pressure to be cool .
They cover all this up with unreal inocents .
My grandmother was a popular kid during this time .
You know what that lead to ?
Her getting pregent before the end of her senior year of high school .
But they covered it up , because she got married within the same week .
- March 27 , 2004I 'm so glad I was n't born then
Reviewer : cahowser - favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 23 , 2004
Subject : Thanks
This is priceless and I wish I had the sense of irony in school as I do now .
My 6 yr old is worried about popularity .... thanks for this film , it 's awesome !
- February 23 , 2004
Thanks
Reviewer : kurt stem - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - October 14 , 2003
Subject : Two couples , heeeeyaaa !
Great flick , really liked it .
Just what kids would need today
instead of hip - hop , semiautomatics and free - base .
I just wonder what they were going to do with the
other couple they might take home after the date ?
No groupsex I hope ?
a double sandwich ?
Yikes !
- October 14 , 2003
Two couples , heeeeyaaa !
Reviewer : dynayellow - favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 15 , 2003
Subject : Use 'em and throw 'em away !
Between the comments that Caroline " seems as interested in girls as well as boys , " and her parents inviting other kids over after the party , this film is a hoot .
Bonus points for enforcing the idea that a girl should be ostracized for parking with boys , but not the boys themselves .
- August 15 , 2003 Use 'em and throw 'em away !
Reviewer : Rick Prelinger - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - July 24 , 2003
Subject : Tired of this film I 'm kind of tired of this film , but it 's definitely the quintessential social guidance film and deserves wide circulation .
I 've seen it so many times , though , that I can't program it when I do screenings .
It was originally produced in Kodachrome -- anyone have a nice color print they 'd like to let us transfer and digitize for the site ?
- July 24 , 2003 Tired of this film
Reviewer : oldguy - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - July 7 , 2003
Subject :
This is what the world needs today
This is an excellent film teaching some basic manners .
While the film is old , the message is timeless : be polite , courteous , and respectful ( of yourself as well as others ) and the world will be a better place for everyone .
Films like these should be shown in schools today .
- July 7 , 2003
This is what the world needs today
Reviewer : scottpeshak - favorite favorite favorite favorite - June 4 , 2003
Subject : Even funnier for me ...
Like the others that have written reviews I too think that this little film is extreamly funny .
Who would n't love a good weenie roast !?!?
But what really put it over the top for me is that I 'm somehow ( my father explained it , do n't really remember ) related to the director of this fine specimen .
- June 4 , 2003
Even funnier for me ...
Reviewer : Psychaos - favorite favorite favorite - May 28 , 2003
Subject : Originality : Who Needs It ?
This movie , as is said in it 's description , is a perfect example of post - war comformity .
It shows us exactly how to behave , leaving no room for creative thought .
I think that 's the key to creating a perfect society .
If no one thinks for themselves , no one will cause problems , and we can all work together with essentially the same mind to acheive all our goals , which should all be the same .
If it were n't for this movie , I would probably still be of the lesser opinion that creativity , originality and freedom of speech are valuable .
But in truth , they are not .
This movie helped show me the way , the true truth .
It describes what makes one persons good and another bad .
It leaves no room for contemplation or decision , and I believe that is completely necessary .
If we were to distinguish for ourselves between good and evil where would be ?
Nowhere , thats where .
So I think that proves that we should all be TOLD what to think instead of actually thinking it .
This movie is about a boy who likes some weird girl a long time ago , and it does n't really matter anymore , cuz this all happened in a fictitious video more than 50 years ago .
I 'll describe it anyways though .
The guy phones the girl with the weird phones from a long time ago , and asks her out on a date in advance , so she has time to prepare .
He follows perfect etiquette layed out by the movie , and sets standards that stil should exist today .
Also , we should have similar standards for everything .
If you want a truly eye - opening experience , watch this revolutionary film .
Since this video was the essential reason I 've changed my entire life , I 'll give it 3 stars .
- May 28 , 2003 Originality : Who Needs It ?
Reviewer : Verdant Greene - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - May 26 , 2003
Subject : Unintentionally hilarious " No , girls who park in cars are not really popular .
Not even with the boys they park with . "
" Now , why do they invite Carolyn to join their group ?
Is it because she seems as interested in girls as in boys ? "
These quotes pretty much say it all .
Hilarious , definitely worth watching .
If you 've ever wondered why there was a counter - culture revolution in the 60's , you only need to watch this film to see why it was necessary .
- May 26 , 2003 Unintentionally hilarious
Reviewer : organon - favorite favorite favorite - February 23 , 2003
Subject : Awwww ....
It ended all too soon !
I was really curious about the weenie roast .
Despite its artificiality and idiotic simplicity , this was a sweet flick .
I mean , it 's OK to be nice , polite , considerate , and well - spoken .
Is n't it ?
It 's not meant to portray real life .
It 's meant to illustrate desirable social characteristics .
Such things still exist , and we all enjoy polite , considerate interaction with others .
Especially when , like Carolyn , we are interacting with people we do n't yet know well .
A film or two on manners and social skills could n't hurt today 's classrooms , either .
It does n't have to be conformist propoganda .
We can say that it 's OK to be nice .
- February 23 , 2003 Awwww ....
Reviewer : Spuzz - favorite favorite favorite favorite - December 27 , 2002
Subject : Are you Somewhat Paranoid ?
After the starking realism of ' Angry Boy ' , it 's nice to turn to such a ludicrous piece of pap as ' Are You Popular ? '
Where we find out that ' Boys do n't hang out with girls that park in cars ' .
This film has been used in so many social film compilations that it 's extremely familiar , but it 's nice to see the whole thing .
Teenagers are of course , played to such a ludicrous degree by the actors it's hard to imagine what the teens in the 50's thought .
Heaven forbid that they would treat this seriously .
- December 27 , 2002 Are you Somewhat Paranoid ?
Reviewer : Larry C. Ford - favorite - October 10 , 2002
Subject : Precious Lets go for a weenie - roast !
This is
amazing stuff .
Play it at parties
for extra fun .
With or without sound .
Thanks for putting this online .
- October 10 , 2002 Precious
Part of Chuck Jazdzewski's fatherly advice to new programmers is this nugget :
Programming is fun .
It is the joy of discovery .
It is the joy of creation .
It is the joy of accomplishment .
It is the joy of learning .
It is fun to see your handiwork displaying on the screen .
It is fun to have your co-workers marvel at your code .
It is fun to have people use your work .
It is fun have your product lauded in public , used by neighbors , and discussed in the press .
Programming should be fun and if it is n't , figure out what is making it not fun and fix it .
However , shipping is n't fun .
I often have said that shipping a product feels good , like when someone stops hitting you .
Your job is completing the product , fixing the bugs , and shipping .
If bugs need fixing , fix them .
If documentation needs writing , write it .
If code needs testing , test it .
All of this is part of shipping .
You do n't get paid to program , you get paid to ship .
Be good at your job .
It 's true .
One key measure of success for any programmer is how much code you 've shipped .
But merely shipping is not enough .
A more meaningful measure of success is to ask yourself how much code you 've shipped to living , breathing , real - world users .
But then total users does n't equal total usage , either .
How many users actually use your application ?
Now that 's the ultimate metric of success .
But it 's a little scary when you start doing the math .
Rich Skrenta explains :
I was just an engineer in this group , but the reality of what was happening in the market to our product line started to seep in .
Here I was putting all of this effort into stuff that never would be used by anyone .
It was still intellectually challenging ... like doing crossword puzzles or something .
But it had no utility to the world .
I started to look around and I saw many other examples of groups working on stuff that no one would ever use or care about .
Mobile IP initiatives , endless work around standards that nobody cared about , research from the labs that would never be applied or even cited .
Yikes .
I had written stuff that people actually used , before .
It felt good .
I had written a usenet newsreader that was used by hundreds of thousands of people .
I was running an online game , as a commercial hobby on the side , which had several hundred paying customers .
Sheesh , I thought .
My side projects have more customers than my day job .
So I made a simple resolution .
I wanted to work on stuff that people would actually use .
This sounds simple .
But if you walk the halls of Sun , AOL , HP , IBM , AOL , Cisco , Siebel , Oracle , any university , many startups , and even Google and Yahoo , you 'll find people working on stuff that is n't going to ship .
Or that if it does ship , it wo n't be noticed , or wo n't move the needle .
That 's tragic .
It 's like writing a blog that nobody reads .
People make fun of bloggers who are writing " only for their mother " .
But what about the legion of programmers writing code paths that will never be traversed ?
It 's for precisely this reason that I 've often wondered if writing code is really the most effective way for software developers to spend their time .
A software developer that does n't write code -- sacrilege , right ?
But wait a minute .
A smart software developer knows that there 's no point in writing code if it 's code that nobody will see , code that nobody will use , code that nobody will ultimately benefit from .
Why build a permanently vacant house ?
A smart software developer realizes that their job is far more than writing code and shipping it ; their job is to build software that people will actually want to use .
That encompasses coding , sure , but it also includes a whole host of holistic , non-coding activities that are critical to the overall success of the software .
Things like documentation , interaction design , cultivating user community , all the way up to the product vision itself .
If you get that stuff wrong , it wo n't matter what kind of code you 've written .
If , like Rich Skrenta , you want to work on software that people want to use , realize that it 's part of your job to make that software worth using .
“ I do n’t have a lover yet , ” one woman said .
Abraham , whose speaking voice is rounder , quicker and more computerlike than Ms. Hicks ’s natural voice , replied by repeating the woman ’s phrase roughly 20 times and then explained it contained its own negativity , which was leaving the woman paddling upstream on the river of life .
Image
The audience applauded .
The Hickses spend most of the year traveling the country , leading workshops based on the teachings they say Abraham has given them .
They record the workshops and have 10,000 subscribers , who pay up to $ 50 a month for CDs and DVDs of Abraham ’s wisdom .
When Ms. Byrne asked Ms. Hicks to appear in “ The Secret , ” as the most prominent interpreter of the law of attraction , she agreed to give the Hickses approval over much of the movie , according to a contract .
But when the couple saw the first cut , they were livid .
Ms. Hicks ’s voice , chaneling Abraham , was used as narration throughout the film , but her face was never shown .
After negotiation , Ms. Hicks ’s image was edited into the film and it was released , ultimately netting the Hickses $ 500,000 from sales , Ms. Hicks said .
But the couple were unhappy with the distribution .
They said they understood it would be shown first on Australian television , but instead it was being sold as an Internet download and later as a DVD .
Cynthia Black , the president of Beyond Words Publishing , a New Age imprint , who is both a longtime friend of the Hickses and the publisher of Ms. Byrne ’s book version of “ The Secret , ” tried to broker a peace .
She enlisted the help of Jack Canfield , the author of “ Chicken Soup for the Soul , ” one of the “ transformational experts ” who appears in “ The Secret ” ( and whose nephew Zach Canfield says he used the law of attraction to score a date with the hip - hop singer Lady Sovereign ) .
But Mr. Canfield was also unable to bring the parties together .
The Hickses consulted their lawyer , and Ms. Byrne in turn demanded changes to the contract , both sides said .
No agreement could be reached .
Ms. Byrne moved forward with a second version of “ The Secret ” without the Hickses .
Advised by their lawyer to sue , the Hickses said they declined because litigation would take energy from their own pursuit of the law of attraction .
“ We do n’t sue , ” said Mr. Hicks , a former circus acrobat and Amway distributor .
About
Hello Hello !
I ’m a busy person that wastes WAY too much time on the Net .
But good does come of it !
I find some awesome stuff !
Updated daily most days .
Update 6/12/07 :
I ’m back again after a long break from blogging .
Due to lack of time ( excessive studying has fried my brain ) , I switched over to tumblr .
You can view my other blog here .
I plan to integrate my two blogs along with my clipmarks posts .
This blog will be used to share with you the best of my finds .
Hope you like !
An " alternative intelligence " unit operating at the Pentagon in the run-up to the war on Iraq was dedicated to establishing a link between Saddam Hussein and al - Qaida , even though the CIA was unconvinced of such a connection , the US Senate was told yesterday .
A report presented to the armed services committee by the Pentagon 's inspector general , Thomas Gimble , exposes the Bush administration to new charges of manipulating intelligence to make its case for going to war against Saddam nearly four years ago .
Mr Gimble described a unit called the Office for Special Plans , authorised by then Pentagon chief Donald Rumsfeld and overseen by the former policy chief Douglas Feith , to review raw intelligence on Iraq .
The main focus of the unit was establishing a link between Saddam and al - Qaida - going against the consensus in the intelligence community that the Iraqi leader had nothing to do with the September 11 2001 terror attacks .
" The office of the under - secretary of defence for policy developed , produced and then disseminated alternative intelligence assessments on the Iraq and al - Qaida relationship , which included some conclusions that were inconsistent with the consensus of the intelligence community , to senior decision - makers , " the report says .
Mr Feith 's office was the source for some of the most glaring examples of faulty intelligence during the run-up to the war .
In 2002 it promoted the idea that there had been a meeting between the lead September 11 hijacker , Mohammed Atta , and an Iraqi intelligence officer in Prague in April 2001 .
The intelligence community has never established this .
The unit deliberately undermined the work of intelligence agencies in briefings in August 2002 for the vice - president , Dick Cheney , and officials at the national security council , Mr Gimble said .
The briefings repeated the claims about the Prague meeting but did not mention the CIA 's extreme scepticism .
Instead , the briefings alleged " fundamental problems with the way that the intelligence community was assessing the information " .
Such actions were not illegal but they were " inappropriate " , Mr Gimble said in his report .
" A policy office was producing intelligence products and was not clearly conveying to senior decision - makers the variance with the consensus of the intelligence community . "
Senator Carl Levin , who heads the committee , said the assessments produced by Mr Feith were of " dubious reliability " and created to bolster the case for war .
" They arrived at an alternative interpretation of the Iraq / al - Qaida relationship that was much stronger than that assessed by the intelligence community and more in accord with the policy views of senior officials in the administration , " Mr Levin told the committee .
" I can't think of a more devastating commentary . "
In 2002 Mr Feith was one of the most ardent proponents of a war on Iraq and a close associate of the other neo-conservatives of the administration : Mr Rumsfeld and his deputy , Paul Wolfowitz , and the vice - president , Dick Cheney .
His work was authorised by Mr Rumsfeld and Mr Wolfowitz , and he coordinated with Mr Cheney 's office .
Mr Feith , who left the Pentagon in 2005 for a post at Georgetown University , yesterday played down the influence of his unit .
" This was not an alternative intelligence assessment , " he told the Washington Post .
" It was from the start a criticism of the consensus of the intelligence community , and in presenting it I was not endorsing its substance . "
UPDATE : Check out http://www.babysignlanguage.com for more info on Babies and Sign Language !
Teaching our son Sign Language has been a dramatic success for us .
He 's 14 months old now and the last six weeks have been an explosion of communication .
Two months ago he was just barely starting to use the sign for " more . "
Today , he knows at least 30 signs ( says Mo , at least 40 , says I ) and is learning at least one new one a day .
Just yesterday
Mo mentioned that he'd be pointing to a book and making a sign she did n't recognize .
I said , show me ... he'd been signing " pig " all day , a sign I 'd taught him the week before , because he wanted a book about Pigs read to him .
As a new parent , I can't tell you how thrilling it is to connect with a baby , your baby , on a conceptual level ... sounds silly to say , but Baby Sign Language can be about more than just " milk . "
We were reading " Goodnight Moon " just this evening , and my son signed " moon all done " when we got to the page where the moon was gone from the sky .
That moment really sealed the deal for me .
Sticking with Sign Language was the right thing for us to do .
It 's not that much work to learn the signs .
As you learn a few dozen , you 'll see a pattern , and other signs will get easier to learn .
We carry a picture dictionary around with us in the baby bag .
Sometimes folks see us sign to him in public and say " oh , is he deaf ? " with a kind of worried face .
We reply that we 're teaching him Sign Language so we can see what 's on his mind a year or two early .
There 's lots of opinions about teaching kids sign language .
Here 's my reasoning .
I 'm gaining at least a year of time communicating with my son .
Not using sign language would mean that our communication would be limited to pointing and the occasional made up gesture .
at a year of time communicating with my son .
Not using sign language would mean that our communication would be limited to pointing and the occasional made up gesture .
Many families in America use some sign language like Milk and More and basically leave it at that .
I say you 're missing out on something amazing .
Take it to the next level .
Imagine taking your 1 year old to the zoo and having them sign " monkey sleeping " when you get the Gorilla House and the monkey 's not around .
Things like this happen ever day for us , and they are utterly magical .
Some folks believe that " Mommy knows what baby needs . "
I 'm sure that 's true , but Mommy also appreciates when baby says " apple " using sign , rather than simply throwing his banana at Mommy .
Why not give him the tools to express himself ?
Many temper tantrums are caused by frustration at not being understood .
Sign language has given us a way to find out what he wants and what he needs .
We give him 100 % of what he needs , and probably 10 % of what he wants .
We have n't seen any temper tantrums at all caused by our son not being understood .
( I checked that statement out with the wife ahead of time and she agreed . )
He is eager to make himself understood and it's clear that he has fun signing .
, and probably 10 % of what he wants .
We have n't seen caused by our son not being understood .
( I checked that statement out with the wife ahead of time and she agreed . )
He is eager to make himself understood and it's clear that he has fun signing .
ASL - based Signing qualifies as a foreign language in most colleges and more and more high schools .
If you stick with signing , not only will you have an additional language between you , but you 'll have given your child a language firmly based in kinesthetic learning .
What do you need to do to start signing ?
Check your local community center .
They often offer Baby Sign Language classes .
We took classes before Z was born , and when he was 6 months old .
.
We took classes before Z was born , and when he was 6 months old .
If Baby Sign Language is unusual or unused in your country , either find some Deaf Folks and learn your country 's specific Sign Language , or use ASL ( American Sign Language ) .
The trick is to be consistent and have an illustrated dictionary to refer to .
, or use ASL ( American Sign Language ) .
The trick is to be consistent and have an illustrated dictionary to refer to .
Stick with it .
Do n't give up .
We started when he was six months old and signed every day without a single clear response until he was a year old .
We nearly quit a dozen times before that .
We started when he was six months old and signed every day without a single clear response until he was a year old .
We nearly quit a dozen times before that .
Then one day he signed " light " as clear as day in his bedroom .
We turned on the light and our son lit up with a small as wide as his face .
That 's when we connected with him .
I 'm not talking about the standard Mom / Dad / Baby we - love - you connection .
I 'm talking about the baby 's opinion matters kind of connection .
I 'm not talking about the standard Mom / Dad / Baby we - love - you connection .
I 'm talking about the kind of connection .
Get picture books , lots of them , and learn the signs for the animals .
I highly recommend the Priddy Books series of books for baby .
, lots of them , and learn the signs for the animals .
I the Priddy Books series of books for baby .
Learn the signs for animals and common objects and use them every time you see one out in the world .
We went for a walk on the Portland Waterfront today and our son was signing bird and dog and plane and sharing those discoveries with us .
It 's great when he sees something interesting and points at it , but it 's something different when he signs about something we did n't see .
and use them every time you see one out in the world .
We went for a walk on the Portland Waterfront today and our son was signing bird and dog and plane and .
It 's great when he sees something interesting and points at it , but it 's something different when he signs about something we did n't see .
Pay Attention and prepare for the unexpected .
.
Example :
The baby was frantically signing ball recently , gesturing wildly at a dog .
We tried to correct him ...
" No no sweetie , that 's a dog , not a ball . "
The dog lifted it 's head and we saw that the dog was in fact playing with a ball that we had n't seen .
There 's a great Dictionary of Baby Signs ( ASL ) here that uses Windows Media Player .
I also highly recommend the Baby Signing Time Series of DVDs , particularly Volumes 1 and 2 .
They are the only videos that let the baby watch .
I do n't know when he 'll start talking .
It does n't really matter .
I 'm not really sure where he is " developmentally " or what a 14 month old is supposed to be doing at this point .
I figure kids all even out by the time they 're 18 years old anyway .
But , while we look forward to him talking , be it at two years or four years old , I 've already got a way to communicate with him .
I can ask him what 's on his mind and he 'll tell me .
Victoria Police questioned the method of obtaining evidence , saying it was a highly unusual way of proving a brothel was operating illegally .
" It has never been Victoria Police 's practice to use that method of operation , " Inspector Craig Walsh said last night .
" I have been around for 22 - odd years and I have never heard of it . "
Police effectively stopped policing brothels when Victoria Police 's vice squad was closed in 1999 .
Since then , complaints about brothels to police have been referred to local governments .
Police said yesterday that enforcing illegal brothels was a planning issue .
Yarra Council confirmed yesterday it had hired investigators from a specialist firm six times in the past two years to gather evidence to be used against illegal brothels .
On four occasions , this had involved investigators receiving a sexual service , a council spokeswoman said , enabling council to successfully prosecute and close the premises down .
" Council has an obligation to respond to community concerns and pursue any ( brothel ) that does not comply with the local planning scheme , " Yarra mayor Jenny Farrar said .
" Without concrete evidence , Yarra is powerless to shut down these illegal operations . "
Cr Farrar said the courts had deemed that to be successful in a prosecution , a sexual service had to be provided .
" This leaves us with little choice but to get the evidence needed to close these places down , " she said .
The council would not reveal how much private investigators had paid to illegal brothels .
Melbourne City Council also confirmed that private investigators working for the council had paid for " sexual acts " performed by illegal prostitutes .
Chief executive David Pitchford said that these investigators had acted " voluntarily " .
" Council has no alternative but to provide direct evidence to achieve a successful prosecution , " Mr Pitchford said .
" Clients of illegal brothels cannot be forced to incriminate themselves . "
William Albon , spokesman for the Australian Adult Entertainment Association that represents legal brothels and escort agencies , has long claimed there are more than 400 illegal brothels operating in Victoria .
He said local councils were doing " excellent work " pursuing illegal brothels .
" But it is regrettable that councils have had this enforcement task dumped on them , " he said .
Mr Albon said that , under the Prostitution Control Act , Consumer Affairs Victoria should be enforcing illegal prostitution .
" But they are hopelessly derelict in their duty , " Mr Albon said .
" The public records shows that not once in 13 years ( has ) CAV … brought a prosecution of an illegal brothel before a court or tribunal . "
The Municipal Association of Victoria called for more collaboration across various tiers of government so that councils did not have to resort to such desperate measures to shut down illegal brothels .
President Dick Gross said it should be easier for councils to close illegal brothels .
" It needs to be defined how private investigators can ( get evidence ) in an illegal environment , " he said .
He called for the Prostitution Control Act to be changed , along with the Planning and Environment Act , so that illegal brothels were easier to shut down .
" The real issues are residential amenity and immigration issues : women are far less protected in a deregulated environment , " he said .
The State Government last year committed to reviewing the 1994 Prostitution Control Act .
There is " a proliferation of illegal brothels in Melbourne " according to Monash councillor Geoff Lake , a former Municipal Association of Victoria president .
October 13 , 2006 — jao
While writing my latest post on NeXT , i remembered one of my favorite videos on programming ever : the 1992 demo presentation of NeXTSTEP 3 by , whom else , Steve Jobs .
If you have n’t seen it yet , please take a look below , and keep repeating yourself that this was 1992 , and that that machine had a clock under 50 MHz !
One wonders what on Earth have we been doing during the last fourteen years .
I was about to write a brief overview of the amazing things demoed by Jobs , but the fine guys and gals of Rixstep have already done it for me :
The object oriented cake is a guided tour for those of you lacking 35 minutes to see the movie .
But i bet you ’ll see it anyway after reading that article .
More than once !
All these wonders where made using Objective - C .
One would say that there ’s something to OOP .
Definitely , but there ’s more than objects at play : Objective - C is a dynamical language , with a living runtime and powerful reflection capabilities .
Despite its C-syntax ( almost any C snippet is also an Objective - C snippet ) , its spirit is far closer to Smalltalk , and the right way to use Objective - C is to use it as a dynamically typed language .
I ’m convinced that these language traits were key to make the marvellous NeXSTEP system a thriving reality .
For the really curious among you , here ‘s a bit more about the platform ; and one can also take a look at the NeXTstep 3.3 developer documentation .
" This article is posted on this site to give advance access to other authorised media who may wish to quote extracts as part of fair dealing with this copyrighted material .
Full attribution is required , and if publishing online a link to www.newscientist.com is also required .
This story posted here is the EXACT text used in New Scientist , therefore advance permission is required before any and every reproduction of each article in full .
Please contact celia.guthrie@rbi.co.uk .
Please note that all material is copyright of Reed Business Information Limited and we reserve the right to take such action as we consider appropriate to protect such copyright . "
THIS ARTICLE APPEARS IN NEW SCIENTIST MAGAZINE ISSUE : 3 JUNE 2006
AUTHOR : MARCUS CHOWN
A common chemical process may explain a bizarre property of water that has been a mystery since the time of Aristotle ¨C how hot water can freeze more quickly than cold .
This strange and counterintuitive effect was first observed by the ancient Greek philosopher and was made famous in recent times by a Tanzanian school student called Erasto Mpemba .
He noticed that the sugared milk he was using to make ice cream froze more quickly if it started out hot .
But what is behind the so - called " Mpemba effect " ?
Jonathan Katz of Washington University in St Louis , it 's all to do with solutes .
" You have to ask yourself : what does heating do to water that makes it easier to freeze ? " he says .
" The answer is that it precipitates out solutes . "
The solutes Katz has in mind are calcium and magnesium bicarbonate , which make most drinking water " hard " .
When the water is heated , these precipitate out to form the solid scale that " furs " up the inside of a kettle .
Water that has never been heated still contains these solutes .
As it freezes , ice crystals form , and the concentration of solutes in the remaining water becomes ever higher up to 50 times as high as normal .
This lowers the freezing point of the water , just like salt sprinkled on a road in winter .
" The water therefore has to cool further before it freezes , " says Katz .
There is a second , related effect that hampers the freezing of water that has never been heated .
The lowering of the freezing point reduces the temperature difference between the liquid and its freezing surroundings .
" Since the rate at which heat is lost from the water depends on this temperature difference , water that has not been heated has greater difficulty losing heat , " Katz says .
Katz claims that the two effects combined can perfectly explain why water that has been heated freezes more quickly than water that has n't .
And he makes a prediction that experiments should be able to verify : that the Mpemba effect should be more marked the " harder " the water .
" This may explain why not everyone sees it , " he says .
" Some people are using soft water . "
" Katz 's analysis of the Mpemba effect is deeper and more rigorous than anything else on the subject , " says Richard Muller of the University of California at Berkeley .
" He has come up with a simple yet I believe correct way to look at a complex phenomenon . "
Katz , who worked out the details of the Mpemba effect while adjudicating a student exam , is waiting for someone to do the experiment to test his theory .
" It 's not difficult but it 's not trivial either , " he says .
" I think it would take a couple of months to do it right . "
###
IF REPORTING ON THIS STORY , PLEASE MENTION NEW SCIENTIST AS THE SOURCE AND , IF PUBLISHING ONLINE , PLEASE CARRY A HYPERLINK TO : http://www. newscientist .
com
UK CONTACT - Claire Bowles , New Scientist Press Office , London :
Tel : +44(0) 20 7611 1210 or email claire.bowles@rbi.co.uk
US CONTACT ¨C New Scientist Boston office :
Tel : +1 617 386 2190 or email kyre.austin@reedbusiness.com
Correction Appended
UTKHOLOK RIVER BIOLOGICAL STATION , Russia —
The wild salmon still rush the dark Utkholok and other rivers here in Kamchatka , one of the last salmon strongholds on earth .
They surge in spring and come in pulses for months , often side by side in run after run .
All six native species of Pacific salmon remain abundant on this eastern Russian peninsula , scientists say , appearing by the tens of millions to spawn in its free - running watersheds .
Even in October ’s chill they come : coho and a trickle of sockeye , mixed with sea-run trout and char .
Now , in a nation with a dreary environmental record that is engaged in a rush to extract its resources , the peninsula ’s governments are at work on proposals that would designate seven sprawling tracts of wilderness as salmon - protected areas , a network of refuges for highly valuable fish that would be the first of its kind .
Encompassing nine entire rivers and more than six million acres , the protected watersheds would exceed the scale of many renowned preserved areas in the United States .
Together they would be more than four times the size of the Everglades , nearly triple that of Yellowstone National Park and slightly larger than the Adirondack Park , which is often referred to as the largest protected area in the lower United States .
check out our new site CelebSkin
Alexander Litvinenko is a critic of Vladimir Putin
Alexander Litvinenko , a former colonel in the KGB , told the BBC he fell ill after meeting a contact at a London sushi bar on 1 November .
Police say the 43 - year - old is in a serious but stable condition in University College Hospital , London .
Clinical experts said he was poisoned with the highly - toxic metal thallium .
Several hours after the meeting , I started to feel sick
Alexander Litvinenko , former Russian agent
Profile : Alexander Litvinenko
Mr Litvinenko fled Russia and was granted political asylum in Britain in 2001 .
It is reported he was granted British citizenship this year , although this has not been confirmed by the Home Office which does not comment on individual cases .
He said he had been investigating the murder of Russian journalist Anna Politkovskaya , who was killed in Moscow last month .
Speaking to the BBC last week , before his condition deteriorated , Mr Litvinenko said the contact had approached him to say they should talk and they arranged to meet at the restaurant in Piccadilly .
" He gave me some papers which contained some names on it - perhaps names of those who may have been involved in the murder of Anna Politkovskaya , and several hours after the meeting I started to feel sick . "
I think this is the work of the Russian Secret Service
Alex Goldfarb , friend of Mr Litvinenko
It was two weeks later that Mr Litvinenko took seriously ill and he was admitted to hospital .
Clinical toxicologist John Henry , who examined Mr Litvinenko on Saturday , told the BBC he believes he was given a potentially lethal dose of thallium .
Describing thallium , he said it was a " little bit like table salt " and that a very small amount could be lethal .
" It is tasteless , colourless , odourless .
It takes about a gram - you know , a large pinch of salt like in your food - to kill you . "
He described Mr Litvinenko 's condition as serious .
" I can tell you he 's ill .
He is quite seriously sick .
There 's no doubt that he 's been poisoned by thallium , and it probably dates back to 1 November , when he first started to get ill . "
Mr Litvinenko's friend Alex Goldfarb , who has been visiting him in hospital , said : " He looks terrible .
He looks like a ghost actually .
He lost all his hair .
He has n't eaten for eighteen days .
" He looks like an old man .... a month ago he was a fit handsome young man . "
He added : " I think this is the work of the Russian Secret Service . "
There has been no comment from the Kremlin and the Russian media is reportedly keeping quiet on the incident .
Book
Scotland Yard confirmed police were investigating , saying there had been no arrests but inquiries were continuing .
Mr Litvinenko had earlier alleged that members of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ) - the main successor to the Soviet KGB - had plotted to kill the powerful Russian tycoon Boris Berezovsky .
He also wrote a book called Blowing up Russia : Terror from Within , alleging that FSB agents coordinated the 1999 apartment block bombings in Russia that killed more than 300 people .
Russian officials blamed the explosions on Chechen separatists and in that year the Kremlin launched a new military offensive on Chechnya .
Anna Politkovskaya once fled to Austria after receiving threats
Ms Politkovskaya , a harsh critic of Mr Putin and Russian policy in Chechnya , was shot dead at her Moscow apartment building .
She was one of the few Russian journalists to write about alleged human rights abuses in Chechnya and had received death threats in the past .
Ms Politkovskaya became ill with food - poisoning on her way to report on the Beslan school siege in 2004 , which some believed may have been an attempt on her life .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
Apple 's Mac operating system market share is up 26.2 percent year - over - year from September 2005 to September 2006 .
Please note that this does not mean that Apple 's market share is 26.2 percent .
The number represents percent increase .
My prior post for August that demonstrated a 24.4 percent increase caused confusion as many readers were confusing " percent increase " with actual market share percent .
Data used in this post has been obtained from Market Share
Key Percent Increases
Up 38.4 percent since January 2005
Up 34.0 percent since April 2005 ( Mac OS X Tiger launched April 29 , 2005 )
Up 12.1 percent January to September 2006 - despite Intel transition
Up 9.0 percent since August 2006 - just one month
Below is an updated view of Apple 's Mac OS market share month by month for calender year 2006 up to and including September 2006 .
Pay careful attention to the numbers because Market Share splits Mac operating system data into two groups , Mac OS and MacIntel .
MacIntel represents Intel builds of Mac OS X Tiger .
Have a look at the September 2006 data .
Mac OS is reported to have 3.88 percent of the operating system share while MacIntel is reported to have 0.84 percent operating system market share .
When the numbers are combined , we get the following ( Internet Explorer users may have difficulty viewing the images .
If so , click 1 , 2 , 3 ) .
You can click on each image to get a larger view :
The graph clearly shows that 2006 has been an exceptional year for Apple as Mac market share is clearly on an upward path .
When the data in the above tables are analyzed , they demonstrate several important trends .
The first is that the Mac OS operating system has been experiencing at least 23.5 percent year - over - year growth during each month in 2006 .
The Mac operating system has experienced year - over - year acceleration for two straight months following a relative decceleration in July 2006 .
The third and most striking is that Apple 's monthly percent increase from August 2006 to September 2006 is 9.0 percent , marking the largest month to month increase thus far in 2006 .
Fourth , Apple 's 4.72 percent total market share marks the highest level the company has experienced in 2006 .
Not discounting Apple 's growing popularity in almost all verticals , a significant chunk of September 's increase was probably a result of the recently concluded back - to - school shopping season .
Many students and consumers opted to purchase their first Macs and many were enticed by Apple 's 2006 Back - To - School promotion that gave students up to a $ 179 rebate good towards the combined purchase of an iPod and qualifying Macintosh computer .
The promotion ended on September 16 , 2006 .
September 's data shows that Apple 's share of the most used operating systems is not only growing but the rate of change is also accelerating ahead of the upcoming hoiday buying season .
I expect that Apple will experience brisk Macintosh sales for the remainder of the year and will continue to grab market share from its competitors .
By Fergus Walsh
BBC News , Medical correspondent
The Newcastle team is pioneering stem cell work
Researchers from Newcastle University and Kings College , London , have asked the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority for a three - year licence .
The hybrid human - bovine embryos would be used for stem cell research and would not be allowed to develop for more than a few days .
But critics say it is unethical and potentially dangerous .
Liberal Democrat MP
Dr Evan Harris - a member of the Commons Science and Technology Select Committee - said : " If human benefit can be derived by perfecting therapeutic cloning techniques or from research into subsequently - derived stem cells , then it would actually be immoral to prevent it just because of a ' yuck ' factor . "
Stem cell research is one of the most promising areas of medical science .
You may begin to undermine the whole distinction between humans animals and humans
Calum MacKellar
Why create chimeras ?
Stem cells are the body 's master cells and five - day - old embryos are packed with them - each with the potential to turn into any tissue in the body .
It is this ability which scientists want to harness to treat diseases such as Parkinson 's Disease , strokes and Alzheimer 's Disease .
To do that , they say they need to have access to thousands of embryos for research .
Short supply
The problem is that human eggs for research are in short supply and to obtain them women have to undergo surgery .
That is why scientists want to use cows ' eggs as a substitute .
They would insert human DNA into a cow 's egg which has had its genetic material removed , and then create an embryo by the same technique that produced Dolly the Sheep .
The resulting embryo would be 99.9 % human ; the only bovine element would be DNA outside the nucleus of the cell .
It would , though , technically be a chimera - a mixing of two distinct species into one .
The aim would be to extract stem cells from the embryo when it is six days old , before destroying it .
If human benefit can be derived by perfecting therapeutic cloning techniques or from research into subsequently - derived stem cells , then it would actually be immoral to prevent it just because of a ' yuck ' factor
Dr Evan Harris
The quality and the viability of stem cells would then be checked to see if the technique had worked .
The scientists also plan to examine the way the cells are reprogrammed after fusion to see if there are useful processes they could replicate in the laboratory .
Lead researcher Dr Lyle Armstrong said : " If we can learn from the egg cell how to make embryonic stem cells without having to use an animal egg at all then some day we may be able to cure diseases such as Parkinson 's disease , or better still some of the age - related diseases which are creating such a burden on society . "
Dr Stephen Minger , from King 's College London , said : " The current state of the technology is such that literally hundreds of human ooctyes ( eggs ) from young women will be required to generate a single human embryonic stem cell line .
" Therefore we consider it more appropriate to use non-human oocytes from livestock as a surrogate .
" We feel that the development of disease - specific human embryonic stem cell lines from individuals suffering from genetic forms of neurodegenerative disorders will stimulate both basic research and the development of new medicines to treat these horrific brain diseases . "
' Undermining humanity '
Professor Robin Lovell - Badge , head of developmental genetics , National Institute for Medical Research , said : " This is a very rational step : to learn what you can using animal eggs , which are readily obtainable , before moving on to valuable human eggs when or if this becomes necessary . "
HAVE YOUR SAY
What are diseases such as Parkinson 's and Alzheimer 's if they are not undermining human dignity ?
Paul Kemp , Munich
Send us your views
But some will argue the end does not justify the means .
Calum MacKellar , from the Scottish Council on Human Bioethics , said the research undermined the distinction between animals and humans .
He said : " In the history of humankind , animals and human species have been separated .
" In this kind of procedure , you are mixing at a very intimate level animal eggs and human chromosomes , and you may begin to undermine the whole distinction between humans and animals .
" If that happens , it might also undermine human dignity and human rights . "
The first species to be erased from this planet ’s great and ancient Order of Cetaceans in modern times is not one of the charismatic sea mammals that have long been the focus of conservation campaigns , like the sperm whale or bottlenose dolphin .
It appears to be the baiji , a white , nearly blind denizen of the Yangtze River in China .
On Wednesday , an expedition in search of any baiji , run by Chinese biologists and baiji.org , a Swiss foundation , ended empty - handed after six weeks of patrolling its onetime waters in the middle and lower stretches of the river , the baiji’s only known habitat .
The Yangtze , Asia ’s longest waterway and thought to be akin to the Amazon long ago in its biological richness , now has a dominant species : the 400 million ( and counting ) people busily plying its waters and industrializing its banks .
Earlier today the ASP.NET team shipped the release candidate for ASP .
NET AJAX 1.0 .
This is the penultimate release of ASP .
NET AJAX - the next public release will be the final , fully supported , 1.0 product .
This release candidate build includes several new features , and one important change , from the Beta2 release .
You can read a document that lists all changes from the CTP -> Beta1-> Beta2->RC here .
At a high - level , the changes from Beta2 to RC include :
- Inclusion of a built - in VS 2005 Web Application Project template to create new ASP .
NET AJAX applications .
This now allows you to pick File -> New Project ( in addition to the existing template in File -> New Web Site ) to create new ASP .
NET AJAX enabled web applications .
- Additional globalization support for AJAX applications , as well as additional script resource handler features to improve substitution logic , compression and caching .
Dynamic invocation of web service proxies from JavaScript is also now supported .
-
The assembly name of ASP.
NET AJAX changed from Microsoft .
Web.Extensions.dll to System .
Web.
Extensions.dll , and the namespace of the server - side features of ASP .
NET AJAX changed from Microsoft .
Web to System .
Web .
Note that the client JavaScript namespaces did not change ( which avoids breaking existing client JavaScript code ) .
The team made this last server namespace and assembly change for two reasons :
1 ) Because ASP.
NET AJAX will be a fully - supported part of the core .
NET Framework going forward , and so for consistency it makes sense for the final release to live under the " System " namespace - which is where the other core parts of the .NET Framework and ASP .
NET live .
2 ) Because it will help make upgrading to the " Orcas " release of ASP.
NET and Visual Studio much easier .
ASP .NET AJAX will be built - in with " Orcas " ( so you do n't have to download and install it separately ) , and by making the namespace change it means that your code will not need to change .
You 'll be able to optionally keep your applications running using the ASP .
NET AJAX 1.0 release just fine if you want ( it will run and be supported on top of Orcas ) - or you 'll be able to change the version string in your web .config file and automatically upgrade to the newer version of ASP .
NET AJAX that will be included built - in to ASP .
NET " Orcas " .
This whitepaper provides step - by - step instructions on how to upgrade existing ASP .
NET AJAX Beta2 applications to the ASP.
NET AJAX RC build .
Important Intellisense Tip :
One additional step you 'll want to make after you follow the steps in the whitepaper above is to delete the cached schema files for control markup Intellisense that VS maintains .
This will ensure that your HTML source editor Intellisense for the ASP .
NET AJAX controls is correct and does n't get lost ( otherwise it might incorrectly use the old values from the Beta2 release ) .
- With Windows XP you do this by deleting all files in this directory : c: \Document and Settings \ [ YourUserName ] \Application Data\Microsoft\VisualStudio\8.0\ReflectedSchemas - With Windows Vista you do this by deleting all files in this directory : c:\Users\[YourUserName ]
\AppData\Roaming \Microsoft\VisualStudio\8.0\ReflectedSchemas
Once you delete these schema files and restart VS , it will re-calculate the HTML markup Intellisense for all controls and pick up the changes from the assembly name change .
Hope this helps ,
Scott
More Evidence For Fructose Obesity Link
Fructose fruit sugar is not a harmless substitute for glucose .
University of Florida researchers have identified one possible reason for rising obesity rates , and it all starts with fructose , found in fruit , honey , table sugar and other sweeteners , and in many processed foods .
Fructose may trick you into thinking you are hungrier than you should be , say the scientists , whose studies in animals have revealed its role in a biochemical chain reaction that triggers weight gain and other features of metabolic syndrome - the main precursor to type 2 diabetes .
In related research , they also prevented rats from packing on the pounds by interrupting the way their bodies processed this simple sugar , even when the animals continued to consume it .
The findings , reported in the December issue of Nature Clinical Practice Nephrology and in this month 's online edition of the American Journal of Physiology - Renal Physiology , add to growing evidence implicating fructose in the obesity epidemic and could influence future dietary guidelines .
UF researchers are now studying whether the same mechanism is involved in people .
" There may be more than just the common concept that the reason a person gets fat is because they eat too many calories and they do n't do enough exercise , " said Richard J. Johnson , M.D. , the J. Robert Cade professor of nephrology and chief of nephrology , hypertension and transplantation at UF 's College of Medicine .
" And although genetic predispositions are obviously important , there 's some major environmental force driving this process .
Our data suggest certain foods and , in particular , fructose , may actually speed the process for a person to become obese . "
Physical inactivity , increased caloric intake and consumption of high - fat foods undoubtedly account for part of the problem , Johnson said .
But Americans are feasting on more fructose than ever .
It 's in soft drinks , jellies , pastries , ketchup and table sugar , among other foods , and is the key component in high fructose corn syrup , a sugar substitute introduced in the early 1970s .
Since then , fructose intake has soared more than 30 percent , and the number of people with metabolic syndrome has more than doubled worldwide , to more than 55 million in the United States alone , Johnson said .
The condition , characterized by insulin resistance , obesity and elevated triglyceride levels in the blood , is linked to the development of type 2 diabetes and hypertension .
" If you feed fructose to animals they rapidly become obese , with all features of the metabolic syndrome , so there is this strong causal link , " Johnson said , " And a high - fructose intake has been shown to induce certain features of the metabolic syndrome pretty rapidly in people . "
For all possible starting points in the graph :
Run your search using your fitness metric for maxlength steps to reach an
end point .
Using the desired outcome fitness , compute the fitness of
the end point
Compute the ratio of your outcome to the the maximum result
the desired outcome .
This is the quality of your search for this length
It 's time to take a look at one of the most obnoxious duplicitous promoters of Bad Math , William Dembski .
I have a deep revulsion for this character , because he 's actually a decent mathematician , but he 's devoted his skills to creating convincing mathematical arguments based on invalid premises .
But he 's careful : he does his meticulous best to hide his assumptions under a flurry of mathematical jargon .
For today , I 'm going to focus on his paper Fitness Among Competitive Agents
One of the arguments that he loves to make , and which is at the heart of this paper , is what he calls the No Free Lunch ( NFL ) theorem .
NFL states that " Averaged over all fitness functions , evolution does no better than blind search .
" Now , first , let 's just take a moment to consider the meaning of NFL .
In Dembski's framework , evolution is treated as a search algorithm .
The search space is a graph .
( This is graph in the discrete mathematics sense : a set of discrete nodes , with a finite number of edges to other nodes . )
The nodes of the graph in this search space are " outcomes " of the search process at particular points in time ; the edges exiting a node correspond to the possible changes that could be made to that node to produce a different outcome .
To model the quality of a nodes outcome , we apply a fitness function , which produces a numeric value describing the fitness ( quality ) of the node .
The evolutionary search starts at some arbitrary node .
It proceeds by looking at the edges exiting that node , and computes the fitness of their targets .
Whichever edge produces the best result is selected , and the search algorithm progresses to that node , and then repeats the process .
How do you test how well a search process works ?
You select a fitness function which describes the desired outcome , and see how well the search process matches your assigned fitness .
The quality of your search process is defined by the limit as maxlength approaches infinity : So - what does NFL really say ?
" Averaged over all fitness functions " : take every possible assignment of fitness values to nodes .
For each one , compute the quality of its result .
Take the average of the overall quality .
This is the quality of the directed , or evolutionary , search . " blind search " : blind search means instead of using a fitness function , at each step just pick an edge to traverse randomly .
So - NFL says that if you consider every possible assignment of fitness functions , you get the same result as if you did n't use a fitness function at all .
This is just a really fancy way of using mathematical jargon to create a tautology .
The key is that " averaged over all fitness functions " bit .
If you average over all fitness functions , then every node has the same fitness .
So , in other words , if you consider a search in which you can't tell the difference between different nodes , and a search in which you do n't look at the difference between different nodes , then you 'll get equivalently bad results .
Now , in the paper that I linked to , he 's responding to someone who showed that if you limit yourself to competitive fitness functions ( loosely defined , that is , fitness functions where the majority of times that you compare two edges from a node , the target you select will be the one that is better according to the desired fitness function ) , then the result of running the search will , on average , be better than a random traversal .
Dembski's response to this ( sorry I 'm not quoting directly ; he only posts the paper in PDF which I can't cut and paste from ) , is to go into a long discussion of pairwise competitive functions .
His focus is on the fact that a pairwise fitness function is not necessarily transitive : if it says A is fitter than B , and B is fitter than C , then that does n't necessarily mean that it will say A is fitter that C.
The example he uses for this is a chess tournament : if you create a fitness function for chess players from the results of a serious of tournaments , you can wind up with results like player A can consistently beat player B ; B can consistently beat C , and C can consistently beat A . That 's true .
Competitive fitness functions can have that property .
But if you 're considering evolution , that does n't matter .
In an evolutionary process , you 'd wind up picking one , two , or all three as the fittest .
That 's what speciation is .
In one situation , A is better , so it " wins " .
Starting from the same point , but in a slightly different environment , B is better , so it wins .
You 're still selecting a better result .
The fact that you can't always select one as best does n't matter .
And it does n't change the fundamental outcome , which Dembski does n't really address , that competitive fitness functions do produce a better result that random walks .
In my taxonomy of statistical errors , this is basically modifying the search space : he 's essentially arguing for properties of the search space that eliminate any advantage that can be gained by the nature of the evolutionary search algorithm .
But his only argument for making those modifications have nothing to do with evolution : he 's carefully picking search spaces that have the properties he want , even though they have fundamentally different properties from evolution .
It 's all hidden behind a lot of low - budget equations which are used to obfuscate things .
( In " A Brief History of Time " , Steven Hawking said that his publisher told him that each equation in the book would cut the readership in half .
Dembski appears to have taken that idea to heart , and throws in equations even when they are n't needed , in order to try to prevent people from actually reading through the details of the paper where this error is hidden . )
They lack six - pack abs .
They could lose a few .
Yet they 're happy , body and soul .
How are such people possible in body - centric America ?
They exercise .
They work out .
It 's part of their routine .
Maybe not as often as they would like or think they should , but they do something .
Sure there are the long - term benefits like lowering your blood pressure , improved strength and endurance , a trimmer physique and the confidence that follows , increasing mental alertness , and reducing your odds of cancer , diabetes and heart disease .
But exercise simply makes you feel good .
It is no sure - fire happy pill , and some say it has to be intense , or anaerobic ( involving short energy bursts that cause the body to run out temporarily of oxygen ) , to bring on the psychological boost , but it is a part of the feel - good equation , experts say .
The problem with the perfect workout
Many Americans forget or ignore both the short - and long - term benefits and avoid exercise due to a sedentary lifestyle , allowing a " perfect " workout to be the enemy of one that is " good enough , " and boredom due to repeating the same exercise routine over and over , says Debbie Mandel , author of " Turn On Your Inner Light : Fitness for Body , Mind and Soul " ( Busy Bee Group , 2003 ) .
Two primary chemicals involved in making exercise feel good are cortisol and endorphins .
Cortisol is a hormone produced by the body under stress , such as anger , anxiety or fear , and it ultimately inflames and damages our organs .
Exercise burns cortisol , and thereby makes us healthier and happier , Mandel says .
Endorphins are morphine - like hormone molecules that enter the brain 's neurons and park on receptors that normally send pain - signaling molecules back to other parts of the brain .
Some say endorphins are even more powerful and yield a more euphoric feeling than opiate drugs such as morphine and opium , which park on the same receptors when introduced to the body .
Exercise stimulates the brain 's pituitary gland to release endorphins , an abbreviation for endogenous ( meaning " produced within " ) morphine , in the bloodstream .
Get started
Even with a stagnant gym membership or so - so discipline , individual episodes of intense exercise provides psychological boosts aside from the harder - to - see , harder - to - acquire physical and disease - fighting benefits of exercise .
A single exercise session lasting 20 or 30 minutes at 80 percent of your capacity brings on pain - relieving endorphins , according to work by Robert G. McMurray of the University of Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Mandel agrees that even one session makes you feel better and clears your head .
" Once you make a commitment to exercise then you are motivated to keep feeling good every day .
After about two weeks of exercise you stay on course , " she said in a recent email interview .
Mandel says you can ensure a psychological reward if you tailor your workout level to your stress level .
" If you are highly stressed , you need to do a more intense workout which means longer than 30 minutes ; if you are less stressed , then 30 minutes should suffice , " she says .
Heavy lifting
Some scientists say the feel - good benefits vary with the type of exercise .
Research by Ed Pierce , now at Bridgewater College , and his colleagues shows that moderate exercise and light weightlifting or other resistance training , while critical for overall health , fail to bring on endorphins .
Alan Goldfarb of the University of North Carolina - Greensboro also says endorphins are only associated with heavy weightlifting or any kind of exercise during which you sprint ( such as during running , biking , swimming ) .
Some experts say that tolerance to endorphins increases over time , but Mandel also says this varies with the person .
" Mostly , you get a consistent high from a workout to music and a workout that you enjoy , " she says .
" It is important to realize that routine deadens the heart , and you have to change up your exercise regimen .
The body always adapts and you need to challenge it .
So , vary the intensity , cross train , take dance classes , try a new sport , use a personal trainer for a few sessions , etc .
Keep it fresh , and you will get that high ! "
Boys aged 13 and 14 living in rural areas , are the most likely of their age group to access pornography , and parents need to be more aware of how to monitor their children 's viewing habits , according to a new University of Alberta study .
A total of 429 students aged 13 and 14 from 17 urban and rural schools across Alberta , Canada , were surveyed anonymously about if , how and how often they accessed sexually explicit media content on digital or satellite television , video and DVD and the Internet .
Ninety per cent of males and 70 per cent of females reported accessing sexually explicit media content at least once .
More than one - third of the boys reported viewing pornographic DVDs or videos " too many times to count " , compared to eight per cent of the girls surveyed .
A majority of the students , 74 per cent , reported viewing pornography on the Internet .
Forty - one per cent saw it on video or DVD and 57 per cent reported seeing it on a specialty TV channel .
Nine per cent of the tens reported they accessed pornography because someone over 18 had rented it ; six per cent had rented it themselves and 20 per cent viewed it at a friend 's house .
The study also revealed different patterns of use between males and females , with boys doing the majority of deliberate viewing , and a significant minority planning social time around viewing porn with male friends .
Girls reported more accidental or unwanted exposure online and tend to view porn in same - gender pairs or with mixed groups .
Though being curious about sexually explicit media may seem a ' natural ' part of early adolescence , porn is a major presence in the lives of youth .
The media environment in Alberta homes makes access to porn easy for teens and viewing pornography at a young age can set children up for problems later on , said Sonya Thompson , a masters graduate student at the University of Alberta in Edmonton , Canada , and author of the study .
" We do n't know how we are changing sexual behaviours , attitudes , values and beliefs by enabling this kind of exposure and not talking with kids about it in any meaningful way , " Thompson said .
Thompson , formerly a sex education teacher , is concerned about the health and social messages pornography sends .
Excessive early exposure to pornography may be harmful in terms of expectations going into relationships .
" What kinds of expectations will these young people have going into their first sexual relationships ?
It may be setting up a big disconnect between boys and girls and may be normalizing risky sex practices . "
Almost half of rural youths in the survey reported seeing pornographic videos or DVDs at least once , compared to one - third of the urban participants .
Thompson is unsure why rural teens access porn more on video and DVD , but suggests that parents may think distance acts as a buffer .
" Maybe they have a false sense of thinking they are far away from unhealthy influences . "
Rural boys also reported a lower incidence of parents talking with them about sexual media content .
Urban girls were most likely to have had discussions with their parents .
And while the majority of teens surveyed said their parents expressed concern about sexual content , that concern has n't led to discussion or supervision , and few parents are using available technology to block sexual content .
" It indicates there is plenty of room for better parenting around pornography use .
Parents need to improve dialogue with their children and their own awareness level .
They have to be educated enough to be the ones setting the boundaries in the house , " Thompson said .
" Families using media together is no longer the norm , so parents need to know what their kids have access to in their alone time , " Thompson said .
Teachers also need to tackle the issue in sex education classes , she added .
" Obviously it 's a huge influence on kids and it needs to be talked about .
There 's a whole subculture we are not addressing . "
Retailers , government and the media industry regulators also need to work with parents to ensure they are educated about limiting their children 's access to sexually explicit material , have strategies to talk with their teens , and that laws around the sale of porn to minors are enforced , Thompson said .
###
For more information on this study contact :
Sonya Thompson
Masters graduate student
Department of Human Ecology
University of Alberta
780-415-0885
sonyat@ualberta.ca
Opinion How can the Dollar Collapse in Iran ?
The Iranian Oil Bourse threatens the historic role of the US dollar as the world 's reserve currency .
By Rudo de Ruijter
Published February 15 , 2006
In 2002 , most journalists did not see what was behind the accusations that Iraq had WMDs .
Today , most people do not know what is behind the accusations that Iran has plans for nuclear weapons .
Iran 's threat is not nuclear , but far more dangerous to the US .
If Iran can open its upcoming euro - based Oil Bourse in Tehran on March 20th 2006 , Iran will threaten the US dollar .
Dollar Hegemony
Up to 1971 , each US dollar represented a fixed amount of gold .
During the Vietnam War , the US had printed and spent more money than their gold reserves allowed .
President Nixon had to abandon the gold guarantee .
Since then the dollar value is determined by the law of offer and demand on the exchange market .
Normally , the exchange rates between currencies reflect the health of their countries ' trade balances .
Countries that export more than they import will see their currency rise in value , and countries that buy more than they sell will see the value of their currency decrease .
This is the case for all other currencies , but not for the US dollar .
For 30 years the US has imported much more than it exported , and the trend is worsening .
Normally , this should make the currency fall in value , but the dollar has not fallen .
How is that possible ?
The same year Nixon abandoned the gold standard , the Oil Producing and Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) agreed they would only accept US dollars in payment for their oil .
This has a major advantage for the US : all other countries would have to buy dollars first before they can obtain oil .
This creates a permanent demand for dollars .
Those foreign countries account for roughly 85 percent of the international oil trade .
This is the part of the oil trade that takes place outside the US , between oil producing countries and foreign countries .
Foreign Oil Trade Dollar Cycle
Call it the foreign oil trade dollar cycle : dollars are bought on the exchange market and spent in oil producing countries , which spend them in countries around the world .
Those countries offer their dollar surplus on the exchange market and the cycle restarts .
Oil commerce always consumes more dollars .
Global consumption increases , which raises demand for the dollar and allows the US to increase its production of dollars .
Since they are needed outside the US , they have to be made available abroad .
This is where it becomes very interesting .
There is only one way to get the new notes outside the US : spend them and do free shopping around the world .
( These notes have only cost the paper and the ink . )
Of course , this creates a debt , for the foreigners could use these notes some day to buy goods , services , shares , buildings or land from the US .
But since they are now needed in the always - growing money cycle for the oil trade , there is no need to worry about that .
This system works like a fairy credit card .
Although the US has already much too much debt , suppliers cannot refuse to deliver goods , because they need the dollars for their oil purchases .
There are more sources of demand for dollars .
Dollars disappear from the oil trade cycle for use in international trade between countries abroad .
They form a huge amount of dollars that stays outside the US , only because of the preference of traders to use this currency .
Nearly the whole world needs dollars , so they are accepted nearly everywhere .
Central banks , when they can , keep reserves in foreign money to protect their own currency .
To explain it simply : if ever the money market would be glutted by their own currency , they could buy it back and offer the foreign currency in exchange .
These foreign banks traditionaly choose to build up their stategic reserves in the best accepted currency on the market : the US dollar .
Global Reserve Currency
For decades , the amount of dollars outside the US was generally growing .
Each additional dollar abroad has meant it had to leave the US , the US has spent it abroad , and it has increased the US debt .
Oceans of dollars are outside the US today .
However , when traders lose their preference for the dollar , huge waves might overflow the exchange market and make the dollar drop .
The US Treasury , the Federal Reserve , has an efficient way to pull dollar surpluses away from the exchange market : it offers bonds with interest .
It is a good way to control the rate of the dollar .
Pull more dollars from the market to see the rate go up , and pull fewer dollars from the market to see the rate go down .
These loans cost interest .
To pay for the interest the Fed issues new loans , which adds to the interest to be paid .
As a spiral the annual amounts have gone up and continue to increase .
The national debt is increasing explosively now , at over eight trillion dollars ( $ 8,000,000,000,000 ) .
45 percent is owed to foreign creditors .
You have to be very optimistic to believe that this debt will ever be paid back .
The only difficulty for the Fed is to find enough foreigners to buy their bonds .
Traditional buyers are growing more reluctant .
Often these are foreign banks and companies , which already have invested a lot in dollars .
They fear that if the dollar collapses , their investments will be worthless too .
To keep the dollar miracle going , the buyers still continue to buy bonds .
If they are shortsighted , they will think they get interest .
If they observe better , they will notice they have to buy additional bonds first and that the interest is paid with their own money .
Each year the US buys more goods than it sells .
For the year 2004 , the shortage on US commercial balance was six hundred and fifty billion dollars ( $ 650,000,000,000 ) , meaning that in average each US citizen enjoyed $ 3,000 more imported products than he or she earned .
Graphic of Trade Balances 1960 - 2004 , made with data from http://www.census.gov/foreign-trade/statistics/historical/gands.txt
You can express it as " the average productivity is too low " or " the government spends too much money " .
For instance , on the high military cost to fulfil the neoconservative dream to rule the world .
It will be an empire on credit , based on a strategy to keep the demand for dollars going , the dollar rate high enough , and Treasury Bonds attractive .
Iraq
Of course , Iraq 's destiny had already been sealed in the neo- conservatives ' plans even before Bush Jr. entered the White House .
In their eyes it is natural that the US should dominate the Middle East .
The US is world 's biggest oil consumer ( 25 percent of global oil consumption ) and most of world 's oil reserves are in the Middle East : Saudi Arabia ( 26 percent ) , Iraq ( 11.5 percent ) , Kuwait ( 10 percent ) and Iran ( 13 percent ) .
Iraq seemed already under control , as it had been paralysed since 1991 by the embargo .
The UN and US had inspected the country during many years without finding anything suspicious .
Sadam seemed already beaten .
However , he still had a trick .
Since 1997 , Iraq had been allowed to export oil in the Oil For Food program .
In 2000 Sadam asked the UN to convert the account of the Oil For Food program from dollars into euros .
The UN had no legal base to refuse it and from November 2000 Iraq sold its oil in euros .
Graphic of Dollar rate versus euro from 1998 to 2006 , made with data from http://fx.sauder.ubc.ca/data.html
As a result , the oil trade dollars became superfluous and overflowed the money exchange market .
They were soon followed by 10 billion dollars from the Iraqi reserve fund , and the dollar rate went down .
Seeing the dollar rate lowering , many operators in the rest of the world trade switched to the euro too , which lead to new waves of dollar offers on the exchange market and lowered the dollar rate further .
For the US it normally does not seem a big deal to absorb surpluses of dollars by issuing Treasury Bonds , as long as there are enough foreigners to buy them .
Once the dollars are absorbed , offer and demand would be stabilized again .
Nevertheless , Iraq 's switch to the euro reduced the market share for the permanent demand for dollars , and thus this reduced the upward force on the dollar rate .
When the world oil price would rise again , there would not be any extra dollar needed in the Iraqi oil trade .
It would permanently limit America 's free shopping .
Most painful , the US had no unlimited access to Iraqi oil anymore .
It had to buy euros to dispose of it .
In 2002 the fall of the dollar became more dramatic .
The White House spread lies about WMDs and prepared to invade Iraq .
Unfortunately the international community appeared to be reluctant .
Meanwhile the dollar continued falling .
In March 2003 , the US overruled the Security Council and attacked Iraq .
On June 6 , 2003 the Iraqi oil trade was switched back from euros to dollars . [ 10 ]
Iran
In spite of Iraq 's switch back to dollars , the fall of the dollar merely halted .
In the spring of 2003 Iran had started to sell their oil in euros too .
( Iran had announced its intention already in 1999 , but Sadam actually switched to the euro in November 2000 ) .
Iran 's move to the euro is logical if you realize that Iran sells 30 percent of its oil production to Europe and the rest mainly to India and China .
The Iranian oil price was still labeled in US dollars , but customers did not have to exchange their money into dollars anymore .
From August 2003 , the euro continued its march upwards and the dollar continued to go down .
Again huge amounts of superfluous dollars from the oil trade overflowed the exchange market and had to be mopped up by issuing Treasury Bonds .
However , this would not repair the needed permanent demand level .
It was not feasible to Invade Iran and turn the oil trade back into dollars , so a less popular method had to be used .
The oil price should rise .
This pumps the dollars into the oil trade again .
For each extra dollar needed by the US , seven times more dollars are needed abroad ( as 85 percent of the international oil trade takes place outside the US ) .
To make up for the loss of the Iranian trade the price increase had to be substantial .
US ' military spending needed extra credit , and thus extra oil price increases .
The prayers of the treasury have been heard .
Between July 2004 and September 2005 , spot prices doubled .
A few hurricanes helped US citizens , and the rest of the world 's oil consumers , accept the new policy .
To see Iran in the euro - camp is not pleasant for the US .
It creates a growing demand for euros .
On the contrary , the market share for the permanent dollar demand becomes narrower and so does the acceptance of the dollar in international commerce .
Between July 2004 and July 2005 the part of the dollar in world trade went down from 70 percent to 64 percent .
A little bit less than half of those 64 percent represents America 's part in world trade .
Oil bourse in euros
However , the biggest change has to come next month .
On March 20 , 2006 , the Iranians want to start an oil bourse in Teheran , with prices in euros .
This can have big effects on the exchange rate between dollars and euros .
If the oil price in euros gets lower than the oil price in dollars , there will be a rush on euros .
And if it the oil price in euros gets higher than its price in dollars , there will be a rush on dollars .
So , basically Teheran gets an influence in the exchange rate of the currencies , which means risks for both the US and Europe .
Today Teheran is pressured and threatened by both .
Fluctuations in exchange rates might also bother China 's exports to the US .
The New York based NYMEX and London based IPE would lose a lot of their power to set the world 's oil prices .
Normally , since Tehran 's bourse has to be attractive for oil producers and oil consumers , it would not be logical to expect important differences in price with the dollar - based markets .
Maybe just a bit lower , to build up a market share .
Each loss of market share of NYMEX and IPE is a big problem for the US , since it determines world 's permanent demand for dollars .
But the problem can also become much bigger .
At the moment that other oil producing countries switch to the euro , there will be new waves of superfluous dollars on the exchange market , which take the dollar rate down .
For the US , mopping them up by issuing bonds will then hardly be possible , since traditional buyers and central banks will prefer to convert , as least partly , to the euro too .
Pumping the dollars back into the oil trade with rises in oil prices worked fine in 2004 .
But from March 2006 this way out can easily be blocked by stabel prices in Teheran .
If prices in euros ramain stable , prices in dollars can hardly rise .
Prayers on the NYMEX and IPE market will be rather useless then .
If the US loses its means to get superfluous dollars from the exchange market , the fall of the dollar would be a fact .
As by coincidence the Federal Reserve has decided that from March 23 , 2006 they will not publish the M3 money aggregate anymore .
To put it simply , they will keep secret how many dollars are held in non-American banks .
When the dollar falls
There are a lot of speculations about what would happen when the dollar falls .
In my opinion it all depends on what will be left of the permanent demand for dollars .
As long as the dollar rate is not based purely on US imports and exports , any scenario of changings will turn out to be temporary .
I do not say these changings would not hurt , but in the end the US would still have its credit card and can continue to buy on tick .
Normally , when dollars become cheaper , American products and services become cheaper for foreigners .
Instead of buying bonds , foreigners would increase their imports from the US .
Simultaneously , foreign goods will become more expensive for the US .
But once again , the US will profit from the oil trade .
Oil producers will not accept a lower value for their barrils .
If the dollar goes down 10 percent , their prices will " logically " rise 10 percent .
( In this case the price converted to euros would remain the same . )
So this would mean that the permanent demand for dollars in the oil trade rises with 10 percent again .
At some point of the fall , the upward force on the dollar rate will be back , the US treasury will mop up the dollar overflow and the US can continue to buy on tick again .
Outside the US many central banks detain enormous reserves of dollars and treasury bonds .
These paper mountains would shrink in value .
Many industries detain dollar denominated capital .
In most cases their value will drop .
Many banks in the world hold dollar denominated assets .
They will have troubles in meeting the obligations to their clients .
These difficulties may lead to a cascade of bankrupts .
Sell Oil for Any Currency
The essence of the problem is the fact you need a special currency to buy oil .
As long as the world needs dollars to buy oil , the US makes abuse of the situation and buys on tick from the rest of the world .
The euro contains the same risks .
As long as there would be a motor for a permanent demand for euros like , for instance , an euro denominated oil bourse in Tehran , the eurozone could make debts and let it increase indefinitely .
To avoid such debts , the eurozone would have to export the equivalent of all euros needed outside its borders and keep the same amount in foreign currencies in their central bank .
Why would they ?
The credit trick worked fine for the US during more than 30 years !
When oil producing countries would sell oil in two or three different currencies , this simply means that the three involved countries can do the same trick as the US does now .
In the long run it would multiply the problem by three .
The only solution for this problem would be that oil selling countries accept all currencies on the market .
Tehran has already taken into consideration to accept more than one currency and not just the euro .
Step by step .
For the outside world the diplomatic joust is about nukes , which seems more exciting .
However , since 9/11 the whole world knows that rather inexpensive terrorist solutions are much more effective to do harm and that even a big arsenal of nukes does not offer any protection .
We are asked to believe Iran did not notice that and still wants such old fashioned nukes .
Aditional Reading
William R. Clark , Petrodollar Warfare : Dollars , Euros and the Upcoming Iranian Oil Bourse , Media Monitors Network , August 5 , 2005
Toni Straka , Killing the dollar in Iran , Asia Times , August 26 , 2005
America 's Foreign Owners , The Trumpet , Thursday , September 22 , 2005
Krassimir Petrov , Ph. D. , The Proposed Iranian Oil Bourse , 321 Gold , January 17 , 2006
Martin Walker , Iran 's really big weapon , United Press International , January 19 , 2006
Webster Tarpley , Behind the Mad Rush to Bomb Iran , Pressbox , Jan 25 2006
What Really Happened : Iran
Petroeuro , From Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia
Cóilín Nunan , Trading oil in euros - does it matter ? , Energy Bulletin , January 30 , 2006
Rudo de Ruijter is an independent analyst based in The Netherlands .
6 Comments Read Comments
Post a Comment
You must be logged in to comment .
An adult T. danae attacks the large fluorescent spotlights on the researchers ’ underwater camera ; links to full videos are included in the article ( Image : Tsunemi / Proc. Roy. Soc. B )
A large , deep - sea squid has been caught on video for the first time .
The footage of the Dana octopus squid shows that far from being sluggish , passive creatures , the bioluminescent creatures are fast , aggressive hunters .
Furthermore , the Japanese researchers who caught the squid on camera think they may have seen it attempt to communicate with the small torches they were dangling along with the bait in front of their underwater camera .
Taningia danae is an eight - armed squid measuring up to 2.3 metres long .
It has two large bioluminescent “ bulbs ” , called photophores , at the end of two of its arms .
The researchers filmed adult squid emitting both short and long flashes from their photophores when they attacked the small Japanese common squid that were used as bait .
Advertisement
The team suggests T. danae – which lives between 240 and 940 metres below the surface – might use these flashes to stun or distract their prey when attacking , and also to measure distances .
Watch a movie of a squid flashing at its prey before attacking .
Seductive lighting ?
The most curious flashing behaviour , however , was triggered by two pencil - shaped underwater torches that were attached to the bait .
The researchers noticed that when both torches were lit , adult squid would sometimes wander around the bait without attacking it .
They would produce long glows from both of their photophores as they approached the torches , then several shorter glows as they moved around it .
Watch a movie of a squid making flashes at the pencil torches .
The scientists think the squid may have mistaken the pair of torches for another squid and the long and short flashes could have been attempts at communication , or even courtship .
Many species of small and medium - sized squid have bioluminescent spots on their bellies and some have spots under their eyes .
These are thought to serve to identify their species , or indicate whether or not they are sexually mature .
But T. danae ‘s fluorescent bulbs are unusual in being situated at the end of its arms .
Flip around
The researchers were perhaps even more surprised to find that T. danae was an extremely active and aggressive animal .
Like many other large squid , its muscles are flabby because of the tiny bubbles of ammonia that give it buoyancy .
This has led researchers to suggest that these squid must be sluggish , largely inactive animals .
In fact , the videos shows that adults are extremely agile – they can flip around very suddenly .
They can also swim forwards just as easily as they swim backwards , reaching speeds of 9 kilometres per hour , by flapping their large triangular fins .
Watch a video of a large squid attacking the underwater camera ’s halogen spotlight .
“ I was surprised that T. danae could swim very rapidly and freely , ” Tsunemi Kubodera at the National Science Museum in Tokyo , Japan , told New Scientist .
“ I was also impressed by their aggressive hunting behaviour . ”
Kubodera was responsible for another squid first in 2005 , when he captured the first ever pictures of a live giant squid in its natural habitat .
Videos of other deep - sea squid species can be found here and here .
Journal reference : Proceedings of the Royal Society B : Biological Sciences ( DOI : 10.1098/rspb.2006.0236 )
Mysteries of the Deep Sea - The deep sea is one of the harshest habitats on Earth , but is home to many remarkable creatures .
Learn more in our comprehensive special report .
The Jamia Hafsa was accused of links to the 7/7 London bombings
The women , from the nearby Jamia Hafsa madrassa , burst in late on Tuesday , demanding the premises be shut down .
The women say they have a right to end immoral activity under Islamic law .
The BBC's Navdip Dhariwal in Islamabad says it is the first time such bold Taleban - style activity seen elsewhere in Pakistan has occurred in the city .
The Jamia Hafsa school has been at the centre of controversy in recent months .
In February , armed students prevented the authorities from demolishing an illegally constructed mosque and occupied a nearby children 's library .
They have also demanded that local video owners close their stores .
' Not mistreated '
Correspondents say prostitution is widespread in Pakistan , even though it is illegal .
The women who led Tuesday night 's raid near the city centre included teachers and students incensed , the school says , by reports the house was being used for immoral purposes .
They [ police ] have arrested our respected , veiled teachers for a corrupt woman
Abdul Rashid Ghazi ,
Jamia Hafsa vice - principal
Profile :
The red madrassa Inside the Jamia Hafsa
They were later joined by male colleagues from the men's section of the madrassa .
When the alleged brothel 's owner refused to shut the building , the raiding party forcibly shut it themselves and took the woman , her daughter and daughter - in - law back to the madrassa where they are still being held .
Initially the police were reluctant to step in to rescue the woman , but later registered a case and arrested two female teachers of the school .
But students then kidnapped two policemen from a nearby patrol .
They too are being held in the madrassa and were allowed to speak to reporters .
" They have not mistreated us , they have served us tea and allowed us to keep our mobile phones , " one of them , constable Hamad Raza said , the AFP news agency reports .
" We are told that negotiations are under way and we hope the matter will be over soon , " he said .
School officials also say that two other teachers have been missing since early on Wednesday morning and that they believe they were kidnapped by intelligence agencies .
Their whereabouts is unclear .
School raided
The Jamia Hafsa has long been a problem for the capital city administration and Pakistan 's President General Musharraf .
It has often criticised his policies in the " war on terror " and called for Islamic law to be enforced in Pakistan .
The madrassa was among schools raided after the London bombings of July 2005 over alleged links with the bombers .
Madrassa officials deny any such links .
Our correspondent says it appears the administration is reluctant or helpless to take action against the school 's teachers and students .
The incident comes amid concerns over the increasing " Talebanisation " of parts of Pakistan .
In Pakistan 's tribal areas and in North West Frontier Province ( NWFP ) , religious groups have sought to impose strict Islamic law on local people .
Across the tribal areas and in parts of NWFP , video and CD shops have been attacked and closed , barbers are banned from shaving beards and non-religious music and singing is prohibited .
Click ( A ) Optical image showing a collection of biocontainers .
( B - D ) Optical and Scanning electron microscopy images at different stages of the fabrication process : ( B ) the 2D precursor with electrodeposited surfaces , ( C ) the precursor with surfaces and hinges , and ( D ) the self - assembled biocontainer .
Click here for a high resolution photograph .
Johns Hopkins researchers have devised a self - assembling cube - shaped perforated container , no larger than a dust speck , that could serve as a delivery system for medications and cell therapy .
The relatively inexpensive microcontainers can be mass - produced through a process that mixes electronic chip - making techniques with basic chemistry .
Because of their metallic nature , the cubic container 's location in the body could easily be tracked by magnetic resonance imaging .
The method of making these self - assembling containers and the results of successful lab tests involving the cubes were reported in a paper published in the December 2005 issue of the journal Biomedical Microdevices .
In the tests , the hollow cubes housed and then dispensed microbeads and live cells commonly used in medical treatment .
" Our group has developed a new process for fabricating three - dimensional micropatterned containers for cell encapsulation and drug delivery , " said David H. Gracias , who led the lab team .
" We 're talking about an entirely new encapsulation and delivery device that could lead to a new generation of ' smart pills . '
The long - term goal is to be able to implant a collection of these therapeutic containers directly at the site or an injury or an illness . "
Gracias is an assistant professor in the Department of Biomolecular and Chemical Engineering in the Whiting School of Engineering at Johns Hopkins .
He focuses on building micro and nanosystems with medical applications .
He believes the microcontainers developed in his lab could someday incorporate electronic components that would allow the cubes to act as biosensors within the body or to release medication on demand in response to a remote - controlled radio frequency signal .
To make the self - assembling containers , Gracias and his colleagues begin with some of the same techniques used to make microelectronic circuits : thin film deposition , photolithography and electrodeposition .
These methods produce a flat pattern of six squares , in a shape resembling a cross .
Each square , made of copper or nickel , has small openings etched into it , so that it eventually will allow medicine or therapeutic cells to pass through .
The researchers use metallic solder to form hinges along the edges between adjoining squares .
When the flat shapes are heated briefly in a lab solution , the metallic hinges melt .
High surface tension in the liquified solder pulls each pair of adjoining squares together like a swinging door .
When the process is completed , they form a perforated cube .
When the solution is cooled , the solder hardens again , and the containers remain in their box - like shape .
" To make sure it folds itself exactly into a cube , we have to engineer the hinges very precisely , " Gracias said .
" The self - assembly technique allows us to make a large number of these microcontainers at the same time and at a relatively low cost . "
The tiny cubes are coated with a very thin layer of gold , so that they are unlikely to pose toxicity problems within the body .
The microcontainers have not yet been implanted in humans or animals , but the researchers have conducted lab tests to demonstrate how they might work in medical applications .
Gracias and his colleagues used micropipettes to insert into the cubes a suspension containing microbeads that are commonly used in cell therapy .
The lab team showed that these beads could be released from the cubes through agitation .
The researchers also inserted human cells , similar to the type used in medical therapy , into the cubes .
A positive stain test showed that these cells remained alive in the microcontainers and could easily be released .
At the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine 's In Vivo Cellular and Molecular Imaging Center , researcher Barjor Gimi and colleagues then used MRI technology to locate and track the metallic cubes as they moved through a sealed microscopic s- shaped fluid channel .
This demonstrated that physicians will be able to use non-invasive technology to see where the therapeutic containers go within the body .
Some of the cubes ( those made mostly of nickel ) are magnetic , and the researchers believe it should be possible to guide them directly to the site of an illness or injury .
The researchers are now refining the microdevices so that they have nanoporous surfaces .
Gimi , whose research focuses on magnetic resonance microimaging of cell function , envisions the use of nanoporous devices for cell encapsulation in hormonal therapy .
He also envisions biosensors mounted on these devices for non-invasive signal detection .
" We believe these self - assembling microcontainers have great potential as a new tool for medical diagnostics and treatment , " Gracias said .
Lead author on the Biomedical Microdevices paper was Gimi , a post - doctoral fellow in the Russell H. Morgan Department of Radiology and Radiological Science in the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine .
Gracias served as senior author .
Co-authors were Timothy Leong , a doctoral student in the Johns Hopkins Department of Biomolecular and Chemical Engineering ; Zhiyong Gu , a postdoctoral fellow in the Department of Biomolecular and Chemical Engineering ; Michael Yang , an undergraduate majoring in biomedical engineering ; Dmitri Artemov , an associate professor in the Department of Radiology ; and Zaver M. Bhujwalla , a professor in the Department of Radiology and director of the In Vivo Cellular and Molecular Imaging Center .
###
The research was supported in part by a grant from the Johns Hopkins University In Vivo Cellular and Molecular Imaging Center funded by the National Institutes of Health .
The Johns Hopkins University has filed for a provisional patent covering the self - assembling microcontainer technology .
Images of the technology and the researchers available ; contact Phil Sneiderman .
Select a Polly doll or a year at the left to view Polly Pocket information or sets available for sale
The year coincides with the date on the bottom of the Polly Pocket set Meet Polly 's Friends This is Fifi .
She has an apartment in Paris and you can find her in Fifi 's Parisian Apartment ( 1990 ) Meet Midge !
Midge runs a flower shop .
Go visit her at Midge 's Flower Shop ( 1990 ) Here are Suki and Atsuko !
They live in Japan and have a Japanese Tea House .
Come and join them for a walk through their garden and afternoon tea Suki's Japanese Tea House ( 1990 ) Alexia is visiting Polly at the beach !
Come along - they are going to swim , tan and BBQ at Polly 's Summer House ( 1993 ) Little Lulu is traveling !
She 's going camping and you are invited to join her Camp Days Locket ( 1991 ) Chef Belinda makes the best pizza in Pollyville !
Torry is having lunch with Polly .
You can have some , too !
It is at the Pollyville Pizzeria Kelly will serve your pizza and soda Fairy Ella and Pixie have gone to the Fairylight Ball ( 1993 ) ...
You can go , too !
There is a balloon ride and a fairy wheel .
And the fairies dance when Pixie conducts the Fairy Band .
SCO has filed its 10Q for the quarter ending July 31 , 2006 , and it's a sad story of decline , which it blames squarely on everyone but itself :
Revenue from our UNIX business decreased by $ 1,931,000 , or 21 % , for the three months ended July 31 , 2006 compared to the three months ended July 31 , 2005 and decreased by $ 5,549,000 , or 20 % , for the nine months ended July 31 , 2006 compared to the nine months ended July 31 , 2005 .
The revenue from this business has been declining over the last several periods primarily as a result of increased competition from alternative operating systems , particularly Linux .
We believe the inclusion of our UNIX code and derivative works in Linux has been a contributor to the decline in our UNIX business because users of Linux generally do not pay for the operating system itself , but pay for services and maintenance .
...
Our SCOsource revenue for the years ended October 31 , 2005 and 2004 was significantly lower than revenue generated during the year ended October 31 , 2003 , and we believe and allege our revenue and related revenue opportunities have been adversely impacted by Novellâ€™s claim of UNIX copyright ownership , which may have caused potential customers to delay or forego licensing with us until an outcome in this legal matter has been reached .
I hate to break the news , but I do n't think anyone is foregoing or postponing licensing with SCO .
I think they do n't plan on doing so ever .
Their tale of woe is compounded by legal expenses , as described in the Risks section , those expenses going up just as their income is going down .
It seems they had to fill up the escrow glass again in June and those experts are n't cheap :
On June 5 , 2006 , we entered into an amendment to the Engagement Agreement and agreed with the Law Firms to deposit an additional $ 5,000,000 into the escrow account to cover additional expert , consulting and other expenses .
In the event that we exhaust these funds , we will continue to pay for expert , consulting and other expenses through the conclusion of our litigation with IBM .
As we continue with discovery and other trial preparations , we may be required to place additional amounts into the escrow account , which could harm our liquidity position .
As of July 31 , 2006 , we had a total of $ 13,960,000 in cash and cash equivalents and available - for - sale marketable securities and an additional $ 1,561,000 of restricted cash to be used to pursue the SCO Litigation .
Since October 31 , 2004 , we have spent $ 8,439,000 for expert , consulting and other costs as agreed to in the Engagement Agreement with our legal counsel in the SCO Litigation .
How about that ?
8 1/2 million dollars in about two years just for experts and consultants .
Let 's face it .
It has to be hard to get anyone to agree to help you if you are the SCO Group .
I am imagining SCO approaching an expert and asking for help with the litigation .
" Could you say that errno.h violates our copyrights or copies our methods and concepts ? "
And in my imagination I hear the expert snort , " Hah ! Maybe for a cool million ! "
" Done , " says SCO , reaching into a suitcase .
Joke , joke .
But 8 1/2 million is a lot of money , particularly since it's on top of the $ 26 million already paid for attorneys ' fees .
Only a million and a half left in the escrow pot .
And no end in sight .
Here 's the breakdown :
The Company incurred a net loss of $ 12,855,000 for the nine months ended July 31 , 2006 and during that same period used cash of $ 7,050,000 in its operating activities .
A significant portion of the net loss and the cash used in operating activities was associated with the Company protecting and defending its intellectual property rights .
As of July 31 , 2006 , the Company had a total of $ 8,861,000 in cash and cash equivalents , $ 5,099,000 in available - for - sale marketable securities , and $ 2,010,000 in restricted cash , of which $ 1,561,000 is designated to pay for experts , consultants and other expenses in the SCO Litigation , and the remaining $ 449,000 of restricted cash is payable to Novell for its retained binary royalty stream .
The one advantage to making less is they owe Novell less this quarter .
Last 10 Q it was $ 3,200,000 .
Lower income taxes too .
So that 's the good news .
Here 's the 8 K filed on June 8 , 2006 announcing the amendment to the agreement with Boies Schiller and the gang , otherwise known as " The Three Original Firms " , the amendment being titled First Amendment to the Letter Agreement dated October 31 , 2004 among The SCO Group , Inc. , Boies , Schiller & Flexner LLP , Kevin McBride , and Berger Singerman :
The purpose of the Amendment is to replenish , as necessary , the escrow account ( the " Escrow Account " ) , which is designed to cover the expert , consulting and other expenses of the current litigation between the Company and International Business Machines Corporation , Novell , Inc. , Red Hat , Inc. , AutoZone , Inc. and Daimler Chrysler , Inc .
The Company and BSF mutually agreed , pursuant to the terms of the Amendment , to initially replenish the Escrow Account in the amount of $ 5 million .
We also get to understand what Darl McBride was talking about in the recent 3Q financials call , when he mentioned troubles with certification :
The success of our UNIX business will depend on the level of commitment and certification we receive from industry partners and developers .
In recent years , we have seen hardware and software vendors as well as software developers turn their certification and application development efforts toward Linux and elect not to continue to support or certify to our UNIX operating system products .
If this trend continues , our competitive position will be adversely impacted and our future revenue from our UNIX business will decline .
The decline in our UNIX business may be accelerated if industry partners withdraw their support from us for any reason , including our SCO Litigation .
The problem SCO faces is a kind of Catch 22 .
No one wants to bother with certification or application development efforts for software not many folks are buying .
And then because of a lack of certification or applications , fewer will buy .
Here 's the part about fewer buying :
If the market for UNIX continues to contract , our business will be harmed .
Our revenue from the sale of UNIX products has declined over the last several years .
This decrease in revenue has been attributable primarily to increased competition from other operating systems , particularly Linux .
Our sales of UNIX products and services are primarily to existing customers .
If the demand for UNIX products continues to decline , and we are unable to develop UNIX products and services that successfully address a market demand , our UNIX revenue will continue to decline , industry participants may not certify to our operating system and products , we may not be able to attract new customers or retain existing customers and our business and results of operations will be adversely affected .
Because of the long adoption cycle for operating system purchases and the long sales cycle of our operating system products , we may not be able to reverse these revenue declines quickly .
See , if you put almost all your money into the pot marked " Litigation " and very little into the pot marked " R&D " you can end up with very few , if any , customers .
Pipe fairies , maybe .
But not customers for your products .
And if you quit selling Linux just as it really starts to take off , well , as my mom used to tell me when I was a kid and made poor decisions , " You made your bed .
Now you must lie in it . "
Their R&D expenses were actually up a bit , but that was , they say , " primarily attributable to increased travel costs and from stock - based compensation . "
Of course that is n't the primary problem .
Their primary problem I would think would be persuading their customers that they 'll still be around a year from now .
SCO first says this : A material , negative impact on the Company 's results of operations or financial position from the Red Hat , Inc. , IPO Class Action , or Indian Distributor matters , or the IBM or Novell counterclaims is neither probable nor estimable .
OK .
That 's in the Legal section .
But a little further down , they repeat that information , and then they add this :
Because these matters are not probable or estimable , we have not recorded any reserves or contingencies related to these legal matters .
In the event that our assumptions used to evaluate these matters as neither probable nor estimable changes in future periods , we may be required to record a liability for an adverse outcome , which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position .
I 'm not an accountant , but that reads to me like they have nothing set aside and do n't plan to set anything aside to pay damages with in the " improbable " event that they lose to IBM et al , because who'd a thunk they might lose ?
What could be more improbable than SCO losing ?
And even if it were likely , they do n't know how much they 'd have to pay .
So la de da , no need to plan for an improbable and impossible to estimate rainy day .
Here 's an article [ PDF ] that explains the financial accounting rules that SCO is referencing : Apart from those purely legal considerations , you also must help determine whether the company is required to recognize the potential loss contingency in the financial statements and disclose the existence of the potential suit to shareholders .
... If you reach the wrong decision , your company could be required to restate its financial statements , and perhaps face shareholder litigation , SEC enforcement action , or criminal charges ....
A loss contingency is a loss ( i.e. , the impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability ) arising from a past event , the amount of which , if any , will be confirmed by a future event that is not within the company 's control .
Examples of loss contingencies include , but are not limited to , the threat of or pending lawsuits against the corporation , or its officers if they have been indemnified by the company .
Such a contingency can , in certain cases , obligate the corporation to record a reserve in anticipation of a judgment against the corporation or a settlement , or perhaps disclose the existence of the contingency in its financial statements ....
In particular , FAS 5 , which establishes standards for financial accounting and reporting for loss contingencies , dictates in paragraph eight that a loss contingency must be recognized as a charge to income if both of the following standards are met : a .
Information available prior to issuance of the financial statement indicates that it is probable that an asset had been impaired or a liability had been incurred at the date of the financial statements .
It is implicit in this condition that it must be probable that one or more future events will occur confirming the fact of the loss ; and b .
The amount of loss can be reasonably estimated .
... However , even if in - house counsel and accounting arrive at a consensus that no accrual must be made because the two conditions in paragraph eight have not been satisfied , the corporation may still be required to make a disclosure of the contingency if it is determined to be reasonably possible .
In such a case , a corporation must " indicate the nature of the contingency and shall give an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss or state that such an estimate cannot be made . "
There are exceptions to this rule , however .
A corporation would not always be required to disclose a loss contingency where the claim is unasserted , such as where the potential claimant has not demonstrated an awareness of an entitlement to a claim .
If , however , it is probable that a claim will be asserted , and there is a reasonable possibility that the claimant will prevail on such claim , then a disclosure is mandated .
Well .
That was interesting .
There 's a lot more in the article .
It 's well worth reading , particularly in this context .
Is it really so that one cannot even provide a reasonable ball park guesstimate of damages if SCO loses ?
Um .
Now that IBM 's experts have provided their expertise ?
Here 's the definitions of gradations of likelihood in the rule :
A future event confirming the amount a loss contingency is reasonably possible , the statement provides , when " the chance of the future event or events occurring is more than remote but less than likely . "
On the other hand , such a chance is remote when " the chance of the future event or events occurring is slight . "
If the loss contingency is determined to be probable , the loss should be recognized , provided it can be reasonably estimated .
Losing to IBM is not " more than remote " ?
And can you imagine what their financials would look like if they actually did n't decide such a contingency was improbable and not estimable ?
Not just red ink .
They 'd have to invent a new color .
Then in the Risks section , SCO says this :
If we do not prevail in our action against IBM , or if IBM is successful in its counterclaims against us , our business and results of operations would be materially harmed and we may not be able to continue in business .
That 's the part that may be scaring off customers .
Do they sincerely believe losing the IBM litigation is in the improbable category ?
Then there are these ominous - sounding words , at least if one is looking for a long - term relationship : Because of the unique and unpredictable nature of the SCO Litigation , the occurrence and timing of certain expenses is difficult to predict , and will be difficult to predict for the upcoming quarters .
We will continue to make payments for technical , damage and industry experts , consultants and for other fees .
However , future legal fees may include contingency payments made to the Law Firms as a result of a settlement , judgment , or a sale of our Company , which could cause the cost of SCOsource licensing revenue for the three months ending October 31 , 2006 to be higher than the costs incurred for the three months ended July 31 , 2006 .
The case does n't go to trial until February of 2007 , so a judgment before October is pretty much out .
IBM has shown zero interest in settling .
So that leaves sale of the company .
Things that make you go hmm .
If I were an employee , I 'd probably notice this section : General and administrative expenses consist of the salaries and benefits of finance , human resources , and executive management and expenses for professional services and corporate allocations .
General and administrative expenses increased by $ 182,000 , or 11 % , during the three months ended July 31 , 2006 as compared to the three months ended July 31 , 2005 .
The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to increased professional services costs and stock - based compensation , offset in part by decreased personnel and related costs .
General and administrative expenses decreased by $ 307,000 , or 6 % , during the nine months ended July 31 , 2006 as compared to the nine months ended July 31 , 2005 .
The decrease in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to decreased personnel and related costs as well as decreased accounting and legal fees , offset , in part , by an increase in stock - based compensation .
Included in general and administrative expenses for the three months ended July 31 , 2006 and 2005 was $ 264,000 and $ 0 , respectively , of stock - based compensation .
Included in general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended July 31 , 2006 and 2005 was $ 736,000 and $ 0 , respectively , of stock - based compensation .
For the three months ending October 31 , 2006 , we anticipate that the dollar amount of general and administrative expenses will be lower than that incurred during the three months ended July 31 , 2006 .
Time to dust off that resume ?
They seem to be losing service contracts too : Services revenue consists primarily of technical support fees , engineering services fees , professional services fees and consulting fees .
These fees are typically charged and invoiced separately from UNIX products sales .
The decrease in services revenue of $ 179,000 , or 13 % , for the three months ended July 31 , 2006 as compared to the three months ended July 31 , 2005 and the decrease in services revenue of $ 358,000 , or 8 % , for the nine months ended July 31 , 2006 as compared to the nine months ended July 31 , 2005 was primarily attributable to a decrease in professional services revenue as well as from a decrease in support and engineering services contracts .
It 's just crazy woe after woe .
It probably was n't received well that they started suing their own customers .
Folks started lining up at the Exit signs .
I guess SCO must feel they flew past the point of no return , and they are course committed now .
But it 's suicide by courtroom and it's hard to watch .
Just think for a minute if they 'd put $ 34 1/2 million into R&D and marketing instead of this wacko litigation .
Or just fed the world 's hungry .
Even that would have made more sense than this endless gushing of money out of every body cavity SCO has straight into their lawyers ' pockets .
Well , one of the lawyers is Darl 's brother , so at least some of it is staying in the family .
Photo : Elinor Carucci
Every couple of years , another once - scandalous sex taboo starts making its way toward the commonplace .
A decade ago , blow jobs were what people whispered about ; then three - ways became the naughty bedroom act .
Now , it ’s anal sex — but according to the Centers for Disease Control ’s National Survey of Family Growth , it ’s rapidly becoming a regular feature of hetero couples ’ horizontal activities .
The survey , released last year , showed that 38.2 percent of men between 20 and 39 and 32.6 percent of women ages 18 to 44 engage in heterosexual anal sex .
Compare that with the CDC ’s 1992 National Health and Social Life survey , which found that only 25.6 percent of men 18 to 59 and 20.4 percent of women 18 to 59 indulged in it .
Anecdotal research also demonstrates curiosity is on the rise .
Babeland ’s anal - sex workshops are now held three or four times a year , instead of once , and they ’re filled with straight couples .
“ More and more , people are devoting themselves to learning about anal pleasure , ” says Carolyn Riccardi , education coordinator for Babeland ’s New York retail stores .
“ Male - to - female anal sex has been happening since the dawn of time , ” she says .
“ What ’s different now is that women are actively learning how to enjoy it and have fun with it . ”
“ I first did it with my husband , ” says Lisa , a recently divorced thirtysomething from across the Hudson .
“ It was a regular part of our married sex life , and I enjoyed it .
I think it can feel good for anyone — except if you ’re too uptight about it , meaning , you ’re literally tight - assed . ”
Ah , yes , the anal - sex dilemma :
If you think it ’s going to hurt , it will .
Relaxation is n’t the only requirement for a good experience :
Too much aggression ( and no lube ) can put a woman off anal sex permanently .
And not all guys are anal enthusiasts , either .
Jim , a 27 - year - old consultant , has been given the opportunity by willing partners but has n’t taken the plunge .
He agrees that it seems to be on the rise among his friends but wonders whether it ’s “ really a cultural shift or just something we ease into semi-contemporaneously as we age , like marriage or buying real estate or listening to jazz rap . ”
The idea that anal is something couples eventually turn to for sexual variety seems to be supported by the CDC survey , which shows the lowest numbers among those who ’ve never been married and are not cohabiting , compared with those who are cohabiting , married , or divorced .
“ For me , anal sex is very intimate , much more so than regular sex .
If I care about someone , I ’m willing to experiment , ” says Irene , a 33 - year - old East Village environmentalist who has been doing it with Lex , a 30 - year - old Wall Streeter .
But when we press
Lex on whether he likes to receive anal attention from his girlfriends , he responds , “ Call me old - fashioned , but the guy should be the penetrator , not the penetratee , no ? ”
It ’s an attitude still widely held by many straight men today , and one that ’s reflected in the CDC survey :
Though the report is chock - full of all kinds of straight , gay , and lesbian sex in fairly graphic detail , there ’s absolutely no research on female - to - male anal play .
It turns out that the straight - male fear of reciprocal anal play is a potent mix of sexism and homophobia ; a straight man can do it to someone else , but having it done to him is n’t okay .
But the newly discovered anti-cancer benefits of prostate stimulation are giving straight guys — especially the progressive New York breed — a legitimate excuse to be more , shall we say , open to exploration .
And men ’s magazines , which until recently discussed anal sex only in terms of how to trick a girlfriend into giving it up , now publish articles on the Aneros — the doctor - created , FDA - approved prostate stimulator — and the male G - spot , a .k.a. the P - spot , a.k.a. the He-spot .
“ Straight guys come in looking for the Aneros , ” says Riccardi , “ but once they get all their questions answered , they ’ll walk out with something more fun and less medical for themselves .
Or their girlfriends will come in looking for ways they can be the penetrator , too . ”
When Riccardi first started working at Babeland three years ago , she would gently ask straight female customers if they ’d ever tried sticking a finger up their boyfriend ’s or husband ’s bum , and they ’d shoot her looks of horror .
“ Now when I ask them that question , they almost all say , ‘ Oh , sure . ’ ” The store ’s strap - on sales have never been higher .
“ My wife is totally turned on by the idea of ‘ having ’ me , as that ’s just not something women really get to do most of the time , and it ’s not something that guys have usually had done to them .
It really is a reversal in the most primal of ways , ” explains newlywed Brooklynite Anthony .
“ I think anyone who does n’t enjoy it or thinks they would n’t is hindered by their own hang - ups .
It feels good , period .
And breaking taboos is sexy .
Variety is sexy .
Being vulnerable is sexy . ”
Em & Lo are the authors of Sex Toy : An A - Z Guide to Bedside Accessories and Rec Sex : An A - Z Guide to Hooking Up .
Battlestar Galactica 2004 Easter Egg - Serenity in the Fleet
In the original pilot and in several episodes of the new Battlestar Galactica , amongst the various ships of the fleet , you 'll occasionally spot the Firefly Class ship , " Serenity " from the Joss Whedon TV show " Firefly " .
The agency which handles the optical effects for BSG is the same as " Firefly " 's and no doiubt wound up there aa their own little tribute .
User Rating : 9.2 9.2/10 with 67 votes Contributed By : Redbeard_nv on 06-14-2005 Reviewed By : butterhoney12 , DomFeargrieve
Special Requirements :
Please correct this Egg if you see errors .
Pictures and Videos
Video of the Egg Serenity flies through downtown Caprica City
Comments
Television SetDo you have another one ?
Send us a picture or video of this Egg !
I ’ve been playing around with the beta version of Joost for the past few weeks .
If you have n’t heard already , Joost is a “ new way of watching TV on the internet . ”
You can choose from over a dozen channels and pretty much watch TV completely free from your computer .
It ’s definately a cool concept , and there ’s no surprise that Joost has been receiving plenty of hype from the media and Internets .
But there ’s only one problem : Joost sucks .
The biggest flaw with Joost is the content .
Honestly , who wants to watch National Geographics and GameStar TV .
And if you like sports , you ’re stuck with Indy racing , soccer , and some crappy extreme sports channel .
They ’ve also thrown in big names like MTV and Comedy Central for good measure , but you only get the reject programs like Laguna Beach ( wtf ? ) and Stella .
There are also problems with the actual software .
I ’m currently running on a 6 month old Macbook with plenty of RAM .
When I fire up Joost , I feel like my laptop is about to explode .
So do n’t even think about running any other application if you have Joost open .
Although I ’ve upgraded to the latest version of Joost , I ’m still experiencing random delays and crashes .
Not good at all .
But enough bitching and moaning from me .
Joost is currently invite - only , and I ’ve got a few invites left .
If you want to see what the hype is all about , leave a comment and I ’ll send out invites on a first come first serve basis .
Update :
You can manually invite yourself to the Joost beta here .
Joost also came out with a new software upgrade today , which crashes your computer even more .
Folks , it still sucks .
If you want a real Internet TV solution , get yourself a Slingbox .
I ’ve had mine for over a week and it seriously kicks ass .
This answer is slightly at a tangent , because I 'm not a creationist .
But it 's interesting ( and ironic ) to note that the mainstream evolutionary branch of the scientific community is equally unable to explain the fossil record , as current theory stands .
It represents something of an embarrassment actually , which is the reason that scientists will tend not to use it as an argument against creationists ( despite the fact that - as you point out - it seems to be a bit of a clincher ) .
The problem is that the fossil record does not provide good evidence for a process of gradual evolution from one species to another , and indeed provides increasingly strong evidence against it , as there is a distinct and un - get - roundable lack of transitional forms between the recognised species .
There is an interesting & thought - provoking article here :
http://www.taemag.com/issues/articleID.18132/artic...
from someone who is in neither camp - although he definitely has an agenda of his own ...
How many laptops does the FBI lose ?
The Office of the Inspector General ( or OIG ; it's a part of the Department of Justice ) sought to find out back in 2001 , when it did an initial audit of the Bureau 's losses of both weapons and laptops .
The findings of that first audit were bad enough that the OIG began a follow - up on it , the results of which have just been released .
The good news is that losses are dropping .
The bad news is that they 're still happening , and the FBI does n't know if secure information is entering the wild .
When the initial audit was completed in 2002 , the FBI was losing 3.82 functional weapons a month ( training weapons were going missing at an even higher rate of 5.07 each month ) .
Laptop losses were even worse , with 10.71 disappearing every thirty days .
The new audit shows significantly better numbers : only 1.09 functional weapons and 2.64 laptops were lost each month , and losses of training weapons dropped all the way to 0.41 .
While the OIG applauds the work that the Bureau has done so far , they still raise questions about the loss rate and about the FBI 's procedures for handling such events .
Losing guns is n't a good thing , but losing laptops can be just as bad , especially when they contain classified information .
Unfortunately , the OIG determined that the FBI does n't even know which of its computers contain such information .
" Perhaps most troubling , " says the report , " the FBI could not determine in many cases whether the lost or stolen laptop computers contained sensitive or classified information .
Such information may include case information , personal identifying information , or classified information on FBI operations . "
Laptops can also contain goodies like the software that the FBI uses to make its identification badges , a copy of which was installed on a laptop stolen from the Boston Field Office in July 2002 .
In the 44 months that it took to complete the new audit , the FBI lost 160 weapons and 160 laptop computers — a massive improvement over the 354 weapons and 317 laptops lost during the first 28 - month - long audit .
In any organization the size of the FBI , equipment is going to be lost , misplaced , or stolen , so perfection is not to be expected .
The substantial progress made by the Bureau is encouraging , but the OIG still claims that the FBI " has not taken sufficient corrective action on several recommendations contained in our 2002 audit report . "
To help them fix the problems , the OIG has thoughtfully offered 13 more suggestions .
For example , the FBI has to make sure that a form FD - 500 is filled out that describes the contents of every laptop computer , and it needs to do a better job of making sure that employees leaving the agency return FBI property .
Shell scripts are good for a lot of things .
It ’s quick and easy to design shell scripts that take input from one program , pass it to another program , munge it for filenames , etc .
But there are a few drawbacks to shell scripts .
The # 1 drawback , in my opinion , is that it is extremely difficult to get quoting and escaping right .
I often see things like $ @ in shell scripts ( breaks if a parameter has a space in it ) .
I also see people failing to check for errors properly ( set -e helps that ) .
It ’s also difficult to do a more modern style of exception handling ( do a sequence of actions in a temporary directory , and always remove that directory , even if there ’s an error , but stop processing and propogate the error ) .
Command - line parsing is esoteric and odd , even with getopt .
That ’s not to say that it ’s impossible to make a secure shell script that handles filenames with spaces in them properly .
Just that it ’s difficult , and makes using common operators like backticks difficult .
Awhile back , I toyed with the idea of making Haskell a shell scripting language .
This week , I spent some time to make this a reality .
I released HSH , a shell scripting environment for Haskell .
HSH makes it easy to run shell commands , set up pipelines , etc. straight from Haskell .
You can either use simple strings to invoke commands ( they ’ll be passed to sh - c ) , or you can specify arguments as a list ( like exec … ( ) takes ) , which eliminates the strange filename problems .
But the really cool thing is that HSH does n’t just let you pipe from one external program to another .
It also lets you pipe to / from pure Haskell functions .
Yes , you can pipe the output of ls -l straight into a Haskell version of grep .
I ’ve found it to be very nice , especially for more complex processing tasks .
I put these simple examples on the HSH homepage :
run $ " echo /etc/ pass * " :: IO String -> " /etc / passwd /etc/ passwd -" runIO $ " ls - l " - |- " wc - l " -> 12 runIO $ " ls - l " - |- wcL -> 12
In this example , wcL is a pure - Haskell line - counting function .
The results were surprising .
According to SLOCCount , porting hg - buildpackage from a shell script to a HSH script achieved a 20 % reduction in source lines of code .
And at the same time , gained better error handling , better safety of filenames , better type safety ( compile - time type checking ) , etc .
Yet it does exactly the same thing in almost exactly the same way .
Even greater savings will occur too .
I decided to reimplement a small part of sed just for fun , and that code is still in my tree .
If I removed that and replaced it with a call to sed as in the shell version , that would probably buy another 5 % savings .
I did n’t really expect to achieve a reduction in lines of code .
I thought that I ’d be lucky to come close to breaking even .
After all , who ’d expect something other than the shell to be better at shell scripting ?
I do n’t know if these results are generalizable , but I ’m really excited about it .
Reports claim al - Qaeda members are being held in clandestine jails The European Union 's top justice official has warned that any EU state found to have hosted a secret CIA jail could have its voting rights suspended .
Franco Frattini said the consequences would be " extremely serious " if reports of such prisons turned out to be true .
This comes amid an EU investigation into claims that US secret agents ran clandestine jails in eastern Europe .
In the case of Romania , a senior Euro MP has questioned whether its accession to the EU should go ahead as planned .
The US has refused to confirm or deny the reports of secret jails , which surfaced in the US earlier this month .
' No response ' Speaking at a news conference in Berlin , the EU Justice Commissioner said he would call for tough penalties against any involved state .
It is very , very important to get the truth
Franco Frattini
EU Justice Commissioner " I would be obliged to propose to the Council [ of EU Ministers ] serious consequences , including the suspension of voting rights in the council , " he said .
He said a suspension of voting rights would be justified if any country is found to have breached the bloc 's founding principles of human rights , democracy and the rule of law .
Such a move would be unprecedented .
A diplomatic source said that to suspend a member state 's voting rights in the Council of the European Union , the other 25 member states would have to vote unanimously to take such a step , which would be unlikely to happen in practice .
Mr Frattini said the Bush administration had asked for more time to deliver a response to the accusations after a senior commission official formally raised the issue on a visit to Washington last week .
" Right now , there is no [ US ] response , " he said .
The allegations that the CIA held al - Qaeda suspects in secret prisons in Eastern Europe were first reported in the Washington Post on 2 November .
According to civil liberties group Human Rights Watch , the jails are based in Romania and Poland .
' Secret flights '
Mr Frattini said Romania 's Interior Minister , Vasil Blaga , told him there were no such prisons in his country .
Elmar Brok , the chairman of the European Parliament 's Foreign Affairs Committee , said if Romania had secret prisons the EU ought to reopen accession talks , despite the treaties which had already been signed .
Mr Frattini said it was " very , very important to get the truth " , but he cautioned that it was " impossible to move only on the basis of allegations " .
Meanwhile , Germany 's Foreign Minister Frank - Walter Steinmeier is expected to raise the issue of " secret " prisons in talks with US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice in Washington on Tuesday .
Speaking on a visit to the United Nations in New York , Mr Steinmeier said he presumed " the seriousness of these [ accusations ] is being recognised " by the Bush administration .
The UK Foreign Office has confirmed that Britain will be writing to the US , on behalf the EU , to clarify the reports of secret prisons , which were reportedly set up after the 11 September 2001 attacks .
Spain , Sweden and Iceland are looking into separate reports that CIA planes stopped in their territory while transporting terror suspects .
The European Council has appointed Swiss Senator Dick Marty to investigate what he called the suspicious movement patterns of flights in the region .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Update : March 5th 2007 : Â Important change to the recommendation for Safe JSON detailed below .
Â
It is not as safe as people think , but it can still be made to be safe .
We have been investigating the security implications of having a JSON api in Connections .
It turns out that it is very easy to leave pretty big security exposures in an application if it is n’t done right .
Â
The security exposure in this case is rogue sites being able to get at data made available via a JSON api .
Â
The truly frightening part of this is that applications installed on a corporate intranet can actually leak data to internet sites should a user visit a rogue site .
BTW , these exposures apply equally to both formally published api ’s such as Yahoo ’s and also any internal JSON api ’s often used for AJAX tricks .
As far as I can make out there are 3 different approaches used with JSON api’s .
Before detailing the vulnerabilities I ’ll highlight the three approaches using the Yahoo examples ( you might want to familiarize yourself with the examples before reading any further ) .
The three approaches are :
Approach 1 – Plain JSON
Simply return JSON i.e .
{ " Image " : { " Width " : 800 , " Height " : 600 , " Title " : " View from 15th Floor " , " Thumbnail " : { " Url " : " http:\/\/scd.mm-b1.yimg.com\/image\/481989943 " , " Height " : 125 , " Width " : " 100 " } , " IDs " : [ 116 , 943 , 234 , 38793 ] } }
Approach 2 – var assignment
Assign the JSON object to some variable that can then be accessed by the embedding application ( not an approach used by Yahoo ) .
var result = { " Image " : { " Width " : 800 , " Height " : 600 , " Title " : " View from 15th Floor " , " Thumbnail " : { " Url " : " http:\/\/scd.mm-b1.yimg.com\/image\/481989943 " , " Height " : 125 , " Width " : " 100 " } , " IDs " : [ 116 , 943 , 234 , 38793 ] } }
Approach 3 – function callback
When calling the JSON Web Service pass as a parameter a callback function .
Â
The resulting JSON response passes the JSON object as a parameter to this callback function .
callbackFunction ( { " Image " : { " Width " : 800 , " Height " : 600 , " Title " : " View from 15th Floor " , " Thumbnail " : { " Url " : " http:\/\/scd.mm-b1.yimg.com\/image\/481989943 " , " Height " : 125 , " Width " : " 100 " } , " IDs " : [ 116 , 943 , 234 , 38793 ] } } )
All approaches can be used via an XMLHttpRequest followed by a javascript eval , but as Yahoo points out Approaches 2 & 3 unlike Approach 1 do n’t " run afoul of browser security restrictions that prevent files from being loaded across domains . " as …
" Using JSON and callbacks , you can place the Yahoo !
Web Service request inside a < script > tag , and operate on the results with a function elsewhere in the JavaScript code on the page .
Using this mechanism , the JSON output from the Yahoo !
Web Services request is loaded when the enclosing web page is loaded .
No proxy or server trickery is required . "
Indeed they have successfully navigated the browser security restrictions , which I should point out is probably fine for Yahoo as ALL their services only expose publically available data .
Â
However , if a developer coding up an application that contains private data uses the same approach ( i.e. Approach 2 or 3 ) then they have exposed the application to a pretty simple attack .
Â BTW , I ’m defining private data to be any data that should not be publically accessible to the entire world ( this probably covers most data on a corporate intranet but also includes any data that requires authenticatation prior to access ) .
Here ’s an example .
A user logs into a wiki on the corporate intranet .
Â
This wiki provides a JSON api with a callback function ( Approach 3 ) . Â
The user then visits a rogue site on the internet .
Â
The page from the rogue site , when rendered in the user ’s browser , performs a javascript include to the wiki ’s json api passing a callback function .
This results in data from the wiki being made available to the rogue site ’s javascript function in the page via the callback .
Further javascript , on the page , can then form POST the data back to the rogue site and as such the data can be stolen .
Not good .
Approach 1 , on the other hand , does not contain this vulnerability as it ca n’t be used via a javascript include .
Â
If attempted it does not make the any data available on the page as it is not valid javascript , indeed it , instead , results in a javascript error and so is safe for JSON api’s that contain private data .
Recommendation
I ’m going to tentatively propose the following recommendation and would welcome feedback .
When developing a JSON api that contains data that should not be publically accessible to the world use Approach 1 i.e. return plain JSON .
Â
Update :
The JSON returned MUST be of type " Serialized Object " and not of type " Array " ( as defined by the JSON spec ) .
Â ( See the March 5th update below for the rationale behind this change ) .
Â
If the data can be publically exposed then Approaches 2 & 3 have significant advantages in terms of consumability .
Update : March 5th 2007
Joe has pointed out that care still needs to be taken even when using a plain JSON return ( Approach 1 ) .
From my testing and as others have pointed out the vulnerability that Joe is referring to only applies when returning JSON of type " array " ( section 2.3 ofÂ the JSON standard ) .
However , it appears that if you return JSON of type " serialized object " ( section 2.2 ) then , at the moment , I know of no vulnerability .
Â
It ’s worth mentioning that arrays can still be present in the JSON as long as they are not at the top level .
The example in Approach 1 above is not vulnerable to attack even though it contains an embedded array .
Â
The following structure is vulnerable though
[ [ " ct " , " Your Name " , " foo@gmail.com " ] , [ " ct " , " Another Name " , " bar@gmail.com " ] ]
as google knows only too well
Anyway , I have updated my recommendation .
Â
It remains tentative .
Introduction to the blood plasma business
Plasma is an essential component of our blood .
By purifying , concentrating , and isolating plasma components ( fractionation ) , we are able to make more than 20 kinds of different effective medicine .
These drugs are used in the treatment of many diseases - such as immune deficiency , neurological , infectious and autoimmune diseases , heart failure , and multiple abortions of pregnancy , bleeding , and hemophilia .
As a result , there are institutions that are willing to pay plasma donors .
Therefore , it is not surprising that you want to know where the highest paying plasma donation center near me is .
It is a good way to earn money and help the sick recover .
Read the following information and you will learn about :
How to make money by donating plasma ?
A few people know that it is really possible to earn good money on plasma donation .
However , you should follow the next requirements :
Your weight has to be at least 110 pounds
You have to be in good health .
This means not only the absence of disease but also good blood pressure and composition , which will allow you to feel well during and after the plasma donation procedure .
You are to be between 18 - 69 years old .
But the age might vary by location .
These requirements are general .
So , it is useful to read the requirements of the particular plasma center where you want to donate .
Also , you have to bring some documents with you .
The list of the documents includes :
A valid photo ID .
It may be your driver 's license , an ID issued by the state , a passport or a military ID .
If you are a student , you can bring a school certificate and a copy of a birth certificate that includes your date of birth .
If you have an out - of - state ID , you have to provide proof of your current home address .
Confirmation of your social security number .
It can be a social security card , a W - 2 form or a salary slip printed with your full name and social security number .
You can also get proof of social security at your local branch of Supplemental Income Insurance ( SSI ) .
If you are not a US citizen , you can provide your border crossing card ( B1 / B2 VISA / BBC ) .
NOTE : The name on your photo ID and the name on your proof of Social Security number must be the same .
Confirmation of the address .
This may include information printed on your photo ID , W - 2 form or check if your current address is indicated .
You can also use your utility bill for the past 30 days , which includes your name and address , or bring a copy of your current rental agreement .
New donors should know that only plasma of repeat blood donors can be used to produce medicine .
So do not be surprised that your first plasma donation may be free .
Every healthy person can donate plasma twice a week .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) allows donors to make 2 donations within a 7 - day period , with at least 48 hours between donations .
While donating plasma , you spend not only time but also the resources of your body .
Therefore , this procedure is so well paid .
Answering question “ What is the highest paying plasma donation center near me ? ” I can advise choosing CSL Plasma donation center .
Why ?
Read the next paragraph to find out the answer .
The highest paying donation center near me
It is not a secret that donating plasma , most people want not only to help the sick , but also to earn money .
On average you can earn up to $ 200 a month providing the plasma .
At the same time , CSL Plasma donation center offers up to $ 400 a month which is higher than the other centers .
Being a plasma donor , you have to act according to the principle “ The more you donate plasma , the more money you earn ” , but do not exceed the norm of 2 donations a month .
All donors must have a reloadable debit card to receive compensation for the donation .
You can check information about cards at www.cslplasma.com.
Moreover , CSL Plasma donors can also accumulate points through their iGive Rewards program .
It is a loyal program which allows you to earn special points by completing donations , completing surveys and special promotions and offers .
These points can be redeemed for Fast Cash or special Deal of the Day merchandise .
According to this program you “ acquire higher status : Bronze , Silver , Gold , Platinum ” ( this status is based on the calendar year donations January 1st – December 31st and resets at the beginning of each new calendar year ) .
Visit www.igiveplasma.com to access iGive Rewards program .
The first plasma donation
When visiting the CSL Plasma donation center for the first time you have to provide a valid form of identification , proof of residency and proof of your social security number .
Then it is necessary to answer some simple questions .
After that , professional medical staff will check your medical history and conduct a medical examination .
If everything is alright , you will be eligible to donate the plasma .
Once you donate plasma , you get a debit card to receive compensation after each visit of the institution .
The whole blood plasma donation process is quite simple and takes approximately 90 minutes .
A CSL Plasma center use a special process called plasmapheresis that separates plasma from blood and collects it in a bottle .
And do not worry because the whole process is safe .
All equipment used in collecting the plasma are sterile and used only once .
We hope you have found out the information about the highest paying plasma donation center near me .
For more information about the CSL Plasma center , please visit www.cslplasma.com.
King - George - gate : Myths v. Realities
[ Last updated 2/14/06 ]
PREFACE
George Bush 's most infamous lie on this scandal ( 4/20/04 ) :
Now , by the way , anytime you hear the United States government talking about wire tap , it requires — a wire tap requires a court order .
Nothing has changed , by the way .
When we ’re talking about chasing down terrorists , we ’re talking about getting a court order before we do so .
Glenn Greenwald :
As always , the first -- and , for this scandal , the dipositive -- principle is that the solution to a bad law is to change the law , not to break the law in secret and then claim once you ’re caught that the law you broke was a bad law .
...
No judge would even listen to a criminal defendant try to explain that he broke the law because the law was too stringent or was ill - advised , and we should be no more willing to listen to that excuse for law - breaking just because it ’s coming from George Bush .
George Bush 's actions in ordering illegal domestic spying are completely reminiscent of the criminality of Richard Nixon , who said :
When the President does it , that means that it it is not illegal .
This scandal is also about what The Agonist says :
The NSA - domestic spying Bush scandal is no longer about national security ( although Republicans want it to be ) .
It 's about lying and the law .
It 's a simple sentence .
This is about lying and the law .
Billmon has an apt comparison :
Bush declined to discuss the domestic eavesdropping program in a television interview , but he joined his aides in saying that the government acted lawfully and did not intrude on citizens ' rights .
" Decisions made are made understanding we have an obligation to protect the civil liberties of the American people , " Bush said on " The NewsHour With Jim Lehrer . "
Washington Post
December 2005 Citizens of the U.S.S.R. are guaranteed inviolability of the person .
No person may be placed under arrest except by decision of a court or with the sanction of a procurator .
The inviolability of the homes of citizens and privacy of correspondence are protected by law .
Constitution of the USSR
December 1936
INTRODUCTION
As most readers here know , the Shills for Republican - Dictators Coalition ( SRDC ) have been producing the expected voluminous stream of unmitigated lies in the form of talking points , in order to defend the illegal domestic spying program authorized by their Dear Leader - King George Bush - a man who has the track record for being one of the worst Presidents when it comes to national security .
Bush 's charlatans in the SRDC have been selling this program ( and America ) by peddling the utterly false choice of " liberty or security " .
( In fact , the administration has failed to explain why it claims it did not spy on purely domestic calls between Al Qaeda members even though that presents even more of a national security risk ) .
As always , when the internets and airwaves are filled with fakery , it becomes " hard work " to keep track of it all .
So , I thought it was time for a post to consolidate the well chronicled responses to the cornucopia of nonsense from the SRDC .
In putting this together I have mostly used ( and referred to ) some outstanding work done by other bloggers - Unclaimed Territory ( Glenn Greenwald ) , Think Progress ( especially Judd Legum ) , Anonymous Liberal , Armando at Daily Kos , Media Matters , Coleen Rowley , Larry Johnson , Huffington Post , Firedoglake and others .
[ I will update this post when possible , as this scandal evolves ] .
Since there are various categories of false and occasionaly misleading talking points from the SRDC , I decided to address them under the following sections .
But the one overarching point to keep in mind is that , with most of their claims defending Bush having been revealed to be false , Bush 's supporters are left with just one legally unsustainable claim justifying Bush 's illegal and unconstitutional actions - that Bush is above the law and does not have to defer to the Constitution , the Judiciary or to Congress ( a radical , unAmerican philosophy that Bush has made a practice during his reign ) .
To mask this , Bush and his co-conspirator ( " Attorney General " ) Alberto Gonzales are trying to bamboozle Americans by falsely claiming a " legal basis " and " legal reasoning " ( using the Department of Justice as their personal defense attorney ) for their illegal and anti-American law - breaking - with Gonzales having likely committed a crime by deceiving the Senate .
Indeed , the nonpartisan and highly regarded Congressional Research Service ( CRS ) has stated politely that the legal justifications offered by the Bush administration to conduct illegal wiretapping of American citizens and permanent residents do not really hold water ( more on this in Appendix 1 ) .
CRS has also weighed in to point out that the Bush administration also likely violated the National Security Act ( see Appendix 2 ) .
Moreover , leading constitutional law experts ( and former Government officials ) agree that Bush 's actions were illegal ( also see here and here and Appendix 3 ) .
Talking Points For Felonious Republican Presidents ( Registered Trademark of SRDC )
1. Bush did not violate the FISA [ FALSE ]
2. Bush did not break the law [ FALSE ]
3 . History shows Presidents have the power to violate the law , especially in times of war [ FALSE ]
4. History shows that other Presidents like Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter did the same by overriding FISA [ FALSE ]
5 . Secret warrantless spying of Americans was / is required for national security reasons , since FISA was inadequate , and secret spying could have prevented 9/11 [ FALSE ]
6. Secretly spying on foreigners is legal and constitutional [ DELIBERATELY MISLEADING ]
7 . The secret spying only focused on Al Qaeda , terrorists and their supporters and one end of the intercepted communications was always in foreign soil [ FALSE ]
8 . The leak to the New York Times , of Bush 's secret spying on Americans , was a crime , had nothing to do with whistleblowers , and compromised the spying program [ FALSE ]
9 . Bush 's critics are just partisan political hacks [ FALSE ]
10 . Top Democrats in Congress supported the illegal spying [ FALSE ]
11 . You can trust Bush 100 % to not misuse the spying program [ FALSE ]
12 . The debate is between those who seek civil liberties and those who seek security [ FALSE ]
APPENDIX 1 : Report of nonpartisan Congressional Research Service
On the Bush administration 's stated legal justifications for their warrantless spying on Americans
APPENDIX 2 : Report of nonpartisan Congressional Research Service
On the Bush administration 's likely violation of the National Security Act
APPENDIX 3 : Response to Bush administration 's DOJ Memo " Legal Authorities Supporting the Activites of the National Security Agency Described by the President " by 14 Constitutional Scholars
( Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act )
TALKING POINT : Americans were not spied on without a warrant .
FACT : This is perhaps the most brazen lie ( since Bush himself has acknowledged otherwise ) - unsurprisingly from one of the biggest frauds in the United States today , Rush Limbaugh .
TALKING POINT : Bush 's secret , warrantless spying on Americans is consistent with FISA statutes .
FACT : False , false , false , false .
The administration has repeatedly ( effectively ) admitted ( latest here ) that what they did violates the FISA statutes ( and so did some of its legal defenders ) .
TALKING POINT : The wording of the FISA statute allows the Bush administration to do what they did .
FACT : False .
TALKING POINT : Bush did not " circumvent " FISA .
FACT : False .
He actually broke the FISA ( law ) .
TALKING POINT : The spying program that Bush authorized is outside the scope of FISA .
FACT : False .
Even Attorney General Alberto Gonzales admitted that Bush 's program fell within the scope of FISA and that the President 's power would be restricted in the presence of a Congressional statute that specifically curtails his power .
TALKING POINT : FISA allows unlimited warrantless surveillance of American citizens and U.S. permanent residents ( " U.S. persons " ) .
FACT : False .
TALKING POINT : " The FISA “ probable cause ” standard is essentially the same as the “ reasonable basis ” standard " used in the domestic spying program
FACT : According to former NSA Director Hayden this is false ( also see here ) .
TALKING POINT : The FISA “ probable cause ” standard is higher than the “ reasonable basis ” standard used in the domestic spying program
FACT : According to Attorney General Gonzales this is false .
In other words , two senior officials of the Bush administration have made completely opposing claims about the legal basis for the spying program .
TALKING POINT : The “ reasonable suspicion ” standard associated with the 2002 amendment that the Bush administration rejected owing to legal and constitutional concerns was lower than the " reasonable basis " standard used in their domestic spying program .
FACT : False .
TALKING POINT : Bush 's actions are not scandalous since the administration retroactively informed the FISA court about its spying .
FACT : False .
TALKING POINT : FISA does not apply during wartime - so Bush did not violate it .
FACT : False , false and false - FISA has specific wartime provisions that Bush violated .
Not to mention , Attorney General Alberto Gonzales admitted that " There was not a war declaration , either in connection with Al Qaida or in Iraq .
It was an authorization to use military force " .
TALKING POINT : Bush did not violate FISA ; rather FISA unconstitutionally usurps his power .
FACT : False and false .
If it really did , he could have had it repealed after 9/11 or amended to give him limitless power .
He was not able to do either even with his rubber - stamp - Congress , because Congress would not support it .
In fact , FISA was amended after 9/11 using the Patriot Act and the amendment still does not allow Bush to break the law in the way he did .
Even Attorney General Alberto Gonzales admitted that Bush 's program fell within the scope of FISA and that the President 's power would be restricted in the presence of a Congressional statute that specifically curtails his power .
TALKING POINT : Bush 's secret , warrantless spying on Americans is constitutional and legal .
FACT : False , false and false .
Indeed , the nonpartisan and highly regarded Congressional Research Service ( CRS ) has stated politely that the legal justifications offered by the Bush administration to conduct illegal wiretapping of American citizens and permanent residents do not really hold water ( more on this in Appendix 1 ) .
CRS has also weighed in to point out that the Bush administration also likely violated the National Security Act ( see Appendix 2 ) .
Moreover , leading constitutional law experts ( and former Government officials ) agree that Bush 's actions were illegal ( also see here and here ) .
NSA Director Michael Hayden also committed an illegal act in violating the Fraud and False Statements Statute .
Not to mention , it appears that some form of warrantless spying ( different from the main NSA spying program ) was started in 2001 even without Bush 's Executive Order and apparently even before 9/11 ( the latter would make it even more obvious that the fake justification that such spying could have prevented 9/11 , is , um , fake . )
[ Incidentally , the Pentagon has also violated the law with its illegal domestic spying program . ]
TALKING POINT : Bush did not violate the National Security Act by not briefing appropriate members of Congress .
FACT : False .
TALKING POINT : The Bush administration had two lawful paths to choose - FISA and the president ’s authorization - and Bush picked the latter .
FACT : False and false .
Only FISA was / is legal .
TALKING POINT : The Constitution of the United States does not talk about " probable cause " being required for spying on Americans .
FACT : False and false .
TALKING POINT : Searches of Americans without warrants happens all the time in airports , checkpoints , etc .
So what 's the big deal ?
FACT : This is a bogus argument from Gonzales .
Unlike those who are boarding a plane or crossing a checkpoint , the Bush spying program was SECRET and the targets had no choice because the Americans who were spied upon did n’t know that their email was being read or that their phone calls were being monitored .
Moreover , there is a vast difference between searches in public view where there is little probability of abuse ( especially with the effective consent of the individuals - they choose to fly despite the probability of being searched ) , and secret searches conducted without probable cause or warrants or independent oversight , with high potential for abuse and with the spying conducted without the consent of the targets .
TALKING POINT : The 9/18/01 Authorization for the Use of Military Force ( AUMF ) by Congress gave the President the authority to order secret , warrantless wiretaps and searches on U.S. persons .
FACT A : False and false .
As Anonymous Liberal has carefully chronicled , Bush was applauding the passing of the Orwellian PATRIOT
Act six weeks after the passage of AUMF , saying how it was the PATRIOT
Act that gave him the authority to deal with terrorists in ways that the original FISA law did not , that it allowed him to " conduct court - ordered surveillance of all modern forms of communication used by terrorists " and that it will " will help us to prosecute terrorist organizations -- and also to detect them before they strike " .
Put another way , as AL points out : " I found a copy of the President 's October 26 , 2001 Remarks on the Signing the USA Patriot Act of 2001 ... the President made these remarks almost six weeks AFTER Congress passed the Authorization for the Use of Military Force ( " AUMF " ) , the law which he now claims gave him the authority to conduct warrantless surveillance outside of FISA 's framework .
Yet in this signing statement , the President clearly indicates that until that day , Oct. 26 , 2001 , he lacked the authority to properly deal with the nature of the terrorist threat " .
FACT B : False , false , false , false and false .
Here 's Republican Senator Sam Brownback : " It did n’t , in my vote .
I voted for that resolution .
That was a week after 9/11 .
There was nothing you were going to do to stop us from going to war in Afghanistan , but there was no discussion in anything that I was around that that gave the president a broad surveillance authority with that resolution . "
As Glenn Greenwald also noted : " In the case of Breuer v. Jim ’s Concrete of Brevard , 538 U.S. 691 ( 2003 ) , the Administration vehemently ( and successfully ) argued in a Brief to the U.S. Supreme Court ( .pdf ) , signed by Bush ’s own Solicitor General , Theodore Olson , that a statute ( such as FISA ) cannot be " amended by implication " in the absence of clear Congressional intent to amend it . "
Moreover , as Glenn noted : " Congress refused to enact the DeWine Amendment and thus refused to lower the FISA standard from " probable cause " to " reasonable suspicion . "
It is the height of absurdity for the Administration to now suggest that Congress actually approved of this change and gave it authorization to do just that -- when Congress obviously had no idea it was being done and refused to pass that change into law when it had the chance .
( 2 ) DeWine 's amendment would have lowered the standard for obtaining a FISA warrant only for non-U.S. persons -- whereas for " U.S. persons , " the standard would have continued to be " probable cause . "
And , DeWine 's amendment would not have eliminated judicial oversight , since the Administration still would have needed approval of the FISA court for these warrants . "
TALKING POINT : The 9/18/01 Authorization for the Use of Military Force ( AUMF ) by Congress gave the President more authority than the traditional declaration of war .
FACT : False ( see page 4 of this PDF file ) .
As the constitutional scholars point out : " Declarations of war have always been accompanied , in the same enactment , by an authorization to use military force " .
TALKING POINT : The 9/18/01 Authorization for the Use of Military Force ( AUMF ) by Congress effectively amended FISA .
FACT : False and false .
TALKING POINT : The Supreme Court 's ruling in Hamdi v. Rumsfeld ( 2004 ) makes it clear that the 2001 AUMF authorized Bush 's spying .
FACT : False ( see page 3 of this PDF file ) .
TALKING POINT : Bush 's executive order authorizing warrantless spying on Americans was constitutional and legal even though it applied a looser " reasonable basis " argument rather than a " probable cause " argument .
FACT : False .
In fact , not only is the " reasonable basis " argument illegal , spying on Americans without a warrant is also illegal , and what 's more , as Glenn Greenwald has shown , the Bush administration themselves admitted in 2002 ( also see here ) that even spying on non-Americans on American soil simply based on warrants using " reasonable suspicion " may violate the constitution and cause legal problems !
( Also see here and here ) .
As Glenn Greenwald also noted : " Indeed , throughout 2002 and into 2003 – while the Administration was secretly eavesdropping without bothering to comply with FISA at all – Senators from both parties were drafting legislation to liberalize FISA , holding hearings before the Senate Intelligence Committee on proposed FISA changes , making all sorts of grand statements about how these changes to FISA were needed in order to allow the Administration to do the eavesdropping on terrorists which our national security required .
But all of this was worthless , a total sham .
Nothing could have mattered less than what the Senate decided to do with FISA because the Administration -- obviously unbeknownst to the Senate -- had already decided that it could eavesdrop however it wanted no matter what the Senate said and no matter what FISA allowed . "
TALKING POINT : Warrantless physical searches for foreign intelligence have been carried out previously .
FACT : First of all , the issue here is not foreign intelligence but intelligence on U.S. persons .
Secondly , warrantless physical searches relating to foreign intelligence were not illegal per the FISA in 1994 , but were made illegal subsequent to that through a Clinton - supported update to the FISA law in 1995 .
[ Sure , such warrantless searches should never have been legal but it was a loophole in the law that Congress and the Clinton administration fixed . ]
TALKING POINT : The warrantless spying on Americans was legal since the Justice Department signed off on it .
FACT : Separate from the fact that the Justice Department is not the final legal authority in the US ( the Supreme Court is ) , senior Justice Department officials objected to at least parts of the spying program and the special FISA judge - Colleen Kollar - Kotelly - complained about some aspect of the program ( all in 2004 ) .
It was also reported that " the judge insisted to Justice Department lawyers at one point that any material gathered under the special N.S.A. program not be used in seeking wiretap warrants from her court . "
In fact , acting Attorney General James Comey objected to some provisions of the illegal spying in 2004 and the Bush administration went to John Ashcroft for his approval even though Ashcroft was in hospital .
Apparently Ashcroft was also reluctant to give blanket approval and " in early 2004 , about the time of the hospital meeting , the White House suspended parts of the surveillance program for several months and moved ahead with more stringent requirements on the National Security Agency on how the program was used . "
At that time the Justice Department actually audited the secret spying program for the first time .
Newsweek has reported how some leading conservative lawyers in the Bush Justice Department objeted to the administration 's illegal power grab .
TALKING POINT : Per Article II of the Constitution , Bush 's spying program was legal .
FACT : False .
TALKING POINT : Bush 's power as Commander - in - Chief cannot be restricted by Congressional laws and Congress has no power to restrict the Executive 's " means and methods of engaging the enemy " .
FACT : False ( see pages 5 - 7 of this PDF file ) - as even the Supreme Court ruled recently in Rasul v. Bush ( 2004 ) , among many past rulings .
The constitutional scholars who authored the document point out clearly that : " Every time the Supreme Court has confronted a statute limiting the Commander - in - Chief 's authority , it has upheld the statute . "
TALKING POINT : An Appeals Court ( In re : Sealed Case No. 02-001 ) ruled that FISA could not encroach on the president 's " authority to conduct warrantless searches to obtain foreign intelligence information . "
FACT : This is a grossly misleading point .
FISA encroaches on the President 's ability to violate FISA , but does not control what else the President can do in accordance with the Constitution , that is outside the scope of FISA .
The Constitution , on the other hand , prohibits the President from doing warrantless spying on Americans .
As Media Matters points out ( emphasis mine ) : " Of course a law passed in 1978 would not trump the Constitution -- the supreme law of the land .
The question is whether Bush , as president , has the constitutional authority to authorize warrantless surveillance of U.S. citizens and legalized aliens , notwithstanding FISA 's restrictions .
Contrary to [ John ]
Schmidt 's suggestion , the case he cited does not address that question . "
TALKING POINT : An Appeals Court ( In re : Sealed Case No. 02-001 ) ruled that the " president has inherent constitutional authority to conduct warrantless wiretapping " .
FACT : False .
TALKING POINT : An Appeals Court ruled in the Truong case that the Executive had the right to secretly wiretap or spy on Americans without a warrant .
FACT : False .
The Truong case related to an incident that occurred before the FISA law was passed ( and the court acknowledged that ) .
Once the FISA law passed in 1978 such spying was declared illegal .
TALKING POINT : In the case United States v. United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan et al. ( 1972 ) , the court ruled that warrantless spying on Americans is constitutional .
FACT : False .
The court ruled exactly the opposite .
TALKING POINT : Based on historical ( legal ) evidence , Bush has the authority under the Constitution to spy on Americans without a warrant .
FACT : False .
Moreover , since Bush 's actions violated Congressionally enacted FISA statues , as Glenn Greenwald explains : " ... The issue is not whether the President has this authority to eavesdrop without a warrant but whether it is legal for him to do so in the face of a Congressional law which makes it a crime to engage in such conduct .
And none of the authorities they cite conclude that the President has such a royal power .
Not one . "
In the case Youngstown Co. v. Sawyer ( 1952 ) , the Supreme Court specifically held that : " the President does not have the right to exercise his " inherent executive authority " in contravention of Congressional law . "
As Justice Jackson said : " The Executive , except for recommendation and veto , has no legislative power . "
TALKING POINT : The Youngstown Co. v. Sawyer ( 1952 ) Supreme Court ruling supports Bush 's illegal spying .
FACT : False .
The exact opposite is true .
TALKING POINT : Congress cannot authorize something that needs to remain classified .
FACT : False .
TALKING POINT : Courts have ruled that the limitations imposed by FISA on the President , especially in times of war , are unconstitutional .
FACT : False .
TALKING POINT :
In a time of war , the President has a blank check to break the law in order to " protect the country " .
FACT : This claim is also false and has been rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court on more than one occasion .
TALKING POINT : Presidents should be allowed to break the law under certain circumstances .
FACT : If you are an America - hater , yes .
But if you are an American , no .
[ Certainly if the President happens to be a Democrat , Republicans have a history of loudly saying NO . ]
TALKING POINT : Bill Clinton bypassed FISA to order warrantless physical searches of Americans .
FACT : False and false ( also see here ) .
TALKING POINT : The Clinton administration 's Jamie Gorelick claimed that the President has the " inherent constitutional ability to order wiretapped searches " .
FACT : False .
TALKING POINT : Bill Clinton " exercised the same authority " as Bush .
FACT : False and false .
TALKING POINT : Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter broke the law by authorizing warrantless wiretapping / spying on Americans .
FACT : False , false , false , false , and false ( also see here ) .
TALKING POINT : Bill Clinton and Jamie Gorelick ( who was in the Clinton Justice Department ) argued that Clinton had the power to ignore FISA .
FACT : False and false .
As Judd Legum ( Think Progress ) noted : " Both her testimony and in the Legal Times quote [ sic ] , were about physical searches .
In 1994 , the FISA did not cover physical searches .
She was explaining what the President ’s authority was in the absence of any congressional statute .
She was n’t arguing that the President had the authority to ignore FISA .
In 1995 , with President Clinton ’s signature , FISA was amended to include physical searches .
That law prohibited warrantless domestic physical searches .
No one in the Clinton administration , including Gorelick , ever argued that the administration could ignore the law , before or after it was amended . "
TALKING POINT : Bill Clinton bypassed the FISA law when Aldrich Ames ' house was searched without a warrant .
FACT : False .
TALKING POINT : Bill Clinton 's top secret Echelon project violated FISA and spied on Americans .
FACT : False and false ( see # 10 in the link ) .
TALKING POINT : Al Gore 's speech on Bush 's illegal spying contradicted the facts surrounding the Clinton administration 's spying on Americans .
FACT : False , false , false , false and false .
TALKING POINT : Secret , illegal , warrantless spying on Americans enhances our national security .
FACT : Certainly no more than secret , legal , warrant - based spying ; further , the illegal spying actually threatens America 's national security because of the aid and comfort it gives to real terrorist supporters when they go to court ( not Bush 's kangaroo courts but the real court system in the United States ) .
It also makes it easier to challenge Government prosecutions against alleged criminals .
TALKING POINT :
The warrantless illegal spying was required because FISA unacceptably regulates wiretapping of calls from Al Qaeda members overseas to Americans in the U.S .
FACT : False .
This is another bogus argument because FISA does not apply to such calls at all .
As 14 constitutional scholars pointed out : " FISA does not regulate electronic surveillance acquired abroad and targeted at non-U.S. persons , even if the surveillance happens to collect information on a communication with a U.S. person .
Thus , the hypothetical tap on the Al Qaeda member abroad is not governed by FISA at all .
FISA 's requirements are triggered only when the surveillance is " targeting [ a ]
United States person who is in the United States , " or the surveillance " acquisition occurs in the United States . "
50 U.S.C. 1801 ( f ) ( 1 ) - ( 2 ) . "
TALKING POINT : The warrantless illegal spying was required because they had to monitor calls between Al Qaeda affiliated individuals and Americans on US soil .
FACT : False and false .
As Glenn Greenwald notes : " ... that defense makes no sense because eavesdropping on conversations involving al Qaeda members is exactly the circumstance in which it would be most unnecessary to bypass the FISA court .
For that reason , the Administration 's claim that it only eavesdropped on conversations involving al Qaeda members simply cannot be reconciled with the Administration ’s claimed need to operate outside of FISA , since if FISA allows anything , it would allow eavsdropping on al Qaeda . "
TALKING POINT : The illegal spying program was instrumental in revealing Al Qaeda plots within the U.S. and capturing Al Qaeda members .
FACT : False .
As this NYT report points out : " The law enforcement and counterterrorism officials said the program had uncovered no active Qaeda networks inside the United States planning attacks .
" There were no imminent plots - not inside the United States , " the former F.B.I. official said . "
As the New York Daily News reported : " The National Security Agency 's secret domestic spying has n't nabbed any Al Qaeda agents in the U.S. since the Sept. 11 attacks , FBI Director Robert Mueller told Congress yesterday . "
TALKING POINT : The illegal spying program was instrumental in capturing confessed Al Qaeda member Iyman Faris and prevented his plot to blow up the Brooklyn Bridge .
FACT : False ( also see here and here ) .
TALKING POINT : The illegal spying program was instrumental in capturing confessed Taliban - supporting Mohammed Junaid Babar who was linked to the British fertilizer bomb plot .
FACT : False .
TALKING POINT : The illegal spying program was instrumental in capturing and convicting the Taliban - supporting " Portland Seven " .
FACT : False .
TALKING POINT : The illegal spying program was instrumental in preventing the Library Tower " plot " in Los Angeles .
FACT : False .
Also see this .
TALKING POINT :
The illegal spying program could have prevented 9/11 by helping us rope in two 9/11 terrorists in San Diego .
FACT : False , false , false , false and false .
Also , as Think Progress notes from a NYT article : " The law enforcement and counterterrorism officials said the program had uncovered no active Qaeda networks inside the United States planning attacks .
‘ There were no imminent plots - not inside the United States , ’ the former F.B.I. official said . ” "
Not to mention , as Think Progress notes , Bush himself claimed in June 2002 that 9/11 was not preventable !
TALKING POINT :
The illegal spying program could have helped us pick up two 9/11 terrorists who flew a plane into the Pentagon .
FACT : False and false .
TALKING POINT : The illegal spying program could have roped in Zacarias Moussaoui or Mohammad Atta and prevented 9/11 .
FACT : False and false , not to mention Moussaoui ( and Atta ) were foreign nationals to whom FISA already applied and a FISA warrant was not obtained in Moussaoui 's case because the Justice Department was not asked by the FBI to obtain a FISA warrant .
Moreover , as Frank Rich said ( emphasis mine ) : " ... [ Cheney ] defended warrant - free wiretapping by saying it could have prevented the 9/11 attacks .
Really ?
Not with this administration in charge .
On 9/10 the N.S.A. ( lawfully ) intercepted messages in Arabic saying , " The match is about to begin , " and , " Tomorrow is zero hour . "
You know the rest .
Like all the chatter our government picked up during the president 's excellent brush - clearing Crawford vacation of 2001 , it was relegated to mañana ; the N.S.A. did n't rouse itself to translate those warnings until 9/12 . "
As William Arkin noted : " The vice president fails to mention that the NSA actually did intercept communications indicating an event on 9/11 , but did n't process it before that day .
The FBI had reports about the hijackers , but it never put two and two together .
The government had plenty of tip - offs and signals but it just was n't focused enough or competent enough to competently carry out its constitutional duties . "
Further , as Think Progress notes , Bush himself claimed in June 2002 that 9/11 was not preventable !
TALKING POINT : Requiring FISA warrants may tip off our enemies .
FACT : This is again , unmitigated garbage , as discussed in the previous point above ( the FISA process is always secret ) .
TALKING POINT : FISA 's " probable cause " standard for warrants was too restrictive and therefore did not allow the Justice Department ( DoJ ) to do the spying that was necessary .
FACT : False - the Bush administration / DoJ told Congress exactly the opposite in 2002 .
TALKING POINT : FISA 's 72 - hour emergency window for wiretapping without a warrant was too cumbersome to use in practice and therefore not effective .
FACT : False - the Bush administration / DoJ told Congress exactly the opposite in 2002 .
TALKING POINT : Many of the 9/11 perpetrators would have been considered " protected U.S. persons " per FISA
FACT : False .
Many of the hijackers were neither citizens nor permanent residents , and worse , were here illegally on expired visas .
TALKING POINT : There was insufficient evidence to get a FISA warrant in the case of Moussaoui .
A federal judge barred the FBI from accessing Zacarias Moussaoui 's computer .
FACT : False and false .
TALKING POINT : The FISA law was inadequate and led to the FBI 's not inspecting Moussaoui 's personal effects .
FACT : False .
TALKING POINT : FISA 's " probable cause " standard prevented the government from getting warrants in the Zacarias Moussaoui and Wen Ho Lee cases .
FACT : False .
It was the FBI 's ( and DOJ's ) misunderstanding of the FISA standard that prevented them from even asking for a warrant .
TALKING POINT : FISA required reform which had not happened even after 9/11 .
FACT : False .
Even though experts felt FISA required reform after 9/11 , that already occurred via the Orwellian " PATRIOT " Act.
Further , as Glenn Greenwald has shown , the Bush administration themselves rejected a proposal in 2002 to amend the FISA law to make it much easier to spy on targets , saying that FISA was sufficient for what they were doing .
( Also see this ) .
TALKING POINT : The FISA statute is bad because it does not allow for immediate eavesdropping in emergencies .
FISA requires getting a warrant before eavesdropping even for emergencies and the administration did not have one or two days to put together the paperwork to get such a warrant or wait for a judge .
FACT : False and false .
The truth is the opposite .
FISA allows warrantless surveillance for up to 72 hours .
Moreover , Bush has used emergency FISA wiretaps more often than all previous Presidents combined !
TALKING POINT : The FISA court is too bureaucratic and cannot be used in emergencies .
FACT : False , false and false ( also see here ) .
FISA allows warrantless surveillance on U.S. persons for up to 72 hours and purely foreign agents for up to 1 year .
Moreover , Bush has used emergency FISA wiretaps more often than all previous Presidents combined !
Further , as the Washington Post reported : " Several FISA judges said they also remain puzzled by Bush 's assertion that the court was not " agile " or " nimble " enough to help catch terrorists ... the court 's actions in the days after the Sept. 11 attacks suggested that its judges were hardly unsympathetic to the needs of their nation at war ... On Sept. 12 ... The requirement for detailed paperwork was greatly eased , allowing the NSA to begin eavesdropping the next day on anyone suspected of a link to al Qaeda , every person who had ever been a member or supporter of militant Islamic groups , and everyone ever linked to a terrorist watch list in the United States or abroad ... "
TALKING POINT : The FISA process is not fast or agile enough to catch terrorists or prevent terrorism .
FACT : False , false , false , false and false .
In fact , FISA actually allows secret , warrantless spying for up to 72 hours , which is more than sufficient for emergencies and the FISA court has almost never rejected a request for a warrant .
If the Bush administration wanted an extension to that they could have asked Congress to pass a FISA amendment .
[ Not to mention , it appears that the warrantless spying was started even without a Presidential Executive Order and possibly even before 9/11 .
If it was indeed started before 9/11 , it certainly did n't prevent 9/11 ] .
TALKING POINT : " FISA requires the Attorney General to determine IN ADVANCE that a FISA application for that particular intercept will be fully supported and will be approved by the court before an emergency authorization may be granted .
That review process can take precious time . "
FACT : Another specious argument .
The spying can begin without this wait , as long as the results of the spying are discarded if a warrant could not be obtained for it in the future .
This is more than adequate for emergencies .
TALKING POINT : FISA had to be bypassed because it is an " old law " and there are fundamentally new technologies at work here .
FACT : False , false and false .
Also see here for some perspective .
TALKING POINT : " This is a different era , different war .
It 's a war where people are changing phone numbers and phone calls , and they 're moving quick .
And we 've got to be able to detect and prevent . "
FACT : Highly misleading considering that FISA actually allows emergency wiretapping .
Also see this set of posts by former CIA officer Larry Johnson who explains how U.S. intelligence agencies have in the past very successfully caught terrorists who keep switching phones , using roving wiretaps without having to break the law .
Downloadable Pranks
Control Panel
Mouse
Switch Primary and Secondary buttons
Pranks You Perform Directly
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion \Winlogon\
legalnoticecaption
legalnoticetext
UPDATE
Sometimes friends and room mates deserve a little scare , and what better way to accomplish that than by pranking their computers .
Computers are frustrating enough as it is , so imagine how much more frustrating it will be to them when you 've intentionally sabotaged their computer .
The following pranks are pretty harmless , but I must caution you that the following is provided for informational purposes only .
Do not perform these pranks on computers you do n't own , and especially not on any computer used for business purposes .
Anyway , there 's two types of pranks I 'll cover , pranks that you download and pranks that you perform directly .
There are plenty of programs out there to prank your friends , and a few I 've written myself .
I 've made two , one that emulates the blue screen of death , which I 've lamely entitled the Blue Screen of Jeff , and another program which makes a transparent window always on top of the whole screen ( transparent.exe )
Both of the programs are easy to kill from Task Manager , but a computer novice will be lost .
The programs come with an installer ( 2.05 MB ) and can be downloaded here : [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
( Note : You 'll need to visit the page in order to download the file , since I 'm using file uploading services .
If anyone would care to host the file just let me know . )
There is no spyware / viruses in the file , and the Delphi 7 source code is available upon request .
To use either the Blue Screen of Jeff or transparent .
exe simply place them in the Startup folder on your start menu .
Another good prank is to copy one of these programs into another applications directory .
As an example , lets say Photoshop .
Now rename Photoshop.exe to Photoshop2.exe and then rename the Blue Screen of Jeff or transparent .exe to Photoshop.exe .
Next time your friend tries to start Photoshop , they 'll be greeted with a surprise .
You can apply that trick with many of the programs I 'll cover in this article .
Next up are some awesome prankware from Lizard Works .
My favorite is Drifting Windows which makes your open windows move a pixel or two every 5 seconds .
It is definitely noticeable , but still a good prank .
Mean Swapper is another good one .
It causes your left and right mouse buttons to switch roles .
The warning on their website stated that upon closing the program the buttons may still be switched around , which can be remedied by going to the , and unchecking thecheckbox .
I personally experienced that problem when I closed the program myself , so be prepared to fix whatever computer you install that on .
Browse the rest of Lizard Work 's pranks on their website at http://www.lizardworks.com/pranks.html
One of my favorite pranks is to change my friends boot screen to something weird , using Stardock 's free Bootskin program .
Below are a few of my favorite prank bootskins :
Of course Bootskin is made mainly for customizing your own computer , but I 've personally done this to a few friends and it freaked them out , so what they hell .
Speaking of Stardock products , another great customization program that can be used as a prank is Stardock 's WindowBlinds which can be download here .
The program is shareware , but the limited version should be enough to install a skin that will leave your friend wondering wtf happened to his computer .
Installing a skin like this horrible one is sure to make them cringe .
I 've wanted to make a WindowBlinds skin out of tubgirl and gay pr0n , but I just can't justify spending money on SkinStudio just to do that .
Speaking of changing Window 's theme , there 's an easy way to prank them using control panel , which leads us into our discussion of One of the easiest pranks to perform is to right click on the desktop and select " Properties " , then click on the " Appearance " tab .
Click on the drop down box labeled " Windows and Buttons " and click on " Windows Classic " and click " Apply " .
Click directly below on the " Color Scheme " drop down box .
There are several horrible color schemes to choose from , with High Contrast Black being one of the worst .
It looks like this :
If that 's not bad enough for you , click on the " Advanced " button .
From there you can turn almost everything to the same color .
Good luck fixing that though .
While you 're there you can also make the text huge , the icons tiny , and general tweak the system to unusable .
One of my favorites that I 've been using for years is to modify the legal notice that can display when Windows starts up .
To do this click on the Start menu , click on " Run " and type " regedit " to load the registry editor .
From there , migrate toDouble click onand enter in the name you want for the window , then hit OK and double click onto enter in what you want the body of the window to say .
Here 's an example :
Well , that 's about all I 've got to say on the subject for now .
If you 'd like some more pranks check out the following links : : Due to popular demand I am writing a sequal to this article with even more pranks and techniques .
Stay tuned for it within the next few weeks .
Jeder , der schon einmal einen über den Durst getrunken hat , kennt die Kopfschmerzen , die ein klassischer Kater mit sich bringt .
Doch ein solcher " Hangover " ist nichts gegen die Langzeitschäden , die fortgesetzter Alkoholismus im Gehirn hinterlassen kann .
Bei chronischen Säufern lässt die Hirnleistung nach , sie erleiden Gedächtnisstörungen und müssen mit langfristigen Gehirnschäden rechnen .
Mittels bildgebender Verfahren wie der Kernspintomografie haben Forscher bereits in die Gehirne von Alkoholikern gesehen und die großen strukturellen Unterschiede zwischen dem Denkapparat Alkoholkranker und normaler Personen festgestellt .
Das Kernspin- Verfahren macht es möglich , die Größe und Form verschiedener Strukturen im Gehirn zu betrachten .
Bis vor kurzem war es allerdings noch nicht machbar , das feine Netzwerk der Nervenfasern zu studieren , über die die Informationen von einem Gehirnteil in den anderen geleitet werden .
Diese Fasern werden benötigt , damit das Gehirn Informationen überhaupt verarbeiten kann .
Unterbricht man diese " Verdrahtung " , können viele kognitive Probleme entstehen , die man im Alkoholismus kennt .
Eine neue Technologie namens " Diffusion Tensor Imaging " , kurz DTI , soll es Forschern nun erlauben , die Effekte von Alkohol auch auf feinerer Ebene zu untersuchen .
DTI misst die Verteilung von Wassermolekülen im Gehirn .
In vielen Gehirnbereichen bewegen sich Wassermoleküle eher zufällig .
Nervenfasern , auch als " weiße Substanz " bekannt , sind von Fettstoffen umgeben , was dazu führt , dass sich die Wassermoleküle in die Richtung der Fasern bewegen .
Forscher können dank DTI nun ein Bild des Fasergebiets konstruieren , in dem sie die Richtung der Wassermolekülverteilung messen .
Sobald die Wasserverteilung in einem bestimmten Gehirnbereich weniger organisiert ist als erwartet , gibt es ein Problem mit der " Verdrahtung " dieses Sektors .
Die Neurowissenschaftlerin Edith Sullivan von der Stanford University untersucht Alkoholschäden im Gehirn bereits seit 20 Jahren .
Seit einiger Zeit verwendet sie DTI als eines ihrer bildgebenden Verfahren .
Dadurch ließ sich ermitteln , dass Alkoholiker oft Schäden am Gehirnbalken davontragen , einem breiten Gebiet weißer Nervenfasern , die die zwei Hemisphären des Gehirns verbinden .
Sullivan und ihre Kollegen fanden außerdem heraus , dass diese Veränderungen mit Aufmerksamkeitsstörungen und Kurzzeitgedächtnisproblemen in Verbindung stehen .
So kann sich mancher Alkoholiker keine Telefonnummer lange genug merken , um sie zu wählen .
Erfreulicherweise zeigt Sullivans Forschungsarbeit aber auch , dass einige Teile des Gehirns wieder gesunden können , sobald ein Alkoholiker lange genug " trocken " war .
Derzeit führen Sullivan und ihr Kollege Adolf Pfefferbaum ( ebenfalls an der Stanford University ) eine Studie durch , um festzustellen , ob auch die weiße Substanz gesunden kann .
An der Untersuchung nehmen 200 gesunde Personen , trockene Alkoholiker und trockene Alkoholiker mit HIV - Infektion teil .
" Gehirnschäden , die mit Alkoholismus zu tun haben , erleidet man über Jahre .
Dementsprechend wird es wohl auch Jahre dauern , bis sie sich wieder zurückbilden " , meint Sullivan .
" Dass bedeutet , dass ein Alkoholiker im Entzug über eine längere Zeit eine Art Reha besuchen müsste , um zu gesunden und danach ein relativ normales Leben mit einer Leistungsfähigkeit wie vor seiner Alkoholkrankheit zu erreichen . "
Daniel Hommer , Chef des Brain Imaging - Labors am US - National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism , wirft ein , dass bislang noch unklar sei , welche Rolle die weiße Substanz beim Alkoholismus spiele .
Allerdings werde die DTI - Technik den Forschern wohl eine Antwort auf diese Frage geben .
Hört ein Erwachsener mit dem Trinken auf , heilen manche geschädigten Teile des Gehirns also wieder .
Doch was ist mit Teenagern , die bereits in jungen Jahren mit dem Alkohol beginnen ?
Deren weiße Substanz im Gehirn gilt als besonders gefährdet , weil die Nervenfasern in der Pubertät noch wachsen .
Die Psychologin Susan Tapert von der University of California in San Diego untersucht die Entwicklung der Nervenfasern bei Teenagern , die Alkohol und Marihuana zu sich nehmen : " Bei Erwachsenen sind die Schäden sehr deutlich , deshalb wollten wir untersuchen , ob sich bei Jugendlichen mit starkem Trinkverhalten ebenfalls Probleme ergeben . "
Man wolle herausfinden , was passiert , wenn die weiße Substanz bereits in der Jugend beschädigt wird .
Ältere Studien mit Hilfe der Structual - MRI - Technik ( Kernspintomografie - Variante ) zeigen erste Hinweise auf Anomalien bei alkoholsüchtigen Teenagern .
Tapert will nun DTI verwenden , um diese Veränderungen genauer charakterisieren zu können und eventuelle Zusammenhänge mit geistigen Schwächen zu entdecken .
Probleme in der weißen Substanz könnten zu schlechterem Abschneiden bei Prüfungen , bei Sprechfähigkeiten , Selbstorganisation und Lebensplanung führen .
" Die Unterschiede sind allerdings recht subtil , es wäre ungefähr der Unterschied zwischen einer 1 und einer 2 im Schulnotenvergleich " , so Tapert .
Dieser Unterschied sei jedoch ausreichend , das Ergebnis zu verändern .
Alkohol kann die weiße Substanz im Gehirn auch in der Frühentwicklung eines Menschen stören - wenn das Baby sich noch im Bauch der Mutter befindet .
In seltenen Fällen fehlt bei Kindern , die mit dem so genannten fötalen Alkoholsyndrom geboren werden , gar der Gehirnbalken .
Andere Kinder , die im Mutterleib Alkohol ausgesetzt sind , zeigen subtilere Probleme .
Claire Coles , Psychologin an der Emory University in Atlanta , hat die Geschichte von Menschen verfolgt , die schon im Mutterleib Alkohol ausgesetzt waren .
Laut Coles zeigt deren Gehirnbalken nun , im Alter von Anfang 20 , sichtbare Unterschiede zur Kontrollgruppe .
Sowohl bei der Informationsverarbeitung als auch beim IQ stecken diese Menschen zurück .
Psychologe Edward Riley von der University of California in San Diego beginnt derzeit mit ähnlichen Studien .
Er meint , dass solche Forschungsarbeiten helfen könnten , Kinder zu entdecken , deren Lernschwäche vom Alkoholkonsum der Mutter während der Schwangerschaft her stammt - und nicht aus anderen Gründen auftritt .
" Bei geistigen Krankheiten wie Alkoholismus sind wir nicht sehr weit fortgeschritten , was die Erkennung des jeweiligen genauen Krankheitsbildes und möglicher Heilungsmethoden anbetrifft " , sagt David Oslin , Psychiater an der University of Pennsylvania .
" Werkzeuge , die uns Subspezies innerhalb von Patientengruppen mitsamt ihrer Neurophysiologie erkennen lassen , könnten uns daher sehr helfen .
DTI könnte hier ein guter Weg sein . "
Von Emily Singer ; Übersetzung : Ben Schwan . ( wst )
