– A guest post by Sandra Garcia
Every year , parents are obligated to buy their kids ( whether they like it or not ) school supplies , and you can bet that pencils are on the list .
Moms and dads might be surprised to find out that those little orange sticks are made out of the 4 billion trees cut down worldwide for paper industries , and assembled with toxic chemicals in factories that pollute the air ( most erasers are made from latex ) .
After much sharpening , they are then thrown away to rest in landfills .
It ’s estimated that 14 billion wood pencils are made each year , and scientists have stated – to little effect – that the manufacturing process of office and school products is damaging to the environment .
In fact , after construction and consumer use , these items are one of the world ’s top dump - fillers .
New companies have emerged to combat the misuse of the planet ’s resources for the paper and office supply industries .
One such company that has emerged and specialized in recycled pencils is earthzone.com , based in Vancouver , B.C. Canada .
In 2005 , architect and filmmaker Matty Scolozzi was unsatisfied with the slow pace of his career and created Earthzone out of a desire to start a creative business , and his passion to encourage people to save the Earth .
To make recycled pencils , Earthzone takes used , whole newspaper sheets ( sourced from both Canada and USA ) , flattens and cuts them , then wraps the pencil graphite with a water - based glue .
Other recycled pencil companies have a similar manufacturing process .
Even consumers who are already buying and using these types of pencils may not know is that the shavings from sharpening can also be recycled .
Re-using a four - foot stack of newspapers to make these pencils can save a 40 - foot pine tree .
Because the pencils are virtually air - free , they are almost impossible to break and will last up to three times more than wood pencils , which answers many parents ’ qualms about eco-friendly supplies costing more than their counterparts .
Over time , buying green can save you from buying more !
And , gone are the days of the boring orange pencil .
Now , recycled pencils have expanded to include colored , artist , scented , and unpainted pencils that expose the newsprint the pencil was made of .
An example of this is Earthzone ’s Special Edition Recycled Pencil .
There are so many options out there that you can be certain you ’ll find a brand or type that is to your and your children ’s liking .
Skeptics will say that these small items will make little impact to improve the environment , but entrepreneurs like Scolozzi are confident that every bit helps , especially when the process of making a green product does n’t harm the Earth .
Numbering in the millions of dollars , the eco-friendly product industry is a profitable one , and Earthzone alone will make six - figures by the end of the year .
As long as the demand continues to grow for all products like recycled pencils to be green - made , it will just be a matter of time before other corporations follow .
About Earthzone :
Founded in 2005 , Earthzone created a line of recycled pencils , which are distributed by six national distributors , including Chapters Indigo and Basics Office Products .
Earthzone plans to make other sustainable products by January 2010 , and to sell 30 more products by next fall .
Earthzone is committed to conducting ethical and responsible business , based on principles of environmental preservation and professionalism .
By Stephen Power and Laura Meckler
It ’s not every day that the White House takes off after a member of Congress .
Then again , it ’s not every day that a member of Congress apologizes to an oil company responsible for a massive environmental and economic disaster .
On Thursday , Rep. Joe Barton of Texas , a senior House Republican , apologized to oil giant BP on behalf of the U.S. government , saying the company had been the victim of a “ shakedown ” engineered by the White House .
He was referring to the $ 20 billion that BP agreed on Wednesday to put into a compensation fund for victims of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , following hours of negotiations between BP and the White House .
Mr. Barton , speaking at a hearing of the House Energy and Commerce Committee , where BP CEO Tony Hayward was testifying , said the agreement set a “ terrible precedent ” and that he was “ ashamed of what happened in the White House . ”
Two senior officials from the local government of Monterrey were kidnapped within 24 hours , authorities said Monday , the latest sign of deteriorating security in Mexico ’s most affluent city .
The northern industrial hub was until recently relatively free of the drug - trafficking violence engulfing other parts of Mexico .
But warfare between gangs is now taking its toll in Monterrey and its tony suburbs .
Both kidnapped officials ran the city ’s transportation department , which controls roadways , truck routes and car registrations , a division that would make a desirable asset in a drug lord ’s empire .
Heavily armed gunmen used vehicles to barge through the front gates of the home of Enrique Barrios Rodriguez , city transportation secretary , about 3 a.m.
Monday , officials said .
The assailants seized Barrios and bundled him out of his Elite Hills neighborhood .
Residents told reporters that the electricity on the street went out shortly before the abduction .
About 24 hours earlier , Reynaldo Ramos , operations chief of the department , was snatched from his home not far from where Barrios lived .
Mayor Fernando Larrazabal said he did not think either man had received specific threats .
“ All we know is … they were taken from their houses by people not yet identified , ” Larrazabal said at an impromptu news conference outside City Hall .
“ Given the gravity of this case , the state prosecutor ’s office is handling the investigation . ”
The mayor said both officials had drivers but no bodyguards .
He would not say why security for Barrios , a former federal congressman , was not stepped up after the abduction of Ramos .
Outside Barrios ’ home , pieces of an electric garage door could be seen , toppled on the ground , and people thought to be his relatives were packing up and leaving .
The kidnappers also took Barrios ’ SUV and a BMW .
Monterrey , capital of Nuevo Leon state , was traditionally relatively quiet in part because top drug traffickers parked their families there , taking advantage of the city ’s top schools and hospitals .
But as the notorious Zetas gang fights to challenge the dominance of its onetime patron , the Gulf cartel , gun battles , kidnappings and other violence have spread .
In the first 4 1 / 2 months of this year , as many people were killed around Monterrey as in the two previous years combined .
wilkinson@latimes.com
Robert Hare is a psychologist who studies psychopaths and is best known for developing the ‘ Hare Psychopathy Checklist ’ or PCL -R , a standard diagnostic tool for assessing offenders .
He is currently threatening to sue two psychologists who wrote an article critical of the theory underlying the checklist , as well as the academic journal , Psychologist Assessment , that accepted the piece for publication after it was peer - reviewed .
There ’s an account of the affair over at the excellent forensic psychology blog ,
In the News , who note that the article was authored by respected researchers Jennifer Skeem and David Cooke and was titled “ Is Criminal Behavior a Central Component of Psychopathy ?
Conceptual Directions for Resolving the Debate ” .
As a result of the legal threat the article has never come to light .
The letter from Hare ’s lawyers apparently claimed that the he would :
“ have no choice but to seek financial damages from your publication and from the authors of the article , as well as a public retraction of the article ” if it was published .
The letter claimed that Skeem and Cooke ’s paper was “ fraught with misrepresentations and other problems and a completely inaccurate summary of what amounts to [ Hare ’s ] life ’s work ” and “ deliberately fabricated or altered quotes of Dr. Hare , and substantially altered the sense of what Dr. Hare said in his previous publications . ”
It ’s probably worth noting that the PCL - R is big business .
At current prices , each assessor who uses the checklist needs their own copy of the manual ( $ 123 ) and the rating booklet ( $ 68.50 ) and each individual assessment requires an interview guide at $ 5 each and a scoring form at about $ 3 each .
However , to use the assessment , each person needs to attend a training workshop at about $ 350 per person and workshops can easily involve 100 people at a time .
Additionally , there is a follow - up correspondence course , price unspecified .
Because the assessments are used in the legal system , it is important that no - one ( like an opposing lawyer in court ) can find fault in the process and attending the ‘ official ’ training from the PCL - R company is considered the gold standard .
Recently , the affair has caught the attention of two lawyers and legal scholars who have just published their own analysis of the situation in the International Journal of Forensic Mental Health .
They express regret that Hare has chosen to use legal threats to counter his critics rather than to refute any points he felt were unfair in print himself , but also note that his strategy may actually undermine the usefulness of the PCL - R in court as opposing lawyers “ may attempt to discredit that testimony by arguing that the literature relevant to evaluating the PCL - R has been tainted ” .
Link to In the News on the case .
Ashley's , 338 S. State , is celebrating Michigan Beer Month .
Are you ?
David Bardallis | Contributor
Summer ’s almost half over , and if you ’re like me , you ’re wondering where the time has gone .
Stores are already marking down and moving out inventory for the warm months and setting up back - to - school and fall displays .
If it were n’t for the fact football season ’s also starting soon , it would be enough to depress your sun-loving correspondent .
Luckily , we still have many more weeks of warmth ahead of us as well as many more great local beer events to help you beat the heat .
Some humble suggestions follow , in your Week in Beer .
Friday
It ’s a special Michigan Beer Tasting night from 5 - 7 p.m. at Whole Foods Cranbrook , 990 W. Eisenhower Pkwy. , with rare beers from Arbor Brewing Co. in the spotlight .
On tap will be Aged Sour Velvet Hammer Anniversary Ale , Bourbon Barrel Aged Espresso Love with Chipotle and Vanilla , and Hell Comes to Hoptown Brown Ale .
The rest of Arbor ’s current beer lineup will also be available in bottles .
Do n’t miss this chance to try some great rare and local beers at $ 3 a glass , even !
Tuesday Like oysters ?
Like beer ?
Wanna help Louisiana fishermen whose livelihoods have taken a hit from the Gulf oil spill ?
Jolly Pumpkin has the event for you :
Three JP and North Peak ales — Archangel Summer Wheat , Weizen Bam , Oro de Calabaza — paired with three kinds of fresh oysters .
Live music , live shuckin' , and an auction round out the event , with proceeds benefiting Friends of the Fishermen .
6 - 8 p.m. at the Jolly Pumpkin CafÃ© & Brewery , 311 S. Main .
$ 15 for three pairings .
See the official Facebook page for more details and to RSVP .
Wednesday At 6 p.m. at the Corner Brewery , 720 Norris St. , Ypsilanti , the monthly Rat Rad Release ( aka special small - batch brew ) takes place .
This time around , it 's Perpetual Tootsie Porter , a robust porter that received a dosage of Tootsie Rolls every couple minutes throughout the boil .
The result : a 5.5 percent ABV candied concoction that sounds like it could make for a nice dessert .
If you 're around Old Town Tavern , 122 W. Liberty St. , at 6:30 p.m. , you may want to drop in and say hi to Laura Bell , marketing director of Bell 's Brewery , who will be visiting for a pint or two .
( If you miss her here , at 9 p.m . she 'll be at Ashley 's , which is busting out a couple special Bell 's beers in addition to the seven already on tap for Michigan Beer Month . )
Beginning at 9 p.m. at Bar Louie , 401 E. Liberty St. , Arcadia
Ales is in the house for a promo event , and their Hopmouth Double IPA , Whitsun Wheat Ale , and Sky High Rye Ale will all be on tap , as well as a special cask of secret deliciousness .
All told , Bar Louie is featuring 20 taps of Michigan beer as part of the Second Annual Michigan Beer Cup challenge between Ann Arbor and Ypsilanti , a friendly competition organized by Ann Arbor - based Rave Associates .
Do n’t forget Wednesdays all drafts are $ 3 , so you have no excuse not to come out and do your part for the cause .
Notes on the Napkin
Tickets are on sale now for Let ’s Go Brew : The Battle of Ann Arbor ’s Finest Beers , a fundraiser organized by the University of Michigan School of Kinesiology ’s Pat Maloy Scholarship Committee and the M Club of Detroit .
The event takes place at 8 p.m. Aug. 14 at Jolly Pumpkin CafÃ© & Brewery .
A $ 50 ticket ( a portion of which is tax deductible ) includes the following awesomeness : a cook - off and beer pairing prepared by chefs from the Blue Tractor BBQ & Brewery , Grizzly Peak Brewing Co. , and Jolly Pumpkin ; a silent auction of sports memorabilia ; and a special tasting of yummy Jolly Pumpkin brews .
Attendees will have the chance to vote for their favorite beer and food pairing , and the winning restaurant will be awarded the Maize & Brew Cup .
Space is limited ; call 734-647-2689 to order your tickets .
, a fundraiser organized by the University of Michigan School of Kinesiology ’s Pat Maloy Scholarship Committee and the M Club of Detroit .
The event takes place at 8 p.m. Aug. 14 at Jolly Pumpkin CafÃ© & Brewery .
A $ 50 ticket ( a portion of which is tax deductible ) includes the following awesomeness : a cook - off and beer pairing prepared by chefs from the Blue Tractor BBQ & Brewery , Grizzly Peak Brewing Co. , and Jolly Pumpkin ; a silent auction of sports memorabilia ; and a special tasting of yummy Jolly Pumpkin brews .
Attendees will have the chance to vote for their favorite beer and food pairing , and the winning restaurant will be awarded the Maize & Brew Cup .
Space is limited ; call 734-647-2689 to order your tickets .
Do n’t forget to pick up your Michigan Summer Beer Festival tickets at your favorite local brewpub — as it does every year , the event is sure to sell out and time is running short !
tickets at your favorite local brewpub — as it does every year , the event is sure to sell out and time is running short !
And speaking of , the list of beers and breweries at the festival is finally available on The Mash , the Michigan Brewers Guild blog .
As always , it looks like an awesome lineup .
David Bardallis is a freelance writer and editor , blogger , bon vivant , and man about town .
Visit his website , DavidBardallis.com , to engage his services or read his latest .
Email your beer - related thoughts to annarborbeer@gmail.com , follow @dbardallis on Twitter , or join the " All the Brews Fit to Pint " Facebook page .
Part 3 : Mas un club , it 's a soda too .
Beckham questions whether he likes the feeling of black rubber pellets from GS turf in his asscrack
Fuck you , I run this bitch
2006So Metro's old owners ( AEG ) dumped them , and Red Bull took over our franchise .
They completely changed our name , crest and colors in the process .
Red Bull can only be described as the rebound girl who kind of grows on you after a while , but only because your ex cheated on you with like 5 other dudes , but you know the rebound girl wo n't cheat so you stick with her for 5 years ( even though she makes you quit most of your favorite activities .. mainly winning ) and eventually buys you some really nice shit .
Mike Bradley was sold to Holland , Ante Razov peaced , and Eddie Gaven got traded to Columbus for Edson Buddle .
Edson Buddle was not good in his stint here .
He is clearly on steroids and peyote , that is the only explanation for his current form .
It 's all good though , our new General Manager Alexi Lalas ( minus the whole ginger mullet thing ) was here to cheer us up .
He was our best friend after all .
See ?
So , we 're gonna have our minds blown ?
To say the fanbase was mutinous at this point would be an understatement .
Metrofanatic turned into a warzone and long time supporters jumped ship , never to return again .
However , life must go on .
Red Bull tried to soften the blow by taking 800 of us on vacation one month after meeting them ( fo ' free ) .
It was an all expenses paid bus trip and club party to the slum known as RFK stadium .
We tied , we got in fights , fuck DC .
Then , we had 33,000 show up for our home opener to see Shakira and Wyclef .
We drew 0 - 0 , no one really noticed .
Then we drew again , and again , and again .
Red Bull was mediocre , and the club was too .
To make matters worse , our best friend peaced on us and went to go fuck our ex .
That 's right , Alexi Lalas went to work for AEG and the LA Galaxy .
He was replaced by a man who never watched soccer , and knew ( knows ) nothing about the sport ... Mark DeGrandpre ( bitch ) .
Meanwhile , Alexi Lalas is still a colossal asshole .
About the only good thing to come out of 2006 was the emergence of a young kid named Jozy Altidore .
DC
Thumped us 4 - 1 at home , Mo Johnston got fired , and Bruce Arena took over a pathetically awful roster .
Bruce stabilized the club and began to get some quality results towards the end of the season .
Metro fought hard against DC , and deserved to go through , but eventually bowed out of the competition because John Conway 's Geri Curls got in the way as he tried to make a save at the near post .
2007 Bye Amado .
2007 saw the end of the Amado Guevara era , a move which was loudly criticized by the most vocal supporters of the club .
He was traded for a second DP slot ( Thierry Henry is a DP by the way , and it does not stand for double penetration in this case ) .
Claudio " Little Things " Reyna was signed , as was Clint Mathis ( which everyone was pleased about ) .
Buoyed by the emergence of the Flying Dutchman Dave van den Bergh , Metro came out on fire to start the season .
There was some optimism in Jersey , and fans began to hope that the worst was behind us .
Then came the single most important signing in Metro history ... the signing of Juan Pablo Angel .
The most prolific goal scorer in team history , our hero , and our captain .
Metro was eliminated in the playoffs after Angel was injured with a concussion , and New England capitalized while we were down to 10 men .
Things were looking up in Metro land however , and a solid core of players were built .
RB looked poised for success in 2008 .
By the way , Claudio Reyna fucking blew and was hurt half of the time .
The " Little Things " I spoke of were all little injuries which made him a practically useless million dollar signing .
BTW Beckham showed up , but Jozy and Angel stole the show .
LA finished last , Lalas got fired .
2008
So remember when I told you that Metro was building a quality core of players ?
Yeah , we fired Bruce Arena .
Let me say that again ... We Fired Bruce Arena .
The excellent team of last year was dismantled as Marvelle Wynne was traded to Colorado , Dunivant was traded , Altidore was sold in the summer , and we paid an obscene price to hire Juan Carlos Osorio .
Osorio was responsible for signing Gabriel Chichero , Jorge Rojas and Juan Pietravallo .
All three of these players sucked , but they made us think they were OK ( side note : I gave my ESC scarf to fucking Cichero .
I feel like an asshole ) .
Metro limped into the playoffs ( actually they backed in .. face down , ass up ) .
Most fans expected an early round exit to Houston as Metro made it in as the 5th team from the eastern conference ( the west was that bad ) .
Metro then rode a wave of heroic goalkeeping to beat both Houston ( in the best game of Dane Richards life ) and Salt Lake ( thanks to the goalposts ) to head to Los Angeles for the MLS Cup final .
In the process we also made Alexi Lalas shotgun a Red Bull on national TV .
Metro lost the final , but we will never forget that magical run , and the amazing play of Danny Cepero .
Unfortunately , it also prolonged the reign of Juan Carlos Osorio .
Oh yeah , DeGrandpre peaced to go sell some purple drank .
Up next :
The present , and how to be a Red Bulls fan
( Natural News )
By now , almost everyone is aware of the out - of - control oil spill down in the Gulf of Mexico that seems to be getting exponentially worse with each passing day .
But what people may not know is that BP 's efforts to control the oil by burning it are actually burning alive a certain rare and endangered species of sea turtle .
For several weeks now , rescue crews have been feverishly trying to save Kemp 's Ridleys sea turtles , as well as four other endangered varieties , from being caught in the oil corral areas that are being intentionally burned by BP , but according to Mike Ellis , one of the boat captains involved in the project , BP has now blocked all such rescue efforts from taking place .
" They ran us out of there and then they shut us down , they would not let us get back in there , " he explained in an interview with Catherine Craig , a conservation biologist .
According to Dr. Brian Stacy , a veterinarian with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , there are five different endangered sea turtles living in the Gulf that are all at risk , but the type being found " dead or covered in oil " the most is the Kemp 's Ridleys variety , which is the rarest species of them all .
So why would BP intentionally block rescue efforts aimed at protecting and saving wildlife and other endangered species from being burned alive in controlled burning pits ?
For starters , the Kemp 's Ridleys sea turtle is listed in the Endangered Species Act , which means there are severe penalties for those who harm or kill them .
According to the law , harming or killing even one animal on the endangered species list can result in a fine of up to $ 50,000 and may include prison time .
This means that the hundreds , or even thousands , of endangered sea turtles being burned alive by BP are going to cost the company a lot of money , not to mention the prison time its executives might have to serve .
At this point , it is difficult to determine exactly how many sea turtles are being , or have been , destroyed by BP because access to the pits has ceased , but crews are doing what they can to keep track of the animals they do know of to be sure that BP is held responsible in the end .
Desperate to change their miserable present , Republicans are traveling back in time to rewrite the past .
And so it is with President Franklin Roosevelt and the New Deal .
Hoping to block President Obama 's stimulus program designed to prevent the next Great Depression , right - wing authors , pundits , and politicians insisted FDR failed to cure the first one .
Now , Glenn Beck tells us , Americans reacted to the death of the man who led America back from economic collapse to victory in World War II by claiming with relief , " I 'm glad he 's dead . "
On his Friday show , Beck featured regular guest Burton Folsom Jr. to peddle his book proclaiming the New Deal a failure .
( Citing the thoroughly debunked work of Amity Shlaes , GOP leaders like John McCain and Mitch McConnell in 2009 similarly called he New Deal a bust , while Ohio Rep .
Steve Austria amazingly declared that FDR " put our country into a Great Depression " )
After Folsom praised the Republican Roaring Twenties for producing Scotch Tape and zippers , Beck summed up his feelings for Roosevelt :
BECK : Roosevelt ...
Am I wrong by saying there was a good portion of people that thought , " Holy cow , I 'm glad he 's dead .
He was turning into a dictator . "
FOLSOM : Well , there were a lot of people who thought that .
As you pointed out , we immediately had a constitutional amendment to prevent any other president from serving longer than two terms ...
It had not worked well with four terms under Franklin Roosevelt .
Of course , Roosevelt 's death on April 12 , 1945 brought shock , disbelief and national mourning .
And he was wildly popular .
His approval rating , which reached 84 % in 1942 , never dipped below 48 % ( in 1938 ) .
His passing on the eve of victory in Europe stunned Americans , whose approval of him topped 70 % .
And with good reason .
He had been overwhelmingly elected in 1932 , 1936 , 1940 and 1944 .
( He never won less than 36 states and 432 electoral votes . )
Even before the onset of World War II , FDR slashed unemployment by more than half and largely restored industrial production and GDP growth .
( Only when Roosevelt wavered in the face of conservative pressure in 1937 did his New Deal temporarily falter . )
Among FDR 's ardent backers were the Schecter brothers , whose 1935 Supreme Court challenge to his National Recovery Administration struck down much of his New Deal regulatory program .
As David Leonhardt wrote in the New York Times review of Amity Shlaes ' book :
Among Roosevelt 's supporters , evidently , were a family of chicken butchers in Brooklyn named the Schechters .
" Their major political concern in the 1930s was anti-Semitism , " Shlaes 's appendix quotes one of their descendants as saying .
" They believed that if Roosevelt had not solved the problems of the Depression , the U.S. could have gone the way of Nazi Germany . "
The Schechters apparently voted for Roosevelt every time he ran .
( This piece also appears at Perrspectives . )
IF ANY industry ought to be seeing silver iridescence in the dark slick of oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico , it is renewable energy .
However , since what is perhaps the biggest environmental disaster America has yet seen erupted at BP 's Macondo prospect on April 20th the RENIXX index , which measures the world 's 30 largest publicly traded renewable - energy companies , has fallen by 15 % .
This is even worse than the 12 % fall in the MSCI world stockmarkets index in that period .
Moreover , it continues a longer - term decline of more than two - thirds from the index 's all - time high in December 2007 .
The oil spill might have been expected to revive a sense of urgency that the world , and America in particular , should reduce its dependence on oil , not least by switching to cleaner , greener sources of energy .
Instead it is increasingly common to hear investors asking gloomily , “ Is green dead ? ”
The green - energy industry is still policy - driven rather than market - driven
The economic downturn is clearly partly to blame for the decline in shares of renewable - energy companies .
The industry is still policy - driven rather than market - driven , and the recession has increasingly called into question whether governments will be able to afford the sort of environmental policies they have been promising ( including in their fiscal - stimulus programmes ) .
These policy commitments had been an important factor in the bulging market capitalisations of green - energy firms two or three years ago .
The recent problems in the euro zone have increased such concerns among investors , especially given the big contributions that wobbly countries such as Spain and Italy have been making to total global demand for solar and wind energy .
Add to that the failure at the Copenhagen summit to make any significant progress in reaching a global agreement to curb climate change .
Add , too , the similar lack of progress in getting an energy bill adopted by America 's Congress .
Taking these failures together with the sharp fall in the price of carbon on Chicago 's voluntary emission - permits market , it is easy to conclude that the Cassandras of early 2008 who talked about a bubble in green investing have been proved right .
Yet a case can be made — and the industry 's optimists are making it — that the green gloom is overdone .
“ The stockmarket is focused on the macroeconomic environment , not on the fundamentals , ” argues Tom Werner , the chief executive of SunPower , a big American solar - energy firm .
Although SunPower 's share price is currently around one - tenth what it was at its peak in December 2007 , Mr Werner insists that green is anything but dead .
“ The secular move to renewables such as solar is an unassailable shift , ” he says .
A glut of solar panels is expected to hit the market in the coming year as new production comes online , especially in China .
Even so , Mr Werner remains confident that his firm is “ extremely well - positioned ” to profit from that shift .
The outlook for greenery looks a lot better outside the wind and solar firms that dominate the RENIXX index
Moreover , the outlook for greenery looks a lot better outside the wind and solar firms that dominate the RENIXX index .
“ Investment in wind and solar overheated in the run-up to the economic crisis , and it is still suffering .
But other sorts of ‘ clean tech ' investment are bouncing back , ” says Dan Esty of Yale University , the co-author of “ Green to Gold : How Smart Companies Use Environmental Strategy to Innovate , Create Value and Build Competitive Advantage ” .
Investment in clean - tech from various sources , including venture capital , private equity and corporate research and development , peaked at around $ 200 billion in 2008 , before dropping by 20 - 30 % last year , estimates Mr Esty .
But it is reviving this year , and may soon exceed the 2008 total — if not in 2010 , it will certainly do so in 2011 , he predicts .
In renewable energy , geothermal and cellulosic biofuels are attracting lots of new money , says Mr Esty , as are various forms of supporting infrastructure , including “ smart grid ” and “ smart home ” technology , better batteries and other energy - storage equipment .
The electric - car business is booming , with a number of new models soon to arrive on America 's roads .
China is also investing heavily in electric cars : could America lose the green - tech game ?
However , Chinese firms are also investing heavily in electric cars .
What the Chinese authorities have realised , says Mr Esty , is that even leaving aside their contribution to preventing climate change , electric cars have the potential to solve the country 's huge problem with urban smog .
He worries that America is in danger of “ losing the innovation game ” to China on various green - energy technologies , electric vehicles included .
The danger of losing technological leadership in a crucial industry to a big geopolitical rival ; and an oil disaster in its backyard .
Surely America 's government cannot ignore the pressing need for new policies to promote its green - energy industries ?
By marking down the shares of renewables firms , the markets seem to be assuming that the government will indeed ignore it .
Then again , as has been all too clear in recent years , the markets do not always guess right .
NBC affiliate WBCD reports , inaccurately , that state 's ES&S touch - screen voting machines include ' independent paper back up '...
Brad Friedman Byon 6/14/2010 , 8:16 pm PT
The local Charleston , South Carolina , NBC affiliate , WCBD , was hoodwinked by someone ; apparently it was the SC Election Commission .
In the following report , WCBD 's Larry Collins says that he has checked on the claim that " there is no independent paper back up from [ South Carolina 's ] touch machines . "
He then goes on to inaccurately report , presumably from information given to him by the state election commission , that " there is a paper trail " on the state 's ES&S iVotronic voting systems ...
Collins ' reporting is patently inaccurate .
The pieces of paper seen hanging in the background behind him are end of the day reports or possibly some " poll tapes , " printed out after polls close , showing the purported tallies from each machine or precinct .
They are not auditable " paper trail " records of voters ' votes , and they are not verified in any way , shape , or form by the voter .
Those printouts can say absolutely anything , as printed , including the actual vote counts , erroneous vote counts due to machine malfunction or misprogramming , or , as seen in the following Fox " News " clip , vote counts that have been purposely manipulated by tampering and / or the inclusion of a virus implanted on one of the voting machines ' memory cards ...
The example of the hack / virus seen above was on a Diebold AccuVote TS system , one that was given to VelvetRevolution .us by a company whistleblower and passed on to Princeton for their study .
We broke the story of that hack back in 2006 .
[ Disclosure : The BRAD BLOG is co-founder of VR . ]
The 100 % unverifiable voting machines used in the SC Democratic primary were ES&S iVotronics , made by the " Nebraska company " referred to in WCBD 's report , not Diebold .
Both machines , however , are Direct Recording Electronic ( DRE , touch - screen ) systems which do not offer a " Voter - Verifiable Paper Audit Trail " ( VVPAT ) .
Even if they did offer a VVPAT , they would still be 100 % unverifiable , but we 'll save that explanation for another day .
For now , suffice to say , WCBD was apparently hoodwinked by the SC Election Commission .
There are no " paper trails " on SC 's e-voting machines , and there is no way for anyone to prove that a single vote cast on them was recorded as per the voter 's intent , as we 've been trying to point out for years .
In the meantime , as we reported earlier today , Vic Rawls has filed a formal protest against last week 's primary election for the Democratic U.S. Senate nomination said to have been won by candidate Alvin Greene who had no job , no campaign website , and ran no campaign .
Among the concerns Rawl outlined in announcing his protest is his correct assertion of " the well - documented unreliability and unverifiability of the voting machines used in South Carolina . "
He also mentioned in his statement today that the campaign has received reports of " poll workers who had to change program cards multiple times " on Election Day .
Given what can be done with one of those " program cards , " as seen in the demonstration on Fox posted above , there is every reason to be very concerned about the reported results of the election , and we hope that Rawl 's campaign has ensured those cards are securely quarantined for investigation by computer scientists and security experts .
Rawl 's formal protest will be heard by the South Carolina Democratic Party 's executive committee on Thursday , where , Washington Post reports , the " burden of proof " will be on Rawl to prove that the unprovable election " victory " by Greene was illegitimate .
Good luck with that .
In the meantime , if anybody out there has proof that Alvin Greene actually won the election we'd be delighted to see it .
Unfortunately , none exists .
Rawl appeared on tonight 's Countdown with Keith Olbermann on MSNBC .
Olbermann was woefully uninformed about the election systems used in South Carolina .
We were happy to see that Rawl was much less so , and repeated his concerns that the results were due to some form of software or hardware malfunction or tampering .
Here is that interview , followed by links to The BRAD BLOG 's previous coverage of this story to date .
Hopefully someone at MSNBC bothers to read one or more of those detailed articles on this mess .
Please feel free to Tweet the links to any of them to either @ KeithOlbermann , @MaddowBlog or any other mainstream media outlet you know of .
They may contact us via email or even via Twitter for more information , including actual facts and stuff ...
Previously related at The BRAD BLOG :
* * *
Please support
The BRAD BLOG 's fiercely independent , award - winning coverage of your electoral system , as available from no other media outlet in the nation , with a donation to help us keep going ( Snail mail , more options here ) .
If you like , we 'll send you some great , award - winning election integrity documentary films in return !
Details right here ...
Creative Forensic Services chief Arlo West , who has worked on a number of high profile crimes in the United States , says the recordings are of " extraordinary " quality and appear to have been made using a professional - standard microphone .
Mel Gibson ... tapes allegedly tampered with , experts believe .
" In the tapes themselves there are several things that would raise a red flag as an expert , " Mr West told Good Morning America .
" I found gaps , transients and fades .
All three of these things would be considered in authenticating the audio itself . "
Gibson and Grigorieva are locked in a bitter legal battle over custody of their eight - month - old daughter , Lucia .
The series of recordings were leaked during the past week to celebrity gossip website RadarOnline.com .
Before the split ... Robyn and Mel Gibson .
They allegedly feature the Oscar - winning Braveheart director using racist language to disparage a Hispanic cleaning lady .
In earlier tapes Gibson referred to black people as " niggers , " called Grigorieva a " whore " and a " bitch in heat " , and apparently acknowledged beating her .
While they have not been authenticated , Gibson has not issued any denial since they began surfacing on Friday .
But website TMZ reports that his lawyers are preparing to present evidence that the tapes have been tampered with .
Mel never engaged in any physical abuse of any kind toward me before , during or after our marriage .
Mel was a wonderful and loving father A second expert , Frank Piazza , who worked on the Jon Benet Ramsey murder case 14 years ago , supported Mr West 's assertion .
" There are redactions , things were taken out , there were obviously things people did n't want others to hear , " Mr Piazza told HollywoodLife.com .
Detectives investigating Gibson for the possible domestic violence case say they have received audio recordings from a court deciding the actor - director 's child custody case .
Sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said the CDs were turned over during a closed session in the custody case .
The speculation comes as Gibson 's soon - to - be ex-wife Robyn reportedly filed a declaration in support of the star .
Robyn Gibson said in the document her husband of 28 years had never physically abused her or any of their children , TMZ.com reported .
" Mel never engaged in any physical abuse of any kind toward me before , during or after our marriage , " the one - page declaration states .
She adds : " Mel was a wonderful and loving father . "
Sheriff 's spokesman Whitmore said detectives were working to authenticate the recordings released by the court .
He did not say how many recordings were included or how long they were .
It is unclear whether the recordings include those that have been posted by the celebrity website RadarOnline.com .
The site has posted more than 20 minutes of recordings of arguments between a man who sounds distinctly like Gibson and a woman identified by the site as Grigorieva .
Whitmore said detectives still hoped to speak to Gibson , who has not yet been interviewed .
Detectives are looking into allegations that Gibson harmed Grigorieva during a January confrontation .
He said he would not speculate on when the case would be turned over to prosecutors , who will decide whether Gibson should face criminal charges .
Loading " It 's not going to be rushed , " Whitmore said .
- with agencies .
BioWare has told IncGamers that gamers who are worried about the ‘ elder ’ game – once you ’ve completed levelling up your character – in Star Wars : The Old Republic , should n’t be worried .
Speaking to IGTV , Ohlen said that a game of Star Wars : The Old Republic ’s scope “ has so many features ” that it ’s hard to talk about them all .
He confirmed the team were aware of the frustrations gamers feel when they level up to the max and complete all the quests , and said that SWTOR will not be like other MMOs out there .
“ I know some people are worried , for example , about the elder game [ and are asking ] ” what happens in the elder game , what happens when you get to the highest level ? ’
We do have a plan for that and we will be revealing it the future . ”
Ohlen says that because the team are all MMO gamers , their concerns are also the same as the gamers .
“ Do n’t worry , it ’s not like we ’re ignoring that .
We have a lot of hardcore MMO players who have like five level 80 WoW characters , so it ’s not like we do n’t have the knowledge of what we need to do in terms of the elder game and other aspects of our game . ”
incgamers will have a full interview with James Ohlen will go up later this week , so make sure you keep your eyes open .
Confessions of a D&D Camp Counselor
I have a great job , I ’m a counselor at D&D camp , which is to say that I have the best job ever .
I do n’t mean to gloat , but my time as a D&D counselor has been incredibly enjoyable and I ’m sure if you read along you ’ll share in the fun of the last week .
Before camp began , I spent a week learning about how to spot child abuse ( very important ! ) and care for kids .
Before I met the kids I went over to the camp director ’s house in the middle of a Sunday afternoon .
Myself and the other counselors met up and we played some D&D ; I taught the old schoolers how to play 4e , while the director of the camp gave me a refresher on how to play 3.5e .
After four hours of being paid to play D&D and think up campaign ideas it was time to get ready for the first day of camp .
The first morning was spent creating characters .
I quickly remembered that for children D&D is a very different game .
If you ’ve been reading Dungeon ’s Master for any period of time or been listening to my actual play podcast you ’ll know that I play with some of the most hopeless min/maxers in the universe and so it was refreshing to play with 10 - year - olds .
Some kids had a better idea of how to play than others and some of them really built their characters from the heart .
One character , named Stealth Phoenix ( who has a stealth score of - 2 ) , wanted to “ be a dragon who dual wields flails . ”
Ok kid you ’ve got it , you ’re a Fighter , for so many reasons .
After staring at the PHB for about 15 seconds he declared “ The words are too confusing ! ” so I just described the powers to him , ala “ … with a sweep of your flail you tangle your enemy ’s ankles with a rusty chain and pull their legs out from under them and strike them and they crash to the ground ! ”
Every time his eyes lit up and he started acting out power rangers moves I wrote the attack down on his character sheet .
I know that developing a mathematically perfect character and seeing it work as planned is satisfying , but I guarantee that this kid has more fun than you , you min / maxer you .
We broke for lunch and after a rousing game of Sphere of Annihilation ( dodge ball ) the adventure was underway .
The first encounter ended up being a very in - depth social one and I was very impressed by my campers .
An enemy adventuring party was threatening them and the tensions were high .
Rosie , the party ’s Rouge wanted to ambush them later to protect her pet camel , Spit , from combat , and as such convinced Super Jake the Wizard to be peaceful .
Super Jake was created by someone who rolled up Wizard because he wanted to blow up everything in sight .
So rather than being arrested for fighting in town they made their way to the bar and pretended to drink for 20 minutes , and then after they grew bored of describing the silly things that ( apparently ) drunk people do , it was back on the road to fulfill their quest .
Day two arrived and already .
The Hunters ( which was the name of their adventuring company ) were starting to show some signs of teamwork .
They saw the enemy party walking down the Old Silver Road , a dusty back woods trail , and created an extremely elaborate ambush .
In the time span of 5 minutes they wanted to dig a 20 - foot deep pit trap filled with giant spikes , that when triggered would cause the near by trees to collapse into the pit which they would then light on fire .
The party wanted to use Stealth Phoenix ’s horse as bait for the ambush , at which time he informed us that his character had fused himself to his horse by way of powerful fire magic ; he presented us with a huge sized figure he had sculpted out of clay the night before .
After some debate we agreed that he could be a half - man / half - horse fire creature , provided that it gave him no mechanical benefits and that he was still a medium sized creature .
They eventually defeated Skrall , the Dragonborn Sorceress .
A cheer went out and it was time to loot , and argue for 15 minutes over who got the +1 magic dagger .
As the week progressed and the party ’s characters better emerged , the plot line I had written became submerged .
Instead of having kids ask leading questions about the next leg of the journey I started getting questions like “ Can we fight Orcus ? ” and “ Can I have a +1,000 sword ? ” .
It ’s hard to keep kids on track but every DM has to know his limitations and give way to the will of the players .
As much as I am supposed to be the DM , exploring the depths of the mines was not as interesting a plot - line as seeing if Spit the camel is faster than Stealth Phoenix ’s horse , which is also named Stealth Phoenix .
At the end of the race track they found a dragon ’s lair because they wanted to fight a dragon , and though it might seem unlikely , within the dragon ’s hoard were two + 2 flails of haste .
“ +2 Flail of Haste ? ” you say .
Do n’t bother looking it up it ’s not a “ real ” item .
You know what these kids have n’t unlearned that a lot of the people I play D&D with have ?
Unless you ’ve resigned to play a by - the - book kind of game with lots of rules and number crunching you do n’t even need your rule books .
You could do well to get rid of your character sheet as well .
Instead of picking powers from the books , my kids made them up , and none of them cared about game balance .
So what if the Rogue has a power where she blinds her enemies with the blood of someone she just beheaded with a dagger ?
The kids are more concerned about how awesome the things that happen are then the mechanical justification for their use .
Let ’s not look back on our youth foolishly and claim that those days were better just because we were younger .
Kids cheat , pretty much constantly .
Most of the kids that I was DMing for were only in favour of the rules so long as they let them fly around with a magical lightning sword , they rest of the rules , like the rules for drowning , they did n’t like as much .
One reason why the “ rulebooks in the fireplace ” style of DMing works so much better with these kids is that you have to cheat like crazy just to counteract their cheating , or else become the dice police , which is no fun at all .
On the final day of camp I held an all out no holds barred battle arena .
The kids pitted their wits against each other in mortal combat , to the winner went the chance to face my character in a one - on - one duel .
With level 5 characters they competed in games of capture the flag , king of the hill , team death match and a special elimination round against level 33 Orcus , where they gained points for each round of combat they survived .
It was all very light hearted and a good time was had by all , what with people half my age screaming “ CRIT ! ” in my ear , and with bonus points given out to those who would describe their attacks in as great detail as possible .
In the end the Paladin named General Specific came out on top by a single point and it was time for head - to - head combat .
I bragged about how unbeatable my character was for the whole week and so the kids were really excited to see how things would unfold .
Whenever we played kids vs. counselors capture the flag the kids would go ape with excitement , but I was n’t really prepared for what I would experience .
In the end the battle lasted three rounds , as my Dwarven dual - wielding axe Ranger ( yeah you know the one ) laid waste to the Paladin , but a grand time was had by all .
And so , the campers begin their conspiring to build characters that can beat me for next week ’s arena .
That was week one as a D&D counselor .
I learned a lot about DMing and playing D&D from the kids that I spent the week with , and so you can understand why I ’m looking forward to the next eight weeks of my full time employment .
If you ’re interested in hearing more about my experiences at D&D camp or would like to read more of the insights I gained from playing with kids , leave your comments below .
Dungeons & Dragons Camp runs from July 5 – September 3 , 2010 at the Toronto Harbourfront Centre .
What happens next ?
Follow @ameron_dm
Looking for instant updates ?
Subscribe to the Dungeon ’s Master feed !
Pin 91 Shares
WASHINGTON / NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The Federal Bureau of Investigation has opened a probe into a security breach of Apple Inc ’s iPad that exposed personal information of AT&T Inc customers , including those of several high - ranking government officials .
The breach , first reported by the website Gawker , occurred when a group calling itself Goatse Security hacked into AT&T ’s iPad subscriber data , obtaining a list of email addresses that also included celebrities , chief executives and politicians .
“ The FBI is aware of these possible computer intrusions and has opened an investigation to address the potential cyber threat , ” FBI spokesman Jason Pack said on Thursday .
AT&T , which has exclusive U.S. rights to carry the iPad and the popular iPhone , has acknowledged the security breach but said it had corrected the flaw and that only email addresses were exposed to hackers who identified a security weakness .
It declined to comment on the FBI investigation .
The quick FBI probe into the security flaw came amid reports of several high - ranking government officials on the list of iPad owners with compromised personal information .
In all , more than 100,000 email addresses are believed to have been exposed .
Goatse could not immediately be reached for comment .
One source in the telecommunications industry said it was not surprising that the FBI was looking at the breach .
“ If there ’s a high profile data compromise it ’s not unusual to get a phone call from government officials , ” said the executive , who asked not to be named .
Visitors walk past a poster advertising the new iPad at an Apple retail store in Madrid May 28 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Susana Vera
The iPad , launched in April , has already sold more than 2 million units worldwide .
NO COMPROMISE ?
The iPad , launched in April , has already sold more than 2 million units worldwide .
Buzz around the device -- which alongside the iPhone will form a pivotal part of the company ’s international growth strategy -- helped propel Apple past Microsoft Corp in May to become the world ’s most valuable technology stock .
But rivals from Dell Inc to Hewlett - Packard
Co are scrambling to get rival offerings onto the fledgling market , and the security breach could pose a potential embarrassment for Apple ’s 2 - month - old device .
Security experts said it was unlikely that other information besides email addresses had been compromised .
Charlie Miller , an analyst with Independent Security Evaluators , argued that the breach had nothing to do the iPad ’s security .
“ The actual vulnerability is pretty basic , but the loss of data is not serious , in my opinion .
The data on the iPad and the devices themselves were never compromised or vulnerable , ” Miller said via e-mail .
George Kurtz , chief technology officer for security software company McAfee , also downplayed the severity of the breach .
“ I would guess that this application vulnerability gained so much attention because , after all , it is Apple we are talking about , ” Kurtz wrote in a blog post .
“ The hype around Apple products -- like the new iPhone and iPad -- is amazing .
However , the reality is this type of vulnerability is n’t really news and happens all day long . ”
But the security gaffe is n’t likely help AT&T win any friends among Apple customers .
The carrier has been criticized by iPhone users for the quality its network .
Still , few people thought the security snafu would hurt AT&T ’s relationship with Apple .
“ Everybody realizes security is an issue all companies have to deal with , ” BTIG analyst Walter Piecyk said .
“ Apple has endured the reputation of AT&T ’s network , which seems to be a much bigger deal . ”
A video has been racing around the Internet — purportedly showing heavy weapons discovered behind bags of flour on the Mavi Marmara .
The find would serve to justify the lethal raid on the flotilla to Gaza and some posters have asked why no uproar ?
The answer is because the video is a fraud — it shows a boat that was actually searched in 2009 .
The video is often accompanied by the same text , which was posted by a commenter on this blog :
This video shows that during the unloading of the Marmara boat in the port of Ashdod , behind the bags of flour were boxes of heavy weapons and ammunition : mortars , artillery shells , bazookas , without counting a trunk where more than one million euros was found intended for Hamas .
This video should be widely distributed as evidence of why the IDF Naval commandos were dispatched to intercept the six vessels including the M/S Mavi Marmara .
One wonders what is aboard the Irish vessel , the M/S. Rachel Corrie , that Israel will intercept sometime today when it approaches the Naval blockade line off the coast of Gaza .
Clearly the Turkish AKP Islamist government is complicit in permitting this military cargo to be loaded on the ‘ peaceful ’ Free Gaza Flotilla .
Please distribute this video widely .
If you had any doubt about what was on the flotilla , here is the video .
The French explains that the arms on display were hidden behind sacks of grain .
There appears to be a conscious misinformation campaign afoot .
The people who originally posted this video obviously knew it was false but wanted to mislead viewers .
They succeeded .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Email
0 ratings 0 % found this document useful ( 0 votes ) 1 K views 67 pages
Torture not Treatment : Electric Shock and Long - Term Restraint in the United States on Children and Adults at the Judge Rotenberg Center
Uploaded by Beverly Tran
Description : Urgent Appeal to the United Nations Special Rapporteur on Torture by the Mental Disability Rights International Full description
Not our first pandemic Date Posted : September 24 , 2020 | By : Fernando COVID - 19 has completely changed our way of life , and yet it is not the first global pandemic of our lifetime .
Since the beginning of the HIV / AIDS epidemic , roughly 33 million people have died from HIV / AIDS - related complications .
Throughout the course of our battle against the… Read More
May her memory be a Revolution Date Posted : September 21 , 2020 | By : San Diego Pride Rest in peace .
Rest in power .
These are the words that may have been immediately called to mind upon hearing of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg ’s death on Friday , September 18th .
However , in Jewish tradition – in Ruth Bader Ginsburg ’s tradition – the offering of …
Read More
FAKE NEWS Date Posted : September 17 , 2020 | By : Fernando
Over the last week here in California there has been a resurgence of tired accusations around our community blanketly marking us as predators and pedophiles .
Media outlets and anti-LGBTQ politicians have been willfully spreading lies and misinformation about members of our community without taking …
Read More
Love for Christopher Date Posted : September 10 , 2020 | By : Fernando
Like many in our community , I am feeling the loss of Pride Family member and friend Christopher Sheehan .
While I got to know Christopher through Pride , he was someone who volunteered for so many of our local organizations like Diversionary Theatre , Gay for Good , … Read More
Honoring our Volunteers Date Posted : September 3 , 2020 | By : Fernando Every August , after the massive Pride celebration , we throw a party for the people who make Pride week and our year - round programs possible – our volunteers .
We ’ve seen incredible growth in the last couple of years and in 2019 nearly 800 Pride Family volunteers …
Read More
LGBTQ + Youth Leadership Date Posted : August 27 , 2020 | By : Fernando
It ’s back - to - school time , at least in a way that 2020 is letting us have a back - to - school time .
Guardians , educators , and students are each doing their best to adapt to the COVID - 19 pandemic , navigate the digital divide , attempting to create and engage in an educational …
Read More
Subscribe now and keep up to date with new posts !
Stay Up - To - Date with New Posts Enter your email here First Name Last Name Subscribe Now Thanks for submitting !
Researchers from Brighton ( England ) , Cambridge ( England ) and Kuwait have demonstrated that thyroid cancer risk increases as the number of dental x-rays taken grows .
The researchers report that the incidence rates of thyroid cancer have doubled from 1.4 per 100,000 in 1975 to 2.9 per 100,000 in 2006 in the UK .
They stress that several factors are probably involved in the thyroid cancer increase , and that sensitive diagnostic techniques should not be considered to account for all of it .
Further research is needed .
The research team was led by Dr Anjum Memon , senior lecturer and consultant in public health medicine at Brighton and Sussex Medical School ( England ) , a partnership between Brighton and Sussex universities , and NHS ( National Health Service ) Brighton and Hove ( England ) .
This study has been published in the medical journal Acta Oncologica .
The thyroid gland , which is located in the neck , is exposed to radiation from many dental x-rays .
This gland is sensitive to ionizing radiation , especially in children .
The researchers inform that dental radiography , a source of low - dose diagnostic radiation , is frequently ignored as a potential risk to the thyroid gland .
The scientists studied 313 patients in Kuwait , they all had thyroid cancer .
In Kuwait dental treatment is free .
Compared to other countries , such as the UK , the incidence of thyroid cancer in Kuwait is high .
They said the results of their study , although the largest case - control study on the subject , “ should be treated with caution because the data were necessarily based on self - reporting by the participants .
Comprehensive historical dental x-ray records were not available from the clinics . ”
The researchers believe their study provides good evidence to warrant further research in settings where historical dental x-ray records are available and where radiation doses can be estimated .
Dr Memon said the findings were compatible with earlier reports of raised risk of thyroid cancer in dentists , dental assistants , and x-ray workers , suggesting that multiple low - dose exposures in adults may also be significant .
He said dental x-rays have also been linked to an increased risk of brain and salivary gland tumors .
Dr Memon wrote :
The public health and clinical implications of these findings are particularly relevant in the light of increases in the incidence of thyroid cancer in many countries over the past 30 years .
It is important that our study is repeated with information from dental records including frequency of x-rays , age and dose at exposure .
If the results are confirmed then the use of x-rays as a necessary part of evaluation for new patients , and routine periodic dental radiography ( at 6 - 12 months interval ) , particularly for children and adolescents , will need to be reconsidered , as will a greater use of lead collar protection .
Our study highlights the concern that like chest ( or other upper - body ) x-rays , dental x-rays should be prescribed when the patient has a specific clinical need , and not as part of routine check - up or when registering with a dentist .
( conclusion )
The notion that low - dose radiation exposure through dental radiography is absolutely safe needs to be investigated further , as although the individual risk , particularly with modern equipment is likely to be very low , the proportion of the population exposed is high .
“ Dental x-rays and the risk of thyroid cancer : A case - control study ”
Anjum Memon , Sara Godward , Dillwyn Williams , Iqbal Siddique & Khalid Al - Saleh
Acta Oncologica May 2010 , Vol. 49 , No. 4 , Pages 447-453
Written by Christian Nordqvist
Arizona Mom Arrested After Telling Cops She Was Leaving Kids to Be a Stripper Police officers arrested woman after she said she did n't want her children
June 15 , 2010  --
An Arizona mom was arrested as she packed up for a future as a California stripper because she intended to leave her two young children behind , police said today .
And when her 11 - year - old son tried to hug her before their separation , she made a fist and punched him in the stomach , according to police reports .
That 's when the cops arrested her .
Police in Surprise , Ariz. , were called to the house by Christina Muniz 's 11 - year - old son at 9 a.m. on June 11 .
He said his mother was leaving him behind along with his 6 - year - old brother .
" The boy stated his mom is in the house packing with her boyfriend , and that she is going to California without them , " Sgt. Mark Ortega , of the Surprise police department told ABC News .
" When he ( the child ) told her not to go , she said she was going to beat him .
This is the call coming in from the child , " Ortega said .
Police said the woman , 29 , was abandoning her two boys because she said she was sick of them , and wanted to finally be able to pursue her dream of becoming a stripper .
When police arrived they were met by the 11 - year - old , and they said that Muniz came out of their apartment allegedly laughing at her son , exclaiming she could n't believe he called the police on her .
" She said she was tired of having the kids , she needed a break and did n't want them .
She told the officer on the scene , Officer Robert Burtrum , ' Do what you need to do to get them out of here , ' " Ortega said .
Muniz allegedly told the officer she needed to go out and play without them , he wrote in his report .
The officer took the 11 - year - old a short distance away from Muniz to speak to him in private and the full scale of the alleged emotional abuse he and his brother were dealing with became clear , Ortega said .
" Burtrum asked Muniz if he could speak to the boys alone , and she told him it was fine and to take them when he was done , " Ortega said .
" The boy told the officer that she was always telling him things like that , that she did n't want him , that he was ugly , that he had buckteeth and that she just wanted him to leave , " Ortega said .
According to Ortega , when Burtrum asked the boy if he believed his mother would leave him like that , the boy told him yes .
Child Tells Police Mother Only Cares About ' Drinking Wine '
" He said all she cares about is her boyfriend and drinking wine , " Ortega said .
Ortega said after Burtrum spoke to the boy in private , he found Muniz sitting at her dining room table drinking what he believed to be wine .
" She said it was the only way to cope with the kids , " Ortega said .
The boy led the officer to his room , where Burtrum described in his report as finding the boy 's bed covered in two feet of laundry .
The 11 - year - old allegedly told Burtrum he had no where to put the clothing and either slept on the floor or upstairs in his mother 's room .
When Burtrum went to inspect Muniz 's room , he said he found a pipe with marijuana residue in it , the police report stated .
" The boy told Burtrum that she was always leaving them alone , that she was always mean and never cooked for them or helped them .
He said she goes out at night and the next morning a different guy will leave the house , " Ortega said .
When they returned downstairs , Burtrum said in his report he found Muniz asleep on her couch .
" The 11 - year - old tried to wake her , and she yelled ' what the f do you want , I never want to see you again , ' " Ortega said .
Child protective services arrived at the house and the 11 - year - old told them he and his brother wanted to go stay with their father in Phoenix .
The CPS presented Muniz with a temporary custody notice placing the children with the father , which she agreed to , Ortega said .
Police Say Muniz Punched Son As he Tried to Hug Her Goodbye
" When she saw the temporary custody notice , she looked at the 11 - year - old and told him she never wanted to see him again , to never call her and that she would hopefully be in California , " Ortega said .
Despite that , as the CPS started to take the children away , the 11 - year - old tried to hug his mother goodbye .
" Christina made a fist with her right hand and she punched him in the stomach , " Ortega said .
At that point police arrested her and charged her with possesing drug paraphernalia , disorderly conduct , and child neglect .
" She never showed any concern for the boys or remorse , " Ortega said Burtrum wrote in his report .
" During her processing she said she smoked marijuana all the time , and that she was happy .
She said she thought her boyfriend would now get a place with her and she could finally pursue her lifelong dream of being a stripper and making a lot of money , " Ortega said .
" This is absolutely the worst I 've ever heard of .
We 've removed a lot of children from parents , we have to sometimes , " Ortega said .
" To see somebody so readily wanting to be so abusive , and to the very end the boy was looking for affection .
To think he 's endured this for his whole life , I hope he gets some normality somewhere , " Ortega said .
Muniz appeared in court Monday , and according to police told the judge it was " all a big misunderstanding , " and she denied she ever punched her son .
She is being held on $ 20,000 bond and could not be reached for comment .
Update ( 07.07.10 ) : The function in this post has a more mature version in the “ arm ” package .
See at the end of this post for more details .
* * * *
Imagine you want to give a presentation or report of your latest findings running some sort of regression analysis .
How would you do it ?
This was exactly the question Wincent Rong - gui HUANG has recently asked on the R mailing list .
One person , Bernd Weiss , responded by linking to the chapter “ Plotting Regression Coefficients ” on an interesting online book ( I have never heard of before ) called “ Using Graphs Instead of Tables ” ( I should add this link to the free statistics e-books list … )
Letter in the conversation , Achim Zeileis , has surprised us ( well , me ) saying the following
I ’ve thought about adding a plot ( ) method for the coeftest ( ) function in the “ lmtest ” package .
Essentially , it relies on a coef ( ) and a vcov( ) method being available – and that a central limit theorem holds .
For releasing it as a general function in the package the code is still too raw , but maybe it ’s useful for someone on the list .
Hence , I ’ve included it below .
( I allowed myself to add some bolds in the text )
So for the convenience of all of us , I uploaded Achim ’s code in a file for easy access .
Here is an example of how to use it :
A group of liberal journalists in 2008 sought to sweep under the rug the Rev. Jeremiah Wright scandal that threatened to derail then - Sen .
Barack Obama 's presidential campaign , according to documents obtained by The Daily Caller , an online publication founded by Tucker Carlson , a conservative contributor for Fox News .
The documents offer evidence to conservative critics who have long held that the mainstream media were in the tank for Obama , and bolsters the argument that reporters with major news outlets are biased in their coverage .
Journalists working for Time , Politico , the Huffington Post , the Baltimore Sun , the Guardian , Salon and the New Republic expressed outrage over the tough questioning Obama received from ABC anchors Charlie Gibson and George Stephanopoulos at a debate and some of them plotted to protect Obama from the swirling controversy , according to the Daily Caller .
Spencer Ackerman of the Washington Independent pressed his fellow journalists to deflect attention from Obama 's relationship with Wright by shifting topics to one of Obama 's conservative critics , the Daily Caller reported .
" Fred Barnes , Karl Rove , who cares – and call them racists , " Ackerman wrote .
Michael Tomasky , a writer for the Guardian , urged his fellow members of Journolist , a private listserv comprised of several hundred liberal journalists , to do " what we can to kill ABC and this idiocy in whatever venues we have . "
" This is n't about defending Obama , " he wrote .
" This is about how the [ mainstream media ] kills any chance of discourse that actually serves the people . "
The Journolist members went as far as issuing a statement – one that was shaped with the help of Jared Bernstein who went on to become Vice President Biden 's top economist -- calling the debate " a revolting descent into tabloid journalism and a gross disservice to Americans concerned about the great issues facing the nation and the world . "
Journolist was shut down last month after leaks exposing member Dave Wiegel 's scornful remarks of conservatives led to his resignation at the Washington Post as a blogger covering the conservative movement .
Click here to read the full article .
Imagine if every time you switched on the lights , Rorschachian patterns started dancing on the wall , gently chiding you for using energy .
Would you be more vigilant about flipping off the lights ?
That ’s the hope of Celine Marcq , a textiles designer at Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design , in London .
Her master ’s thesis , Inconspicuous Matter , is wallpaper she describes as “ ambient displays ” that can visualize electrical energy usage .
Turn on your floor lamp , and the wall springs to life — a playful , if stylized , entreat to mind your carbon footprint .
By his own admission , Greg Abel is going through some sort of crisis , of the midlife variety .
Until about a year ago , the 46 - year - old from Austin , Texas , says he was just like any other mild - mannered family man he knew , with two kids , a mortgage and a 9 - to - 5 job in tech management .
But with a Ph.D. in microbiology , he always assumed he 'd eventually ...
What Other 's Are Reading Right Now :
3 pages
September 17 , 2016
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 09/17/2016 01:55 AM
in Weird News
Read more
Hungry ?
Well , then you 'll be glad to hear that Google and Chipotle have teamed up with Virginia Tech to begin testing the possibility of delivering burritos by drone .
Merica !
May 11 , 2015
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/11/2015 02:07 AM
in Motorcycles
Read more
The Nitro Circus USA
Tour kicked off with a bang Friday night in Jacksonville where R Willy finally landed the world 's first triple backflip on a scooter after attempting it at every show for the past two years .
May 10 , 2015
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/10/2015 12:05 PM
in Everything Else
Read more
A chimpanzee at the Royal Burgers ' Zoo in the Netherlands uses a large stick to swat a pesky drone out of the sky .
Pretty hilarious
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/10/2015 02:57 PM
in Automotive
That is all .
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/10/2015 02:32 PM
in Water
Read more
Up and coming wakeboarder Guy Tanaka is the latest and youngest athlete in Singapore to join the Red Bull family .
In short , the dude rips , and he 's only just getting started .
Get behind the boat and take an inside look at the next big wakeboard talent to come out of Singapore .
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/10/2015 02:29 PM
in Automotive
Read more
It comes as no surprise to anyone reading it that as a general rule Americans like American cars and people in England like cars from England .
That ’s not to say that we do n’t love all cars but this guy tells you what it ’s like to own a California Mustang in the UK .
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/10/2015 02:21 PM
in Automotive
Read more
1:16 for the flames .
Guy drives it like a Mustang owner .
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/10/2015 02:18 PM
in Automotive
Read more
And here ’s why you do n’t turn sharp over speed bumps .
Of course , if this was GTA the car would have completely rolled over , landing on its wheels and just drive away .
May 5 , 2015
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/05/2015 03:38 AM
in Land , Automotive
Watch as this little guy , who obviously had a long day , falls asleep at the wheel of his electric toy car .
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/05/2015 02:46 AM
in Air
Read more
You guessed it ; another thing you will never see me do – the helicopter skydive !
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/05/2015 02:44 AM
in Land , Water , Automotive
Read more
Always interested to see vehicles doing what they are n’t supposed to .
In this case we have an off - road vehicle hydroplaning 1,001 feet .
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/05/2015 02:41 AM
in Land , Automotive
Read more
I know 2 guys … 2 … who do n’t like cars so it always amazes me .
So what happens when a car guy and non-car guy visit Mercedes - Benz World for some off - roading action ?
Let 's watch .
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/05/2015 02:38 AM
in Air
Read more
Here ’s another one of those things I can watch but never do .
Extreme bungy jumping .
Check this out !
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/05/2015 02:36 AM
in Water
Read more
After over a 100 years of evolution in race boat design , the modern Unlimited Hydroplane is the worlds fastest race boat , capable of speeds over 200 mph and powered by a 3000 horsepower Lycorning T - 55 L - 7 military Chinook helicopter turbine engine .
Welcome to H1 Unlimited .
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/05/2015 02:35 AM
in Water
Read more
I can’t figure this one out .
I ’ve jet skied for many years and can’t figure out why this guy was just feet from shore in inches of water ( where sand and rocks get sucked into the impellers ) but my guess is that this jet ski was a rental and add in an inexperienced driver .
Anyway , you decide :
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/05/2015 02:31 AM
in Water
Read more
You can pay to go to a water park or better yet , check this out .
May 4 , 2015
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/04/2015 12:33 PM
in Automotive
Read more
I love a good burnout .
I hate to get my ride dirty or ruin a perfectly good set of tires so luckily there ’s always someone else we can watch doing it .
FWIW , I do n’t get the coal thing .
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/04/2015 12:27 PM
in Automotive
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/04/2015 10:56 AM
in Air
Read more
Ever wonder how one would repair something like a finger on a massive statue like Christ the Redeemer in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ?
Here ’s how .
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/04/2015 02:13 AM
in Automotive
Read more
This guy attended the 2015 Cars & Coffee Italy event which was held in Brescia , Italy and took this video of 180 supercars accelerating .
I liked the guy ’s reaction sitting on the motorcycle at 2:30 .
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/04/2015 02:10 AM
in Air , Water
Read more
The world 's top cliff divers took to the 27 meter platform in Cartagena for the first stop of the Red Bull Cliff Diving World Series 2015 .
The crowd was roaring for local hero Orlando Duque , who gave an impressive performance resulting in a 3rd place spot on the podium .
But ultimately , it'd be the 2014 champion , Gary Hunt , who'd take home the overall win for the first stop of the tour .
Take a look back at the best moments from Cartagena !
Posted by : Timothy Tibbetts on : 05/04/2015 02:07 AM
in Air
3 pages
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 May 15
The Elusive Jellyfish Nebula
Image Credit & Copyright : Bob Franke
Explanation : Normally faint and elusive , the Jellyfish Nebula is caught in this alluring , false - color , telescopic view .
Flanked by two bright stars , Mu and Eta Geminorum , at the foot of a celestial twin , the Jellyfish Nebula is the brighter arcing ridge of emission with dangling tentacles below and right of center .
In fact , the cosmic jellyfish is seen to be part of bubble - shaped supernova remnant IC 443 , the expanding debris cloud from a massive star that exploded .
Light from the explosion first reached planet Earth over 30,000 years ago .
Like its cousin in astrophysical waters the Crab Nebula supernova remnant , IC 443 is known to harbor a neutron star , the remnant of the collapsed stellar core .
Emission nebula Sharpless 249 fills the field at the upper left .
The Jellyfish Nebula is about 5,000 light - years away .
At that distance , this image would be about 300 light - years across .
The color scheme used in the narrowband composite was made popular in Hubble Space Telescope images , mapping emission from oxygen , hydrogen , and sulfur atoms to blue , green and red colors .
A robotic exoskeleton that makes it easier for soldiers to run and carry heavy weights is to go through final testing in the US .
The HULC ( Human Universal Load Carrier ) allows soldiers to carry weights of up to 200lbs ( 91kg ) with little effort and is designed to reduce the strain of carrying heavy equipment .
It works by transferring the load to the ground through the exoskeleton 's titanium legs and uses an onboard computer to sense and mimic the user 's movements .
The battery powered device , which can fit different body sizes , also allow for jumps , squats , crawling and slow - speed running .
" It does not impede your range of motion whatsoever , " says HULC project manager Jim Ni .
" Just imagine you 're a soldier operating at 6,000 ft in the Afghan mountains and being asked to take 120 lbs up there in the thin air .
" An exoskeleton allows you to carry that weight the same distance and have energy left to execute the mission when you get there . "
Although the HULC weighs 53lbs ( 24kg ) , its makers say it also transfers its own weight to the ground , making it virtually unnoticeable .
Lockheed Martin , which makes the device , has reworked an earlier prototype and produced a new " ruggedized design " that will begin an eight week lab test at the end of 2010 .
The testing will look at how quickly people learn to operate the system and measure the energy a soldier uses when using the HULC .
" The tests will help us assess the current state of the technology , " said David Audet , from the US Army 's Natick Soldier Research Center .
" Exoskeletons have the potential to reduce stress on the body from heavy loads . "
After the lab tests , the HULC is likely to go through more field tests in ' real - life ' military scenarios during 2011 .
NEW YORK --
The ranking Republican on the House Homeland Security Committee said Monday he favors an investigation into the funding of a proposed mosque near ground zero .
In an interview with The Associated Press , Rep. Peter King raised concerns about the sources of funding for the proposed $ 100 million mosque , just blocks away from the site of the Sept. 11 attacks , where nearly 3,000 Americans died at the hands of Islamic terrorists .
" It 's a house of worship , but we are at war with al - Qaida , " King told the AP .
" I think the 9/11 families have a right to know where the funding comes from ; I think there are significant questions . "
The mosque is a project of the American Society for Muslim Advancement and the Cordoba Institute , which promotes cross-cultural understanding between Islam and the West .
Cordoba 's director , Imam Faisel Abdul Rauf , has refused to disclose the sources of funding for the mosque and once suggested in a television interview that U.S. policies contributed to the 9/11 attacks .
King 's views differ sharply from those of New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , who said Monday it would be un-American to investigate the mosque .
Bloomberg , a Republican - turned - independent , has backed the mosque since the project came under development , as do numerous other community and political leaders including Attorney General Andrew Cuomo , the Democratic nominee for governor .
King is a supporter of Republican Rick Lazio 's campaign for governor .
Lazio opposes the mosque and has called on Cuomo to look into its funding .
Lazio was scheduled to testify Tuesday on the mosque at a hearing of the New York City Landmarks Commission .
Cuomo has said he would investigate the mosque if there is evidence of wrongdoing or criminal behavior but that no such evidence has been put forth .
Even though a mosque is supposed to be a religious setting , ground zero may not be an appropriate spot for this or any proposed mosque , King said .
" Right at this moment in history , it 's bad form to put it there , " he said .
" There are things you are allowed to do , but that are n't appropriate to do . "
The Gulf oil spill and the case for socialism
8 June 2010
The ongoing disaster in the Gulf of Mexico and the US government ’s complicity and impotence in relation to energy giant BP reveal in the most striking manner the irrationality and socially destructive character of the capitalist system .
Even as the world reels from the consequences of the financial crisis and the spread of Wall Street ’s toxic assets , the same mad drive for profit , this time by the multinational oil conglomerates , has produced an ever - spreading toxic mix of crude oil and chemical dispersants in the Gulf that threatens to go up the eastern seaboard and travel as far as Europe .
Scientists are only beginning to calculate the long - term consequences of the catastrophe , which is ruining precious wetlands and beaches , threatening entire species with extinction and destroying the livelihoods of hundreds of thousands of workers in fishing , tourism and other industries .
Seven weeks after the explosion on the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig which killed 11 workers and set the catastrophe into motion , and after repeated failures to stem the torrent of oil leaking from the seafloor , BP and Obama administration officials claim a new containment cap is having success .
One can only hope the gusher is contained as soon as possible , but the record of BP and the government suggests that nothing they tell the public should be accepted at face value .
On the contrary , from the beginning the overriding concern of BP executives and the White House has been to conceal from the public the extent of the disaster and protect the revenue and profits of the corporation .
Last week , the Interior Department ’s Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) — which was complicit in ignoring the safety and environmental violations prior to the blast — deliberately distorted the findings of the scientific team commissioned to estimate how much oil was leaking into the Gulf .
In a press release , the government claimed the estimated range was between 12,000 and 19,000 barrels per day , even though scientists had concluded that “ at least ” 12,000 to 25,000 barrels per day were being released in what they called the “ lower bounds ” of their estimate .
The maximum figure still needed to be determined , the scientists said , and it could very well be “ significantly larger ” than 25,000 barrels per day ( See “ BP and White House continue cover - up of oil spill ” ) .
The Obama administration has consistently downplayed the extent of the spill not just to cover up for BP and its own responsibility .
Most fundamentally , in the aftermath of the devastating economic meltdown caused by the financial speculators and other events such as the death of 29 coal miners in the April 5 explosion at the Upper Big Branch mine in West Virginia , the White House senses a growing anti-corporate and anti-capitalist sentiment that it is determined to deflect .
During the weekend news shows , the point man for the administration ’s response to the oil spill , Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen , again downplayed the extent of the disaster , claiming that after a “ final fix ” was implemented in August with the completion of a relief well , “ there will be oil out there for months to come .
This will be well into the fall . ”
Allen was later forced to backtrack from his ridiculous claim during a White House briefing Monday , admitting , “ I agree with you , long - term issues of restoring the environment and the habitats and stuff will be years . ”
As oil and dead animals washed up over 140 miles of spoiled coastline , Obama also downplayed the scope of the catastrophe , saying , “ This is a resilient ecosystem ” and there are “ resilient people ” in the Gulf .
“ I had a chance to talk to them , and they ’ve gone through all kinds of stuff over the last 50 , 100 years .
They ’re going to bounce back . ”
The president ’s complacency and indifference is not simply a personal trait .
It reflects the hostility and contempt that the political representatives of big business have for the masses of working people who are the victims of the profit system .
The well - paid politicians , journalists and academics have long defended capitalism by claiming that the “ market ” is the most efficient and rational means of organizing the economy and allocating society ’s resources .
But the BP disaster has revealed to the world the terrible consequences of the anarchy and unplanned character of capitalism , and its subordination of human life to private profit .
Like his Republican predecessor in the White House , Obama identifies not with the plight of the victims of this disaster but with the corporate criminals responsible for it .
Less than three weeks before the Deepwater Horizon explosion , Obama promoted his plan for the expansion of offshore drilling , telling a North Carolina audience , “ oil rigs today generally do n’t cause spills .
They are technologically very advanced . ”
In fact BP and other oil corporations were totally unprepared for what BP CEO Tony Hayward called “ low - probability risk ” of a leak one mile below the surface of the ocean .
Like the Wall Street banks , the Big Oil companies are not driven by long - term and socially necessary considerations — including preserving the planet .
Their overriding concern is ensuring the largest and quickest quarterly results and returns for their shareholders .
How else can one explain the haste with which BP sought to wrap up operations on the Deepwater Horizon — ignoring and covering up the warnings of an impending disaster — and move on to the next multi-billion dollar drilling site .
Even in the midst of the disaster a central focus of the company has been to keep its stock value from falling .
BP ’s share price actually rose 2.7 per cent on Monday morning , reportedly in response to statements by its Chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg late last week that the company executives “ fully understand the importance of our dividend to our shareholders . ”
The most logical and necessary response would be to requisition the dividends and all of the productive and financial resources of BP — which made a $ 17 billion profit last year — to effectively deal with the consequences of the spill and compensate those being devastated by it .
However , the Obama administration has steadfastly defended the private property and profits of BP , presenting these as sacrosanct and inviolable .
In the White House press conference Monday , Admiral Allen said the government had to “ work in parallel , in a cooperative manner ” with BP to “ get things done , because they own the means of access ” to the underwater drill site .
This was a variation on his comments on May 24 , when he said that the government could not push BP aside because the company “ owned the means of production . ”
The question is why should a gigantic corporation — whose single - minded goal of augmenting the personal wealth of top executives and big shareholders has produced such a catastrophe — be allowed to maintain control of the means of production ?
Moreover , why should vast natural resources , such as petroleum and natural gas , “ belong ” to any private corporation ?
Instead , the assets of BP should be commandeered in the interests of society as a whole and utilized to address this emergency .
But the nationalization of the oil industry , no less than the nationalization of the banks , will not be carried out by a government — whether led by the Democrats or Republicans — which is owned lock , stock and barrel by the corporations themselves .
The transformation of the energy conglomerates into publicly owned utilities and the establishment of a democratically , planned socialist economy , can only be achieved if the working class takes political power in its own hands .
Jerry White
Jerry White
In recent years , he 's successfully moved into more mainstream , if indubitably classy , fare but David Cronenberg 's latest project looks like a return to the peculiar world of The Fly or Crash .
The Canadian filmmaker is planning a big - screen adaptation of Jonathan Lethem 's 1997 novel As She Climbed Across the Table , the tale of a man who loses the love of his life to a shapeless void .
According to the Pajiba blog , Cronenberg is attached to direct , though there are as yet no casting details .
Lethem 's novel features two main characters : Philip , a man who is obsessed with a woman , and Alice ( the woman ) , a physicist who is obsessed with a hole , or doorway to nothingness , which she has created in the laboratory where they both work .
According to the website , the film is aiming for an Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind feel .
Lethem 's other novels include The Fortress of Solitude and Motherless Brooklyn , which won the National Book Critics Circle award .
Cronenberg himself is currently working on the drama A Dangerous Method , about the friendship and rivalry between Sigmund Freud and Carl Jung .
He is also tipped to remake his own Oscar - winning horror movie The Fly , from 1986 , as well as a sequel to Eastern Promises , his 2007 thriller about Russian gangsters in London .
As if those were not enough , Cronenberg also has adaptations of Martin Amis 's London Fields and Don DeLillo 's Cosmopolis in the works .
ST .
LOUIS -- Brewers pitcher Yovani Gallardo experienced a roller coaster of emotions .
Prior to starting against the St. Louis Cardinals on Sunday , Gallardo was told he'd made his first All - Star team .
Then the 24 - year - old right - hander strained a left side muscle in the third inning of a 7 - 1 loss , and now he is n't sure when he 'll pitch again .
Gallardo clutched his back after an 0 - 2 curveball to Tyler Greene .
He walked off the field with a member of the training staff and said afterward that the area was still sore .
Gallardo lasted 2 2/3 innings , his shortest of the season .
He gave up six runs but only one was earned .
" After I threw that pitch , it just kind of tightened up on me , " he said .
" It feels the same now , so we 'll see . "
He 'll be evaluated by team physician Dr. William Raasch on Monday in Milwaukee .
" It 's not a good feeling when you 're walking to the mound and your best guy has a problem , " Macha said .
" We 'll have a better assessment tomorrow . "
Gallardo is 8 - 4 with a 2.58 ERA .
He remained optimistic , although he realized the injury might cost him an appearance in the All - Star game .
" Obviously , it could , " he said .
" Hopefully , it 's not that bad .
It 's still going to be very exciting to have that opportunity to be there . "
The Cardinals had scored five runs for a 6 - 0 lead , taking advantage of consecutive fielding errors by shortstop Alcides Escobar , with all the runs unearned .
Gallardo was the second Brewers player to leave the game in the third .
Leadoff man Rickie Weeks was ejected for arguing a called third strike to end the top half .
Liverpool have announced the ticket prices for next season , with an increase of 7 % hitting supporters who are already incensed with the club 's American owners .
Part of the rise is due to the return of VAT to 17.5 % from its temporary level of 15 % introduced by the government during the recession , but most of the extra cash will go to the club .
There had been fears the new ticket prices would be higher as the announcement was late but even so an increase is not going to be well - received with the team finishing seventh in the league and missing out on Champions League football .
Supporters will also argue that an increase could have been avoided altogether if the co-owners , Tom Hicks and George Gillett , had not loaded the club with debts of £ 350 m .
Kop seats will be £ 680 online ( £ 732 at window ) , with the Main Stand , Paddock and Centenary Stands £ 732 online ( £ 785 at window ) and the Anfield Road end , £ 722 ( £ 774 at window ) , according to the club 's official website .
The long - awaited details came as a new report showed Liverpool are the third highest paying club for player wages in the Premier League , up 18 % in 2008 - 09 , according to the Liverpool Echo .
The season ticket prices are understood to be based on purchases being made before 25 June .
Liverpool are currently looking for a new manager after Rafael Benítez left the club by mutual consent .
Roy Hodgson appears to be the frontrunner but there have been no confirmation of talks between Liverpool and his club Fulham or the manager himself .
FIFA have option to lengthen ban ...
Ourprovides the best breaking news online and ourfootball fan community is unmatched worldwide .
Never miss a thing again !
FIFA have admitted Uruguay 's Luis Suarez could potentially miss the rest of World Cup 2010 after receiving a red card for his handball against Ghana in the quarter - finals .
The striker received his marching orders for saving a goalbound - header on the line in extra-time , with Asamoah Gyan missing the resulting penalty .
Uruguay then progressed to the semi-finals after winning the following shoot - out 5 - 3 , eliminating the last remaining African nation at this year 's tournament .
Suarez will serve an automatic one - match ban , ruling him out of the semi-final with Holland .
Although FIFA 's disciplinary committee will discuss whether his suspension should be extended further on the grounds of unsportsmanlike behaviour , which could jeopardise his involvement in either the final or the third - place play - off .
FIFA spokesman Pekka Odriozola told a press conference : " For automatic red cards there is an automatic one - match suspension .
The disciplinary committee also opens a case and they will be looking at that incident and taking a decision .
"
FIFA 's disciplinary code gives the committee the option of a longer ban for " unsportsmanlike conduct " .
His action is also contrary to FIFA 's fair play code which states : " Winning is without value if victory has been achieved unfairly or dishonestly .
Cheating is easy , but brings no pleasure " .
No trip to South Africa is complete without a visit to its most beautiful and sunniest city .
Durban offers much more than sandy beaches , safaris , casinos and the World Cup , for information on what to do and see , please click here
TMZ has confirmed ... Mel Gibson is caught on tape , screaming at his baby mama Oksana Grigorieva , " You look like a f*king pig in heat and if you get raped by a pack of ni**ers it will be your fault . "
The tapes were secretly recorded by Oksana in the midst of their nuclear breakup and custody battle .
We 've also confirmed Mel is heard on tape calling Oksana a " whore " and a " c **t . "
The tapes have been submitted to the judge in their custody battle and are under seal .
Sources say the tapes were recorded prior to May , when Mel and Oksana reached a custody agreement with a mediator .
And TMZ has learned ...
Mel sent Oksana a number of incendiary emails that she kept .
TMZ broke the story in 2006 when Mel went nuts on a cop after being busted for DUI , saying , " F**king Jews ...
The Jews are responsible for all the wars in the world . "
Duke University researchers have devised a method to dry and preserve proteins in a glassified form that seems to retain the molecules ' properties as workhorses of biology .
They are exploring whether their glassification technique could bring about protein - based drugs that are cheaper to make and easier to deliver than current techniques which render proteins into freeze dried powders to preserve them .
Duke engineer and chemist David Needham describes this glassification process as " molecular water surgery " because it removes virtually all the water from around a dissolved protein by almost magically pulling the water into a second solvent .
" It 's like a sponge sucking water off a counter , " said Needham , a professor of mechanical engineering and materials science at Duke 's Pratt School of Engineering , who has formed a company called Biogyali ( " gyali " means glass in Greek ) to develop the innovation .
That firm has also applied to patent the idea of turning proteins into tiny glass beads at room temperature for drug delivery systems .
A report by Needham , graduate student Deborah Rickard and former graduate student P. Brent Duncan online in the Biophysical Journal describes how his team carefully controlled water removal during glassification by releasing single tiny droplets of water - dissolved protein into the organic solvent decanol with a micropipette .
Preliminary evaluations by his senior scientist David Gaul and a team of undergraduate students showed that four test proteins undergoing such procedures retained all or most of their original activity when water was restored .
His group has received about $ 1 million from the National Institutes of Health grants for the research .
advertisement
Having devised a way to turn proteins into glassy microbeads measuring only about 26 millionths of a meter in diameter , Needham hopes those can be directly injected into the body for use as " biologic " drugs .
His group 's early research shows high concentrations of such tiny beadlets would not be as viscous as proteins dehydrated into the normal powder form , which tend to clog up syringes , he said .
These microbeads might also be packaged for slow time - release by surrounding them with a polymer that would biodegrade over time , though how to do that has not been resolved yet , he added .
In collaborations with Duke 's Brain Tumor Center and Comprehensive Cancer Center , the researchers are seeking additional funding to do initial evaluations on glassified forms of three molecules with drug potential .
One , known as O6 - AMBG , can help the cancer drug Temozolomide work better when infused into brain tumors .
A second , Lapatinib , is designed to knock out other molecules that help cancer cells grow in the breast and elsewhere .
The third , shepherdin , also targets breast cancers .
advertisement
Their discovery of protein glassification grew out of a basic exploration of a general question :
What can dissolve in what ?
Needham 's research group found , for example , that air and the organic liquid chloroform will both dissolve in water at about the same rate .
It also found that water will dissolve in decanol , a substance it cannot even mix with in large quantities .
These experiments , and the theory underlying them , are described in a second report led by Needhams 's graduate student Jonathan Su , now published online in the Journal of Chemical Physics ( http://link.aip.org/link/?JCP/132/044506 ) .
" Mixing " and " dissolving " are not the same thing , Needham said .
" A good example of a suspended mixture is salad dressing , where oil and water are mixed but oil does not appreciably dissolve in water , nor water in oil . "
They next tried a more complex variation of a familiar high school experiment which dissolves so much salt in water that some begins coming back out of the solution as a crystal .
In this case , after dissolving the salt in water , Needham 's group then inserted a microbubble of that solution into immiscible decanol in a microscopic chamber .
The water itself then dissolved into the decanol and left behind the salt , which also crystallized .
According to his group 's Biophysical Journal report , while decanol has practically no tendency to dissolve in water , water has a high probability of dissolving in decanol , allowing the latter to be used as a " drying " agent to remove the former .
" So then we asked : what if we did the same thing with the protein albumin ? " Needham said .
" I expected to maybe get crystallized albumin , " Needham recalled .
" But , in just a few minutes , we instead formed a glassified microbead of protein on the tip of a micropipette , at a high density just a bit more dense than water itself .
That protein glass is not a crystal .
It 's really a solid liquid . "
Many proteins can be coaxed into forming crystals , solids created by repeating three dimensional patterns of atoms as surrounding water is removed .
On the other hand , Needham said he was not really surprised that his protein samples instead formed into glasses , which are more unorganized assemblage of molecules that can still " flow " over very long time scales .
The water loss in his process is apparently too rapid for the molecules of big and irregular proteins to reorganize into a crystal form in such a short time , he explained .
Careful studies by his graduate student Rickard found that the decanol removed all the water that is not bound up in the proteins ' molecular structures .
And the remaining " bound " water was insufficient to support the growth of bacteria and fungi .
Storing proteins as microbeads could thus preserve them .
Proteins are currently dried into clumpy , irregular powders by several industrial processes -- usually freeze - drying -- to protect them from such microbe damage .
Drying also avoids the chemical breakdowns that can also occur when proteins are kept in solution .
" But in the freeze - drying process itself , some very sensitive biologic drugs can also get damaged , " Needham said .
Freeze - drying proteins into solids is also slower and more expensive than glassifying them , he added .
And the resulting " flaky " powder is harder to handle than glassified beads .
Glassification " is a fast process , " said Gaul , a senior research scientist in Needham 's lab .
Unlike freeze - drying , " we can dry particles within minutes , if not seconds , and do n't need any specialized equipment . "
Show full PR text
CAMCORDER REDEFINED : SONY DEBUTS WORLD'S FIRST CONSUMER INTERCHANGEABLE LENS HD CAMCORDER
SAN DIEGO , June 13 , 2010 – Following the 25th anniversary of its industry - leading Handycam® product line , Sony today announced the innovative NEX - VG10 Interchangeable Lens HD Camcorder .
The new NEX - VG10 is the world 's first consumer camcorder with interchangeable lenses and the first Handycam camcorder to feature an extra-large Exmor™ APS HD CMOS sensor .
" The NEX - VG10 takes Sony 's Handycam line to the next level by allowing unprecedented artistic expression that is n't possible with conventional consumer video cameras , " said Andy Bubala , director of Sony 's camcorder business .
" With this camcorder , video enthusiasts and photographers can now capture cinematic full HD movies and premium stereo sound . "
Sony's NEX - VG10 Interchangeable Lens HD Handycam® Camcorder is equipped with the same Exmor™ APS HD CMOS sensor used in the " NEX - 5 " and " NEX - 3 " digital cameras and compatible with the high grade " E- mount " series of smaller , lighter lenses optimized for video shooting with silent operation and AF .
It is also compatible with a wealth of " A - mount " interchangeable lenses used by Sony 's existing α DSLR camera lineup via a mount adapter ( sold separately ) , including award winning Sony G Lenses and Carl Zeiss® branded lenses .
Coupled with Sony 's powerful BIONZ ® processor , the camcorder 's Exmor™ APS HD CMOS sensor realizes high resolution video and 14 megapixel still images .
Approximately 19.5 times bigger than the standard sensor found in conventional camcorders , the APS HD CMOS sensor enables an extremely shallow depth of field .
This allows videographers to achieve cinematic results with stunning background defocus ( bokeh ) .
Users can also enjoy DSLR - quality photo capture with features like Auto HDR , Handheld Twilight , and Anti Motion Blur , as well as catch fast action sequences with a continuous burst rate of up to seven fps .
The NEX - VG10 can capture full 1920x1080 high definition video at up to 24 Mbps for amazing clarity and detail , ideal for recording on to Blu-ray Disc™ media .
It also comes with an E - mount 18 - 200 mm lens optimized for video shooting that offers a powerful 11 x optical zoom in addition to a silent auto - focus system and Optical Steadyshot™ image stabilization with Active Mode for superior versatility .
Satisfying the needs of serious videographers , sound quality matches the stellar imaging performance of the NEX - VG10 .
Its Quad Capsule Spatial Array Stereo Microphone uses advanced processing algorithms to combine signals from four individual microphone capsules .
The result is exceptionally clear stereo audio with high directional response , allowing videographers to capture more sound from their subject and less background noise .
The camcorder also features dedicated inputs for optional external microphones and headphones to monitor sound levels .
The camcorder 's TruBlack™ technology brings remarkably higher contrast and brightness to its 3.0 " Xtra Fine LCD ™ swivel display , delivering more natural , realistic colors and easier viewing in bright conditions .
The LCD is supplemented by a high - resolution adjustable electronic viewfinder that helps framing , monitoring and capturing clear images .
Compact and easy to handle , the NEX - VG10 gives videographers the flexibility of a removable lens with the ergonomics and operability of a Handycam camcorder .
An intuitive jog dial and hotkeys make it easy to navigate menus and adjust shooting parameters , including full manual control of Iris , Shutter Speed , Gain and White Balance for professional results .
Dual accessory shoes ( Alpha Hot Shoe / Universal Cold Shoe ) allow for many still photography and video accessories , such as the ECM - CG50 shotgun microphone and external flash lighting .
There 's also a choice of rechargeable battery options , including the NP - FV100 that provides up to 315 minutes of continuous HD shooting ( may vary ) , and a specially designed soft carrying case .
Included with purchase as a download voucher ( $ 99 value ) , Sony Vegas® Movie Studio HD Platinum 10 video editing software includes powerful tools for video compositing , color correction and sound mixing to produce cinema - quality HD movies with ease .
You can also share your creations via DVD , Blu-ray Disc™ media , or upload to the web – all from one simple program .
The NEX - VG10 accepts both Memory Stick PRO Duo™ ( including Memory Stick PRO - HG Duo™ ) and SD ( including both SDHC and SDXC formats ) media .
Users can record up to four hours of high definition footage ( 1920x1080 , FH mode ) when using the 32 GB memory card .
Sony's Memory Stick PRO -HG
Duo HX offers an industry leading 30 MB per second transfer rate , which means Handycam users can upload video clips in a fraction of actual playback time .
Price and Availability
The NEX - VG10 will be available in September for about $ 2,000 and presales on www.sonystyle.com will begin July 14 .
They will also be available at Sony Style® retail stores and at authorized dealers nationwide .
Unconfirmed : Motorola Droid 2 To Launch August 12 , Special R2 - D2 Edition Possible
With all the chatter surrounding the Motorola Droid 2 as of late , it is n’t surprising the next rumor is an earlier launch date .
Engadget is citing “ a trusted source ” that Verizon will launch the Motorola Droid 2 on August 12 in a soft launch , because the marketing campaign will not be in full swing until August 23 .
We all know how important a strong media campaign is for Verizon and Motorola , who have produced a number of videos for the Droid X .
In addition , the trusted source is claiming Verizon may launch a special edition R2 - D2 Motorola Droid 2 .
If this part of the rumor pans out , a select number of Motorola Droid 2s may feature the lovable R2 - D2 on the back of the device .
To recap , there is a good chance the Motorola Droid 2 will launch August 12 in a soft launch .
The full launch is still expected on August 23 after the media campaign is fully underway .
And for Star Wars enthusiasts , R2 - D2 may make a special appearance on the Droid 2 .
Should any more information break regarding the Droid 2 , we ’ll stay on top of it .
Log Message :
Import LLVM / clang from vendor stripped of docs / test / website / www / examples / in llvm / and / or llvm / contrib / clang / respectively .
Approved by : ed ( mentor )
Approved by : core
Is beauty only skin deep ?
Momma always said , ‘ It ’s what inside that counts ’ .
Insert cliche about ‘ seeing things for what they are ’ here .
Read as deeply as you want .
At the very least , artist Nick Veasey takes stunning X - ray photographs of the mundane , the gigantic , and naturally , of nature .
Below you will find a small collection of his work with information on the man with X - ray vision littered throughout .
Lead jackets are on your left 🙂
IT ALL STARTED …
“ My girlfriend ’s father used to be a lorry driver , ” explains Nick with a mischievous smile .
“ At one time he drove a lorry for a couple of days which contained thousands of cans of Pepsi , one of which had a ring - pull prize worth £ 100,000 .
“ I thought I ’d try a scam .
I decided to hire an x-ray machine from a local hospital to find the winning can .
I never did find it , but it sparked off the ideas for the career I have today . ”
“ Most of the images that bombard us all are aspirational .
I want to be sexy , cool , thin , younger …
My work is real .
X - Ray is an honest process .
It shows things for what they are , what they are made of .
I love that .
It balances all that glossy , superficial bollocks .
I ’m real and straightforward .
And so is my work .
I ’m not that interested in using x-ray to shock , as too much art tries too hard to bludgeon a message home .
Shock and gore is easy with x-ray .
I like to create intrigue and beauty . ” – Nick Veasey
Do you have much control over the results of the X -rays ?
What you control is the amount of radiation ; the thicker the object , the more radiation you need .
You also control the time for which you expose the radiation and the distance that the radiation source is from the object .
In photography terms time is like how long the shutter is open , the amount of radiation is how much light there is coming through it , and the distance is the same as how far the lens is from the object you are shooting .
However , it does n’t work on the normal visual spectrum of light .
X - rays are invisible .
– Altpick Interview
The image above is the largest x-ray photograph ever taken .
It ’s a Boeing 777 and required over 500 separate x-rays of individual elements to achieve .
Veasey borrowed a cargo x-ray scanner normally used to search trucks crossing into the US from Mexico to create this image .
Once he scanned the vehicle , Veasey used Photoshop to populate it with skeletons and objects he shot separately ( yes , he x-rayed a fedora ) .
A hospital in White Plains , New York , commissioned the piece to celebrate the opening of its new orthopedic facility .
The medical center ’s PR team had a promotional bus wrapped in the image drive around White Plains for nearly two months .
– via Wired
The 47 - year - old Englishman estimates that over the past decade or so he ’s x-rayed more than 4,000 objects .
“ I ’m interested in how things work , and x-rays show what ’s happening under the surface , ” he says .
“ Plus , they look cool . ”
To get his pictures , Veasey uses industrial x-ray machines typically employed in art restoration ( to examine oil paintings ) , electronics manufacturing ( to inspect circuit boards ) , and the military ( to check tanks for stress fractures ) .
Working with high doses of radiation is n’t always easy .
To minimize a patient ’s radiation exposure , medical x-ray techs grab their blurry stills in a fraction of a second ; Veasey needs to bombard his subjects with ionizing radiation for as long as 12 minutes to get crisp shots .
So to capture human forms , Veasey works with either skeletons in rubber suits ( normally used to train radiologists ) or cadavers that have been donated to science .
When a corpse becomes available , he has at most eight hours to pose and shoot before rigor mortis sets in .
When working with the everyday stuff that surrounds us my basic thought is to try to make us think of all that goes into a subjects design .
Why does it have that form ?
How does it work ?
What is it made of ?
Everything is designed , either by man or by nature .
I like to reveal that design , make us appreciate or wonder at what goes on inside .
My main motivation in using the human figure in x-ray is to challenge society ’s obsession with the image .
Why is it so important to look a certain way ?
Inside we all function the same way and I think it is not a person ’s face or ‘ look ’ that makes them what they are .
Are there any sky - is - the - limit , money - no - object subjects you dream of tackling ?
Are you kidding ?
Of course .
Please God let me loose in The Museum of Natural History .
Or give me Access to All Areas at NASA .
– via CoolHunting
Whose work do you admire ?
There is an English artist called Bridget Riley who is a psychedelic painter from the 60’s and 70’s .
She creates optical effects through geometric patterns .
It has really made a lasting impression on me because you do a double take .
I hope these x-rays will do this by showing what ’s on the inside .
It takes another slat on superficiality , which is what I really like .
It opens it all up to see what ’s on the inside , to see whether you like it or not , and it does n’t matter that it ’s Prada or Wal - Mart .
– via Altpick interview
How do you see your work evolving ?
How I see it evolving is mixing it with regular photography .
That would make it even more intriguing , where part of the shot is X - ray and part is real .
SOURCES
– Please visit NICKVEASEY .COM for additional information and photographs .
Nick has several books of his work for sale on his site
– Wired Article
– AltPick Interview
– Cool Hunting Interview
– Young Gallery Exhibit
If you enjoyed this article , the Sifter highly recommends :
THE DEADLIEST ART IN THE WORLD
Matt and Ezra both comment on my post that most of the largest Chinese firms are state - owned or controlled by state - owned banks .
( Both blogs , by the way , have interesting running coverage of the same China trip . )
How can this be the case in the world 's greatest economic growth miracle ?
How come it works ( sort of , there were lots of privatizations , starting in the 1980s ) in France too ?
Yet state - owned industries do not have a fantastic record overall ; ask England .
In part this is a puzzle but in part France and China have one important feature in common : it 's high status to be a ruler .
Very smart Frenchmen often grow up wanting to work for the government .
Hardly anyone in France thinks that is weird and so the French bureaucracy has some of the best talent in the country .
There is also a long - standing tradition of the prestige of the Chinese mandarin .
Furthermore , and perhaps more importantly , the Chinese Communist Party is the ultimate source of control and prestige for the entire society and it too attracts many talented people .
It 's not enough to attract talented people , however .
Unlike in the former communist Soviet Union , the Chinese government is ( somewhat ) dedicated to improving the nation .
At least at a ten percent rate of growth , this political equilibrium works .
And the state - controlled enterprises have to compete in a commercial environment , again unlike many former socialist experiments with state ownership .
Most of all , China is grabbing the low - hanging fruit by moving smart , hard - working individuals from rural jobs to highly productive jobs and when you are grabbing the low - hanging fruit many things are possible .
A lot of systems work OK until you get near the " you ought to shut down " constraint .
It 's also possible that the successes of state ownership " decay " with time , as was arguably the case with the French model before the privatizations and has been the case with NASA in the United States .
The United States is far from having the right pieces to make public ownership work on a widespread basis and of all the major capitalist economies we have experimented with it about the least .
Federalism , a regionalist Congress , separation of powers , and a high proportion of political appointees all militate against successful government ownership .
Plus we are a large economy with relatively little external discipline in the form of international trade .
We could " respect " our bureaucrats much more than we do , yet they still would not have the real status they enjoy in France .
It 's simply not built into our culture , which worships wealthy businessmen and also the so - called " common man . "
Imagine if everyone wrote a tweet : " Hey guys , over at the Department of Education .
You 're awesome .
Luv ya ! "
It would n't much matter because still not many people deeply and sincerely wish to emulate them .
I also prefer to live in a society where the public sector does not have so much prestige .
Very often governmental prestige stifles innovation and implies a series of more general insider , elitist , and sometimes authoritarian attitudes .
It 's also worth a quick look at the histories of what France and China had to do to build up so much governmental prestige ; not pretty .
We should recognize that the public ownership model has worked for China , but I do n't want to see it widely copied .
I do n't want to see it in Venezuela , Argentina , Turkey , Pakistan , Sri Lanka , Cuba , India , the Philippines , Nigeria , Central African Republic , or anywhere in Eastern Europe , to name a few other candidate countries .
Do you ?
It 's amazing how far Linux has come without providing for proper file locking that works and is usable from userspace .
A little overview why file locking is still in a very sad state :
To begin with , there 's a plethora of APIs , and all of them are awful :
POSIX File locking as available with fcntl ( F_SET_LK ) : the POSIX locking API is the most portable one and in theory works across NFS .
It can do byte - range locking .
So much on the good side .
On the bad side there 's a lot more however : locks are bound to processes , not file descriptors .
That means that this logic cannot be used in threaded environments unless combined with a process - local mutex .
This is hard to get right , especially in libraries that do not know the environment they are run in , i.e. whether they are used in threaded environments or not .
The worst part however is that POSIX locks are automatically released if a process calls close ( ) on any (! ) of its open file descriptors for that file .
That means that when one part of a program locks a file and another by coincidence accesses it too for a short time , the first part 's lock will be broken and it wo n't be notified about that .
Modern software tends to load big frameworks ( such as Gtk+ or Qt ) into memory as well as arbitrary modules via mechanisms such as NSS , PAM , gvfs , GTK_MODULES , Apache modules , GStreamer modules where one module seldom can control what another module in the same process does or accesses .
The effect of this is that POSIX locks are unusable in any non-trivial program where it cannot be ensured that a file that is locked is never accessed by any other part of the process at the same time .
Example : a user managing daemon wants to write /etc / passwd and locks the file for that .
At the same time in another thread ( or from a stack frame further down ) something calls getpwuid ( ) which internally accesses / etc / passwd and causes the lock to be released , the first thread ( or stack frame ) not knowing that .
Furthermore should two threads use the locking fcntl( ) s on the same file they will interfere with each other 's locks and reset the locking ranges and flags of each other .
On top of that locking cannot be used on any file that is publicly accessible ( i.e. has the R bit set for groups / others , i.e. more access bits on than 0600 ) , because that would otherwise effectively give arbitrary users a way to indefinitely block execution of any process ( regardless of the UID it is running under ) that wants to access and lock the file .
This is generally not an acceptable security risk .
Finally , while POSIX file locks are supposedly NFS - safe they not always really are as there are still many NFS implementations around where locking is not properly implemented , and NFS tends to be used in heterogenous networks .
The biggest problem about this is that there is no way to properly detect whether file locking works on a specific NFS mount ( or any mount ) or not .
: the POSIX locking API is the most portable one and in theory works across NFS .
It can do byte - range locking .
So much on the good side .
On the bad side there 's a lot more however : locks are bound to processes , not file descriptors .
That means that this logic cannot be used in threaded environments unless combined with a process - local mutex .
This is hard to get right , especially in libraries that do not know the environment they are run in , i.e. whether they are used in threaded environments or not .
The worst part however is that POSIX locks are automatically released if a process calls on (! ) of its open file descriptors for that file .
That means that when one part of a program locks a file and another by coincidence accesses it too for a short time , the first part 's lock will be broken and it wo n't be notified about that .
Modern software tends to load big frameworks ( such as Gtk+ or Qt ) into memory as well as arbitrary modules via mechanisms such as NSS , PAM , gvfs , GTK_MODULES , Apache modules , GStreamer modules where one module seldom can control what another module in the same process does or accesses .
The effect of this is that POSIX locks are unusable in any non-trivial program where it cannot be ensured that a file that is locked is accessed by any other part of the process at the same time .
Example : a user managing daemon wants to write and locks the file for that .
At the same time in another thread ( or from a stack frame further down ) something calls which internally accesses and causes the lock to be released , the first thread ( or stack frame ) not knowing that .
Furthermore should two threads use the locking fcntl( ) s on the same file they will interfere with each other 's locks and reset the locking ranges and flags of each other .
On top of that locking cannot be used on any file that is publicly accessible ( i.e. has the R bit set for groups / others , i.e. more access bits on than 0600 ) , because that would otherwise effectively give arbitrary users a way to indefinitely block execution of any process ( regardless of the UID it is running under ) that wants to access and lock the file .
This is generally not an acceptable security risk .
Finally , while POSIX file locks are supposedly NFS - safe they not always really are as there are still many NFS implementations around where locking is not properly implemented , and NFS tends to be used in heterogenous networks .
The biggest problem about this is that there is no way to properly detect whether file locking works on a specific NFS mount ( or any mount ) or not .
The other API for POSIX file locks : lockf ( ) is another API for the same mechanism and suffers by the same problems .
One wonders why there are two APIs for the same messed up interface .
is another API for the same mechanism and suffers by the same problems .
One wonders why there are two APIs for the same messed up interface .
BSD locking based on flock ( ) .
The semantics of this kind of locking are much nicer than for POSIX locking : locks are bound to file descriptors , not processes .
This kind of locking can hence be used safely between threads and can even be inherited across fork ( ) and exec ( ) .
Locks are only automatically broken on the close ( ) call for the one file descriptor they were created with ( or the last duplicate of it ) .
On the other hand this kind of locking does not offer byte - range locking and suffers by the same security problems as POSIX locking , and works on even less cases on NFS than POSIX locking ( i.e. on BSD and Linux < 2.6.12 they were NOPs returning success ) .
And since BSD locking is not as portable as POSIX locking this is sometimes an unsafe choice .
Some OSes even find it funny to make flock ( ) and fcntl ( F_SET_LK ) control the same locks .
Linux treats them independently -- except for the cases where it does n't : on Linux NFS they are transparently converted to POSIX locks , too now .
What a chaos !
.
The semantics of this kind of locking are much nicer than for POSIX locking : locks are bound to file descriptors , not processes .
This kind of locking can hence be used safely between threads and can even be inherited across and .
Locks are only automatically broken on the call for the one file descriptor they were created with ( or the last duplicate of it ) .
On the other hand this kind of locking does not offer byte - range locking and suffers by the same security problems as POSIX locking , and works on even less cases on NFS than POSIX locking ( i.e. on BSD and Linux < 2.6.12 they were NOPs returning success ) .
And since BSD locking is not as portable as POSIX locking this is sometimes an unsafe choice .
Some OSes even find it funny to make and control the same locks .
Linux treats them independently -- except for the cases where it does n't : on Linux NFS they are transparently converted to POSIX locks , too now .
What a chaos !
Mandatory locking is available too .
It 's based on the POSIX locking API but not portable in itself .
It 's dangerous business and should generally be avoided in cleanly written software .
Traditional lock file based file locking .
This is how things where done traditionally , based around known atomicity guarantees of certain basic file system operations .
It 's a cumbersome thing , and requires polling of the file system to get notifications when a lock is released .
Also , On Linux NFS < 2.6.5 it does n't work properly , since O_EXCL is n't atomic there .
And of course the client cannot really know what the server is running , so again this brokeness is not detectable .
The Disappointing Summary
File locking on Linux is just broken .
The broken semantics of POSIX locking show that the designers of this API apparently never have tried to actually use it in real software .
It smells a lot like an interface that kernel people thought makes sense but in reality does n't when you try to use it from userspace .
Here 's a list of places where you should n't use file locking due to the problems shown above :
If you want to lock a file in $ HOME , forget about it as $ HOME might be NFS and locks generally are not reliable there .
The same applies to every other file system that might be shared across the network .
If the file you want to lock is accessible to more than your own user ( i.e. an access mode > 0700 ) , forget about locking , it would allow others to block your application indefinitely .
If your program is non-trivial or threaded or uses a framework such as Gtk+ or Qt or any of the module - based APIs such as NSS , PAM , ... forget about about POSIX locking .
If you care about portability , do n't use file locking .
Or to turn this around , the only case where it is kind of safe to use file locking is in trivial applications where portability is not key and by using BSD locking on a file system where you can rely that it is local and on files inaccessible to others .
Of course , that does n't leave much , except for private files in /tmp for trivial user applications .
Or in one sentence : in its current state Linux file locking is unusable .
And that is a shame .
Update : Check out the follow - up story on this topic .
Hostelworld.com Offers Free PDF Guides To Major Cities
Planning a trip to a new destination and want advice on how to get around and eat without spending a fortune ?
Hostelworld.com offers free downloadable PDF guides to more than 50 global cities .
Each guide includes details of public transport options and weather , as well as places to stay and eat and various other bits of trivia .
While there ’s more European cities covered than anywhere else , every continent is represented ( and Australia is , unusually , far better represented than the US . )
The information on offer is fairly basic , and if you ’re travelling with a smart phone , you could likely dig up the much of the same data with a little casual surfing .
But for a compact , easy - to - print guide with enough information to get you around a given city and offer a few starting ideas , they ’re pretty handy .
Hostelworld.com Free Pocket Guides [ via OzBargain ]
The competition between Apple and Google got tougher with the launch of Android now it seems Google is planning to take this war in apple ’s backyard with the launch of Google music .
According to rumor mills Google is planning to launch Google music with Android 3.0 aka Gingerbread .
Android product manager , Gavreb Jain said
" Google will combine music download service next version of Android launched for the U.S. holiday season , "
Couple of weeks back when Android 2.2 Froyo at the Google I / O , launched presenters showed the audience the ability to purchase songs through the Android Market store through browser on your computer and push them directly in your android phone .
Source : Calcalist
LISTEN TO THE NEW ALBUM NOW !
Graduates without a top - level degree pass will see their chances of getting a job this summer almost vanish , it was forecast today .
With record numbers seeking employment , the vast majority of employers are closing the door to any candidates with lower than a 2:1 degree pass .
Experts reckon around 500,000 graduates will be seeking a job this summer .
The 420,000 - strong class of 2010 will be competing against thousands left unemployed as a result of the recession from last year 's graduates and some who have been without a job for two years .
They are facing a situation where 69 candidates on average are chasing every job – up from only 31 two years ago .
As a result of the jobs squeeze , nearly eight out of 10 employers ( 78 per cent ) have slapped a ban on employing anyone without a 2:1 degree – up from 66 per cent last year .
In addition , the number of employers insisting on taking only candidates from a select band of universities , ie the Russell Group – which represents 20 of the country 's leading higher education research institutions such as Oxford and Cambridge – has almost trebled in a year from 2.5 per cent to 6.9 per cent .
Research by the Association of Graduate Recruiters ( AGR ) shows employers have been besieged by 686,660 applications from graduates – with more than 40,000 who failed to find a job last year and even the year before competing with this year 's pool for employment .
In addition , employers ' predictions that the drop in vacancies last year would be halted this summer have proved wrong .
The figures show that , while the number of vacancies has fallen by 6.9 per cent this year compared with 8.9 per cent the previous year , the jobs market is still plummeting .
As a result , employers are finding that on average there are 69 applications for every job , a rise of 20 since last year and more than double the corresponding figure for 2008 ( 31 ) .
Student leaders and lecturers warned that the jobs situation would get worse as public spending cuts begin to bite .
Video :
Tough times : the graduate job market
Aaron Porter , president of the National Union of Students , said : " Graduates are leaving our universities with world - class skills and knowledge and have the ambition to make important contributions in the UK .
" We are concerned that the savage cuts to the public sector will create further unemployment and will make the lives of graduates tougher in an already difficult jobs market .
Graduates will be the engines of our economic recovery and the Government must invest in creating the jobs and training opportunities so that this exceptional pool of talent does not stagnate . "
Sally Hunt , general secretary of the University and College Union , said that this year 's graduates were already leaving university with record levels of debt .
She warned that ministers could not justify attempts to raise student fees by citing " specious graduate pay premiums " in the light of the research .
A committee of inquiry into student finance , headed by Lord Browne , is scheduled to report this autumn .
The AGR research paints a bleaker picture than a similar survey published earlier this year .
" Employers ' early predictions for this year 's recruitment season have turned out to be somewhat premature in their optimism and today 's findings suggest the recovery is going to be slower than previously thought , " said Carl Gilleard , the chief executive of the AGR .
" Recruiters are under intense pressure this year dealing with a huge number of applications from graduates for a diminishing pool of jobs . "
He warned that a strict adherence to a policy of recruiting people with top - level degree passes " can rule out promising candidates with the right work skills unnecessarily " .
" We are encouraging our members to look beyond the degree classification when narrowing down the field of candidates to manageable proportions . "
On pay , the average graduate starting salary has been frozen for the second year in succession at £ 25,000 – the first time in the history of collating statistics that this has happened .
The sectors facing the biggest drop in vacancies include fast - moving consumer goods – ie supermarket and consumer electronic goods ( down 45.4 per cent ) , IT and retail ( both down 31.4 per cent ) .
Sectors seeing a rise in vacancies include banking and financial services ( up 72 per cent after a massive collapse last year ) and insurance ( up 53.3 per cent ) .
One telecommunications company told researchers : " Everything has taken longer to loosen up so people are n't starting big projects and employers are n't taking on so many staff . "
An engineering company added : " I would assume that there is an increase in applications because a lot of graduates did not get a job last year or even the year before . "
However , David Willetts , the Higher Education minister , said : " The job market remains challenging for new graduates as it does for others .
" But a degree is still a good investment in the long term and graduates have a key role to play in helping Britain out of the recession . "
Dr Wendy Piatt , director general of the Russell Group , added : " Graduates face an extremely competitive employment market .
However , a degree remains a valuable investment .
" Russell Group universities are constantly striving to ensure their students develop skill - sets that make them employable , entrepreneurial and experienced .
Because of this , Russell Group graduates are among the most sought - after worldwide . "
The survey , which took in 199 of the country 's largest graduate recruiters , revealed that – between them – they were offering a total of 17,920 graduate jobs this summer , 6.9 per cent fewer than they were offering last year .
Joss Reed : ' It 's a really difficult time to be graduating '
The 20 - year - old graduated with a 2.2 degree in physics from Leeds University this June .
He decided to take a master 's in automotive engineering because he wanted to improve his job prospects and was concerned a 2.2 would stop him getting a job .
He said : " I hope that if I do well in my master 's the fact I got a 2.2 will matter less .
I probably did n't put as much effort into my degree as I could have done .
I bucked up my ideas in my third year but the course was hard .
A lot of my friends found it difficult too but most of them managed to get 2.1s . "
He added : " I lived with eight people at university and only two of them have jobs .
The others are all doing gap years , master 's or PGCEs in the hope there will be more jobs out there in a year 's time .
It is a really difficult time to be graduating and very worrying .
" I had hoped that by taking a master 's I would be at an advantage and the job market might have improved .
But I 'm concerned that if more people are taking master 's then many others will have one by the time I finish . "
Tash Mupasai : ' It was pointless to keep applying for jobs '
Aged 23 , she graduated with a 2.2 degree in physics from Manchester University in 2009 .
She felt forced into taking a master 's after several recruiters told her they would only take on graduates with a 2.1 or a 1st .
Ms Mupasai decided to do her master 's in photon science – the study of how light interacts with matter – as she felt studying a specialist subject would make her more employable .
But she is still concerned at the state of the job market .
" I applied for several jobs after my first degree but many of the jobs either specified that only people with a 2.1 or better could apply or the employers told me they preferred another candidate who had a 2.1 .
It was pointless to keep applying ...
So I decided to do a master 's in the hope that the job market would be better by the time I finished . "
Ms Mupasai added that a friend who got a 2.2 from Manchester University had been unable to find a graduate job .
Instead she was working at a bar .
" It 's really hard and several of my friends are finding it really difficult to get work .
Many of my friends , even those with 2.1s , are having to resort to working part - time in bars or shops .
It 's really demoralising for them to have worked hard for a degree and still to be unemployed .
I am very concerned that the situation might be the same for me even after I graduate with a master 's . "
Jack Milner , 22 : ' The fact I got a 2:2 has really affected my job prospects '
After graduating from the University of Central Lancashire with a 2.2 in business studies this May , and applying for 50 to 60 jobs , he has only had three interviews and is still unemployed .
" I think the fact I got a 2.2 has really affected my job prospects .
I did n't think it would matter because I have done lots of work experience .
As soon as employers see that I got a 2.2 they disregard my CV , " he said .
" I did a whole year 's work placement in recruitment so you would think that would count for something .
I 'm applying for a broad range of jobs from marketing , to HR to retail , but have had no success so far .
" But I 'm also finding myself in a Catch 22 situation .
On the one hand , I 'm finding it hard to get employers interested in me because I have a 2.2 .
On the other , when I apply for entry - level jobs , I 'm told I have too much work experience .
Michael Vick 's lawyer says his client was " long gone " before a shooting took place near a Virginia Beach restaurant that hosted his 30th birthday party .
A spokesman for the Guadalajara restaurant , however , told ESPN 's Kelly Naqi that owners have turned over video surveillance that shows
Vick leaving just three minutes before shots were fired .
Allen Fabijan , a spokesman for the restaurant , said police have asked the club not to release the video to media , but allowed The Associated Press to view the grainy footage on Wednesday .
Vick 's face is not discernible ; a man wearing white that Fabijan said is Vick appears moving toward a parked car at 2:04 a.m. ET .
A crowd quickly gathers , and Fabijan said Vick accommodated fans trying to get an autograph , to pose for a photo or to shake hands -- so much so that a club security guard tried to disperse the crowd .
The waiting car pulls away at 2:07 a.m. in the direction of the eventual shooting .
Numerous people are seen lingering in front of the club for several minutes until , at 2:10:55 , they suddenly appear to duck for cover .
Police spokesman Adam Bernstein , who said authorities have a copy of the video , said the first 911 call was received at 2:11 .
Bernstein had said previously that Vick was n't a suspect in the case .
However , it appears the Virginia Beach police department is taking a new look at Vick after viewing the video and taking witness testimony , including Vick's .
" Right now , we do n't really have a title for him , " Bernstein told the Philadelphia Daily News .
Fabijan said Vick was not involved in any altercations during the hour he was inside , or immediately outside , the restaurant / nightclub .
Vick , accompanied by his lawyer Larry Woodward , was interviewed by police on Monday .
Police say Vick is not a suspect and have not identified the shooting victim .
Woodward , however , told the AP that it was Quanis Phillips , a co-defendant in Vick 's dogfighting case .
Woodward said Vick left the restaurant at Town Center shopping center at least 10 minutes and perhaps as much as 20 minutes before the shooting .
Woodward stood by his timeline when contacted by the Daily Press .
" I stand by what I said , that Michael was long gone before the shooting , does not know who did the shooting and had nothing to do with the shooting , " Woodward told the newspaper .
" Anyone who says any different better be very careful . "
Woodward said that Vick was not involved in the shooting and does not know who shot Phillips .
Woodward said Vick did not invite Phillips to the party and had no contact with him there .
Vick remains on three years ' probation and is not allowed to associate with anyone convicted of a felony unless granted permission to do so by his probation officer .
An NFL spokesman said Monday the league is looking into the shooting and had no further comment .
NFL commissioner Roger Goodell reinstated Vick last July after the quarterback served a two - year suspension , saying at the time that Vick 's margin for error would be " extremely limited . "
Police have said witnesses described the shooter as a black man wearing a white tank top and driving a white Cadillac Escalade .
The Thursday night party was hyped on social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter as " Michael Vick 's ALL WHITE 30th Birthday Bash . "
Vick and his brother , Marcus , booked the party at Guadalajara restaurant , Fabijan told ESPN .
Michael and Marcus ' cut was the admission price at the door ( $ 30 general admission , $ 50 for VIP access ) .
The brothers had to reimburse Guadalajara for providing the venue , the serving staff and cleanup .
Fabijan would not say how much money was made that night .
Michael Vick arrived at 1 a.m. and his birthday cake was served between 1:30 a.m. and 1:45 a.m. , Fabijan told ESPN .
Vick left shortly after 2 a.m.
Marcus stayed inside the restaurant to settle up the tab .
Fabijan told ESPN the restaurant 's security camera footage shows Vick 's vehicle leaving the parking lot .
The shooting is not on video , Fabijan said , because it did not take place on the premises or in the parking lot .
The video shows staff members taking a break suddenly duck after hearing a gunshot , Fabijan said .
Fabijan would not say if there was any type of altercation in the club before the shooting .
" We have talked to all of our staff and reviewed all the video camera footage and there was no fight or anyone asked to leave by Guadalajara staff or security , " he told ESPN .
Vick , who is from nearby Newport News , was in the area conducting a football camp at Hampton University .
Fabijan told the Daily Press that Vick has been a regular customer at the restaurant .
" He 's come in unannounced , " Fabijan told the newspaper .
" We 've had absolutely no problems whatsoever with him or his entourage before . "
Former NFL head coach Tony Dungy , who agreed to mentor the quarterback in his return , has been in touch with Vick since the incident .
Dungy said in an e-mail that " the only thing he is guilty of is using bad judgment and attending and publicizing parties open to the public and utilizing his name to get people there .
Hopefully he learns from this . "
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Like many great ideas , the Manchester egg began in the pub .
Ben Holden was enjoying a few pints in bohemian Oldham Street boozer , the Castle , when he ordered a pickled egg , some Seabrook salt ' n ' vinegar crisps and , from the Castle 's pie warmer , a scotch egg .
For the web designer and enthusiast amateur cook , this snack would prove a revelation .
Playing around , Holden ate a little pickled egg together with a slice of warm , moist savoury scotch egg .
Then he started dipping pieces of pickled egg into finely crushed crisps , revelling in the texture contrast of the crunch and the rich , yielding firmness of the egg white .
Convinced that , " that pickled flavour dimension is that extra level that the scotch egg has always missed " , he went home that night determined to fuse the two : " If I have an idea like that , I 'm more than happy to dive in and experiment . "
A few weeks later , Holden was back at the Castle for a mate 's birthday , where he unveiled the prototype ' pickled ' scotch eggs .
After several trial runs , he had settled on a pickled egg , wrapped in a mixture of rare breed pork meat and , that local Lancashire favourite , black pudding , coated for maximum crunch in Japanese panko breadcrumbs - to be served warm .
Holden 's mates , and soon the whole pub ( the Castle is a very gregarious kind of drinking hole ) , went wild for these new style eggs , in which the fulsome blood sausage is artfully offset by that pointed vinegary pickle .
By the night 's end Holden was promising to fry up a new batch for the following Friday and over a few weeks in January and February this creation - now christened the Manchester egg - became a minor local sensation .
Holden was selling 30 or so eggs every Friday lunchtime , with people schlepping across town to try one with a pint of Cumbria Way .
With demand already outstripping supply and the eggs taking over Holden 's home - " my missus was going mental about it smelling like a chippy " - he had to have a rethink .
In April , production was moved to the newly relaunched Soup Kitchen , where after some training French chef Amaury Neury became the custodian of the Manchester egg .
The Soup Kitchen is serving the eggs ( at £ 2.50 ) on Thursday , Friday and Saturday , accompanied by a sweet fig chutney .
Although Holden does have plans for a partner Manchester relish .
He dubs it an " open sauce " project - with a collection of friends tasting and chipping in with suggestions - but the current recipe is evolving around a fruity base of caramelised red onions and Vimto .
Says Holden :
" It 's about time Manchester had a new namesake food stuff , that it can really call its own .
No -one has tried it since , probably , the Eccles cake .
I just though , ' why not ?
Let the people have an egg ' .
And I 've thought about the legacy .
If I can establish a new type of basic Manchester foodstuff , this might live longer than me . "
The Manchester egg , of course , is in a fine tradition of British culinary hybrids .
Chicken tikka masala , scouse ( originally a Scandinavian seaman 's dish ) or - much discussed on this board - Middlesbrough 's parmo are typical of such cultural cross-fertilisation , while Scotland has almost cornered the market in such localised ' innovation ' , with its haggis curry , ' haggis ' chocolates , deep - fried pizzas and , even , a deep - fried sausage - kebab combo , the Stonner .
Nationally , meanwhile , unique local food products are enjoying a significant resurgence .
The likes of Melton Mowbray pie and Lincolnshire sausage makers have been fighting for protected status , while a rash of newer products make great play of their geographic provenance , even if they rarely ring 100 % true .
Welsh Red Mustard gets pretty close , given its uniquely sweet and red , is made in Wales and to a new Welsh recipe .
But it does n't utilise distinctly Welsh ingredients , or riff on a Welsh food tradition .
Yorkshire Tea , in contrast , is a triumph of marketing ( the association of gruff Yorkshiremen with strong tea ) over reality .
The tea might be blended in Harrogate , but - for now at least - it 's grown in far flung places , and , surely , a ' builder 's tea ' blend is the default of most tea brands , from PG Tips to Typhoo ?
It 's hardly unique .
The Manchester egg , though , is the real deal : a genuinely new product , using genuinely ' northern ' ingredients which surely deserves its places among the pantheon of regional foodstuffs , alongside Cornish pasties and Cumberland sausage .
What similarly convincing new food and drink creations are out there , and what would best represent where you live ?
Affiliate Marketing Software Solutions Review Posted on 06/01/2010
With the vast amounts of affiliate software that are becoming available , one would assume that choosing one would be as easy as point and click .
After all , with so many options to choose from , how can you go wrong ?
However , if you 'd like to get the absolute most out of your software , you 'll need to look a little more closely than just reading about a few affiliate programs .
You 'll need to learn the numbers , understand the stats , and compare each piece of software to all the others around it .
Or , you could just check out this infographic .
We 've assembled all of the best affiliate software available , and compared their stats in language anyone can understand .
All you need to do is decide what you want from your software , and browse through the options .
You 're sure to find what you need .
Copy and paste the HTML code below to embed this graphic onto your site .
This man wants to live like a tsar .
That is why he has done all his best to make his house look like a royal residence .
Originally posted to Gearlog .
The Onkyo DX1007A5B notebook is why I flew 7,800 miles to attend Computex .
It does n't feature the fastest processor , or break new ground in terms of the platform .
And to be honest , I did n't even know Onkyo made PCs until I saw this system in the Microsoft booth .
But this is exactly what I expected to find at the show , and it does n't disappoint .
Hardware - wise , the system is nothing special : AMD Athlon Neo CPU , 4GB of RAM , 320 GB HD , and Windows 7 Home Edition .
But the cool thing is the displays , plural .
Two 10.2 - inch display mounted horizontally so you can extend your desktop horizontally .
Since that would be kind of awkward to carry , they collapse down into a standard form factor for travel .
But wait , there 's more !
Twist the screen around and the system works as a tablet .
Albeit without a touchscreen , but still pretty neat .
Practical ?
Probably not .
But you got to love the effort .
Check out the video to see it in action and tell me you do n't agree .
A letter from the frustrated author of a journal paper
R. L. Glass
Computing Trends , 1416 Sare Road , Bloomington , IN 47401 , USA
Available online 28 September 2000 .
Editor ’s Note :
It seems appropriate , in this issue of JSS containing the findings of our annual Top Scholars / Institutions study , to pay tribute to the persistent authors who make a journal like this , and a study like that , possible .
In their honor , we dedicate the following humorous , anonymously - authored , letter !
---
Dear Sir , Madame , or Other :
Enclosed is our latest version of Ms. # 1996-02-22-RRRRR , that is the re-re - re - revised revision of our paper .
Choke on it .
We have again rewritten the entire manuscript from start to finish .
We even changed the g - d - running head !
Hopefully , we have suffered enough now to satisfy even you and the bloodthirsty reviewers .
I shall skip the usual point - by - point description of every single change we made in response to the critiques .
After all , it is fairly clear that your anonymous reviewers are less interested in the details of scientific procedure than in working out their personality problems and sexual frustrations by seeking some kind of demented glee in the sadistic and arbitrary exercise of tyrannical power over hapless authors like ourselves who happen to fall into their clutches .
We do understand that , in view of the misanthropic psychopaths you have on your editorial board , you need to keep sending them papers , for if they were not reviewing manuscripts they would probably be out mugging little old ladies or clubbing baby seals to death .
Still , from this batch of reviewers , C was clearly the most hostile , and we request that you not ask him to review this revision .
Indeed , we have mailed letter bombs to four or five people we suspected of being reviewer C , so if you send the manuscript back to them , the review process could be unduly delayed .
Some of the reviewers ’ comments we could not do anything about .
For example , if ( as C suggested ) several of my recent ancestors were indeed drawn from other species , it is too late to change that .
Other suggestions were implemented , however , and the paper has been improved and benefited .
Plus , you suggested that we shorten the manuscript by five pages , and we were able to accomplish this very effectively by altering the margins and printing the paper in a different font with a smaller typeface .
We agree with you that the paper is much better this way .
One perplexing problem was dealing with suggestions 13 – 28 by reviewer B .
As you may recall ( that is , if you even bother reading the reviews before sending your decision letter ) , that reviewer listed 16 works that he / she felt we should cite in this paper .
These were on a variety of different topics , none of which had any relevance to our work that we could see .
Indeed , one was an essay on the Spanish–American war from a high school literary magazine .
The only common thread was that all 16 were by the same author , presumably someone whom reviewer B greatly admires and feels should be more widely cited .
To handle this , we have modified the Introduction and added , after the review of the relevant literature , a subsection entitled “ Review of Irrelevant Literature ” that discusses these articles and also duly addresses some of the more asinine suggestions from other reviewers .
We hope you will be pleased with this revision and will finally recognize how urgently deserving of publication this work is .
If not , then you are an unscrupulous , depraved monster with no shred of human decency .
You ought to be in a cage .
May whatever heritage you come from be the butt of the next round of ethnic jokes .
If you do accept it , however , we wish to thank you for your patience and wisdom throughout this process , and to express our appreciation for your scholarly insights .
To repay you , we would be happy to review some manuscripts for you ; please send us the next manuscript that any of these reviewers submits to this journal .
Assuming you accept this paper , we would also like to add a footnote acknowledging your help with this manuscript and to point out that we liked the paper much better the way we originally submitted it , but you held the editorial shotgun to our heads and forced us to chop , reshuffle , hedge , expand , shorten , and in general convert a meaty paper into stir - fried vegetables .
We could not – or would not – have done it without your input .
---
Journal of Systems and Software , Volume 54 , Issue 1 , 30 September 2000 , Page 1
{ TAGS} Posted on Saturday 12 June 2010 - 14:02:21 comment : 0 {TAGS}
Methodenwechsel beim Sozialabbau Peter Mühlbauer
Auch wenn die meisten Kritiker es noch nicht gemerkt haben : Der Neoliberalismus wurde von einem Neokeynesianismus abgelöst
In einer sehenswerten Dokumentation über Somalia ruft ein Al - Shabaab - Milizionär mit Kalaschnikow " Nieder mit Bush ! " .
Er hat offenbar , wie der Kommentar anmerkt , nicht mitbekommen , dass Präsident Bush gar nicht mehr im Amt ist .
Oder es ist ihm zu kompliziert .
Ähnlich verhält es sich mit vielen Kritikern des Sozialabbaus in Deutschland .
Auch an ihnen ist ein Wandel offenbar vorübergegangen , ohne dass sie etwas merkten .
Ihre eher ritualisierte als analytische Kritik richtet sich nämlich immer noch an einen Gegner namens " Neoliberalismus " .
Doch heute wird Sozialabbau nicht mehr in erster Linie mit Anreizen , globalisierter Konkurrenz , der Freisetzung von Marktkräften oder ähnlich angebotsorientierten Argumenten betrieben wie vor einigen Jahren oder Jahrzehnten , sondern mit Sparzwängen .
Ein entscheidender Unterschied zu früher ist dabei , dass diese Sparzwänge nicht auf die keynesianische Politik vergangener Kabinette geschoben werden .
Stattdessen gibt die Regierung parallel zum " Sparen " mit vollen Händen Geld aus - etwa für Bailouts oder Kriege - und handelt damit selbst neokeynesianisch .
Sir John Maynard Keynes
Die durch Subventions - " Rettungspakete " und Kriege riesig gewordenen Staatsschulden , die heute fast ausschließlich als Argument für Sozialabbau dienen , liegen in Deutschland derzeit bei etwa 1,71 Billionen .
Ihre Nutznießer sind neben institutionellen Investoren wie Banken auch reiche Privatleute .
Die Zinsen , die sie relativ risikolos kassieren , kommen zu einem großen Teil aus den Einkommens - und Verbrauchssteuern von Durchschnitts - und Geringverdienern .
Denn aufgrund der zahlreichen Abzugsmöglichkeiten zahlten die 450 nach dem Verdienst gerechnet reichsten Deutschen einer 2008 vom DIW veröffentlichen Studie zufolge effektiv keineswegs den Spitzensteuersatz , sondern stattdessen gerade einmal 34 Prozent .
Selbst wenn man sich auf den Standpunkt stellen würde , dass die Bailouts tatsächlich alternativlos sind , gibt es immer noch auffällig viel Steuergeld , das mit der einen Hand für Luxus verschwendet wird , während es die Regierung mit der anderen durch Sozialabbau einspart .
So fließen beispielsweise auch außerhalb von Konjunkturprogrammen enorme Summen in die so genannte " Städtebauförderung " - einer teuren Spielwiese für Landschaftsarchitekten , die man sich Ende der 1960er Jahre ausdachte , als es öffentliches Geld im Überfluss gab .
Ihr Effekt bestand in der Vergangenheit zu einem beträchtlichen Teil darin , dass Teerstraßen aufgerissen und durch Kopfsteinpflaster ersetzt wurden .
Eine andere angesichts der Kürzungen bei Hartz - IV - Empfängern bemerkenswerte Schwelgerei sind die Subventionen für Sportvereine .
Dem Deutschen Städtetag zufolge gaben Bund , Länder und Gemeinden 2008 beispielsweise 3,9 Milliarden Euro für den Sport aus .
Der Kölner Sportwissenschaftler Christoph Breuer kam im selben Jahr sogar auf noch wesentlich höhere Summen .
Danach liegt alleine die direkte Förderung bei jährlich etwa 6 Milliarden Euro .
Was würde dagegen sprechen , so etwas nicht mehr mit Steuergeldern zu subventionieren ?
Welche Schäden wären zu erwarten , wenn im Zeitalter der Billig - DVD Opern - und Theaterkarten zu dem Preis angeboten würden , von dem ein guter Teil der Besucher sonst so schwärmt - dem Marktpreis ?
Mit einem " Marktversagen " lassen sich solche Zahlungen in jedem Fall nicht rechtfertigen : Denn weder sind sie überlebensnotwendig für Menschen , noch natürliche Monopole wie die Wasserversorgung , in denen sich kein Wettbewerb bilden würde .
Die treffendste Kritik zu dieser Entwicklung kam bisher weder von einer parlamentarischen noch einer außerparlamentarischen Opposition , sondern vom Simpsons - Autor Daniel Chun , der die Folge " Rome - old and Juli-eh " schrieb , in der Homer Simpson Privatinsolvenz anmeldet und einen Schuldenberater zur Seite gestellt bekommt .
Sparen will er aber nicht etwa an den von diesem Berater vorgeschlagenen monatlichen 1000 Dollar für Wunschbrunnen ( mit denen er sich mehr Geld wünscht ) , 500 Dollar monatlich für totalpoker.com oder drei Abonnements von Vanity Fair ( für drei Toiletten ) .
Stattdessen holt er Grandpa Simpson gegen seinen Willen aus dem Altersheim .
( Peter Mühlbauer )
BEIJING — Two Chinese lawyers who represented a follower of the banned Falun Gong spiritual movement could have their licenses permanently revoked in an administrative hearing on Thursday .
The action against the lawyers is the latest move in an increasingly harsh government crackdown on lawyers who take on human rights cases .
The lawyers , Tang Jitian and Liu Wei , said in a written statement that they were accused by the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Justice of having “ disrupted the order of the court and interfered with the regular litigation process . ”
The charge against the lawyers is based on accusations from the Luzhou Municipal Intermediate People ’s Court of Sichuan Province , where the lawyers defended Yang Ming , the Falun Gong practitioner , nearly a year ago .
Lawyers in China are usually barred from practicing for life only if they are convicted of a crime .
If Mr. Tang and Ms. Liu have their licenses permanently revoked , then this would be a rare occasion , perhaps the first of its kind , when a disruption - of - court charge has led to such harsh punishment , said Eva Pils , a law professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
The two lawyers said in their written statement that the justice bureau ’s charge “ is obviously factually unsound and lacks legal basis . ”
The lawyers said it was in fact the judge in the court in Sichuan who was a disruptive element during the trial on April 27 , 2009 .
The judge , Li Xudong , interrupted statements made by the defense lawyers or by Mr. Yang , the lawyers said , “ so that the defense was extremely difficult to carry out . ”
The judge also allowed people to film the lawyers in the courtroom , even though this is usually prohibited .
Consider " 0010000000100000 " .
It 's a string filled with nothing but " 1 " and " 0 " characters .
Now , unless such a string is part of some classroom assignment where the goal is to programmatically convert Based 2 to Base 10 — or , perhaps , existing in some highly - limited and / or perverted language like MUMPS — there is never a good reason for it to exist in a program .
Because there are so many more appropriate data types — a boolean array , an integer bitmask , or even an integer array , just to name a few — a " boolean string " is a canary in the coalmine .
If it 's in an application 's codebase , then chances are , there 's something seriously wrong with that code .
If , perchance , such a string is found in a VARCHAR column in some database , then something is n't just seriously wrong , the application is nothing short of an epic disaster .
Unfortunately , Jani Chaushev knows this fact all to well .
In the application he was tasked with maintaining , there are several such columns , each filled with rows of data like this .
001000000010000000000000000000001001000000000000000000000000000000000010000000000 000000000000000000000000000000001010000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 101000000010000000000001000000001001000000000000011110000000000000000010000000000 000000000001100000000000000000001010000000000000000001111000000000000000000000001
Fortunately , there 's a perfectly sane way of querying for these rows .
I 'm kidding , of course .
The rows are retrieved with a convoluted RegEx - based query .
SELECT * FROM `redcated_table_name` WHERE `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { 25 }[ 1 ]
{1}[0 -1] {55 } $ ' OR `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { 26}[ 1 ]
{1}[0 - 1 ] {54} $ ' OR `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { 27}[ 1 ]
{1}[0 -1 ] {53 } $ ' OR `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { 28}[ 1 ]
{1}[0 - 1 ] {52} $ ' OR `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { 29 }[ 1 ]
{1}[0 - 1 ] {51} $ ' OR `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1] {30 } [ 1 ]
{1}[0 -1]
{50 } $ ' OR `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] {31}[ 1 ]
{1}[0 -1] {49 } $ ' OR `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { 36 }[ 1 ]
{ 1}[0 - 1 ] {44} $ ' OR `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] {37}[ 1 ]
{ 1}[0 - 1 ] {43 } $ ' OR `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] {38 }[ 1 ]
{ 1}[0 - 1 ] {42} $ ' OR `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1] {39 } [ 1 ]
{ 1}[0 - 1 ] {41} $ ' OR `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { 40 } [ 1 ]
{1}[0 - 1]
{40 } $ ' OR `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { 41}[1 ]
{1}[0 -1] {39} $ ' OR `extras`= '1 '
And it only gets worse .
This convoluted query for convoluted data is generated by even more convoluted code .
$ sql = '' ; $ sql_sess = '' ; if ( isset ( $ _POST [' search_act ' ] ) && $ _POST [' search_act ' ]==
1 ) { if ( isset ( $ _POST [' show_extras ' ] ) || isset ( $ _POST [' show_extras_x ' ] ) || isset ( $ _POST [' show_extras_y ' ] ) ) { for ( $i=1 ;$i<=81 ; $i++ ) { if ( isset ( $ _POST [' extra ' .$i ] ) && $ _POST [' extra '.$i] ==1 ) { //if ( in_array ( $i , array ( 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14 ) ) ) if ( in_array ( $i , array ( 77,78,79,80,81 ) ) ) { $ iii=0 ; //for( $ii=77 ; $ii < 82 ; $ii ++ ) for ( $ii=1 ;$ii<15 ;$ii ++ ) { if ($_POST [' extra '.$ii ] ==1 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ ii - 1 ) . " }[ 1 ] { 1}[0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - $ ii - 1 ) . " }[ 1 ] { 1}[ 0 - 1 ] {" .( 81 - $ i ) . " }$ ' OR " ; $ iii ++ ; } } if ( $iii==0 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ]
{ 1}[ 0 - 1 ] { " .( 81 - $ i ) . " }$ ' OR " ; } } else if ( $i==15 or $ i==16 or $ i==17 or $ i==18 or $ i==19 or $ i==20 ) { $ iii=0 ; for ( $ii=21 ; $ii<25 ; $ii ++ ) { if ($ _POST [' extra '.$ii ] ==1 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ]
{ 1} [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ ii - $ i - 1 ) . " }[ 1 ] { 1}[0 - 1 ] {" .( 81 - $ ii ) . " }$ ' OR " ; $ iii ++ ; } } if ( $iii==0 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ]
{ 1}[0 - 1 ] {" .( 81 - $ i ) . " }$ ' OR " ; } } else if ( $i==43 or $ i==44 or $ i==45 ) { $ iii=0 ; for ( $ii=46 ; $ ii< 47 ; $ii ++ ) { if ($ _POST [' extra '.$ii ] ==1 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ]
{ 1}[0 - 1 ] { " .( $ ii - $ i - 1 ) . " }[ 1 ] { 1}[0 - 1 ] {" .( 81 - $ ii ) . " }$ ' OR " ; $ iii ++ ; } } if ( $iii==0 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ]
{ 1}[0 - 1 ] {" .( 81 - $ i ) . " }$ ' OR " ; } } else if ( $i==47 or $ i==48 or $ i==49 ) { $ iii=0 ; for ( $ii=50 ; $ii < 52 ; $ii ++ ) { if ($ _POST [' extra '.$ii ] ==1 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " }[ 1 ] { 1}[0 - 1 ] { " .( $ ii - $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ]
{ 1} [ 0 - 1 ] { " .( 81 - $ ii ) . " }$ ' OR " ; $ iii ++ ; } } if ( $iii==0 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " }[ 1 ] { 1}[0 - 1 ] {" .( 81 - $ i ) . " }$ ' OR " ; } } else if ( $i==52 or $ i==53 ) { $ iii=0 ; for ( $ii=54 ; $ii <56 ; $ii ++ ) { if ($ _POST [' extra '.$ii ] ==1 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " }[ 1 ] { 1}[0 - 1 ] { " .( $ ii - $ i - 1 ) . " }[ 1 ] { 1}[0 - 1 ] {" .( 81 - $ ii ) . " }$ ' OR " ; $ iii ++ ; } } if ( $iii==0 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " }[ 1 ] { 1}[0 - 1 ] {" .( 81 - $ i ) . " }$ ' OR " ; } } else if ( $i==56 or $ i==57 ) { $ iii=0 ; for ( $ii=58 ; $ ii<60 ; $ii++ ) { if ($ _POST [' extra '.$ii ] ==1 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " }[ 1 ] { 1}[0 - 1 ] { " .( $ ii - $ i - 1 ) . " }[ 1 ] { 1}[0 - 1 ] {" .( 81 - $ ii ) . " }$ ' OR " ; $ iii ++ ; } } if ( $iii==0 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " }[ 1 ]
{ 1}[0 - 1 ] {" .( 81 - $ i ) . " }$ ' OR " ; } } else {
//if($i!=21 and $ i!=22 and $ i!=23 and $ i!=24 and // $ i!=46 and $ i!=50 and $ i!=51 and $ i!=54 and // $ i!=55 and $ i!=58 and $ i!=59 and $ i!=77 and // $ i!=78 and $ i!=79 and $ i!=80 and $ i!=81 ) if ( $i!=21 and $ i!=22 and $ i!=23 and $ i!=24 and $ i!=46 and $ i!=50 and $ i!=51 and $ i!=54 and $ i!=55 and $ i!=58 and $ i!=59 && !in_array ( $i , array ( 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14 ) ) ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " }[ 1 ]
{ 1} [ 0 - 1 ] { " .( 81 - $ i ) . " }$ ' OR " ; } } $ sql_sess .= " 1 " ; } else { $ sql_sess .= " 0 " ; } } $ _SESSION [ 'sql ' ] = ' 0 '.$ sql_sess ; } if ( isset ( $ _POST [ ' show_all ' ] ) || isset ( $ _POST [ ' show_all_x ' ] ) || isset ( $ _POST [ ' show_all_y ' ] ) ) { $ sql = " " ; $ sql_sess = str_pad ( " 0 " , 81 , " 0 " , STR_PAD_RIGHT ) ; $ _SESSION [ 'sql ' ] = $ sql_sess ; } } else { $ sql_sess = str_split ( $_SESSION [ 'sql ' ] ) ; $ isnul = ' T ' ; for ( $i=1 ; $i<=81 ; $i++ ) { if ( isset ( $sql_sess [ $i ] ) && $ sql_sess [ $i] ==1 ) { $ isnul = ' F ' ; //if ( in_array ( $i , array ( 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14 ) ) ) if ( in_array ( $i , array ( 77,78,79,80,81 ) ) ) { $ iii=0 ; // for( $ii=77 ; $ ii < 82 ; $ ii ++ ) for ( $ ii=1 ; $ ii < 15 ; $ii ++ ) { if ( $sql_sess [ $ii ] ==1 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ ii - 1 ) . " }[ 1 ] { 1}[0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - $ ii - 1 ) . " }[ 1 ] { 1}[ 0 - 1 ] {" .( 81 - $ i ) . " }$ ' OR " ; $ iii ++ ; } } if ( $iii==0 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " }[ 1 ] { 1}[0 - 1 ] {" .( 81 - $ i ) . " }$ ' OR " ; } } else if ( $i==15 or $ i==16 or $ i==17 or $ i==18 or $ i==19 or $ i==20 ) { $ iii=0 ; for ( $ii=21 ; $ ii < 25 ; $ ii ++ ) { if ( $sql_sess [ $ii ] ==1 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ] { 1}[ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ ii - $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ]
{ 1}[0 - 1 ] {" .( 81 - $ ii ) . " }$ ' OR " ; $ iii ++ ; } } if ( $iii==0 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ]
{ 1}[ 0 - 1 ] { " .( 81 - $ i ) . " }$ ' OR " ; } } else if ( $i==43 or $ i==44 or $ i==45 ) { $ iii=0 ; for ( $ii=46 ; $ ii < 47 ; $ ii ++ ) { if ( $sql_sess [ $ii ] ==1 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ] { 1}[ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ ii - $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ]
{ 1}[0 - 1 ] {" .( 81 - $ ii ) . " }$ ' OR " ; $ iii ++ ; } } if ( $iii==0 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ]
{ 1}[ 0 - 1 ] { " .( 81 - $ i ) . " }$ ' OR " ; } } else if ( $i==47 or $ i==48 or $ i==49 ) { $ iii=0 ; for ( $ii=50 ; $ ii < 52 ; $ ii ++ ) { if ( $sql_sess [ $ii ] ==1 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ] { 1}[ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ ii - $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ]
{ 1}[0 - 1 ] {" .( 81 - $ ii ) . " }$ ' OR " ; $ iii ++ ; } } if ( $iii==0 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ]
{ 1}[ 0 - 1 ] { " .( 81 - $ i ) . " }$ ' OR " ; } } else if ( $i==52 or $ i==53 ) { $ iii=0 ; for ( $ii=54 ; $ ii < 56 ; $ii ++ ) { if ( $sql_sess [ $ii ] ==1 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ] { 1}[ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ ii - $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ]
{ 1} [ 0 - 1 ] { " .( 81 - $ ii ) . " }$ ' OR " ; $ iii ++ ; } } if ( $iii==0 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ]
{ 1}[ 0 - 1 ] { " .( 81 - $ i ) . " }$ ' OR " ; } } else if ( $i==56 or $ i==57 ) { $ iii=0 ; for ( $ii=58 ; $ ii <60 ; $ ii ++ ) { if ( $sql_sess [ $ii ] ==1 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ] { 1}[ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ ii - $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ]
{ 1}[0 - 1 ] {" .( 81 - $ ii ) . " }$ ' OR " ; $ iii ++ ; } } if ( $iii==0 ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ]
{ 1}[0 - 1 ] {" .( 81 - $ i ) . " }$ ' OR " ; } } else {
//if( $i!=21 and $ i!=22 and $ i!=23 and $ i!=24 and // $ i!=46 and $ i!=50 and $ i!=51 and $ i!=54 and // $ i!=55 and $ i!=58 and $ i!=59 and $ i!=77 and // $ i!=78 and $ i!=79 and $ i!=80 and $ i!=81 ) if ( $i!=21 and $ i!=22 and $ i!=23 and $ i!=24 and $ i!=46 and $ i!=50 and $ i!=51 and $ i!=54 and $ i!=55 and $ i!=58 and $ i!=59 && !in_array ( $i , array ( 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14 ) ) ) { $ sql .= " `extras` REGEXP '^ [ 0 - 1 ] { " . ( $ i - 1 ) . " } [ 1 ]
{ 1}[0 - 1 ] {" .( 81 - $ i ) . " }$ ' OR " ; } } } } if ( $isnul== 'T ' ) { $ sql_sess = ' 00000000000000000000000000000000000000000 ' .
' 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000 ' ; } } if ( $sql_sess !='0000000000000000000000000000000000000000 '. ' 00000000000000000000000000000000000000000 ') { $ sql = $ sql. " `extras`= ' 1 ' " ; //$sql .= " 1 " ; } else { $ sql = " 1 " ; } $ Products Controller = new ProductsController ; $ arr = $ ProductsController -> getProducts ( $ dbo , $ sql , $ _GET ) ; $ smarty -> assign ( ' results_tpl ' , 1 ) ; if ( count ( $ arr [ ' catalog_arr ' ] ) > 0 ) { $ smarty -> assign ( ' catalog_arr ' , $ arr [ ' catalog_arr ' ] ) ; }
Images released today from NASA : " Multiple cameras on JPL 's MISR instrument on NASA 's Terra spacecraft were used to create two unique views of oil moving into Louisiana 's coastal wetlands . "
More details about what we 're seeing here :
The left - hand image contains data from MISR 's vertical - viewing camera .
It is shown in near - true color , except that data from the instrument 's near - infrared band , where vegetation appears bright , have been blended with the instrument 's green band to enhance the appearance of vegetation .
The Mississippi River delta is located below the image center .
The slick is seen approaching the delta from the lower right , and filaments of oil are also apparent farther to the north ( towards the top ) .
The oil is made visible by sun reflecting off the sea surface at the same angle from which the instrument is viewing it , a phenomenon known as sunglint .
Oil makes the surface look brighter under these viewing conditions than it would if no oil were present .
However , other factors can also cause enhanced glint , such as reduced surface wind speed .
To separate glint patterns due to oil from these other factors , additional information from MISR 's cameras is used in the right - hand image .
( CNN ) -- Football fans in Madrid are used to getting their way when it comes to attracting the world 's best talent .
Last summer , Real Madrid , the world 's most successful club , splashed out more than $ 200 million to bring former world players of the year Cristiano Ronaldo and Kaka to the city .
Now the city 's aquarium has launched an audacious bid to bring the unlikely star of the recent World Cup to the Spanish capital with a " name your price " offer for Paul the octopus -- the psychic cephalopod who correctly predicted Spain 's triumph at the tournament .
In an announcement on its blog Thursday , Madrid Zoo Aquarium said it had begun making the " necessary arrangements " for Paul 's transfer and had offered to beat any offer already on the table .
Zookeepers said they were also ready to offer other animals in exchange for the octopus and said Paul could expect the " best care " befitting of a national hero .
Paul , currently resident at the Sea Life Center in Oberhausen , Germany , not only predicted Spain 's win over the Netherlands in the final but also the team 's semifinal success against Germany .
Prior to that it had correctly predicted all five of Germany 's earlier results , and picked Germany to beat Uruguay in the third - place playoff , ending the tournament with a remarkable eight - for - eight record .
During each prediction , two mussel - filled acrylic boxes labeled with a team 's flag were lowered into his tank .
Whichever box he chose conveyed the winning team .
Sea Life staff in Oberhausen announced Paul 's retirement from the predictions game earlier this week but said they were considering a " host of offers from around the globe . "
PR guru Max Clifford told CNN that Paul could become the world 's first multimillion - pound octopus should his handlers choose to cash in on his global fame .
Paul :
The world 's first millionaire octopus ?
A federal judge in New Orleans , Louisiana , has blocked a six - month federal moratorium on deepwater drilling in the Gulf .
Several dozen plaintiffs had sued President Barack Obama 's administration , arguing the ban would create long - term economic harm to their businesses .
Obama ordered the moratorium after the April 20 explosion of an oil rig off Louisiana that killed 11 people and triggered an underwater oil gusher .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs says the government will immediately appeal the ruling to the 5th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals .
" The president strongly believes , as the Department of Interior and Department of Justice argued yesterday , that continuing to drill at these depths without knowing what happened is - does not make any sense and puts the safety of those involved , potentially puts safety of those on the rigs , and the safety of the environment and the Gulf at a danger that the president does not believe we can afford right now , " Gibbs said .
Read the ruling ( PDF )
ABUSE and harassment of homosexual , bisexual and transgendered people is rife in Queensland , a new study shows .
A survey of 1100 lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender , intersex and queer ( LGBTIQ ) people by Griffith and Bond University researchers found the overwhelming majority had been victims of targeted harassment as well as physical and sexual abuse .
And attitudes towards them are n't changing , with 53 per cent saying they had been victimised in the past two years .
Details of the study and recommendations have been compiled in a book , Speaking Out : Stopping Homophobic and Transphobic Abuse in Queensland , to be released in Brisbane on June 9 .
Griffith University researcher Dr Alan Berman said respondents reported being abused while in public , the workplace , school and university .
`` The majority of perpetrators are likely to be young males with no prior relationship to the victim , raising questions about the links between homophobic and transphobic abuse and insecure concepts of masculinity on the part of offenders , '' Dr Berman said .
The report found 75 per cent of LGBTIQs who were victims did n't report the harassment or attacks to authorities nor seek professional assistance .
Meanwhile , LGBTIQs living in certain parts of Queensland are more at risk .
Of the respondents in Brisbane , 72 per cent reported harassment or violence in the last two years .
The figure was 50 per cent on the Sunshine Coast , 40 per cent in north Queensland and 38 per cent on the Gold Coast .
The report , prepared with Bond University researcher Dr Shirleene Robinson , makes 36 recommendations , including a television advertising campaign promoting LGBTIQ as an asset for the state .
Dr Berman also wants to see hate crime become a criminal offence , with tough penalties .
``Law alone does not change the rate of crime - there needs to be a change in law enforcement agencies ' culture and the general population 's attitudes to prevent such devastating crimes , '' Dr Berman said .
Homophobic comments by former Brisbane Lion Jason Akermanis have also put the issue back in the spotlight .
In his newspaper column in May in The Herald Sun , Akermanis said the AFL was n't ready for openly gay players and urged them to stay in the closet .
Dr Berman said Akermanis 's comments could have dangerous consequences for LGBTIQs .
`` He 's condoning their vilification , '' Dr Berman said .
``People who have a propensity to violence will hear that and it will reinforce their already homophobic attitude and encourage them to commit acts of violence . ''
An inappropriate picture was briefly published on an earlier version of this article .
It was removed on the editor 's instruction .
We apologise for any offence caused .
- Ed
Two more Senate Democrats called for extending tax cuts for all earners — including those with the highest incomes — in what appears to be a breakdown of the party 's consensus on the how to handle the expiration of Bush - era tax cuts .
Sen. Kent Conrad ( D. , N.D. ) said in an interview Wednesday that Congress should n't allow taxes on the wealthy to rise until the economy is on a sounder footing .
Sen. Ben Nelson ( D. , Neb . ) said through a spokesman that he also supported extending all the expiring tax cuts for now , adding that he wanted to offset the impact on federal deficits as much as possible .
They are the second and third Senate Democrats to come out publicly in recent days in favor of extending all the tax breaks for the time being .
Sen. Evan Bayh ( D. , Ind. ) made similar comments last week .
" As a general rule , you do n't want to be cutting spending or raising taxes in the midst of a downturn , " Mr. Conrad said .
" We know that very soon we 've got to pivot and focus on the deficit .
But it probably is too soon to cut spending or raise taxes . "
A new report finds that more than 1 million American households are likely to lose their homes to foreclosure this year , a surge that remains a crippling drag on the housing market .
In all , it 's estimated that 1.7 million American homeowners received foreclosure notices during the first six months of this year .
Who or what is fueling the growing foreclosure crisis ?
Read the story here .
Share your thoughts .
First , answer our question below .
Then click " Leave a Comment . "
This is not a scientific poll .
A recently leaked document ( PDF ) by La Quadrature du Net reveals that European Union ( EU ) negotiators want criminal sanctions introduced into the international Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) .
Chapter 2 of the proposed ACTA treaty states that " each party shall provide for effective proportionate and dissuasive penalties " which would include " imprisonment and monetary fines " for those caught in illicit activities such as music file - sharing .
( Source : laquadrature.net )
ACTA Treaty : Can Seize , Destroy Your PC , Electronics
According to the document , anyone believed to have " incited , aided and abetted " copyright infringement could be held liable .
Seizure of " any related materials and implements used in the commission of the alleged offence " -- which could lead to people having their PCs seized -- is also proposed by the European Union .
The UK Government , however , will oppose the attempt to criminalize illegal file sharing , citing that the penalties are not appropriate .
( Source : computeractive.co.uk )
UK Wants Better Enforcement of Existing Laws
A representative of the UK's Intellectual Property Office ( IPO ) told Computeractive that the UK is opposed to the creation of new criminal offenses , and suggests the treaty should provide a framework for better enforcement of existing laws .
( Source : computeractive.co.uk )
The EU and U.S. governments have pushed for the ACTA , which has been surrounded by controversy because little of its provisions are known by the public since talks have been held in secret .
As noted by Daily Tech , the UK 's decision not to support the most extreme U.S. and EU proposed copyright enforcement measures is a troublesome to the governments and corporate lobbyists that support this proposed legislation .
( Source : dailytech.com )
More Negotiations Expected in Six Months
ACTA negotiations , which began in October 2006 , have been taking place regularly between the EU , U.S. , Japan , Switzerland , Australia , New Zealand , South Korea , Canada and Mexico , allegedly to address copyright , counterfeiting , and other intellectual property issues .
According to Computeractive , more than 80 non-governmental organizations from all over the world have condemned the talks ' secrecy and strongly oppose ACTA .
( Source : computeractive.co.uk )
Lucerne , Switzerland was the site of the ninth round of negotiations .
More negotiations are expected to be held in about six months .
Visit Bill 's Links and More for more great tips , just like this one !
The Ruins on Tama Lake changed little since the last time I came to visit .
Perhaps the wooden huts of the Red Blossom restaurant have canted a little further towards collapse , and the walls of the Akasaka love hotel were holed and splintered a little more .
A new fence has gone up , with warnings of CCTV cameras watching 24/ 7 .
Wires dangle from the mock cameras , now only effective as scarecrows to the masses .
Red Blossom huts slide down the hillside in slow motion .
SY and I revisited these spots just as winter was ending and spring was taking hold this year , on a 4 - hour bike round - trip out of Tokyo .
While I darted in and out of the familiar ruins , she sat and pulled seed - pods out of her socks .
The grass there is thick with them , and they cling to fabric in their hundreds .
When you pick them off , you get sticky sappy fingers .
This is my first post all in Black and White .
One thing I notice is how forgiving Black and White is .
A shot I would`ve considered below par in color changes considerably in black and white .
Things that were distractingly colorful , or blandly uncolorful , can have a whole new life thanks to the de-contrasting / re-contrasting power of desaturation .
I`m sure there are many filters I could run on these photos to make them even better , but simply upping contrast and clipping blacks and whites has had a nice result I feel .
Rubble in the love hotel .
NBC Chrome Cleaner takes the stage .
Golden bath in a black tile love hotel suite .
Swamped with trash from inside , the love hotel .
Crumbling roof - line of the restaurant .
Last shot in vivid color , with red blossom petals falling into shot .
Caving in roof .
Still moment , meditation .
Canting .
See a curation of world ruins in the ruins gallery .
See my collection of Japanese ruins ( haikyo ) in the galleries :
[ album id=4 template=compact ]
Toronto Chiropractors
Thank you for visiting the website of Toronto Chiropractors Dr. Mark Halpern , Dr. Touraj Najafian , and Dr. Lauren Stethem with Focused On Health - a professional Toronto chiropractic clinic .
In practice as well as online , Dr. Halpern , Dr. Najafian and Dr. Stethem strive for excellence through superior patient treatment , education and satisfaction .
Within our website , Toronto and surrounding area residents will find all types of health and wellness related information including information about our office and services , chiropractic , back and neck pain , stress relief , work and auto injuries and much , much more .
We hope you enjoy the information within and share it with others .
Again , thank you for visiting www.thetorontochiropractor.com and remember to come back often .
Yours in health ,
Dr. Mark Halpern , D.C .
Dr. Touraj Najafian , D.C .
Dr. Lauren Stethem , D.C .
Doctors Mark Halpern , Touraj Najafian and Lauren Stethem 's goal is to effectively and passionately facilitate health and healing for their practice members .
We support and inspire people to keep their minds and bodies healthy .
We form a partnership with our practice members and encourage them to live the life of their dreams .
What is Brain Based Care ?
Current research is finding that the brain is involved in every aspect of human function .
This includes communication from the brain to the body as well as from the body to the brain .
This communication network includes major networks in the Heart ( Heart Brain ) and Digestive system ( Gut Brain ) .
True health and healing involves correcting any imbalances in the brain and the communication network .
Brain Based care will facilitate Healing , Eliminate Pain ( e.g. Back Pain , Neck Pain and Headaches ) and achieve Stress Relief from all forms of Stress ( Physical , Chemical & Emotional ) .
A Balanced Brain = Health and Healing
An Unbalanced Brain = Sickness and Disease
Flirt with your artificial intelligence pal .
She empathically listens to your stories and tries to be cheerful , or even useful .
Let your pet robot impress friends ...
She is still a rather young critter ... be kind to her .
Flirt with your artificial intelligence pal .
She empathically listens to your stories and tries to be cheerful , or even useful .
Let your pet robot impress friends ...
She is still a rather young critter ... be kind to her .
Show full description
Hide full description
' Drinking ' neat vodka through your EYE for a quick buzz ?
It sounds insane , but countless young people are risking their sight in this new craze
Even as drunken student antics go , it was , by any stretch of the imagination , a disturbing scene .
Surrounded by cheering rugby players , applauded by fellow members of the university netball team , 19 - year - old Melissa Fontaine tipped back her head and giggled as fellow drinkers in the Students '
Union bar pulled apart her eyelids and allowed them to pour a shot of vodka into her left eye .
' Vodka eyeballing ' , as it is known in student circles , is the latest drinking craze to sweep through Britain 's universities .
Those who do it claim that it induces feelings of drunkenness at break - neck speeds , providing an instant high .
Reckless :
A website clip of the ' vodka eyeballing ' craze that started in the U.S. and has now spread to the university party scene in Britain
But the devastating long - term damage it causes is becoming a major concern among doctors and university authorities who already worry that Britain 's student drinking culture is out of control .
Melissa , who left university last summer and is now 22 , believes they are right to be worried .
Her constantly watering left eye has been left permanently scarred by her antics .
More worryingly still , she has been warned that her eyesight may deteriorate further as she gets older .
' I'm in constant pain because of what I did , ' she says .
' And I 'm terrified that it will get worse .
I wish I could turn the clock back and change things .
But I can 't . '
It would be easy , of course , to dismiss Melissa as nothing more than a silly ' ladette ' .
But it is hard to reconcile that stereotype with the young woman she is today , fresh out of university in London with a first - class English degree , the privately - educated daughter of financiers , and an aspiring writer .
In short she is not the kind of young woman who might naturally be associated with Britain 's spiralling binge - drinking youth culture .
Scarred : Melissa Fontaine who regularly ' eyeballed vodka ' at university now has a permanently weeping and sore eye
The question is then , why would an intelligent , seemingly sensible woman do something so foolhardy and so grotesque as ' vodka eyeballing ' .
And what can be learnt from her story ?
It is a question she wrestles with every day .
' I know people will say that their son or daughter would n't do anything so stupid , but really I do n't think parents have any idea what goes on at university and what pressures their children will come under to do stupid things , ' says Melissa , who shares a flat with friends in South London .
' The student drinking culture has got completely out of hand and I know because I saw it .
I regarded myself as a normal , sensible teenager , but I got pulled into it myself . '
She has n't yet told her parents about her eye .
' I 've put off telling them about it before now because I did n't want to worry them , ' she says simply , but it 's not hard to imagine how distressed they will be .
Leaving home for the first time and going to university plunged Melissa into a world of almost unchecked social high - jinks .
' Being at university is like being in a bubble , ' she claims .
' You live for the moment .
It 's very carefree .
You want to try new things and do n't think about what will happen afterwards . '
Looking back , she can see how she put common sense to one side as she tried to fit in with the other students .
The social environment at university was , she says , ' bawdy and competitive ' .
For those who did sports , it was even more so .
When she joined the netball team , she had no idea that her drinking skills off the court would be as scrutinised as her agility on it .
Overnight , she found herself swiftly drawn into the university drinking culture .
' I 'm in constant pain because of what I did '
' It 's especially difficult if you do sports because the element of competition you see in your game is transferred to the bar , ' she says .
' I felt very pressured at the beginning .
When we were travelling back from a game on the coach , there was a tradition whereby you had to down lots of port . '
The weekly ' Athletics Union ' nights held in the Students ' Union bar were even more depraved .
' The rugby players were the worst , ' she says .
' But because of feminism , you 're expected , as a woman , to keep up with them .
The guys set a precedent and you have to follow .
That 's what drives the whole ladette culture .
Women believing they have to be equal in every single way . '
What made matters worse for Melissa was that , by her own admission , she has always been highly competitive .
It is a trait that in other areas of her life , her schooling , exams , has served her well .
Under the influence of alcohol , it was disastrous .
Challenged to undergo a ' vodka eyeball ' , she was determined to impress her friends .
' Vodka eyeballing ' is believed to have emerged as a dangerous trend in the U.S. , where it is a popular nightclub trick performed by waitresses for tips in resorts such as Las Vegas .
Insane : A barmaid in America ' drinks ' vodka through her eyeball for extra tips
Critics have also blamed the 2000 film Kevin And Perry Go Large , starring Harry Enfield as ' Kevin the Teenager ' , for encouraging the practice .
In the film , actor Rhys Ifans plays a character called DJ Eyeball Paul , who performs the stunt in nightclubs .
While medical experts say it is still a relatively new phenomenon , a quick glance at the internet reveals how rife it has become among young drinkers in Britain .
The website YouTube , for example , features more than 800 clips of young men and women pouring vodka into their eyes - usually in their own homes .
And these are just the ones stupid enough to film themselves and post their clips online .
Another woman I spoke to this week recalled seeing her former boss , a senior figure at a well - known advertising agency , ' drinking ' vodka through his eye at an advertising party .
There are also pages on Facebook and other social networking sites set up by ' fans ' of ' eyeballing ' , in which people seem to revel in the dramatic inebriation which seems to follow this dangerous practice .
In Scotland , concerns have been expressed by charities and campaign groups over a similar stunt using the highly alcoholic cinnamon - flavoured schnapps Aftershock instead of vodka .
Certainly , in recent years , ' eyeballing ' has become a regular feature in university bars which are often run by students themselves and therefore difficult to police .
Peer pressure :
Even respected , intelligent students from normal , sensible backgrounds are vodka eyeballing
Melissa was partly reassured by the fact that many of her peers were doing it .
' I saw people I respected , intelligent students from normal , sensible backgrounds like me , behaving like this .
I know it sounds stupid , but it made you feel it was OK .
You felt that if other people were doing it with no serious side - effects , then somehow you were all right .
' I felt very buoyed up by everyone else .
Your inhibitions have gone .
It was exciting to push yourself .
' It 's almost a test of endurance in front of your peers '
' People will wonder why you 'd do something so unpleasant to yourself , but it 's almost a masochistic thing , a test of your endurance in front of your peers . '
Not surprisingly , the pain was excruciating .
' It did sting .
It was really painful .
But bearing the pain is part of the competitiveness .'
Devotees claim that ' vodka eyeballing ' induces drunkenness faster than drinking it can , because it passes easily through the mucous membrane and enters the bloodstream directly through veins at the back of the eye , although some experts are sceptical about the claims and believe that since those who do it are usually already drunk , they simply convince themselves that it 's having such an effect .
Professor Robin Touquet , consultant in emergency medicine at St Mary 's Hospital , Paddington , says : ' At 40 per cent pure ethanol , vodka in the eye would create inflammation and thrombosis - clotting of the blood vessels - such that very little alcohol would be absorbed .
Unlike the stomach , the eye does not have a gastro - intestinal lining to protect it and aid absorption .
' I am absolutely horrified that someone would even think of putting vodka in their eye .
It 's self - abuse .
' In the past , vodka has been used as a disinfectant .
At 40 per cent proof , imagine what it can do to an area as sensitive as the eye ?
It is highly toxic .
' Poured into the eye over a period of time , it could cause serious damage to both the cornea and the sclera , the white of the eye . '
Masochistic test :
The dangerous practice is very painful , but young people often bear it as part of the competitiveness
Irreversible damage : Doctors say the vodka is so corrosive that it literally sears its way through the cornea of the eye
Not surprisingly then , the following morning after her first ' vodka eyeball ' , Melissa 's eye was severely bloodshot and sore .
' The pain went on for a long time , but I thought it was partly due to my hangover . '
Nevertheless , she underwent the process again and again .
In the weeks that followed , it became her party trick .
' I was very competitive , ' she admits .
' Some people might do it once or twice - I did it quite a lot .
I do n't think I did more than three shots in a night , but I 've got so much alcohol - related amnesia that I have completely blank periods of memory . '
On one level , of course , it is hard to comprehend how an intelligent young woman could be so irresponsible .
But what is clear too is that Melissa 's story is by no means unique .
' Vodka eyeballing was quite mainstream really , ' she says .
' It went on all the time .
Men and women were doing it .
It was mostly the men , but the more competitive girls were trying to keep up with them .
There was a sense that it was harmless fun .
And although it was going on in the students ' union bar , it was mostly run by students . '
It took only a month for Melissa to realise that she had damaged her eye .
' It got more and more sore and bloodshot , ' she says .
' It was as if I had conjunctivitis all the time .
It was sore and weepy , very sensitive .
I was really frightened .'
Not surprisingly , her doctor was stunned when she went to see him .
Melissa , who previously had perfect eyesight , was referred to an ophthalmologist , who told her that she had permanent scarring on the cornea of her left eye .
' She 'd heard about vodka eyeballing going on in America , but she 'd never seen a case in Britain , ' says Melissa .
' She said vodka was so corrosive that it had literally seared its way through the cornea .
But there was nothing she could do .
You can't repair the cornea .
I 've been told it could lead to complications and can cause blindness , which is terrifying .
' At the moment , my vision is blurred in that eye , but that 's because it 's watering all the time .
It 's really sore and weepy .
I 've got used to the pain now .
I just have to bear it .
I do n't think people can tell looking at me , but it is more bloodshot than the other one .
It 's never a clear white colour .
It 's hard to wear eye make - up because if anything goes in it , it 's really painful and starts watering . '
Alarmingly , some of her friends have also suffered after - effects .
' I 've told them to seek medical help , but they 're too scared , ' she says .
Melissa is speaking out now because she wants to warn other students of the dangers and the pressures of the university drinking culture .
' The damage I 've done to my eye is irrevocable .
It 's like someone damaging their liver .
I really do want to get the message across , ' she says .
She still drinks alcohol although never vodka , but keeps within the recommended NHS limits .
' I can't bear not feeling in control now , ' she says .
' I hate the fact that there are nights out , periods of time that I simply can't remember . '
But there are also things that she can't forget .
And while most people are able to put their youthful misdemeanours behind them , Melissa is reminded of hers every day , with every blink of her eye .
Chicago is the cornerstone of Young Nero ’s musical output .
As an artist he has been making a name for himself both in and out of the windy city .
When it comes to luxury flexing nobody does it quite like Young Nero .
“ Check a bag ” is the newest single off the upcoming “ Molly ” mixtape .
We ’re really feeling this track , let us know you liked it in the comments below .
Another day , another fiasco for Sarah Palin .
Technicians and reporters give a critique of her speech which is caught live .
Sarah Jones at Politicsususa gives her take :
OK , people .
I tweeted Palin ’s CSU Stanislaus speech tonight so you would n’t have to listen .
I thought it was going well ( sliding scale ) , and breathed a sigh of relief for her when it ended … only to be SHOCKED by hearing reporters discussing her performance in a brutally frank manner , reminiscent of Peggy Noonan ’s open mic debacle regarding Palin .
Of course , Peggy ’s open mic moment left us wondering why the pundits were not being honest with us about Palin .
Clearly they knew she was n’t up to the task of Vice President .
But I digress ….
As we know , where ever Sarah goes , drama follows .
During the live mic drama at the end , the reporters said now they know that her “ dumbness does n’t come from soundbites ” and wondered if she had finished ONE statement , but decided , no she had not .
They laughed derisively and made jokes about having to text their conservative friends about this .
Other various comments :
“ I feel like I just got off a rollercoaster . ”
“ She did n’t finish a statement . ”
“ I do n’t know how you ’re gonna make a story out of that . ”
“ Well , that ’s the story . ”
“ Did she even make a point ? ”
“ Lots of Reagan . ”
“ Just put as many random quotes in as you can . ”
" The Zombies Are Coming To Town ! "
Zombies invade a small - town & attack the film crew !
Where does the story end and the real terror begin ?
Find out !
Help us fund our post - production !
Special By By Ann Garrison Jun 7 , 2010 in Politics Minnesota Law Professor and international criminal lawyer Peter Erlinder has gone back to jail in Kigali , Rwanda , where he was arrested on May 28th .
A Rwandan judge denied bail on Monday afternoon .
Peter Erlinder speaking on 22 May 2010 in Brussels from ICTR Legacy on Vimeo .
The Minnesota law professor traveled to Rwanda to defend embattled presidential candidate Victoire Ingabire Umuhoza against what he called trumped up charges , including " genocide ideology , " a speech crime unique to Rwanda which he is now accused of as well .
Just before flying there , Erlinder spoke about what he considered distortions in the received history of the 1994 Rwanda Genocide and its aftermath , at the Second International Criminal Defense Lawyers ' Conference in Brussels , Belgium .
Victoire Ingabire Umuhoza , presidential candidate of Rwanda 's FDU - Inkingi Party , whom Peter Erlnder flew to Rwanda to defend against charges he is now facing himself .
She has been warned that she will be arrested again if she continues to speak to the press , and now her Rwandan lawyer , Theogene Muhayeyezu , has been arrested as well .
FDU - Inkingi Party here .
The U.S. State Department has called for Erlinder 's release on humanitarian grounds , but not because he has a right to freedom of speech , as Professor Erlinder and his lawyers have insisted .
Freedom of speech is a right guaranteed to Commonwealth countries , and Rwanda became a member of the Commonwealth in November 2009 .
Erlinder is also a U.S. citizen in a nation , Rwanda , supported with hundreds of millions of dollars in U.S.assistance annually .
Many of his supporters have thus argued that the U.S. State Department could and should , as a donor nation , insist on his release .
Others have said that the State Department is not likely to want to see Professor Erlinder released because , if he is , he will continue to criticize its recent history and that of the Pentagon in Rwanda , with the support of evidence collected in his Erlinder 's American lawyer Erlinder 's defense team includes two Kenyan lawyers , and one Rwandan .
The Rwanda News Agency also reported that Erlinder will be eligible to appeal in five days .
Erlinder 's friends , family , and supporters had awaited the decision all weekend .
Some responded in shock ; others called the ruling predictable because Erlinder 's critique of the received history of the Rwanda Genocide , the Congo War , and U.S. and U.K. involvement , threatens too many powerful people .
The Minnesota law professor traveled to Rwanda to defend embattled presidential candidate Victoire Ingabire Umuhoza against what he called trumped up charges , including " genocide ideology , " a speech crime unique to Rwanda which he is now accused of as well .
Just before flying there , Erlinder spoke about what he considered distortions in the received history of the 1994 Rwanda Genocide and its aftermath , at the Second International Criminal Defense Lawyers ' Conference in Brussels , Belgium .
The Rwandan News Agency reported the judge 's ruling on Monday afternoon in Kigali .
Judge Morris Mbishibishi , who handed down the ruling , is the same Gasabo Intermediate Court judge who , on Friday , postponed ruling until today .
KPFA Radio News reported on the case , and the pending decision on Sunday , June 6th .
To listen click The U.S. State Department has called for Erlinder 's release on humanitarian grounds , but not because he has a right to freedom of speech , as Professor Erlinder and his lawyers have insisted .
Freedom of speech is a right guaranteed to Commonwealth countries , and Rwanda became a member of the Commonwealth in November 2009 .
Erlinder is also a U.S. citizen in a nation , Rwanda , supported with hundreds of millions of dollars in U.S.assistance annually .
Many of his supporters have thus argued that the U.S. State Department could and should , as a donor nation , insist on his release .
Others have said that the State Department is not likely to want to see Professor Erlinder released because , if he is , he will continue to criticize its recent history and that of the Pentagon in Rwanda , with the support of evidence collected in his The Rwanda Documents Project .
Erlinder 's American lawyer Kurt Kerns said , " We lost and obviously we 're gravely disappointed .
We 're working on the best appeal we can right now .
" Erlinder 's defense team includes two Kenyan lawyers , and one Rwandan .
The Rwanda News Agency also reported that Erlinder will be eligible to appeal in five days .
More about Rwanda , Erlinder , Ingabire More news from rwanda erlinder ingabire
Class And Race Combinations That Break The Mold
Certain class and race combinations in D&D just seem to make sense .
They are the old favourites and the stereotypes that define the genre .
We know them all , the sturdy Dwarven Fighter , the nimble Elven archer , the cunning Halfling Rogue and so on .
These combinations are fun to play because they work and they are safe .
Occasionally , a new wrinkle will be added to give these old classics some new flavour .
One of our original articles discussed Overplayed Characters , today I want to look at combinations that are n’t typical .
I ’m sure there are many other combinations beyond the ones I present here .
The options listed below are ones where the racial attribute modifiers play towards the particular class or where engaging role playing opportunities are presented .
Dwarves
Dwarves are the best race and one of my favourite races in D&D .
I was surprised at some of the similarities that Dwarves share with Elves when I took a look at some of the combinations here .
These two races are often seen as having an historic feud , so recognizing that both excel at similar classes was refreshing .
Dwarves are known for being stoic Fighters .
One of the greatest fantasy stereotypes is the Dwarven axe - wielding Fighter .
While this stereotype exists for a reason , Dwarves are also very good at certain other roles .
I ’m constantly astounded by the versatility that this race provides when it comes to class choice .
In addition to melee combat , Dwarves excel at several primal and divine classes .
The Seeker , Druid and Invoker all work off of Dwarves bonus to Wisdom .
Dwarven Druid ’s are n’t the typical stereotype that are associated with this race .
Nor are longbow wielding forces of nature the typical thought we have of Dwarves , but the Seeker is a great fit for this race .
Another interesting options that keeps the Dwarf in the martial tradition is the Ranger .
With the racial modifier to Wisdom that Dwarves receive , the secondary modifier for this class is well in hand .
The Dwarf bonus to Constitution makes a great melee Ranger , but I think a ranged option could also have some intriguing possibilities .
Halfling
The first class that comes to mind when I think Halfling is the Rogue .
However , this need not be the case .
In fact there are a great deal of classes that work with the Halflings attributes and they are far from typical , though some of them still incorporate the mischievous nature of this race .
While the Halfling could be adept at any number of roles the Sorcerer and Warlock both fit perfectly into the mold of a character who is looking to have a little fun at the expense of his foes .
Halflings are n’t typically known for being connected to the arcane power source , but these two classes fit nicely with the bonus to Charisma that the Halfling receives .
Another interesting choice for the Halfling is the Paladin .
The Halfling Charisma bonus ties in nicely with the Paladin ’s secondary attributes .
To me this combination presents some interesting role playing possibilities .
The Halfling stereotype does n’t portray most Halflings as being very serious and the Paladin is seen as a class that almost takes itself too seriously .
Some fun and interesting opportunities present themselves to me with this combination .
What drove the Halfling to the life of a crusader on behalf of a deity ?
Warforged
Created for war , this race best fits within the martial tradition .
Two interesting class choices for this race that has been created are the Cleric and the Wizard .
The Cleric is an interesting choice as the Warforged are created in the forge and developing a relationship with a deity makes for a very interesting back story full of great role playing opportunity .
How did the character come to faith ?
How do they reconcile being created to being born ?
The Wizard offers another great role playing opportunity for a race created through arcane power , but built for just the opposite purpose .
How did the character develop his understanding of arcane power ?
While neither of these classes builds on the Warforged racial bonuses they present great role playing possibilities .
Additionally , these two builds could result in well rounded and balanced characters .
What other class and race combinations break the traditional mold that you ’ve had fun playing with ?
Looking for instant updates ?
Subscribe to the Dungeon ’s Master feed !
Pin 304 306 Shares
Random thoughts on the G20 , the Toronto Police , the ongoing protests over the whole shebang :
First , journalism is not merely a collective of the self - anointed .
For all that it may not be a regulated profession , neither is it just a coming together of people with cellphones , video cameras and blogs as receptacle for an apparently endless stream of unfiltered , unedited consciousness .
Story continues below advertisement
In other words , just as you are not a physician or a lawyer merely because you say you are , much as you may want to believe it so , neither are you a journalist because you and your friends say you are or because your " writings " appear on a website .
You will have heard reports of various independent / alternative journalists who claim to have been illegally detained and threatened by the police .
Four of them , for instance , have formally complained to the office of the independent police review director , and as the insufferable Lieutenant Horatio Caine says ad nauseam on CSI : Miami , let us follow the evidence on that .
I am all in favour of their complaints , and anyone else 's , being investigated , and I reserve my opinion on how well they were treated by the authorities , or not , until that verdict is in .
But let us not pretend that these folks are working journalists or that they are the equivalent .
They are n't , for the most part .
Their work is n't subject to editing or lawyering or the ethical code which binds , for example , the writers at The Globe .
The websites on which they appear do n't belong , as do most reputable newspapers in this province , to the Ontario Press Council , a body which hears complaints against traditional journalists and publications .
We in the mainstream media make plenty of mistakes and bad calls , even given the safeguards ( layers of editors and other sets of eyes reading our copy ; lawyers too , in some instances ; established standards ) that are in place .
Why should an alternative journalist ( self - anointed , often with a demonstrable political agenda ) be automatically assumed to be an infallible truth - teller or always accurate ?
Story continues below advertisement
Second , the press pass does n't grant even traditional journalists carte blanche access everywhere .
In the midst of a riot , it is not a shield that can be waved to keep either police or rioters at bay .
It is neither an avoid - jail nor get - out - of - jail - free card .
One does n't get to cross the yellow tape at a crime scene in order to have a really good look at the dead body even if one has a press pass .
One does n't get into cabinet meetings because one has a press pass .
One does n't get to march into the judge 's chambers and sit in on the lawyers ' private discussions that go on there because one has a press pass .
Etc. , etc .
Media accreditation sometimes allows reporters to go where the general public can't , such as sports dressing rooms and backstage at concerts and the like ; it may give us better seats ( as in a courtroom , where there may be a press row , or at a sports event , where there is a press box ) ; it may get us closer to the action or the participants in the action .
Period .
Thus , in the G20 protests , journalists , real or self - appointed , traditional or otherwise , had no special rights to go where we wanted and no special badge of protection against arrest .
Story continues below advertisement
Third , I would point out that the area north of the Ontario Legislature was indeed designed as a protest area during the summit .
It was never , however , meant to function as a no - go zone , to which the darling practitioners of the Black Bloc arts could retreat unchallenged and un-interfered with by the police to change clothes so that they might blend back with the regular crowd .
Fourth , since with the wisdom of hindsight it is now apparent that everyone knew that the anarchists / Black Bloc types would try to wreak havoc on the city , why are the organizers of the legitimate protests not being questioned about their accountability ?
They too presumably knew - as did police and security forces - that their peaceful demonstrations likely would be disrupted ; what steps did they take to stop such a hijacking ?
Fifth , in Toronto Star lingo , since " the sweeping powers " granted the police via the " secret " law saw them , according to Toronto Chief Bill Blair , arrest exactly one ( 1 ) person under the temporary regulation to the Public Works Protection Act , is n't the angst - ridden , hyperbolic debate rendered , as someone brighter than me remarked recently , nothing but an intellectual exercise ?
It would quite one thing if the 1,000 folks who were detained on G20 weekend were detained under the temporary regulation .
The discussion would be meaningful .
But when it's all said and done , it will turn out that most of those detained were arrested for breach of the peace or to prevent a breach of the peace , which is an arrest authority , not a criminal charge .
Story continues below advertisement
In my view , it 's a vile authority too , generally speaking easily misused by police , and it may have been misused here as well .
But the point is , it was n't under the new secret sweeping power , which was only partly secret and not very sweeping .
It was under long - established common - law police authorities , such as arresting people for breach of the peace or to prevent a breach of the peace that has yet to take place , that most people were picked up .
You want to be angry about something , be angry about that .
Finally , how amusing it is to see Toronto , press and public alike , whip themselves into a frenzy of outrage over alleged police inaction and then alleged police overreaction , when all of this , in terms even more stark , happened in Caledonia , Ont. , from 2006 onwards , and no one gave a fig .
Ellen Dunst
As Americans , we have a right to question our government and its actions .
However , while there is a time to criticize , there is also a time to follow in complacent silence .
And that time is now .
Advertisement
It 's one thing to question our leaders in the days leading up to a war .
But it is another thing entirely to do it during a war .
Once the blood of young men starts to spill , it is our duty as citizens not to challenge those responsible for spilling that blood .
We must remove the boxing gloves and put on the kid gloves .
That is why , in this moment of crisis , I should not be allowed to say the following things about America :
Why do we purport to be fighting in the name of liberating the Iraqi people when we have no interest in violations of human rights — as evidenced by our habit of looking the other way when they occur in China , Saudi Arabia , Indonesia , Syria , Burma , Libya , and countless other countries ?
Why , of all the brutal regimes that regularly violate human rights , do we only intervene militarily in Iraq ?
Because the violation of human rights is not our true interest here .
We just say it is as a convenient means of manipulating world opinion and making our cause seem more just .
Advertisement
That is exactly the sort of thing I should not say right now .
This also is not the time to ask whether diplomacy was ever given a chance .
Or why , for the last 10 years , Iraq has been our sworn archenemy , when during the 15 years preceding it we traded freely in armaments and military aircraft with the evil and despotic Saddam Hussein .
This is the kind of question that , while utterly valid , should not be posed right now .
Advertisement
And I certainly will not point out our rapid loss of interest in the establishment of democracy in Afghanistan once our fighting in that country was over .
We sure got out of that place in a hurry once it became clear that the problems were too complex to solve with cruise missiles .
That sort of remark will simply have to wait until our boys are safely back home .
Advertisement
Here 's another question I wo n't ask right now : Could this entire situation have been avoided in the early 1990s had then - U.S. ambassador to Iraq April Glaspie not been given sub rosa instructions by the Bush Administration to soft - pedal a cruel dictator ?
Such a question would be tantamount to sedition while our country engages in bloody conflict .
Just think how hurtful that would be to our military morale .
I know I could n't fight a war knowing that was the talk back home .
Is this , then , the appropriate time for me to ask if Operation Iraqi Freedom is an elaborate double - blind , sleight - of - hand misdirection ploy to con us out of inconvenient civil rights through Patriot Acts I and II ?
Should I wonder whether this war is an elaborate means of distracting the country while its economy bucks and lurches toward the brink of a full - blown depression ?
No and no .
Advertisement
True patriots know that a price of freedom is periodic submission to the will of our leaders — especially when the liberties granted us by the Constitution are at stake .
What good is our right to free speech if our soldiers are too demoralized to defend that right , thanks to disparaging remarks made about their commander - in - chief by the Dixie Chicks ?
When the Founding Fathers authored the Constitution that sets forth our nation 's guiding principles , they made certain to guarantee us individual rights and freedoms .
How dare we selfishly lay claim to those liberties at the very moment when our nation is in crisis , when it needs us to be our most selfless ?
We shame the memory of Thomas Jefferson by daring to mention Bush 's outright lies about satellite photos that supposedly prove Iraq is developing nuclear weapons .
Advertisement
At this difficult time , President Bush needs my support .
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld needs my support .
General Tommy
Franks needs my support .
It is not my function as a citizen in a participatory democracy to question our leaders .
And to exercise my constitutional right — nay , duty — to do so would be un-American .
The best thing ever .
Literally !
I love you style and I think you have now compelled me under Iron Man / Samus love story !
I really do n't like kids and I purse for fictional pairings including children but here the little Iron Samus works perfectly .
Like extra sweet icing on the best chocolate cake you 've ever had !
BTW this strip is going around on its own in Tumblr and it's very loved there !
In a day it had reached over 3000 notes ( aka likings ) .
You should check that out !
I reblogged the strip and added your info , linking this into the Tumblr version as soon as I found out who was the artists behind this awesome story !
You see the note count on the down right corner when you scroll down the picture .
by clicking the note number you can view the notes and read comments by clicking them .
The chairman of the Republican Party suggested last week that the Afghanistan war was a " war of Obama 's choosing " but Sen.
Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) does n't think that 's necessarily a bad thing for Republicans .
At a Republican Party fundraiser Thursday , Chairman Michael Steele told supporters that the war was probably a " lost cause . "
This caused many hawkish Republicans to question Steele 's future as chairman .
Liz Cheney , Bill Kristol and Rep. Tom Cole all called for Steele to resign .
Fox News ' Major Garrett asked Lieberman Sunday if Steele 's remarks " undermined the ability of the Republican Party to effectively join and continue to participate in this debate on Afghanistan . "
" No , I think we had a kind of positive boomerang effect here , " answered Lieberman .
" There was such a stern reaction from Republican leaders to Michael Steele 's comments , which has I say he retracted that I think you now -- I think the Republican Party gives me encouragement to believe they 'll take the high road and not make a partisan political fight out of a war in Afghanistan or try to take advantage politically of a war that will get tough , " said Lieberman .
" The reaction from some of the leading Republican spokespeople to me is heartening , which is no .
We have to win in Afghanistan .
It 's important to America 's security and freedom .
If we lose here , if we pull out , it will energize the radical Islamist , extremist groups , the terrorist groups around the world , " he said .
Senate Republicans on Thursday once again blocked legislation to reinstate long - term unemployment benefits for people who have exhausted their aid , prolonging a stalemate that has left more than a million people without federal help .
With the Senate apparently paralyzed by partisan gridlock , the fate of the aid , as well as tax breaks for businesses and $ 16 billion in aid for cash - strapped states , remains unclear .
California and dozens of other states are hoping for federal aid to help balance their budgets .
Republican lawmakers — joined by Democrat Ben Nelson of Nebraska — maintained a unified front to sustain a filibuster of the $ 110 - billion bill .
The vote was 57 to 41 ; the majority was three short of the 60 needed to cut off debate and bring the bill to a final vote .
Democrats said they would give no further ground and put the onus on Republicans to make concessions .
Advertisement
“ If there were ever evidence that this is the party of no , this is it , ” said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) , who added that several governors would be arriving in Washington next week to make the case for the bill to help states , businesses and those who have been out of work more than six months .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) disputed Reid ’s characterization .
“ The only thing Republicans have opposed in this debate are job - killing taxes and adding to the national debt , ” he said .
The unemployment extension would add about $ 30 billion to the national debt .
Democrats say all the provisions in the bill are offset by spending cuts and tax increases except the jobless benefits , which Congress traditionally has approved as an emergency without looking for a way to pay for them .
Benefits for the long - term unemployed lapsed at the end of May because of the congressional stalemate .
In a statement , the White House vowed to keep pushing for the bill .
“ The president has been clear : Americans should not fall victim to Republican obstruction at a time of great economic challenge for our nation ’s families , ” Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said .
Advertisement
It was the third time in two weeks that Democrats failed to circumvent unified GOP opposition , despite making a series of changes to accommodate complaints about deficit spending .
The latest bill was a pared - back version of the $ 140 - billion measure approved by the House .
Last week , Democrats agreed to slash unemployment benefits by $ 25 billion to cut costs .
In the latest version , Democrats scaled back funding for Medicaid aid to states .
The Labor Department estimates that more than 1.2 million long - term unemployed will have lost their benefits by the end of this week .
Democrats did succeed in moving one spending bill Thursday , with the House of Representatives voting unanimously to delay for five months a 21 % cut in what Medicare pays doctors .
That ends , for now , a tortured congressional debate over how to protect seniors ’ access to medical care without driving the federal government deeper into debt .
Advertisement
Under the legislation , Medicare , which covers more than 45 million mostly elderly Americans , will boost its physician payment rate by 2.2 % .
That bill , whose approximately $ 6.5 - billion price tag is offset by changes in hospital reimbursements and in the way businesses pay into their pension funds , was approved unanimously in the Senate last week and is expected to be quickly signed by the president .
For now , that will diffuse a brewing crisis that had threatened to devastate doctors and drive many to stop taking Medicare patients just as the new healthcare law is supposed to be expanding access to healthcare .
But the temporary payment increase does not solve the underlying imbalance in the way Medicare pays doctors , which has intensified over the last decade as successive Congresses controlled by Republicans and Democrats have failed to impose more modest cuts .
Advertisement
After Nov. 30 , Medicare will impose another deep cut in payments to doctors unless Congress comes up with yet another measure to avert it .
Democrats and Republicans blamed each other for the persistent problem .
House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Henry A. Waxman ( D - Beverly Hills ) called the bill “ an embarrassment . ”
“ This should have been fixed permanently , ” he said on the House floor .
Neither party has been able to agree on a permanent solution without adding to the budget deficit , forcing a series of temporary fixes .
Advertisement
janet.hook@latimes.com
noam.levey@latimes.com
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , July 6 , 2010
Type the keywords “ Internet censorship ” into Google News and you will immediately understand to what degree the world wide web is under assault from attempts by governments globally to regulate and stifle free speech .
From Australia to Belarus , from Turkey to Vietnam , from Pakistan to Egypt , from Afghanistan to Iran , huge chunks of the Internet are going dark as the Chinese model of Internet regulation is adopted worldwide .
But why should Americans concern themselves with countries halfway across the globe adopting Chinese - style net censorship ?
Because under Senator Joe Lieberman ’s 197 - page Protecting Cyberspace as a National Asset Act , the United States would formally mimic China ’s “ great firewall ” of web censorship .
When Lieberman himself attempted to debunk claims that the bill provides Obama , and any following President for that matter , with a figurative ‘ kill switch ’ to disable certain parts of the Internet , he explained that the government was merely seeking to emulate powers over the Internet already enjoyed by the Communist Chinese .
Firstly , despite Lieberman ’s spin , the text of the bill clearly gives Obama the power to shut down the Internet for at least four months without Congressional oversight .
Secondly , and even more alarmingly , Lieberman ’s acknowledgement that the United States is seeking to emulate China ’s policies on Internet control confirm that the entire cybersecurity agenda is primarily concerned with silencing political opposition to the state , since this factor completely dominates the Chinese model which Lieberman openly invokes as the ultimate goal of cybersecurity .
China ’s vice - like grip over its Internet systems has very little to do with “ cybersecurity ” and everything to do with silencing all dissent against the state .
Chinese Internet censorship is imposed via a centralized government blacklist of any websites that contain criticism of the state , porn , or any other content deemed unsuitable by the authorities .
Every time you attempt to visit a website , you are re-routed through the government firewall , often making for long delays and crippling speeds .
China has exercised its power to shut down the Internet , something that Lieberman wants to introduce in the U.S. , at politically sensitive times in order to stem the flow of information about government abuse and atrocities .
During the anti-government riots which occurred in July 2009 , the Chinese government completely shut down the Internet across the entire northwestern region of Xinjiang for days .
In several regions , the authorities completely cut off the Internet for nearly a year , with many areas only now slowly starting to come back online .
Major news and discussion portals used by the Muslim Uighurs in the area remain blocked .
Similarly , Internet access in parts of Tibet is routinely restricted as part of government efforts to pre-empt and neutralize unrest .
Major websites like Twitter , Google and You Tube have also been shut down either temporarily or permanently by Chinese authorities .
News websites in China now require users to register their true identities in order to leave comments .
This abolition of anonymity is used to chill free speech in that it prevents the user from engaging in criticism of the state for fear that they would be tracked down by authorities .
Chinese authorities are now going further than merely maintaining a “ blacklist ” of banned websites by instituting a “ whitelist ” of allowed websites , a move that “ could potentially place much of the Internet off - limits to Chinese readers ” .
Websites not pre-registered with the government would be completely blocked to all Internet users , meaning “ millions of completely innocuous sites ” would be banned .
This equates to requiring government approval to set up a website , which would obviously not be granted if the person or organization making the application has a history of or is likely to engage in dissent against the state .
President Obama himself has criticized Chinese Internet censorship as a hindrance to the free flow of information and allowing citizens to hold their governments accountable , and yet Lieberman wants to hand Obama similar powers .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
The model Lieberman has identified as the goal of cybersecurity is centered around keeping people oppressed by eliminating any means of widespread dissent and preventing people from organizing politically .
It has nothing to do with providing security against foreign hackers and terrorists and everything to do with strangling free speech critical of the state .
However , this is not merely a war on free speech , it ’s a war on Internet anonymity .
Even if the government shuts down portions of the web , new networks are guaranteed to pop up to take their place .
Indeed , as people who have attempted to downplay concerns about the ‘ kill switch ’ have rightly pointed out , Obama could already attempt to shut down the Internet using the Communications
Act , the PCNAA legislation merely codifies this power formally into law .
The real threat posed by the wider cybersecurity agenda is the implementation of an individual identity system for all Internet users .
This is what was proposed by Obama ’s cybersecurity co-ordinator Howard Schmidt in a paper compiled with the aid of the National Security Council .
The strategy revolves around , “ The creation of a system for identity management that would allow citizens to use additional authentication techniques , such as physical tokens or modules on mobile phones , to verify who they are before buying things online or accessing such sensitive information as health or banking records , ” reports the FInancial Times .
Only with this government - issued “ token ” will Internet users be allowed to “ able to move from website to website , ” a system not too far removed from what China proposed and rejected for being too authoritarian .
So in this sense , the cybersecurity agenda will ensure a world wide web even more draconian than the Chinese model , where the threat of the government identifying individuals , now that anonymity is removed , who engage in “ hate speech ” critical of the government and revoking their license to use the Internet , will inevitably chill free speech from the very outset .
To trust the federal government with the power to regulate free speech by means of a licensing system for the Internet and not expect the state to abuse such power is the height of stupidity .
Cass Sunstein , Obama ’s information czar , openly wrote in a 2008 paper of his desire to combat “ conspiracy theories ” ( ie any information communicated primarily through the Internet which represents a threat to the image of the state ) by empowering the government to tax or even ban outright opinions of which it disapproves .
This is what cybersecurity is all about , eliminating the voices of the oppressed as big government seeks to quicken its takeover of America with the aid of silent obedience .
The cybersecurity assault on the Internet is also dovetailed with an attack from a slightly different angle .
Numerous private networks , from transport hubs , to libraries , to universities , to federal government agencies have installed filters that censor political websites which engage in the “ hate speech ” of dissenting against the state .
Since the entire Internet consists of a fusion of privately - owned networks controlled by corporations such as Verizon , AT&T and Qwest , how long before such filters are standardized ?
Lieberman ’s kill switch bill and the broader cybersecurity agenda has little to do with over hyped threats from foreign hackers and terrorists and everything to do with placing a muzzle on the last outpost of true free speech – the Internet .
The state wants to turn the world wide web into a clone of cable television , a sterile medium controlled almost entirely by mega corporations and regulated by FCC bureaucracy and red tape .
Your political blog , no matter how many millions of readers it has the potential to attract , has no place in this newly regulated Internet police state .
Tale action – call your Senator and demand that they vote against Lieberman ’s Protecting Cyberspace as a National Asset Act , or kiss your right to unrestricted , unregulated , and anonymous free speech on the Internet goodbye .
The bill has already been approved by the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee and is now awaiting a vote by the full Senate .
Find your Senator from the list here or call the Senate switchboard at ( 202 ) 224-3121 .
Tell your Senator ’s office that you will vote them out of office if he / she votes in favor of PCNAA .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Giant catch plucked from lake in Dorset may be the biggest goldfish ever found in Britain
Countless children have been delighted to win a tiny goldfish in a plastic bag when the fair comes to town .
Nick Richards has nicknamed his find Billy the goldfish .
Photograph : BNPS.co.uk
But 16 - year - old Nick Richards is celebrating after ending up with what may be the biggest goldfish ever caught in Britain – a 5 lb ( 2kg ) monster plucked from a lake in Poole , Dorset .
It is thought the 40 cm - long ( 16 in ) fish may have been abandoned after outgrowing a tank and have expanded in size since .
Richards , from Camberley , Surrey , was fishing for carp close to his parents ' holiday home when he noticed a flash of orange under the water .
He positioned his rod and bread bait close to the spot and seconds later began reeling in the mystery fish .
He said : " I 'd heard rumours there might be some big carp there and thought I 'd see for myself .
I was there for two days running and caught some big common carp .
" Then suddenly I saw this big orange fish cruising along the top of the lake .
At first I thought it must be a really fat koi carp , but when I saw it properly I realised it was a common goldfish – just like one you might keep as a pet .
" It looked like it was healthy and in good condition .
The lake is sheltered with plenty of food , so it 's doing pretty well .
Earlier in the day I 'd joked that if I caught a big fish I 'd call it Billy , so of course the goldfish got the name . "
The goldfish – Latin name Carassius auratus auratus – is usually small enough to be kept in a child 's aquarium but , as Billy shows , can grow much larger .
It has been kept as a pet in China for hundreds of years .
Ruth Lockwood , from the English Carp Heritage Organisation , said : " It 's difficult to confirm that it is the biggest ever caught in the UK because it is an ornamental fish and the record wo n't be recognised by the British Records Fish Committee . "
And the fate of Billy the goldfish ?
He 's back home .
" I put him back in the lake straight away , " said Richards .
" Some people have said that if I do catch him again though it might be an idea to give him to someone who has a big tank . "
AT&T announced some changes to the iPhone data plans , but iPad 3G owners are affected , too : AT&T is doing away with the $ 30 / month unlimited data plan .
Instead you 'll pay $ 25 / month for 2GB :
For new iPad customers , the $ 25 per month 2 GB plan will replace the existing $ 29.99 unlimited plan .
iPad customers will continue to pre-pay for their wireless data plan and no contract is required .
Existing iPad customers who have the $ 29.99 per month unlimited plan can keep that plan or switch to the new $ 25 per month plan with 2 GB of data .
Advertisement
The new data plan will kick in on June 7 , but the good news is that folks who have the unlimited plan before that time can grandfather it .
[ PR Newsswire ]
See how to check your monthly AT&T data usage here .
After getting to use Pizzahacker ’s perforated pizza peel , I decided to make a DIY version for myself .
The idea behind a perforated peel is that it reduces the amount of flour that gets underneath the dough when placing it in the oven ( too much flour will brown up and taste bitter ) , and possibly helps keep things from sticking by reducing the amount of friction underneath the dough .
Here are the steps I took to make mine ; results of how well it works will be posted shortly .
Materials needed :
- Aluminum pizza peel ( I ’m using a 12 ″ x14 ″ peel that works well for my oven and pizza size )
- Drill press
- Small drill bit ( about 1/16 ″ )
- Slightly larger drill bit ( ~3/16 ″ )
- Larger drill bit ( 3/8 ″ or 1/2 ″ ) or countersink drill bit
- Flat piece of cardboard ( I used a cereal box )
- Two printed pages of the perforation template ( PDF ) ( A grid I made that has the holes place every 1.5 cm . )
- Flat piece of scrap wood to go underneath the peel when drilling
- Pencil , masking tape , ruler and scissors
Step one :
Trace the outline of your peel on the cardboard .
Cut the coardboard to match the peel .
Find the halfway point ( left to right ) on the cardboard and mark it with a line .
Step two :
Place the center dot of the template printout to match with the center line on the cardboard .
The center dot is the seventh dot over .
I decided to leave a small gap in the front of the peel , so my placement had the printout taped to the cardboard portrait orientation , with the larger margin on the top edge .
The paper wo n’t be wide enough for the cardboard , so cut a strip from the second printout for the left and right side , and line it up with the dots on the first piece .
Tape in place , cut around the the cardboard and tape the whole thing to the peel .
Mark which holes you do n’t want to drill – I crossed them out with a pencil to leave a margin on the top and sides .
Step three :
Put the small bit into the drill press ( if you do n’t have a drill press , a hand drill will suffice but will add some tedium to the project ) .
Place the scrap piece of wood underneath the peel to help minimize distortion .
Slowly drill through each dot on the template .
With the 10 ″ drill press I was using , there was one small section in the center that I was unable to reach .
I decided to leave this as - is , instead of doing it by hand .
I do n’t think it will make a big difference .
Also , I used a small bucket as a riser for the handle of the peel , but make sure the level is pretty close – you want the surface to be as flat as possible so you do n’t end up bending the aluminum .
Step four :
Using the middle sized drill bit , carefully enlarge each hole .
At this point I started to wonder if I was going to compromise too much of the peel ’s strength so I opted for an alternating pattern of small holes and larger holes , with the front edge and both sides larger holes .
Step five :
Remove the cardboard template .
The top holes will look pretty good , but you ’ll have a fair amount of flanging coming off the drilled holes .
Using the largest of the three drill bits ( make sure it has a very slightly tapered head ) , VERY slowly drill the excess off the peel .
Bevel the edges by pressing just part way beyond the surface of the peel .
Do this for all the holes , flip and repeat on the back side – this will give you a nice smooth surface .
One thing not to do : wire brush on a grinder or drill .
This wo n’t take the flanging off the drilled holes , but will leave a roughed - up , pitted area .
That ’s it !
Perforated pizza peel ready for action .
Abstract
The consolidation of scientific knowledge proceeds through the interpretation and then distillation of data presented in research reports , first in review articles and then in textbooks and undergraduate courses , until truths become accepted as such both amongst “ experts ” and in the public understanding .
Where data are collected but remain unpublished , they cannot contribute to this distillation of knowledge .
If these unpublished data differ substantially from published work , conclusions may not reflect adequately the underlying biological effects being described .
The existence and any impact of such “ publication bias ” in the laboratory sciences have not been described .
Using the CAMARADES ( Collaborative Approach to Meta- analysis and Review of Animal Data in Experimental Studies ) database we identified 16 systematic reviews of interventions tested in animal studies of acute ischaemic stroke involving 525 unique publications .
Only ten publications ( 2 % ) reported no significant effects on infarct volume and only six ( 1.2 % ) did not report at least one significant finding .
Egger regression and trim - and - fill analysis suggested that publication bias was highly prevalent ( present in the literature for 16 and ten interventions , respectively ) in animal studies modelling stroke .
Trim - and - fill analysis suggested that publication bias might account for around one - third of the efficacy reported in systematic reviews , with reported efficacy falling from 31.3 % to 23.8 % after adjustment for publication bias .
We estimate that a further 214 experiments ( in addition to the 1,359 identified through rigorous systematic review ; non publication rate 14 % ) have been conducted but not reported .
It is probable that publication bias has an important impact in other animal disease models , and more broadly in the life sciences .
Author Summary Publication bias is known to be a major problem in the reporting of clinical trials , but its impact in basic research has not previously been quantified .
Here we show that publication bias is prevalent in reports of laboratory - based research in animal models of stroke , such that data from as many as one in seven experiments remain unpublished .
The result of this bias is that systematic reviews of the published results of interventions in animal models of stroke overstate their efficacy by around one third .
Nonpublication of data raises ethical concerns , first because the animals used have not contributed to the sum of human knowledge , and second because participants in clinical trials may be put at unnecessary risk if efficacy in animals has been overstated .
It is unlikely that this publication bias in the basic sciences is restricted to the area we have studied , the preclinical modelling of the efficacy of candidate drugs for stroke .
A related article in PLoS Medicine ( van der Worp et al. , doi:10.1371/journal.pmed.1000245 ) discusses the controversies and possibilities of translating the results of animal experiments into human clinical trials .
Citation : Sena ES , van der Worp HB , Bath PMW , Howells DW , Macleod MR ( 2010 ) Publication Bias in Reports of Animal Stroke Studies Leads to Major Overstatement of Efficacy .
PLoS Biol 8 ( 3 ) : e1000344 .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1000344
Academic Editor : Ian Roberts , London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine , United Kingdom Received : August 24 , 2009 ; Accepted : February 18 , 2010 ; Published : March 30 , 2010 Copyright : © 2010 Sena et al .
This is an open - access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License , which permits unrestricted use , distribution , and reproduction in any medium , provided the original author and source are credited .
Funding : We acknowledge financial support from the Scottish Chief Scientists ' Office .
MRM acknowledges the support of the Edinburgh MRC Trials Methodology Hub .
The funders had no role in study design , data collection and analysis , decision to publish , or preparation of the manuscript .
Competing interests :
The authors have declared that no competing interests exist .
Abbreviations : CAMARADES , Collaborative Approach to Meta-analysis and Review of Animal Data in Experimental Studies , tPA , tissue plasminogen activator , IL1 - RA , interleukin 1 receptor antagonist
Introduction Few publications describing natural phenomena are in themselves sufficient to change our understanding of the world , and knowledge advances through the summarising of data in conference presentations , review articles , and books .
Traditionally this process has been rather haphazard , with sometimes partisan experts using narrative review articles to emphasise their own particular perspective .
Attempts have been made to account for this bias using the technique of systematic review , in which there is prespecification of the biological question being addressed , the methods through which contributing data will be identified , and the criteria that will be used to select which data are included in the analysis [ 1 ] .
While systematic reviewers often go to some lengths to identify unpublished data sources , both approaches are potentially confounded by the ability to include only available data .
If experiments have been conducted but are not available to reviewers , and if the results of these experiments as a group are not the same as results from experiments that were published , then both narrative and systematic reviews , and the resulting expert opinion and public understanding , will be biased .
This is the “ file drawer problem ” [ 2 ] , [ 3 ] : at its most extreme , the 95 % of studies that were truly neutral ( that is , which reported no significant effects ) remain in the files of the investigators , the 5 % of experiments that were falsely positive are published , and reviewers conclude — falsely — that the literature represents biological truth .
The consequences of the drawing of erroneous conclusions would be troubling if it involved , for instance , the interpretation of data from clinical trials ; indeed , the recognition of a substantial publication bias in this literature has led to the introduction of clinical trial registration systems to ensure that those summarising research findings are at least aware of all relevant clinical trials that have been performed [ 4 ] .
Publication bias has also been observed in reports of genetic association studies [ 5 ] and in ecology and evolution , in which 40 % of meta - analyses were confounded by publication bias , and adjusting for publication bias might have altered the conclusions in around one - third of cases [ 6 ] .
A related group of biases , the citation biases [ 7 ] , can be addressed through rigorous systematic review , in that an attempt is made to include all relevant publications describing data meeting predefined inclusion or exclusion criteria .
However , until recently there has been a paucity of systematic reviews of animal studies [ 8 ] .
The extent and any impact of publication bias in the experimental sciences are not clear .
Timmer and colleagues investigated the process of publication for abstracts submitted to a leading gastrointestinal conference , and suggested both that the most responsibility for nonpublication rested with the authors ( 76 % of unpublished projects were never submitted as a manuscript ) and that for basic science studies there was no relationship between the rate of publication and whether the study reported positive , neutral , or negative findings [ 9 ] .
It has previously not been possible to ascertain the impact of publication bias in animal studies because of the paucity of systematic reviews and meta- analyses , the substantial heterogeneity in the research questions asked in experimental science and in the outcomes reported , and the qualitative rather than quantitative nature of many of those outcomes .
Since 2004 the Collaborative Approach to Meta -Analysis and Review of Animal Data in Experimental Studies ( CAMARADES ) has curated data collected in the context of systematic reviews of reports of studies describing the efficacy in animals of candidate interventions for stroke [ 10 ] – [ 21 ] .
Here we use that dataset , which includes quantitative data for reported outcomes from individual experiments , to estimate the prevalence and impact of publication bias in laboratory science .
Discussion
These data provide to our knowledge the first quantitative estimates of the impact of publication bias in the literature describing animal experiments modelling human disease .
Only 2.2 % of publications identified in the included reviews did not report any significant findings .
While our approach can provide at best only approximations of the magnitude of the problem , our data suggest that effect sizes are inflated by around one - third , and we estimate that around one - sixth of experiments remain unpublished .
Many would consider these to be conservative estimates , and indeed a recent systematic review of individual animal data supporting the efficacy of NXY - 059 showed that two of four unpublished experiments identified in the course of that review were neutral [ 28 ] .
The different methods used to assess the presence of publication bias gave somewhat different results , which may reflect the different sensitivities of these approaches .
However , it is likely that publication bias is highly prevalent in this literature , and this is likely to bias the conclusions drawn in both narrative and systematic reviews .
The different methods used to ascertain publication bias gave somewhat different results ;
Egger regression suggested bias for all 16 interventions , whereas trim - and - fill suggested bias for ten of 16 interventions .
Importantly , the median number of publications for those interventions in which trim and fill suggested publication bias was higher ( 27 ) than those in which publication bias was not found ( 10.5 ) , suggesting that when publication number is small the trim - and - fill approach may lack statistical power compared with Egger regression .
In discussion of factors that might result in funnel plot asymmetry in animal studies it is important to note that , given their small size and in contrast to clinical trials , variation in study precision relates more to underlying biological variability and to measurement error than to study size .
However , there are a number of factors other than publication bias that can cause funnel plot asymmetry [ 29 ] :
First , because studies of poorer methodological quality tend to overstate effect sizes [ 30 ] , lower precision in these studies would lead to funnel plot asymmetry .
However , we found no association between study precision and methodological quality in the publications contributing to this analysis .
Second , the effect size may vary according to the size of individual studies .
In clinical trials , smaller studies may involve patients at greater risk of an adverse outcome , in whom the intervention is proportionately more effective ; or higher doses or more powerful interventions may be used in smaller studies ; or smaller studies may focus on particular groups in whom the intervention is more effective .
However , none of these features apply to the animal studies examined here .
Third , the studies identified in the individual reviews may not be representative of all studies published .
However , the included reviews used detailed search strategies involving multiple electronic databases and conference abstracts ; had no language restriction ; and where duplicate publication had occurred only one publication was included ( see Methods ) .
Selection bias is therefore unlikely .
Finally , if more than one outcome measure was studied , and if effect sizes were consistently higher and precision consistently lower for a particular outcome measure , funnel plot asymmetry would result .
However , because this analysis is restricted to studies reporting changes in infarct size , such a problem is unlikely to be an issue here .
In view of the above , it is important to note that , because we have included all data reporting an effect on infarct volume and not just the largest effect size from each publication , we will have included at least some imprecise studies testing ineffective doses ( at the lower end of a dose response curve ) or at later time points , which could lead to a reversal of funnel plot asymmetry .
For this reason , we think that the present study is more likely to underestimate than to overestimate the effect of publication bias .
For meta- analyses of individual interventions , we do not believe that these techniques are sufficiently robust to allow the reliable reporting of a true effect size adjusted for publication bias .
This is partly because most meta - analyses are too small to allow reliable reporting , but also because the true effect size may be confounded by many factors , known and unknown , and the empirical usefulness of a precise estimate of efficacy in animals is limited .
However , these techniques do allow some estimation both of the presence and of the likely magnitude of publication bias , and reports of meta - analysis of animal studies should include some assessment of the likelihood that publication bias confounds their conclusions , and the possible magnitude of the bias .
These quantitative data raise substantial concerns that publication bias may have a wider impact in attempts to synthesise and summarise data from animal studies and more broadly .
It seems highly unlikely that the animal stroke literature is uniquely susceptible to the factors that drive publication bias .
First , there is likely to be more enthusiasm amongst scientists , journal editors , and the funders of research for positive than for neutral studies .
Second , the vast majority of animal studies do not report sample size calculations and are substantially underpowered .
Neutral studies therefore seldom have the statistical power confidently to exclude an effect that would be considered of biological significance , so they are less likely to be published than are similarly underpowered “ positive ” studies .
However , in this context , the positive predictive value of apparently significant results is likely to be substantially lower than the 95 % suggested by conventional statistical testing [ 31 ] .
A further consideration relating to the internal validity of studies is that of study quality .
It is now clear that certain aspects of experimental design ( particularly randomisation , allocation concealment , and the blinded assessment of outcome ) can have a substantial impact on the reported outcome of experiments [ 14 ] .
While the importance of these issues has been recognised for some years [ 32 ] , they are rarely reported in contemporary reports of animal experiments [ 33 ] .
The ethical principles that guide animal studies hold that the number of animals used should be the minimum required to demonstrate the outcome of interest with sufficient precision .
For some experiments , this number may be larger than those currently employed .
For all experiments involving animals , nonpublication of data means those animals cannot contribute to accumulating knowledge and that research syntheses are likely to overstate biological effects , which may in turn lead to further unnecessary animal experiments testing poorly founded hypotheses .
We estimate that for the interventions described here , experiments involving some 3,600 animals have remained unpublished .
We consider this practice to be unethical .
Others have considered the issue of publication bias in animal stroke studies [ 34 ] , and have made suggestions for how this might be addressed .
Given that a framework regulating animal experimentation already exists in most countries , we suggest that this might be exploited to allow the maintenance of a central register of experiments performed , grouped according to their broad topic , anonymised if required , and referenced in publications arising from that work .
Those responsible for preparing conference presentations , review articles , and books would then be much better placed to make a reasonable assessment of the extent to which publication bias may confound their conclusions .
Methods
We conducted a systematic review for reports of the quantitative impact of publication bias in animal studies by electronic search of PubMed ( 4 December 2008 ) with the search term “ publication bias ” , limited to “ animals ” .
We sought to include publications reporting a quantitative estimate of publication bias in meta- analyses describing the efficacy of interventions in animal models of human disease .
Abstracts were independently screened by two investigators ( ESS , MRM ) .
We used data from all meta- analyses ( published and unpublished ) of interventions tested in animal stroke studies reposited in the database of CAMARADES ( an international collaboration established in 2004 to support meta- analyses of animal data for stroke ) , which had been completed by August 2008 .
These reviews use a standard methodology including a broad search strategy , inclusion and exclusion criteria , systematic searching of multiple online databases , searching of conference abstracts , and screening of search results by two independent investigators .
They perform well against the 12 - item checklist for systematic reviews of animal studies ( Text S2 ) proposed by Mignini et al . [ 35 ] , with a median score of 11 ( interquartile range 10.5 –11 ) .
The CAMARADES data management system includes an analytical package to allow weighted and stratified mean difference meta- analysis ; included studies are retained in the database for further analysis , and access to this database is publically available on request .
The database includes details of each individual experiment , including effect size and its standard error .
The reviews from which these data are drawn are representative of the literature ; they include 11 of a total of 14 meta - analyses of animal studies of stroke which had been published by the end of 2008 .
Of the five included reviews unpublished at that time ( IL1 RA , thrombolytics other than tPA , growth factors , minocycline , stem cells ) , one has been published and two are under review .
Animal stroke studies report a variety of outcome measures , often measured from the same cohort of animals .
To avoid duplication we have restricted the present analysis to reports of effects on infarct size .
Where this was determined at multiple time points ( for instance using serial MRI ) , the individual reviews recorded only the last outcome measured .
Where a cohort of animals was represented more than once in the database ( for instance in studies reporting the effects of tPA and hypothermia in combination ) , the overall analysis was censored such that each cohort appeared only once .
No intervention was the subject of more than one review in the database .
For each experiment , effect size and standard error were extracted .
For each intervention , and for all interventions together ( with individual experiments being pooled for a global analysis ) , the prevalence of publication bias was assessed using funnel plotting [ 36 ] , Egger regression [ 37 ] , and the Duval and Tweedie nonparametric trim - and - fill approach [ 27 ] ( enabled in METATRIM , an additional module for STATA ) .
The basis of funnel plotting and Egger regression is that , all other things being equal , imprecise studies should be as likely to understate efficacy as to overstate it .
Where there is a preponderance of imprecise studies overstating efficacy , and all other things being equal , this suggests that imprecise studies understating efficacy are missing from the analysis , as occurs with publication bias .
This leads to asymmetry in the funnel plot and to the movement of the Egger regression line y- intercept away from the origin .
The basis of trim - and - fill is the identification of the publications contributing most to funnel plot asymmetry , to suppress these from the analysis , and to recalculate the overall estimate of efficacy .
Studies contributing most to asymmetry around this new overall estimate are then suppressed , a new estimate calculated , and so the process continues until no further studies are excluded .
Then the suppressed studies are replaced , along with matching imputed studies with an effect size calculated by reflection around the recalculated overall estimate and variance equal to that of the study which they are balancing .
The number of imputed studies added to the dataset provides an estimate of the number of missing unpublished studies , and meta - analysis of this enlarged dataset provides an approximation of what the true efficacy might be were publication bias not present .
We attempted to estimate the extent of publication bias in the animal stroke literature by measuring the relative and absolute differences between the observed estimate of efficacy and the estimated true efficacy .
We tested any relationship between the precision and the methodological quality of individual studies using a ten - item study quality checklist comprising peer - reviewed publication , statement of control of temperature , random allocation to treatment or control , blinded induction of ischemia , blinded assessment of outcome , use of anaesthetic without significant intrinsic neuroprotective activity , appropriate animal model ( aged , diabetic , or hypertensive ) , sample size calculation , compliance with animal welfare regulations , and statement of potential conflict of interests [ 11 ] .
Despite the potential shortcomings of using aggregate checklist scores rather than assessing the impact of individual study quality items [ 38 ] , across a range of systematic reviews publications scoring highly on this checklist tend to give lower estimates of treatment effect ; while the score has not been formally validated it does have face validity , and has formed the basis for an international consensus statement of Good Laboratory Practice in the modelling of ischaemic stroke [ 39 ] .
Acknowledgments
We are grateful to the authors of individual works who responded to requests for further information and to the members of the CAMARADES group who were involved in individual reviews .
Author Contributions
The author(s ) have made the following declarations about their contributions : Conceived and designed the experiments : ESS HBvdW PMWB DWH MRM .
Performed the experiments : ESS .
Analyzed the data : ESS MRM .
Wrote the paper : ESS HBvdW PMWB DWH MRM .
Provided data from systematic reviews : ESS HBvdW PMWB DWH .
Provided data from systematic reviews and contributed to the design of the study : MRM .
" We have made the decision to focus exclusively on Windows Phone 7 and we will not ship KIN in Europe this fall as planned .
Additionally , we are integrating our KIN team with the Windows Phone 7 team , incorporating valuable ideas and technologies from KIN into future Windows Phone releases .
We will continue to work with Verizon in the U.S. to sell current KIN phones . "
We 're learning this afternoon that Microsoft 's Kin line , for all practical purposes , is riding off into the sunset just a few short weeks after its release .
Sources close to Microsoft tell us that Andy Lees has rolled Kin into the Windows Phone 7 team and has canceled the existing product 's launch later this year in Europe on news that sales were n't as strong as expected .
Speaking of sales , Verizon 's already - launched Kin One and Kin Two are soldiering on for the time being , but for how long is anyone 's guess .
Here 's Microsoft 's official statement :
Interestingly , CNET is reporting that Roz Ho -- the exec who masterminded Kin under the codename " Pink " following Microsoft 's acquisition of Danger -- will " oversee " her team 's move over to Windows Phone 7 before taking a to - be - determined role elsewhere in the company .
For what it 's worth , we did n't think much of the Kin when we reviewed it -- to be fair , we 're not the product 's target demographic , but it certainly seems as though the phones got no love from the tweens , teens , and twentysomethings it sought to win over , either .
It 's hard to say how the Kin 's untimely ( or is it timely ? ) death ties into Robbie Bach and J Allard 's departure , but since Lees has his hands more closely wrapped around this project than he had in the past , it stands to reason that there 's a link there .
After all , just how bad do sales have to be to kill a project mere weeks into its retail launch ?
And for NVIDIA , what does it mean that they 've yet to release even a single blockbuster , wildly successful Tegra device ?
I do not agree with most things written by Amity Shlaes , the right 's resident historical revisionist .
But she 's an enormously influential thinker on the right , so I wanted to share a snippet of her latest column for your consideration .
Here , she 's blaming FDR 's tax policy for the 1937 double dip and warning that letting parts of the Bush tax cuts expire will do the same :
Roosevelt , too , pursued the dual purposes of revenue and social good .
In 1935 he signed legislation known as the " soak the rich " law ...
The outcome was not what the New Dealers envisioned .
Horrified by what they perceived as an existential threat , businesses stopped buying equipment and postponed expansion .
They hired lawyers to find ways around the undistributed - profits tax .
In May 1938 , after months of unemployment rates in the high teens , the Democratic Congress cut back the detested tax .
Shlaes might be absolutely right .
Obama might send the U.S. economy into a double dip recession in 2011 and 2012 by bringing marginal income rates on richer families to their 1999 levels .
That could happen .
But there are a couple reasons to think it wo n't .
First , 1937 was a year of dramatic budget and monetary tightening that dangerously shrank the money supply in the middle of a precarious recovery .
That 's one reason why unemployment surged again through 1938 .
With Ben Bernanke in the Fed chair and Obama in the Oval Office , it seems unlikely to me that we 'll see dramatic retrenching in fiscal and monetary policy in the next year .
Another reason to think she might be wrong is that Reagan raised taxes in a recession , too .
In 1982 , with unemployment near 10 percent , President Ronald Reagan signed TEFRA .
By cleaning up the tax code , slashing deductions , that tax act raised revenue by one percent of GDP over four years -- the largest peacetime tax increase in American history .
I wonder what Shlaes would have written about him in 1982 .
Some drugs may be more effective the longer they last inside the body .
To prevent such drugs from being broken down too rapidly , pharmaceutical manufacturers often attach a fluorine - containing structure called a trifluoromethyl group .
However , the processes now used require harsh reaction conditions or only work in a small number of cases , limiting their usefulness for synthesizing new drug candidates for testing .
Now , MIT chemists have designed a new way to attach a trifluoromethyl group to certain compounds , which they believe could allow pharmaceutical companies to create and test new drugs much faster and potentially reduce the cost of drug discovery .
The new synthesis , reported in the June 25 issue of Science , could have an immediate impact .
MIT Chemistry Professor Stephen Buchwald , who led the research team , says achieving the synthesis has been a long - standing challenge for chemists .
" Some people said it could n't be done , so that 's a good reason to try , " says Buchwald , the Camille Dreyfus Professor of Chemistry at MIT .
Eun Jin Cho , a postdoctoral associate in Buchwald 's lab , is the lead author of the paper .
Other authors are graduate student Todd Senecal , postdoctoral associates Tom Kinzel and Yong Zhang , and former postdoctoral associate Donald Watson , now an assistant professor of chemistry at the University of Delaware .
The trifluoromethyl group ( abbreviated CF 3 ) is a component of several commonly used drugs , including the antidepressant Prozac , arthritis medication Celebrex and Januvia , used to treat diabetes symptoms .
When foreign compounds such as drugs enter the body , they get sent to the liver , where they are broken down and shipped on to the kidneys for excretion .
However , CF 3 groups are hard for the body to break down because they contain three fluorine atoms .
" Fluorine is not really a component of things we eat , so the body does not know what to do with it , " says Kinzel .
advertisement
CF 3 groups are also a common component of agricultural chemicals such as pesticides .
To add a CF 3 group to organic ( carbon - containing ) molecules , chemists often use hydrogen fluoride under conditions that might produce undesired reactions among the many structural components found in complex molecules like pharmaceuticals or agrochemicals .
With the new reaction , the CF 3 group can be added at a much later stage of the overall drug synthesis .
The reaction can also be used with a broad range of starting materials , giving drug developers much more flexibility in designing new compounds .
Chemists have been trying to find a widely applicable catalytic method to attach CF 3 to aryl compounds ( compounds containing one or more six - carbon rings ) for a couple of decades .
Some have achieved different parts of the reaction , but none successfully put all the pieces together to arrive at a method that is applicable for a wide range of different aryl compounds .
The major challenge has been finding a suitable catalyst ( a molecule that speeds up a reaction ) to transfer the CF 3 entity from another source to the carbon ring .
CF 3 - ( trifluoromethyl negative ion ) tends to be unstable when detached from other molecules , so the catalyst must act quickly to transfer the CF 3 group before it decomposes .
The MIT team chose to use a catalyst built from palladium , a silvery - white metal commonly used in catalytic converters .
The MIT team is not the first to try palladium catalysis for this reaction , but the key to their success was the use of a ligand ( a molecule that binds to the metal to stabilize it and hasten the reaction ) called BrettPhos , which they had previously developed for other purposes .
Coming up with a useful reaction required much testing of different combinations of palladium , ligand , CF 3 source , temperature and other factors .
" Everything had to match up , " says Senecal .
During the reaction , a CF 3 group is transferred from a silicon carrier to the palladium , displacing a chlorine atom .
Subsequently , the aryl - CF 3 unit is released and the catalytic cycle begins anew .
The researchers tried the synthesis with a variety of aryl compounds and achieved yields ranging from 70 to 94 percent of the trifluoromethylated products .
In its current state , the process is too expensive for manufacturing use .
For drug discovery , however , it may lower overall costs because it streamlines the entire synthesis process .
" For discovery chemistry , the price of the metal is much less important , " says Kinzel .
All of the reaction components are commercially available , so pharmaceutical and other companies will immediately be able to use this method .
" This versatile new methodology is directly applicable to drug development , " says John Schwab , a program director at the National Institute of Health 's National Institute of General Medical Sciences , which partially funded the research .
" This is a terrific example of how U.S. healthcare consumers are benefiting from their investment in NIH and in basic , biomedical research . "
After a few minutes on the Battleship NJ for Beerfest , I was reminded of those classic words from Chief Brody in Jaws ; “ You ’re gonna need a bigger boat ! ”
But to be fair , the 14th Annual Garden State Craft Brewers Festival on Saturday June 26 was limited to what is known as the “ fantail ” of a battleship .
But it was indeed packed and it was a ton of fun .
I imagine opening up the entire boat to such an event would be an insurance nightmare , not to mention that you ’d probably have drunken stow - aways passing out all over .
NOT that it was that kind of event .
People think “ BEER ” and “ ALL YOU CAN DRINK ” and envision a frat toga party .
Not even close .
This event was much more geared toward the beer connoisseur or aficionado that likes to sample many beers .
A by product of sampling many beers is of course intoxication , but I did not see one visibly drunk person on the ship .
( My traveling party included .
Although Patti was nicer to me on the way home than the way there … just sayin ! )
I covered the event for WPHL but was still able to attend with my good friends Jim and Patti Beach .
I was also still able to sample a few of the many fine , fine NJ breweries .
I have known Flying Fish for a while and am familiar with their products , but my favorite new beers I sampled came from River Horse Brewery ( Lambertville , NJ ) and Iron Hill Brewery .
Ironically enough , Iron Hill is in Maple Shade of all places .
Too bad they did not open during my tour of duty .
If you get a chance to have an Iron Hill Raspberry Wheat this summer , do it !
If you get a chance to be on board when the Battleship NJ turns into the “ Good Ship Barley - Hops ” next year …absolutely do it !
Below is a link to the gallery I shot .
( Click image for pics ) .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Alongside the USA and select international country iPhone 4 preorder launch this morning , Apple Canada has made a massive change in its iPhone sales policy .
Before today , if Canadians wanted to buy an iPhone 3G or iPhone 3GS from Apple , they had to go to an Apple Retail Store .
Once there , they could choose to purchase the iPhone 3G / 3GS with contract or without , but the point being that consumers had to go in - store .
This morning , the 8GB iPhone 3GS in Black appeared on the Apple Canada Online Store for preorder for $ 549 ( outright price ) with a ship date of June 24 , 2010 .
The $ 549 price tag is also down by $ 50 , from $ 599 , for the previously available outright 8 GB iPhone 3G .
In other words , Canadians can now buy an outright iPhone 3GS ( and hopefully the iPhone 4 ) directly from the Apple Canada Online Store instead of going to the actual store .
Unlocked iPhones ?
Reading into the Apple Canada Online Store iPhone preorder page , it seems that any iPhone ( in this case , the iPhone 3GS ) may be sold unlocked .
The Apple FAQ are extremely vague but it definitely sounds like any iPhone purchased from the Apple Canada Online Store directly at outright pricing will be unlocked .
The FAQ continually make a reference to the fact that a purchased outright iPhone from the Canadian Online Store will be “ commitment - free ” and that customers can switch to any carrier they want , at any time .
Typically speaking , a commitment - free iPhone just means no contract and does not mean the device is SIM - free or unlocked .
However , the FAQ on the page make it sound as if any iPhone purchased outright will be unlocked by indicating that users can switch SIM cards among local carriers and switch carriers at anytime .
Check out these FAQ ’s from Apple Canada ( bold / red emphasis added ) :
When you purchase your iPhone from the Apple Online Store , youâ€™ll get it commitment - free .
So you can sign up for service with the carrier of your choice and change your carrier at any time .
Questions ?
Call our iPhone experts at 1-800 - MY - APPLE .
Do I need to commit to a long - term contract for my iPhone ?
Buying a commitment - free iPhone from the Apple Online Store allows you choose your own carrier and change carriers at any time .
i Phone may also be available at a reduced initial price with a contract directly from your wireless carrier .
Why does the price of iPhone from the Apple Online Store differ from its price from a carrier ?
Carriers typically sell the iPhone with a contract that subsidizes the initial purchase price of the phone .
By purchasing your iPhone without a contract , you can use any SIM or micro-SIM card from a compatible carrier , including your current one .
Can I use my iPhone outside my home country ?
Yes .
iPhone is enabled to work on carrier networks using GSM around the world .
Because the iPhone sold by the Apple Online Store is commitment - free , you can purchase a SIM or micro-SIM card and service from a local carrier at your destination .
Or check with your home carrier regarding international roaming charges .
The second and third FAQ’s are probably the most compelling .
By contrast , the USA online store makes no mention of a commitment - free iPhone and requires a contract from AT&T to even buy the iPhone 3GS / 4 .
In other words , the iPhone 3GS / 4 does not seem to be available for sale without a contract at outright pricing in the USA .
Is this a Canadian first ?
Will Apple be the pioneer to launch unlocked smartphones of this caliber ?
It will be interesting to see what develops here .
[ Apple Canada ]
UPDATE : Since Reddit is the reason the coffee comic mentioned below was so popular , I posted this one there as well .
Yeah , I posted my own comic on Reddit .
I was “ that guy ” .
Still , if you want to vote for it on there , it would make it infinitely less lame .
Like when you throw yourself a party and nobody shows up .
Is your life less complicated than your latte art ?
Feel free to discuss in the comments about this , coffee in general , etc .
Speaking of coffee , now might be a good time to check out all the other comics on the site about coffee .
There are more than a few .
Speaking of which , coffee fans !
A NEW SHIRT HAS ARRIVED .
One of the most requested designs I ’ve ever had .
Based on the most popular comic ever featured on The System ( in prints , comic form , etc ) , “ My Body is Just a Filter ” .
Now available IN PREORDER from the HilariAwesome.com store .
GO PREORDER IT NOW »
Why preorder ?
Why not just order ?
Preorders is how I can tell how many people really want this thing , and how many I should order .
In the case of the last shirt to go up on the site ( the “ Beards Turn Laziness into Awesomeness ” shirt ) the preorder was able to pay for the first run of inventory ( thats tens of shirts , not hundreds .
I ’m not running H&M over here ) .
Now ’s your chance to get a shirt with coffee on it and support the site until I can finish book 1 , or at least work more on it so you can give me money in exchange for that .
So do your part , Systemics .
Especially you newcomers .
Show your appreciation and invest in the site by investing in a t - shirt .
Check out this shirt and the others from the HilariAwesome store »
Target acquired ( Image : Simon Fraiser / SPL )
GENETICALLY modified stem cells are to be injected into the brains of cancer patients , where they will convert an inactive cancer drug into a potent and targeted tumour - killing agent .
Stem cells are strongly attracted towards cancer cells , so it is hoped that as well as homing in on the main tumour , they will also be drawn to secondary growths , or metastases .
This will enable higher doses of drug to be delivered to cancer cells while minimising the risk of side effects in the rest of the body .
A team led by Karen Aboody at …
THE WOULD - BE SPEAKER ….
When the unemployment reports are terrific , congressional Republicans pretend they ’re awful .
Last month , with the strongest job totals in years , House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) described 290,000 new jobs as “ disappointing news . ”
With that in mind , with today ’s report falling short of expectations , it stands to reason that Boehner will have quite a critique to offer .
So , what ’s his pitch ?
Here ’s the Minority Leader on Twitter :
Jobs report underscores the need to repeal & replace # ObamaCare , & pass the spending cuts economists say we need to boost the economy .
It frightens me to consider just how clueless John Boehner really is .
The Affordable Care Act is to blame for underwhelming job totals ?
That ’s crazy , not only because the law just passed , but because , if anything , the law will improve the job market .
Spending cuts will boost the economy ?
How will that work , exactly ?
Taking money out of the economy , funding fewer jobs , making less of an investment … this will , in Boehner ’s mind , make things better .
This , of course , is the same man who was absolutely certain that the Clinton economic plan would be a massive failure , was completely convinced that Bush ’s economic policies would produce extraordinary prosperity , and just knew beyond a doubt that the recovery efforts that have produced 2.8 million jobs so far would hurt the economy .
Why anyone would take this guy seriously on economic policy is a mystery to me .
And remember , in just seven months , John Boehner intends to be Speaker of the House .
On the hidden - camera video , it looks like any other Kabul police checkpoint where motorists are asked for small bribes .
A tall , scraggly bearded officer stops a battered station wagon , looks through the trunk , and checks the driver 's papers .
Then the uniformed officer leans into the car window with an unexpected offer .
" On behalf of the city of Kabul and the Kabul police , if you have paid a bribe or ' tip ' to someone in the past , I apologize , " the officer says in Dari to the disbelieving driver .
" Please take 100 Afghanis , " about $ 2 .
On a warm afternoon in summer 2009 , Kabul - based artist Aman Mojadidi flagged down dozens of cars at a fake checkpoint to hand a little reverse " baksheesh " as his coconspirators filmed the befuddled responses of drivers .
Mr. Mojadidi's aim was simple :
He wanted to draw attention to the pervasive misuse of power in Afghanistan and see how Afghan drivers would react when he apologized on behalf of a widely scorned police force .
" To see the abuse of power it can be as easy as putting on a uniform , " said Mojadidi , a 39 - year - old Jacksonville , Fla. , native who recently transformed the footage into a short film called " Payback . "
Checkpoints are the most visible reminder to Afghans that the nation is infused with corruption .
And the US is investing billions of dollars into rapidly training a new police force that 's supposed to shed its image of a state - backed gang of roadside robbers .
" Police are the first thing that people see , touch , and feel that gives them either confidence or a lack of confidence in their government , " said US Army Lt. Gen. William B. Caldwell , who heads up the NATO police and Army training mission in Afghanistan .
The task is especially daunting .
Entry - level police officers earn about $ 165 a month .
Most do n't make much more unless they work in the most dangerous parts of Afghanistan .
The low pay means that police officers , especially those at checkpoints , often try to pad their pay by demanding that drivers pay them " tea money " or " baksheesh . "
For that reason , Afghan drivers often approach police checkpoints with a sense of dismay , and convincing low - paid police officers to abandon a longstanding practice is n't an easy task .
" The corruption that people are dealing with at checkpoints and in everyday life is what you need to focus on , " said Mojadidi , who 's a nephew of Sibghatullah Mojaddedi , the former president who now serves as the leader of Afghanistan 's upper house of parliament .
Mojadidi set out last year to find out how easy it would be to transform himself into a police officer after seeing Taliban insurgents disguised as policemen stage a series of brazen attacks in the Afghan capital .
It is against the law to sell police and Army uniforms in Afghanistan 's open markets .
Last spring , however , Mojadidi and " Payback " director Walied Osman went to Kabul 's central market where they bought four uniforms , complete with pins , police patches , and boots , for about $ 125 .
" The sale of military uniforms , including police uniforms , is absolutely forbidden , " Interior Ministry spokesman Zemeri Bashary recently told McClatchy .
" If criminals , terrorists , and bad guys can use these uniforms it is an act against the nation of Afghanistan . "
Mr. Bashary appeared unaware of the warren of shops where military uniforms are openly sold .
" There are shops that sell some key things , like ammunition vests and simple hats , but not uniforms , " Bashary said .
" The sale of military uniforms is absolutely barred from being sold in open markets and bazaars . "
However , the market where Mojadidi and Mr. Osman bought the uniforms is still bustling .
The one - room shops are filled with police hats , military patches , camouflage pants , Army boots , and tailors ready to custom - fit full uniforms for customers .
On a recent afternoon , McClatchy reporters easily purchased an Afghan police uniform , complete with police patches and pins , for about $ 13 .
Uniformed police officers and soldiers strolled through the markets buying belts , boots , shoulder insignias , and uniforms .
" If anybody can go buy a police uniform in a bazaar , then anyone can go buy a police uniform in Kabul – and the implications are really heavy , " Mojadidi said .
After buying the uniforms for his faux checkpoint last summer , Mojadidi went to the local police station to seek permission for a project he described only in vague terms .
Remarkably , the police not only gave him the OK , they sent a police officer out to keep an eye on things .
The police officer looked on as Mojadidi and the conspirators used boulders and traffic signs to set up their fake checkpoint on a stretch of road between two real police roadblocks .
The officer watched as Mojadidi , in his illegally purchased police uniform , flagged down car after car .
With his untucked , wrinkled police shirt and silver thumb ring , Mojadidi did n't quite look the part .
Nevertheless , drivers acquiesced as Mojadidi checked their papers and car trunks before reaching into his pocket and pulling out some cash .
Mojadidi often had to explain the offer twice to disbelieving drivers .
Most eventually took the bill and rumbled away with amused grins on their faces .
A couple of the men emphatically turned down the offer .
" You do n't bother anyone , " one driver told Mojadidi .
" I should be apologizing to you . "
When it was all over , 16 of 20 drivers had taken the cash , and Mojadidi had 400 Afghan dollars left – about $ 8 .
As they were packing up , Mojadidi said , the real police officer made an unrepentant request for a little " baksheesh " of his own .
" So , you gave all those drivers something , but I was out here with you and I have n't gotten anything , " Mojadidi said the officer complained .
Mojadidi said he gave the police officer the remaining 400 Afghan dollars – more than one day 's pay for the normal cop on the street .
MORE FROM MCCLATCHY
McChrystal : Kandahar operation will happen more slowly
U.S. efforts in Kandahar , barely begun , already are faltering
RELATED ARTICLES :
Conventional wisdom — in fact rules of any kind – are a challenge to me .
In Myers - Briggs terms , I ’m a very high “ N ” ( Intuitive ) , and in our own Trust Temperaments ,
I rate as a Catalyst .
Some rules are fine , like the laws of gravity , and the requirement that in the US we drive on the right - hand side of the road .
Others , like speed limits , I tend to see as merely suggestions or guidelines .
That having been said , there ’s one “ rule ” for decision - making that I ’ve found enormously useful over the years .
That is The Rule of Non-recurring Events , and its corollary , Eat Outdoors Every Chance You Get .
Simply put , this means that every time you get a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity , you take it .
Attending the opening ceremonies of the Beijing Olympics in person or watching it on television ?
No contest .
Dragging yourself to your 20th high school reunion or going to a movie ?
The reunion wins ; the movie will be out on Blue-ray , but your 20th reunion will never come again .
What makes this rule so worthwhile ?
First , it vastly simplifies decision - making when two or more events conflict .
You just ask yourself : which is closer to being a non-recurring event , and your decision is made .
It helps clarify tradeoffs .
Second , it reduces your regret quotient to almost nothing .
The Beijing Olympics example comes from a friend of mine from Singapore , who opted to stay home rather than hassle the trip to China , and missed the world - class spectacular .
And if your 20th reunion is about as much fun as senior English class was ( no fun at all ) at least you went , and have no regrets about missing it .
And you ’ll probably get a few funny stories out of it .
It ’s like a bad blind date ; the worst experiences often yield the best funny stories .
The third , and probably biggest , benefit is that it helps us live in the moment , to have adventures , to stay out of ruts .
It helps answer the question from the poet Mary Oliver : “ Tell me , what is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life ? ”
So I ’m going to grab my sandwich and cup of coffee and eat outdoors ; this particular perfect sunny day will not come my way again .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
As the new coalition government continues to takes shape at Westminster , the surrounding media scrum is showing no signs of quietening down .
Bemused tourists and those keen to be a part of history have been milling around with the hordes of journalists in Westminster .
The BBC's Nick Higham has been to talk to them .
Fehltritt vor der Präsidenten - Kür : Evangelikale sonnen sich in Wulffs Glanz
Kurz vor seiner Nominierung zum Bundespräsidenten - Kandidaten trat Christian Wulff ( CDU ) bei rechtslastigen Evangelikalen auf .
Die Opposition sieht die Regierung blamiert , die CDU findet alles ganz normal .
Das Thema des Vortrags , den der niedersächsische Ministerpräsidenten Christian Wulff ( CDU ) gehalten hat , klingt gänzlich unverfänglich : " Politik aus christlichem Geist in einer modernen Welt " .
Die Gastgeber des Bundespräsidenten - Kandidaten sind allerdings verfänglich : Den Vortrag hielt Wulff am 19 .
Mai beim " Arbeitskreis Christlicher Publizisten " ( ACP ) .
Seit Jahren warnen Sektenbeauftragte der evangelischen Kirchen vor dem Kreis , den sie als " fundamentalistische Splittergruppe am äußerst rechten Rand des Protestantismus " verorten .
Der Name ACP sei irreführend , sagt Claudia Knepper von der Evangelischen Zentralstelle für Weltanschauungsfragen in Berlin : Seriöse evangelische und katholische Publizisten seien dort nicht vertreten .
Die Zentralstelle rät zur Distanz .
Die Fraktionsvorsitzende der Linken im niedersächsischen Landtag Kreszentia Flauger sieht im ACP ebenfalls eine " christlich - fundamentalistische Lobbygruppe , die sich am rechten Rand bewegt " .
In einer aktuellen Stunde des Landtags am Donnerstag fragte Flauger , warum Wulff die Einladung zu der Veranstaltung des ACP im " Glaubenszentrum Bad Gandersheim " angenommen habe .
Flauger ist der Meinung , dass " mit dem Besuch der Ministerpräsident diese Kreise aufwertet " .
Wulffs Gastgeber Der ACP mit Sitz im hessischen Niedenstein besteht seit 1972 und gibt an , rund 500 Mitglieder zu haben .
Auf seiner Website stellt sich der ACP als internationaler Kreis vor , dessen " Ziel eine angemessene Publizierung von biblischen Denk - und Handlungsweisen und der Vertretung christlicher Werte in den modernen Massenmedien " sei .
Angemessen ist es für den ACP beispielsweise , Homosexualität als therapierbar darzustellen .
Der Vorsitzende der Republikaner Rolf Schlierer durfte 1998 im Interview mit ACP - Publikationen seine Weltsicht darlegen - damals wurden die Republikaner vom Verfassungsschutz beobachtet .
Konrad Löw ist Justiziar des ACP .
2004 hatte die Bundeszentrale für politische Bildung einen Beitrag des emeritierten Professors zurückgezogen , weil er geeignet sei , die " deutschen Verbrechen während der nationalsozialistischen Diktatur zu verharmlosen " und die " Abstreitung der deutschen Urheberschaft an den Verbrechen " voranzutreiben , hieß es damals .
Löw hatte geschrieben : " Wir sollten jenen entgegentreten , die allgemein von deutscher Schuld sprechen , wenn damit gemeint ist , dass die große Mehrheit der damals lebenden Deutschen mitschuldig gewesen sei . "
In der rechtsextremen National - Zeitung bewertete Löw das Verhalten der Bundeszentrale als " neurotische Reaktion " .
Bis heute referiert Konrad Löw solche
Thesen in extrem rechten Kreisen .
AS
Auch Helge Limburg , rechtspolitischer Sprecher der Grünen - Fraktion , wollte wissen , warum die Staatskanzlei die Einladung nicht abgelehnt habe : " Experten warnen doch schon lange vor dem ACP , weil er rechte Sichtweisen vertrete und eine klare Distanzierung von rechtsextremen Gedankengut vermissen läst . "
Es gehöre " zur Strategie des ACP , sich durch Auftritte von Prominenten ein sauberes Image zu verschaffen " .
Limburg meint : " Auf diese Strategie ist die Landesregierung , dem Eindruck aus der heutigen Fragestunde nach zu urteilen , reingefallen . "
Der Ministerpräsident selbst konnte sich nicht verteidigen : Er fehlte in der aktuellen Stunde .
Kultusminister Bernd Althusmann ( CDU ) musste für ihn einspringen .
Er wies die Kritik am Chef zurück .
Auf Flaugers rhetorische Frage , ob Wulff in Zukunft auch bei islamischen Fundamentalisten Vorträge halten werde , antwortete Althusmann : " Der Ministerpräsident wird keine Veranstaltung von verfassungsfeindlichen Organisationen besuchen . "
Der Minister wies außerdem darauf hin , dass Wulff nicht automatisch die Meinung derjenigen teile , bei denen er einen Vortrag halte .
Schon direkt nach Wulffs Auftritt beim ACP hatte ein Sprecher der Staatskanzlei in Hannover gesagt , innerhalb der Staatskanzlei würden sämtliche Termine auf ihre Unbedenklichkeit überprüft .
Es liege Wulff nichts ferner , als vor einer Vereinigung des rechtsextremen Lagers aufzutreten .
‘ First to Do It ’ vs. ‘ First to Do It Right ’
MG Siegler , last week at TechCrunch :
During his keynote address on Monday , Apple CEO Steve Jobs noted that while Apple may not be the first to release features , they do so in a way that ’s the best implementation .
Many people view this as absolute bullshit .
But what that implies is that they think Apple simply cannot get features done in time — or that they will not do them for some reason .
I have a hard time believing either of those is the case .
Jobs cited the iPhone ’s cut , copy , and paste functionality as one example of Apple getting a feature right .
I have to agree .
For two years , everyone complained ( myself included ) that Apple did n’t have this functionality .
Could Apple have done it sooner ?
Of course .
But would it have been half - baked ?
Probably .
Just look at how it works on other devices — or maybe I should say : look at how poorly it works on other devices compared to the iPhone .
This is the heart of the disconnect .
Those who see these claims as “ absolute bullshit ” are only going to see Apple as getting worse over the next few years .
I got a few objections from readers after writing the following last week , regarding iOS 4 and iPhone 4 as “ catching up ” to Android :
The existence of a front - facing camera may fairly be considered a “ catch up ” feature on iPhone 4 .
But the ability to use the front - facing camera to actually make video calls is first on the iPhone .
That ’s one difference between Apple and HTC .
Apple is n’t going to include a hardware feature just for the sake of having it .
They only include hardware for which they have compelling software to complete the experience .
The objections were based on Qik and Fring .
But here ’s David Pogue on the front - facing - camera - equipped HTC Evo :
After two days of fiddling , downloading and uninstalling apps , manually force - quitting programs and waiting for servers to be upgraded , I finally got video calling to work — sort of .
Sometimes there was only audio and a black screen , sometimes only a freeze - frame ; at best , the video was blocky and the audio delay absurd .
To make video calling work , you have to install an app yourself : either Fring or Qik .
But we never did get Fring to work , and Qik requires people you call to press a Talk button when they want to speak .
The whole thing is confusing and , to use the technical term , iffy .
Here ’s the test .
Take some normal people , where by “ normal ” I mean people who have never heard of TechCrunch or Daring Fireball .
Give them brand new still - in - the - box iPhone 4 ’s and HTC Evos .
Now ask them to make a video call to one another .
With the iPhone 4 , they ’re going to be able to do it .
The only thing that ’s technically confusing about FaceTime is that it only works via Wi - Fi ( I think many people have little understanding of the difference between Wi-Fi and 3G data — at least insofar as why a feature would work over one but not the other ) .
Otherwise , FaceTime is as easy to use as making a regular voice call .
There is no such thing as a “ FaceTime account ” you need to create or log in to .
It does n’t require the installation of any third - party apps .
All you need to know is that the iPhone 4 can make video calls , and that the feature is called “ FaceTime ” .
And I ’ll bet the little instructional card inside the iPhone 4 box will make that perfectly clear .
How many normal people even know that Qik and Fring exist ?
Are Android users supposed to install both apps , so they can make video calls to people who ’ve only installed one or the other ?
It ’s not that there ’s anything wrong with Qik or Fring in and of themselves .
Nor is it to say that Android does n’t have its own first - to - do - right features , like , say , the ability to dictate speech - to - text in any text field .
It ’s about the mindset of the companies that made the phones .
Do you include the half - baked stuff , or hold it until it ’s fully - baked ?
Apple was n’t going to include a front - facing camera until they had software that made it useful in an iPhone - caliber way .
HTC is happy to include a front - facing camera and leave its utility ( and user experience ) in the hands of third - party developers .
Android and iPhone fans will read the preceding paragraph very differently .
Android fans will read it and say , “ Exactly — give us the hardware and let developers figure out what to do with it . ”
iPhone fans will read it and say , “ I ca n’t wait to get an iPhone 4 . ”
It has long been illegal in Massachusetts to provide minors with " matter harmful to minors " under the state 's " Crimes against chastity , morality , decency , and good order " law .
The law targets obscenity , but only its physical forms , which makes it easier to enforce .
When little Johnny steps inside the adult video store , clerks can check his ID before selling him that DVD of industrial sexuality .
And anyone trying show hardcore porn to a 13 - year old knows exactly what they 're doing , and who they 're doing it to .
In April , this " harmful to minors " law received a brief update — not more than a couple of paragraphs — but they had profound implications for free expression .
The new law extended " harmful to minors " to the Internet .
In addition to smutty books , films , pamphlets , pictures , plays , dances , and statues (! ) , Massachusetts decided that the " matter " which might harm minors should now include :
electronic mail , instant messages , text messages , and any other communication created by means of use of the Internet or wireless network , whether by computer , telephone , or any other device or by any transfer of signs , signals , writing , images , sounds , data , or intelligence of any nature transmitted in whole or in part by a wire , radio , electromagnetic , photo - electronic or photo - optical system .
The law went into effect yesterday , and today it was challenged in court by the ACLU , the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund , and several booksellers .
By going digital , the expanded law suddenly moves away from the shop counter and onto the ' Net , where it " threatens Internet communications nationwide and even worldwide . "
The ACLU argues in its complaint that " due to the very nature of the Internet , virtually every communication on the Internet may potentially be received by a minor and therefore may potentially be the basis for prosecution . "
With no easy way to verify anyone 's age , everyone on the Internet must be treated as though they are minors .
But what does that mean for material that adults can legally access ?
" Because Internet speakers have no means to restrict minors in Massachusetts from accessing their communications , the Act effectively requires almost all discourse on the Internet — whether among citizens of Massachusetts or among users anywhere in the world — to be at a level suitable for young children , " says the complaint .
" The Act therefore bans an entire category of constitutionally protected speech between and among adults on the Internet " and is unconstitutional .
The ACLU also worries that the law makes it too easy to take down speech that would be legal for adults to engage in .
" Any person who disagrees with or objects to sexual content on the Internet could cause a speaker to be prosecuted under the Act by having a minor view the online speech , " says the complaint , " resulting in a ' heckler ’s veto ' of Internet speech ' where the person who objects can always override those who do not .
According to the complaint , the new rules also inappropriately extend Massachusetts law over the entire Internet and violates the Interstate Commerce Clause of the constitution .
The ACLU wants the new legislative language tossed , though it does not object to the original " harmful to minors " law .
( CNN ) -- J.D. Moyer decided recently to conduct a little experiment with artificial light and his sleep cycle .
The sleep - deprived Oakland , California , resident had read that strong light -- whether it 's beaming down from the sun or up from the screens of personal electronics -- can reset a person 's internal sleep clock .
So , for one month , whenever the sun set , he turned off all the gadgets and lights in his house -- from the bulb hidden in his refrigerator to his laptop computer .
It worked .
Instead of falling asleep at midnight , Moyer 's head was hitting the pillow as early as 9 p.m .
He felt so well - rested during the test , he said , that friends remarked on his unexpected morning perkiness .
" I had the experience , a number of times , just feeling kind of unreasonably happy for no reason .
And it was the sleep , " he said .
" Sure , you can get by with six or seven hours , but sleeping eight or nine hours -- it 's a different state of mind . "
Moyer may be onto something .
More than ever , consumer electronics -- particularly laptops , smartphones and Apple 's new iPad -- are shining bright light into our eyes until just moments before we doze off .
Now there 's growing concern that these glowing gadgets may actually fool our brains into thinking it 's daytime .
Exposure can disturb sleep patterns and exacerbate insomnia , some sleep researchers said in interviews .
" Potentially , yes , if you 're using [ the iPad or a laptop ] close to bedtime ... that light can be sufficiently stimulating to the brain to make it more awake and delay your ability to sleep , " said Phyllis Zee , a neuroscience professor at Northwestern University and director of the school 's Center for Sleep & Circadian Biology .
" And I think more importantly , it could also be sufficient to affect your circadian rhythm .
This is the clock in your brain that determines when you sleep and when you wake up . "
Such concerns are not entirely new :
One sleep researcher said Thomas Edison created these problems when he invented the light bulb .
But they 've been revived by the popularity of Apple 's new slate computer , the iPad , which many consumers say is good for reading at night in bed , when the brain thinks the environment should be dark .
Unlike paper books or e-book readers like the Amazon Kindle , which does not emit its own light , the iPad 's screen shines light directly into the reader 's eyes from a relatively close distance .
That makes the iPad and laptops more likely to disrupt sleep patterns than , say , a television sitting across the bedroom or a lamp that illuminates a paper book , both of which shoot far less light straight into the eye , researchers said .
" I wish people would just take a boring book -- an old - fashioned book -- and [ read ] by a lamp .
Make sure that it's not too bright -- just so you can read , " said Alon Avidan , associate director of the Sleep Disorders Center at UCLA .
" And if they do that , I think they 'll feel a lot better and they 'll be able to relax . "
These concerns stem from the fact that people are biologically wired to be awake when the sun is out .
When receptors in our eyes are hit with bright light for an extended period of time , they send a message to the brain saying it 's time to be awake .
The brain , in turn , stops secreting a hormone called melatonin , which makes people sleepy and helps regulate the internal sleep clock .
Normally , our brains start giving us that hormonal sleep aid at about 9 or 10 p.m .
But if bright lights are shining in our eyes , that may not happen as planned .
That 's what worries some sleep researchers .
To make matters worse , our eyes are particularly sensitive to blue light , which is common during the day , but is less so in the evening .
The fact that computer screens and phones tend to put out a lot of blue light could intensify the screen 's awakening effects , even if the light is n't all that bright .
There 's no exact formula for determining how much light is needed to reset a person 's internal clock .
Several factors are at play , including how bright the light is , what hues are present , how large the light source is , how far it is from the person 's eyes and what that person tends to do during the day .
A farmer who is exposed to sunlight all day long would likely be less sensitive to artificial light at night than a person who works in a dimmer office environment , said Mariana Figueiro , an assistant professor and director of the Lighting Research Center at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy , New York .
While there has been research to show that light -- even artificial light -- can affect human melatonin production , no research has been done specifically on whether the iPad and laptops disrupt sleep cycles .
Some researchers are skeptical of the link .
" I do n't think it 's an area of concern .
I think it's an area of personal preference , " said Mary Lou Jackson , director of vision rehabilitation at the Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary , which is affiliated with Harvard Medical School .
People should n't be concerned about reading on backlit electronic devices at night unless they 're experiencing insomnia , in which case they should dim the screen , Jackson said .
Several iPad owners contacted by CNN said they enjoy reading on the device before bed and have n't noticed sleep problems .
Apple did not respond to a request for comment on this story .
George Brainard , director of the Light Research Program at Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , said it 's more important for people to turn off their computers and gadgets at night -- so they have a dark sleeping environment -- than to worry about reading in bright conditions before bed .
Electronics with glowing screens may create problems for people who are susceptible to insomnia , he said , but that research has n't shown the link yet .
" Can we jump from [ the available research ] to an iPad ?
Not quite yet , " he said .
" But you can begin to see the potential is there for low levels of light to potentially have a biological effect . "
Avidian , from UCLA , said several factors play into how well a person sleeps .
It 's possible iPads and laptops , when used late at night , may delay sleep because they require more focus and provide more potential distractions than books , he said .
Still , the possible relationship between reading at night on backlit screens and insomnia has led some sleep doctors to prescribe zany solutions for patients .
Figueiro , the professor at RPI , prescribes sunglasses with orange lenses .
" Wearing these orange glasses definitely will take away any of the [ blue ] light that the circadian system is sensitive to , " she said .
" Your circadian system would basically be blind . "
Zee , the Northwestern doctor , said she has recommended the same .
She also says people who have trouble sleeping should keep iPads and laptops out of the bedroom .
It 's best to stop using them one or two hours before going to bed , she said .
Changing your computer or iPad 's screen settings to make the display dimmer or take blue hues out of the display at night may also help , researchers said .
A free , downloadable program called F.lux will automatically adjust the hues on your computer screen to eliminate blues when the sun starts setting -- and then replace them when it rises again .
The program , which was developed by a computer programmer and an artist , is not scientific .
Sleep researchers said they are unsure of its actual impact .
Moyer , the Oakland resident who turned off all of his gadgets and lights at sundown for a month in 2009 , said he has n't kept up the rigid routine .
But he has applied some lessons from his lights - off - at - night experiment .
For one , he uses the computer less at night .
And when he needs to use it , he employs F.lux to make the screen more red and less blue .
He says he 's happier and more rested for it .
- REGULAR SEASON - - PLAYOFFS - Season Team LGE GP G A PTS PIM GP G A PTS PIM 1995 - 96 Boston College NCAA 34 16 29 45 32 - - - - - 1996-97 Boston College NCAA 35 20 24 44 31 - - - - - 1997-98 Boston College NCAA 42 33 40 73 56 - - - - - 1998-99 St. Louis Blues NCAA 22 3 7 10 8 - - - - - 1998-99 Worcester IceCats AHL 44 17 22 39 24 4 2 1 3 6 1999-00 Worcester IceCats AHL 44 23 28 51 39 - - - - - 1999-00 St. Louis Blues NHL 32 10 14 24 20 7 2 1 3 4 2000 - 01 Worcester IceCats AHL 34 17 18 35 25 - - - - - 2000-01 St. Louis Blues NHL 41 4 9 13 14 10 3 1 4 0 2001 - 02 Edmonton Oilers NHL 52 6 5 11 41 - - - - - 2002-03 Hamilton Bulldogs AHL 2 0 2 2 2 - - - - - 2002-03 Edmonton Oilers NHL 70 11 20 31 28 - - - - - 2003 -04 Edmonton Oilers AHL 17 2 6 8 10 - - - - - 2004-05 Salzburg EC Aust 11 5 4 9 12 - - - - - 2005 -06 Edmonton Oilers NHL 58 9 17 26 20 - - - - - 2005 -06 Boston Bruins NHL 19 2 6 8 8 - - - - - 2006-07 Edmonton Oilers NHL 72 6 14 20 60 - - - - - 2007-08 Edmonton Oilers NHL 82 11 14 25 50 - - - - - 2008-09 Atlanta Thrashers NHL 79 14 16 30 36 - - - - - 2009 - 10 Atlanta Thrashers NHL 80 4 13 17 24 - - - - - NHL TOTALS 624 82 141 223 319 23 6 2 8 6
“ We are very pleased to have acquired Marty , ” said Tallon .
“ He is a hard working , veteran center who is good on face - offs and can be counted upon to play in all game situations .
We look forward to his contributions to our club .
” Reasoner , 33 , has played in 624 career National Hockey League contests for St. Louis ( 1998 -2001 ) , Edmonton ( 2001-2006 & 2006-08 ) , Boston ( 2006 ) and Atlanta ( 2008 - 10 ) scoring 82 goals with 141 assists and 319 PIM .
The Honeoye Falls , NY native has spent the last two seasons playing for the Atlanta Thrashers , appearing in his 600th career NHL game on Feb. 5 , 2010 at Washington .
A first round pick ( 14th overall ) of the St. Louis Blues in 1996 NHL Entry Draft , Reasoner played three years at Boston College ( 1995 - 98 ) .
He was named Rookie of the Year his freshmen year , and named All - American his junior season when he led the Eagles to the NCAA finals .
Reasoner , along with Atlanta 's first and second round picks in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft , Joey Crabb and Jeremy Morin were acquired by the Chicago Blackhawks on June 24 , 2010 , in a multiplayer deal that sent Dustin Byfuglien , Ben Eager , Brent Sopel and Akim Aliu to the Thrashers .
Marty Reasoner ’s Career Statistics : Sunrise Sports & Entertainment is the premier company of its kind in South Florida .
Follow us on Twitter , Facebook and YouTube .
Home to more than 200 events annually and the Florida Panthers Hockey Club , the BankAtlantic Center was a finalist for Arena of the Year in annual awards given by trade publication Pollstar .
The BankAtlantic Center welcomes more than two million guests each year .
Speculation continues to swirl around the future of the Pac - 10 and Big 12 as both conferences hold meetings to discuss what 's next in college sports ' impending game of musical chairs .
Add to that a report Friday from The Columbus Dispatch that Ohio State president Gordon Gee has had an e-mail conversation about expansion with his counterpart at Texas , William Powers , and the Big Ten 's future is also in the news .
The Big 12 , meeting this week in Kansas City amid rumors of a breakup , seems to have come out intact -- for now .
Commissioner Dan Beebe said Friday that he is " comfortable " the league will remain intact .
After four days of meetings , the future of the 14 - year - old league seemed perhaps less secure than ever .
Beebe and many of his colleagues hoped the spring meetings would end with a declaration of unbreakable solidarity .
That did n't happen .
All Beebe could do Friday was say he's an optimistic fellow by nature and that a " process " had been put in place by Big 12 presidents to ensure the long - term viability of a conference that has greatly increased revenue for its members , but still not kept pace in television dollars with the other big boys .
The presidents are scheduled to meet again in October .
" I am comfortable , " Beebe said as meetings wrapped up .
" There 's still a process we 're going through but based on the conversations we had I think we 're in a very good position . "
He would not discuss how the process will keep the Big 12 intact .
" The process that has been set is firm .
But I 'm not going to engage in what that is , " he said .
Out of the East is a threat from the Big Ten , perhaps interested in luring away Nebraska , Missouri and Texas .
In the West , the Pac - 10 may be eyeing Colorado and a group of Texas schools .
Nebraska and Missouri triggered talk of a Big 12 breakup by indicating they would be interested in talking to the expansion - minded Big Ten .
Then on Thursday , a blog report went through these meetings like a lightning bolt with word that the Pac - 10 planned to invite six Big 12 schools and create two eight - team divisions .
Colorado athletic director Mike Bohn later said he thought the report was valid , and Beebe and Texas president Bill Powers decided to cancel their scheduled news conference .
The driving issue of all the expansion talk is money , and the possibility of schools greatly boosting revenue by adding to their inventory of television homes .
The drop - dead date may be October , the next time the Big 12 presidents meet .
It could hardly be longer away than February , when they meet just before Beebe begins negotiations on a new cable deal with Fox .
As a sales pitch to keep the league together , Beebe spent the week explaining that he expected huge increases in rights fees from both Fox and ESPN .
Unfortunately for those wanting to keep the Big 12 intact , its more lucrative contract with ESPN runs through the 2015 - 16 academic year .
The greatly staggered contract dates are not working in the Big 12's favor as it seeks to keep up with other leagues .
" We have had analysis and projections that look like we 're going to be every bit as well compensated in the future , " Beebe said .
Under their present television deals , Big 12 members received between $ 7 million and $ 10 million each last year , depending on how many appearances each school made .
The Big Ten , enriched by its Big Ten cable network , distributed some $ 22 million to each member last season .
An expanded Pac - 10 could launch its own TV network and command huge money .
Texas , Texas Tech , Texas A&M , Oklahoma , Oklahoma State and Colorado were said to be on the Pac - 10's shopping list .
If they take that deal and Nebraska and Missouri go to the Big Ten , Baylor , Iowa State , Kansas and Kansas State would be in danger of not belonging to a BCS league -- a crisis for those institutions .
Washington athletic director Scott Woodward said Thursday reports of a larger Pac - 10 are " all speculation , " but he did concede to the Seattle Times " there is an enormous amount of speculation about conference expansion right now and I think with the Pac - 10 that anything is possible , all the way from remaining with the status quo , where we are today , to a full merger with the Big 12 and anything in between .
All possibilities are viable and open for discussion . "
The Pac - 10 meets this weekend in San Francisco .
Pac - 10 commissioner Larry Scott said the league continues to conduct an " exhaustive and proactive " evaluation of its future .
Friday , The Columbus Dispatch first reported the e-mail exchange between Gee and Powers , plus another between Gee and Big Ten commissioner Jim Delany .
" I did speak with Bill Powers at Texas , who would welcome a call to say they have a ' Tech ' problem , " Gee wrote in an e-mail sent to Delany and obtained by the Dispatch through a public - records request for documents and correspondence related to Big Ten expansion proposals .
The Tech problem presumably involves Texas Tech , a school some feel would have to come with Texas and Texas A&M in any bid for those schools to join the Big Ten .
The day before writing about his conversation with Powers , Gee wrote Delany to say he was " of the mind that we control our destiny at the moment , but the window will soon close on us .
Agility and swiftness of foot is our friend . "
Delany said : " We are fast - tracking it but need to know the $ and observe contracts , " according to the Dispatch .
Information from The Associated Press is included in this report .
The Democrats are trying to figure out how to get some $ 38 billion in war - related funding through the House and onto the president 's desk .
| REUTERS
War - funding puzzle stumps Dems
House Democratic support for the war in Afghanistan has eroded to a point where President Barack Obama is now so reliant on Republican votes that he ’s backtracking from his own party ’s efforts to add new education funding to avert teacher layoffs .
The conflict showed itself Tuesday night as Democrats began spelling out the details of what domestic funds are proposed to be added to a Senate - passed version of the same war - funding bill .
The 110 page amendment was posted on the House Rules Committee website even as the House Democratic whip organization circulated a summary that included border security and nuclear energy credits along with nearly $ 15 billion for education .
Advertisement
No indication was given of an administration position pro or con : TBA was the operative acronym .
But unless it steps forward more , the White House risks further straining relations with Democrats , already frustrated by the president ’s lukewarm support of new jobs and economic relief legislation going into November ’s elections .
The changed war funding dynamic is crucial .
In a similar fight a year ago , Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) was able to hold her losses to just 32 Democrats and still prevail with token support from five Republicans .
Nothing like that seems possible now with Democratic defections pegged at closer to 80 or 90 votes , and the speaker , perhaps fearful of criticism from the left , refusing to say how she will vote on the war funds .
The dynamics within the House Appropriations Committee are also different since the death of Rep. John Murtha ( D - Pa. ) last winter and the pending retirement of Appropriations Chairman Dave Obey ( D - Wis . ) .
Rep. Norm Dicks ( D - Wash . ) , who inherited Murtha ’s defense panel and is slated to move up to Obey ’s post next year , has yet to step forward forcefully , creating a power vacuum that can hurt the administration ’s cause .
At the same time , Obey — a critic of the war — has pursued the teachers pay issue with the passion of a man who knows his time in office is running out and that he may not have a better shot to boost education funding this year .
The documents released last night anticipate a $ 10 billion Education Jobs Fund intended to help local school boards , hurt by the economic downturn , to retain an estimated 140,000 employees .
Another $ 4.95 billion is provided to fill a widely acknowledged shortfall in Pell Grant funding for low - income college students .
Border security accounts are promised $ 701 million in new spending , and $ 180 million would serve to support billions in loan guarantees for the nuclear industry and new renewable technologies .
To offset the costs , about $ 12 billion would be rescinded from prior appropriations including unspent funds from last year ’s Recovery Act .
Defense , highway construction , and pandemic flu programs are among those hit , and new legislation would bar pharmaceutical companies from paying competitors to delay bringing generic drugs to market .
Democrats are pledging to offset any domestic spending that goes beyond Obama ’s request , but at this stage , Republicans remain adamantly opposed to much of the domestic add - ons and appear to have a virtual veto given their hold on the war funds .
The White House has been careful thus far not to press the Democrats to give in for fear that would provoke a backlash .
But with the July 4 recess beginning this weekend , the administration would prefer that the House take the path of least GOP resistance — namely , accepting a clean version of the $ 58.9 billion Senate - passed war - funding bill .
“ That ’s a shocker .
The White House would want us to take the Senate bill .
That ’s their general position , ” Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) told POLITICO with some sarcasm — and laughter .
Salvaging the education money is still a priority , but Hoyer and Majority Whip James Clyburn ( D - S.C. ) each said separately that taking the Senate bill was now a “ possible ” outcome .
“ It ’s one of the options , ” Clyburn said .
Since late last week , Democrats have been polling their members to gauge support for the estimated $ 37 billion in war - related funding requested by the president and what ’s now a roughly equal package of spending including disaster aid , Haiti earthquake relief , veterans ’ benefits and the teacher assistance .
“ We ’re trying to put the pieces of a puzzle together that do n’t quite fit together , ” Rep. Robert Andrews ( D - N.J. ) said in an interview .
“ Our problem right now is a significant number of moderates do n’t want to vote for the domestic spending and a significant number of progressives do n’t want to vote for the war funding . ”
A House Democratic Caucus meeting Tuesday was devoted to the question of what steps the party should take to stimulate employment .
But just as the war debate has shifted , so has the willingness of many in the party to embrace any new spending , even if it ’s paid for with other revenues .
“ There are a number of moderates who feel that any pay - fors should be for deficit reduction , not to offset new spending , ” Andrews said .
“ If you have $ 10 billion laying around for teachers , reduce the deficit by $ 10 billion . ”
With its outcome never in doubt , Tuesday ’s Senate confirmation hearing for Gen.
David Petraeus , the new U.S. commander for the war , was an opportunity to try to strengthen its case on the other side of the Capitol as well .
Under questioning by Sen. Jack Reed ( D - R.I. ) , Petraeus said the stepped - up fighting by the Taliban gives the lie to the notion that the insurgents believe the U.S. will leave soon and suggests that American attacks have been more damaging to the Taliban than credited .
“ They ’re fighting to retain safe havens and sanctuaries that they ’ve been able to establish in recent years , ” Petraeus said .
“ When we take them away , they must retake them .
Marja was — Marja was the nexus of the Taliban .
It had IED - producing factories , if you will , supplies , headquarters , medical facilities , and the illegal narcotics industry all tied into one .
They lost a great deal when they lost Marja , and it ’s not surprising that they fight back . ”
But the general warned of the politics as well .
“ They ’re also fighting to break our will .
This is a contest of wills .
And they can sense concern in various capitals around the world , and of course , they want to increase that concern . ”
Shorten your time of reading mega bytes of log files !
DE 2016 - 01 Supporting Don HO's NotePad ++ see http://notepad-plus-plus.org/
This sources are a dockable pattern search plugin for Notepad ++ version 5.1 or later .
With this plugin you can search for multiple patterns in any of the opened documents in NotePad ++.
You may want to tune your search using all fancy tricks from NPP like regular expressions or escaped patterns and give each of the searches different colors .
The result will be stored in a dockable window in same ordering as in the origin and a double click allows you to jump to the original position .
It is designed to treat log -files of typical size like 60 MB .
More features can be found in the help dialogue of the plugin .
For generating the dll file I use a msdev compiler .
If you like to port it to other OSs just let me know your changes and I 'll incorporate it .
Best Regards , Mattes H .
( CNN ) -- " I 'm spiritual but not religious . "
It 's a trendy phrase people often use to describe their belief that they do n't need organized religion to live a life of faith .
But for Jesuit priest James Martin , the phrase also hints at something else : egotism .
" Being spiritual but not religious can lead to complacency and self - centeredness , " says Martin , an editor at America , a national Catholic magazine based in New York City .
" If it 's just you and God in your room , and a religious community makes no demands on you , why help the poor ? "
Religious debates erupt over everything from doctrine to fashion .
Martin has jumped into a running debate over the " I 'm spiritual but not religious " phrase .
The " I 'm spiritual but not religious " community is growing so much that one pastor compared it to a movement .
In a 2009 survey by the research firm LifeWay Christian Resources , 72 percent of millennials ( 18 - to 29 - year - olds ) said they 're " more spiritual than religious . "
The phrase is now so commonplace that it 's spawned its own acronym ( " I'm SBNR " ) and Facebook page : SBNR.org .
But what exactly does being " spiritual but not religious " mean , and could there be hidden dangers in living such a life ?
Did you choose " Burger King Spirituality " ?
Heather Cariou , a New York City - based author who calls herself spiritual instead of religious , does n't think so .
She 's adopted a spirituality that blends Buddhism , Judaism and other beliefs .
" I do n't need to define myself to any community by putting myself in a box labeled Baptist , or Catholic , or Muslim , " she says .
" When I die , I believe all my accounting will be done to God , and that when I enter the eternal realm , I will not walk though a door with a label on it . "
BJ Gallagher , a Huffington Post blogger who writes about spirituality , says she 's SBNR because organized religion inevitably degenerates into tussles over power , ego and money .
Gallagher tells a parable to illustrate her point :
" God and the devil were walking down a path one day when God spotted something sparkling by the side of the path .
He picked it up and held it in the palm of his hand .
" Ah , Truth , " he said .
" Here , give it to me , " the devil said .
" I 'll organize it . "
Gallagher says there 's nothing wrong with people blending insights from different faith traditions to create what she calls a " Burger King Spirituality -- have it your way . "
She disputes the notion that spiritual people shun being accountable to a community .
" Twelve - step people have a brilliant spiritual community that avoids all the pitfalls of organized religion , " says Gallagher , author of " The Best Way Out is Always Through . "
" Each recovering addict has a ' god of our own understanding , ' and there are no priests or intermediaries between you and your god .
It 's a spiritual community that works . ''
Nazli Ekim , who works in public relations in New York City , says calling herself spiritual instead of religious is her way of taking responsibility for herself .
Ekim was born in a Muslim family and raised in Istanbul , Turkey .
She prayed to Allah every night , until she was 13 and had to take religion classes in high school .
Then one day , she says she had to take charge of her own beliefs .
" I had this revelation that I bow to no one , and I 've been spiritually a much happier person , " says Ekim , who describers herself now as a Taoist , a religious practice from ancient China that emphasizes the unity of humanity and the universe .
" I make my own mistakes and take responsibility for them .
I 've lied , cheated , hurt people -- sometimes on purpose .
Did I ever think I will burn in hell for all eternity ?
I did n't .
Did I feel bad and made up for my mistakes ?
I certainly did , but not out of fear of God . "
Going on a spiritual walkabout
The debate over being spiritual rather than religious is not just about semantics .
It 's about survival .
Numerous surveys show the number of Americans who do not identify themselves as religious has been increasing and likely will continue to grow .
A 2008 survey conducted by Trinity College in Hartford , Connecticut , dubbed these Americans who do n't identify with any religion as " Nones . "
Seminaries , churches , mosques and other institutions will struggle for survival if they do n't somehow convince future generations that being religious is n't so bad after all , religion scholars warn .
Jennifer Walters , dean of religious life at Smith College in Massachusetts , says there 's a lot of good in old - time religion .
Religious communities excel at caring for members in difficult times , encouraging members to serve others and teaching religious practices that have been tested and wrestled with for centuries , Walters says .
" Hymn - singing , forms of prayer and worship , teachings about social justice and forgiveness -- all these things are valuable elements of religious wisdom , " Walters says .
" Piecing it together by yourself can be done , but with great difficulty . "
Being a spiritual Lone Ranger fits the tenor of our times , says June - Ann Greeley , a theology and philosophy professor .
" Religion demands that we accord to human existence some absolutes and eternal truths , and in a post - modern culture , that becomes all but impossible , " says Greeley , who teaches at Sacred Heart University in Connecticut .
It 's much easier for " spiritual " people to go on " spiritual walkabouts , " Greeley says .
" People seem not to have the time nor the energy or interest to delve deeply into any one faith or religious tradition , " Greeley says .
" So they move through , collecting ideas and practices and tenets that most appeal to the self , but making no connections to groups or communities . "
Being spiritual instead of religious may sound sophisticated , but the choice may ultimately come down to egotism , says Martin , the Jesuit priest , who writes about the phrase in his book , " The Jesuit Guide to ( Almost Everything ) . "
" Religion is hard , " he says .
" Sometimes it 's just too much work .
People do n't feel like it .
I have better things to do with my time .
It 's plain old laziness . "
This following list provides designated items which should not be taxed with 12 % HST in British Columbia , only 5 % GST component should apply .
If a person purchases a designated item at a retail establishment or through the Internet , the retailer would automatically provide the purchaser with the point - of - sale rebate , crediting the 7 % B.C. component of the HST and only collecting the 5 % federal component of the HST on that item .
For simplicity , specific affected goods marked in bold .
The list of designated items is :
Motor Fuels
Similar to the sales tax treatment under B.C. ’s current Provincial Sales Tax ( PST ) , certain motor fuels would be eligible for a point–of –sale rebate of the seven per cent B.C. component of the HST .
The following would qualify as motor fuel for the purpose of the point–of –sale rebate of the B.C. component of the HST :
gasoline – type fuels , including ethanol – gasoline blends , that are suitable for use in internal combustion engines and are marketed or sold as fuel for that purpose ;
diesel , bio – diesel and bio – diesel blends , but not including heavy fuel oil , that are suitable for use in internal combustion engines of the compression – ignition type and are marketed or sold as fuel for that purpose , other than any such fuel that is marketed or sold as fuel for use as heating oil , including locomotive fuel and marine diesel , marketed or sold as fuel for use in trains or boats ; and
aircraft fuel , including aviation gasoline and jet fuel , that is suitable for use in an engine or in a turbine that propels an aircraft and is marketed or sold as fuel for that purpose .
The following fuels ( including any bio–fuel equivalent or blend ) would NOT qualify for the point - of –sale rebate of the seven per cent B.C. component of the HST :
heating oil and furnace oil ;
heavy fuel oil , including marine bunker fuel ( or bunker oil ) ;
hydrogen ;
kerosene ( excluding jet fuel ) ;
natural gas and natural gas liquids ( e.g. , liquefied natural gas or LNG ) ; and
propane and liquefied petroleum gas ( LPG ) .
Where heating oil , furnace oil , natural gas and propane are purchased for residential use , they may be eligible for the provincially administered rebate for residential energy .
Books
Similar to the provincial point–of –sale rebates offered in the current HST participating provinces ( Nova Scotia , New Brunswick , and Newfoundland and Labrador ) , B.C. proposes to provide a point–of –sale rebate of the seven per cent B.C. component of the HST to all persons who purchase books .
The following would qualify as books for the purpose of the point–of –sale rebate of the B.C. component of the HST :
a printed book or an update of a printed book ;
an audio recording all or substantially all of which is a spoken reading of a printed book ( an audio book ) ;
a bound or unbound printed version of scripture of any religion ;
a printed book and a read – only medium ( such as a CD – ROM ) sold together as a single package , when all or substantially all of the value of the material contained on the read - only medium is reasonably attributable to a reproduction of the printed book and / or material that makes specific reference to the printed book and its content and that supplements and is integrated with that content ; and
a printed book and a read – only medium and / or a right to access a website sold together as a single package , which is specially designed for students enrolled in a qualifying course , when the read – only medium or website contains material related to the subject matter of the printed book .
A qualifying course means a course where the supply of the service of instructing in the course is an exempt supply included in Part III of Schedule V to the federal Excise Tax Act or would be an exempt supply included in that Part but for the fact that the supplier made an election under that Part .
The following items , including anything having the following items as its main component , would NOT qualify as a printed book for the purpose of the point–of –sale rebate of the B.C. component of the HST :
a newspaper ;
a magazine or periodical , unless it is purchased by subscription and the printed space of the magazine or periodical devoted to advertising is not more than five per cent of the total printed space ;
a brochure or pamphlet ;
a sales catalogue , a price list or advertising material ;
a warranty booklet or an owner ‘ s manual ;
a book designed primarily for writing on ;
a colouring book or a book designed primarily for drawing on or affixing thereto , or inserting therein , items such as clippings , pictures , coins , stamps or stickers ;
a cut – out book or a press – out book ;
a program relating to an event or performance ;
an agenda , calendar , syllabus or timetable ;
a directory , an assemblage of charts or an assemblage of street or road maps , but not including a guidebook or an atlas that consists in whole or in part of maps other than street or road maps ;
a rate book ;
an assemblage of blueprints , patterns or stencils ; or
an assemblage or a collection of , or any item similar to , the above items .
Electronic and digital publications would NOT qualify as printed books for the purpose of the point–of –sale rebate of the B.C. component of the HST for books .
Children ’s Clothing
Similar to the sales tax treatment of children ’s sized clothing under B.C. ’s current PST , children ’s sized clothing would be eligible for a point–of –sale rebate of the seven per cent B.C. component of the HST .
The following would qualify as children ’s clothing for the purpose of the point–of –sale rebate of the B.C. component of the HST :
garments designed for babies , including baby bibs , bunting blankets and receiving blankets ;
children ’s garments in sizes up to and including girls ’
Canada Standard Size 16 and boys ’ Canada Standard Size 20 or garments designated for boys or girls in sizes small , medium or large if the clothing does not have a designated Canada Standard Size ; and
children ’s hosiery or stretchy socks , hats , scarves , gloves and mittens in sizes and styles designated for children .
The following items would NOT qualify as children ’s clothing for the purpose of the point–of –sale rebate of the B.C. component of the HST :
adult sized clothing , even if purchased for a child ;
costumes ;
clothing and accessories designed to prevent bodily injury ( e.g. , sports protective equipment ) ;
children ’s footwear ; or
children ’s diapers .
Children ’s footwear and children ’s diapers may qualify for their own point–of –sale rebates as described below .
Children ’s Footwear
Similar to the sales tax treatment for children ’s sized footwear under B.C. ’s current PST , children ’s sized footwear would be eligible for a point–of –sale rebate of the seven per cent B.C. component of the HST .
The following footwear would qualify for the purpose of the point–of –sale rebate of the B.C. component of the HST :
footwear designed for babies ;
footwear for girls in sizes up to and including girls ’ size 6 ;
footwear for boys in sizes up to and including boys ’ size 6 ; and
footwear without a numerical size that is designated for boys or girls in size small , medium or large .
The following items would NOT qualify as children ’s footwear for the purpose of the point–of –sale rebate of the B.C. component of the HST :
adult sized footwear ( i.e. , in sizes greater than 6 ) , even if purchased for a child ;
cleats , skates , roller blades , ski – boots , or similar footwear ;
footwear designed to prevent bodily injury ; or
stockings , socks or similar footwear ( these articles may qualify for a point – of – sale rebate if they qualify as children ’s clothing ) .
Children ’s Diapers
B.C. proposes to provide a point–of –sale rebate of the seven per cent B.C. component of the HST on purchases of diapers that are designed for babies and children .
Both cloth and disposable diapers would qualify for the point–of –sale rebate .
This point–of –sale rebate would replace B.C. ’s current PST exemption for cloth diapers .
Diapers designed for babies and children would include diaper inserts and liners , rubber pants , and training pants .
Children ’s Car Seats and Car Booster Seats
Similar to the sales tax treatment under B.C. ’s current PST , children ’s car seats and children ’s car booster seats would be eligible for a point–of –sale rebate of the seven per cent B.C. component of the HST .
The children ’s car seats and children ’s car booster seats that would qualify for the purpose of the point–of –sale rebate of the B.C. component of the HST are restraint systems or booster cushions that conform with Transport Canada ’s safety requirements for Standards 213 ( Child Restraint System ) , 213.1 ( Infant Restraint System ) , 213.2 ( Booster Cushion ) and 213.5 ( Restraint Systems for Infants With Special Needs ) as described under the federal Motor Vehicle Safety Act.
Children ’s car seats and children ’s car booster seats that do not meet Transport Canada ’s safety standards would NOT qualify for the point–of –sale rebate of the B.C. component of the HST .
Travel systems , which are combination stroller , carrier and car seat sold in a single package , would NOT qualify as children ’s car seats or children ’s car booster seats for the purpose of the point–of –sale rebate of the B.C. component of the HST .
Therefore , these items will be subject to the full 12 per cent HST .
Feminine Hygiene Products
Similar to the sales tax treatment under B.C. ’s current PST , feminine hygiene products would be eligible for a point–of –sale rebate of the seven per cent B.C. component of the HST .
The following items would qualify for the purpose of the point–of –sale rebate of the B.C. component of the HST :
sanitary napkins ,
tampons ,
sanitary belts
or other products marketed exclusively for purposes similar to the purposes for which sanitary napkins , tampons and sanitary belts are marketed .
PDF version of the document provided by Canada Revenue Agency is available here :
HST Exemptions – British Columbia
Just to make it clear – British Airways did n’t allow Osama bin Laden fly on them – I am sure there is no way he can fly on any airline right now !
It happens that his name was shown as the person flying in an advertisement for latest mobile ticketing service .
Check the add below –
According to the boarding pass , Mr Bin Laden flies in First class , and has a frequent flier number with Northwest Airlines .
Sadly , knowing the brilliant minds behind the anti-terror organizations , the terror level will be raised to “ red hot ” on October 26 2010 while airport police all around the world try to figure out which airport the most wanted terrorist in the world will be flying to .
Source : www.gadling.com
British Airways were quick to respond to the mistake – “ A mistake has been made in this internal publication and we are working to find out how this occurred “ .
First the volcanic ash , then the strike and now Osama bin laden ?
It seems like something that started as an interenal joke made it to the public – thanks to great proof reading !
Hawks know they wo n't all be together much longer
Blackhawks ' defenseman Brent Seabrook holds the Stanley Cup as the Chicago Cubs honor the 2010 Stanley Cup Champions before the start of Sunday 's game against the White Sox .
The Blackhawks continued to enjoy the Stanley Cup and each other Sunday , knowing this particular group wo n't be together too much longer .
With the draft less than two weeks away , it 's trade season in the NHL , and general manager Stan Bowman is expected to be a busy man with teams calling looking to help the Hawks deal with their significant salary - cap problem .
" It 's going to be a tough couple weeks if players do leave , " Patrick Sharp said .
" We 've just got to enjoy right now and celebrate as much as we can . "
The rumor mill already is churning with Sharp 's name being mentioned in several places .
The 28 - year - old center has two years left on his contract with a cap hit of $ 3.9 million , which is an attractive price for one of the game 's premier two - way players .
The Toronto Maple Leafs and the Columbus Blue Jackets are believed to be very interested in Sharp should the Hawks decide to move him .
Sharp could bring the most in return for the Hawks in terms of a high draft pick or top prospect .
" Sharp is a guy any team would love to have , " a league executive said during the Stanley Cup Finals .
" He might not be an elite player , but he 's just a notch below .
There are no flaws in his game . "
Nobody knows what Bowman and his staff is thinking when it comes to players they might look to move , whether it 's Sharp , Kris Versteeg , Dustin Byfuglien , Brian Campbell or others .
" I heard all those rumors since the start of last season and took it upon myself to block them out of my mind and not read too much into it , " Sharp said .
" I like to think I have a good relationship with Stan and Joel ( Quenneville ) , and whatever happens is going to happen .
I can't make the decision on that . "
Based on Byfuglien 's difference - making play in the playoffs , his size and his versatility , the Hawks are likely to keep the winger , who has one year left on his contract at $ 3 million .
Versteeg has two years remaining on his deal at $ 3 million .
There has been speculation the Edmonton Oilers would be interested in talking to the Hawks about the versatile winger .
The Hawks have big money tied up in Campbell , who has six years left on his contract with a cap hit of $ 7.1 million .
There may or may not be a team out there looking to take on that money , not that the Hawks will be looking to move the speedy defenseman .
However , if you remove Campbell 's $ 7.1 million and Cristobal Huet 's $ 5.62 million cap hits from the books , the Hawks would be in much better shape .
The problem , of course , is the Hawks have $ 58.8 million committed to just 14 players for 2010 - 11 , which includes Jonathan Toews ' $ 1.3 million bonus for winning the Conn Smythe Trophy .
John Madden , Adam Burish , Kim Johnsson and Nick Boynton are unrestricted free agents .
Madden and Boynton almost certainly are gone .
Johnsson has no chance of returning .
" We 've had a few moments where the guys are together and we realize we 're not going to be together and a lot of guys are going to be moving in different directions , " Madden said .
" We wish we could stay together , but the cap issue is going to be a problem , not only for us , but other teams , too .
" We have a good team , we have great guys and unfortunately we have to move on . "
The restricted free agents are Antti Niemi , Andrew Ladd , Niklas Hjalmarsson , Ben Eager , Colin Fraser , Jack Skille , Bryan Bickell and Jordan Hendry .
Niemi's winning the Cup throws a wrench into the Hawks ' money picture .
He made $ 827,000 this season and could be looking for a huge raise , likely to be at least $ 3 million a year .
" I do n't want to talk about that right now , " Niemi said .
" It 's something we 'll have to talk to my agent and team about . "
A visitor stands in front of paintings by Georg Baselitz during the reopening of the Albertinum , a museum of the Dresden State Art Collection ( SKD ) .
The Albertinum is dedicated to art from the last 200 years .
Originally built in 1559 , the Albertinum was badly damaged by bombs in 1945 and again by flooding in 2002 .
The € 51 million renovation took more than five years to complete .
The new exhibition halls are shared by the Galerie Neue Meister and the Skulpturensammlung .
The holdings of both museums , with paintings ranging from Caspar David Friedrich to Gerhard Richter and sculptures ranging from Rodin to the 21st century , have an outstanding worldwide reputation .
AP
This just in : MCSO 's fearless leader Sheriff Joe is heading into the desert today to hunt for illegal aliens in the oven - like temperatures .
And he 's breaking out the big guns , or at least one of them -- a .50 caliber machine gun , in case they run into any of them - thar narco - terrorists .
His latest media advisory , which asks that this info be embargoed till 5 p.m. , states that the sheriff 's office " will be launching a crime suppression / saturation operation this afternoon in a desolate desert corridor south of Gila Bend . "
" Desolate desert corridor " ?
That 's straight out of an episode of Scooby - Doo .
Or it would be , were Arpaio not rolling out everything but his tank .
( Whatever happened to that , BTW ? )
Maybe it 's too hot for the tank .
The embargoed release states : " The Sheriff has also ordered the deployment of his .50 caliber machine gun as a precautionary measure based on recent reports of heavily armed human and drug traffickers . "
Shucks , this is starting to sound like neo - Nazi J.T. Ready 's Vekol Valley patrol .
Maybe the sheriff could give J.T. a call and ask him to lend a hand .
BTW , when Arpaio announces a " crime suppression " operation , he means a Hispanic - hunting sweep , where people are pulled over for broken tail lights and such so MCSO deputies can try to suss if they 're undocumented or not .
Hopefully , Arpaio wo n't need to unleash the machine gun on some of those deadly scofflaws .
The media is invited to share the sheriff 's command post , which will be at " the end of Butterfield Trail near Gila bend south of Interstate 8 as it turns into the desert . "
Would love to make it , but he almost never lets me into his press conferences anyway .
Plus , watching Arpaio's hair wilt in the 111 degree heat while he stands next to a machine gun is not my idea of a story .
Update :
You can read the press release for the operation , here .
( This one was sent out after my blog post . )
They were in the Vekol Valley .
You know , just like the neo -Nazis .
According to a KPHO report , the 100 posse members and deputies had collared only 11 people by night 's end .
Our armed services , the forces that helped liberate us from colonialism are doing no better : gay people must still live in enforced Congressional silence .
As our politicians continue to debate a Don't Ask , Don't Tell repeal , it 's important to remember the gays who helped forge our beloved nation .
Well , Americans , it 's been 234 years since our revered Founding Fathers declared this young nation independent .
It has been a hard road , to be sure , and yet our democracy remains adolescent : rampant discrimination continues to plague our land , such as the fact that people can still lose their job for being a little thing like LGBT , or are turned away from the wedding line simply because they and their partner have identical genitals .
It 's an affront to the American dream .
Social conservatives do n't want to believe it , but gay folk have a long history in the U.S. Army .
They have just as long a history of being persecuted by our armed services .
The seminal U.S. discharge came in the form of Lt. Frederick Gotthold Enslin , who in 1778 , the middle of our glorious revolution , was ejected from the Continental Army for allegedly trying to " sodomize " a fellow soldier .
Gen. George Washington and company were not impressed , and the future President demanded that poor Enslin be " dismiss 'd [ from ] the service with Infamy . "
He was " to be drummed out of Camp tomorrow morning by all the Drummers and Fifers in the Army , never to return . "
That 's a pretty dishonorable discharge , and one that social conservatives enjoy using to their advantage .
Social conservatives have tried to use Washington 's reaction to justify why gays should not be allowed to serve openly .
" If members of Congress and homosexual activists want to argue for repeal of the existing law in order to allow homosexuals to serve openly in the military , let them make their case , " wrote Family Research Council 's Peter Sprigg two years ago .
" But it is sheer nonsense to claim that such an action would be anything but a radical deviation from the unbroken practice of the American military throughout our country 's history . "
Of course Enslin was n't the only same - sex loving soldier fighting for our independence .
As always , it 's difficult to pin the " gay " label on those who lived before the word " homosexual " came into being in 1869 .
Still , one of George Washington 's closest confidantes , Friedrich Wilhelm von Steuben , definitely qualifies as sexually suspicious .
The Germans certainly believed so : they booted him from their ranks in 1776 , after von Steuben was accused of homo relations .
Unwanted in his homeland , the military office high - tailed it to the United States , where he joined Washington at Valley Forge in 1777 .
He would soon become the armed service 's first inspector general , and Washington 's Chief of Staff .
In addition to training young cadets , von Steuben also initiated sanitation programs at military bases , and helped turn revolutionary Americans onto the power of the bayonet , which he taught them could be used as an effective weapon , rather than just a cooking implement .
Perhaps most importantly , however , von Steuben helped establish the Regulations for the Order and Discipline of the Troops of the United States , a form of which our armed services still use today .
Our government has denoted two key dates to remember our fallen soldiers : Veteran 's Day and Memorial Day .
If you ask me , though , anyone who cares about this nation , particularly its unachieved democratic dreams , should remember fallen soldiers every day , especially those who fought for our independence .
If it were n't for them , we would all be speaking with funny foreign accents and saying " cheerio . "
Our armed martyrs , even those who dare not speak their sexual names , helped us achieve this spirited , almost divine independence .
The best way to honor Enslin , von Steuben and the rest would be to allow modern day patriots like Dan Choi fight for the nation they love so much .
Now , if only we could convince our ideological enemies to see the truth : gay people helped give them the right to free speech .
They should use it to honor our fallen soldiers , rather than smear their names .
A little girl is sitting at a small table in what looks like an observation room .
“ Would you like a pony ? ” a man in a suit asks her .
“ Yeah , ” she replies .
He hands her a toy pony and she smiles big .
He turns to a second little girl , asks if she wants a pony , and she says yes .
He clicks his tongue and a real pony comes out .
The first little girl gives a look that could kill and says , “ You did n’t say you could have a real one . ”
“ You did n’t ask , ” he replies smugly .
This is one of three spots created by the Bartle Bogle Hegarty agency aimed at rebranding Ally and distancing it from the struggling automaker , General Motors .
The other two are similar bait - and - switch themes using kids — one involving a boy and a truck , the other , a girl and a bike .
The message : Other banks dupe you with the fine print —
Ally bank would n’t do that .
It 's a brilliant strategy when you 're trying to rebrand a bank in the middle of a recession blamed on banks :
Bring on the cute kids — and the pony !
The true genius of the spots is how real the reactions are from the kids .
Most of the time when kids act , it looks like they ’re reading lines from a script .
But when the pony girl realizes she got cheated out of a pony , she looks genuinely aggravated and ticked off — a complex reaction you ’d expect from an adult , not a child .
In the spot with the boy , when he gets handed a cardboard truck and says , " It 's a piece of junk ! , " it ’s raw frustration that we can all relate to , then laugh at because we ’re watching it being acted out by kids .
Watch the ads on the next page
It ’s “ a purity of human experience that you rarely see in advertising , ” said Barbara Lippman , a critic for Adweek .
“ It reminds me of the best stuff from the 60s , ” like “ Candid Camera ” and “ Kids Say the Darndest Things . ”
As it turns out , the shooting of these Ally commercials was a lot like “ Candid Camera . ”
The kids walked into the situation blind .
They did n’t know they were shooting a commercial .
The parents told them only that they were going to a meeting with someone and that they were going to get to play .
Director Hank Perlman of Hungry Manproductions specifically asked the parents not to prepare the kids too much .
“ It ’s fun for me when kids just act like kids , ” Perlman said .
“ I think people go about it the wrong way sometimes — they want kids to act instead of just being kids . ”
The set looked like an observation room — a wink to the audience that let them in on the “ Candid Camera ” style .
“ We wanted the audience to be aware that it was hidden cameras , ” Perlman said .
The cameras were hidden all over the room — on the ceiling , under tables — and there were not only cameras , but cameramen hiding in those giant white blocks in the background .
They had six cameras going at any given time .
There was no script .
The man / interviewer / jerk , played by actor RJ Kelly , welcomed the kids into the room .
He had Perlman on a bug in his ear , to help feed him a few lines and direction .
Perlman gives Kelly a lot of credit for getting a rise out of the kids , since he was the one “ on the front lines ” without a script .
And , he said , it also has a lot to do with casting the kids .
“ It kind of has to start with finding kids who are really funny and interesting — who have that spark that makes you want to watch them , ” Perlman said .
The kids in the spots are n't your typical blond - haired blue - eyed Brady - type kids :
The truck boy is chubby , the Pony girl is brunette and the bike girl is a redhead .
Perlman said that 's because he gravitates toward the quirky , smart , sassy , chubby , skinny , nerdy kids — not the “ cutesy wootsey ” stage kids — admitting that one of his favorite movie was the original “ Bad News Bears ” because of the oddball cast of kids .
To find the kids for the Ally commercials , they did traditional casting of kid actors , but also did “ real - people ” casting , scouting schools and recreation centers in New Jersey .
During the “ interviews , ” they ’d ask typical questions like “ What ’s your name ? , ” “ How old are you ? , ” “ Any brothers and sisters ? ” and “ What ’s your favorite flavor of ice cream ? , ” then threw them a curveball like “ Ever been to jail ? ” or “ Are you married ? ”
Some kids would sheepishly smile and say , “ No , of course I ’m not married . ”
The ones who stood out , Perlman said , were the ones who ran with it and said something like , “ Oh , I ’ve been married for three years now . ”
On Tuesday , we received a media request from Fox News , asking if someone from People For the American Way would be willing to appear on their program “ America ’s Newsroom ” the following morning to discuss what they are calling “ Texas Textbook Wars . ”
As we have been following the issue closely , we felt prepared to discuss it while being fully aware that Fox ’s coverage of the issue has been , top date , somewhat less than objective .
Nonetheless , we agreed to appear on this segment , only to be informed shortly thereafter that the segment would have to be bumped from Wednesday ’s program , due to the need to cover the results of Tuesday ’s various primary elections .
That seemed entirely reasonable and when Fox asked if we’d be willing to re-schedule the segment for the same time on Thursday , we agreed .
But then , late on Wednesday , we were informed by Fox that the segment was being dropped entirely and that we would n’t be appearing on the program to discuss this topic .
Again , that was perfectly understandable as these things happen .
But all of that took place behind the scenes at PFAW , leaving me was unaware that our participation in the segment had been canceled .
As such , I tuned into Fox ’s “ American ’s Newsroom ” yesterday morning expecting to see our Senior Fellow Peter Montgomery on the program discussing this issue … but instead , this is what I saw :
Watch the latest news video at video.
foxnews.com
Fox had dropped us from this segment and instead decided to just give “ concerned parent ” Terry Ann Kelly three minutes to explain how conservatives simply want to add some “ balance ” to the curriculum by teaching children about their religious freedoms .
Of course , Kelly is a bit more than just some “ concerned parent ” :
Terry Ann Kelly has an expansive background in public speaking , radio and television .
Over the past twenty years she has been the host for numerous local , regional and nationally syndicated radio programs .
She has taught public speaking and Business Communication classes at the university level for Baylor and Dallas Baptist University .
Inspiring audiences to impact their world , Terry Ann enjoys speaking to organizations and women ’s events across the country on topics varying from home and family life to moral and social issues .
She has appeared on programs such as Politically Incorrect with Bill Maher , seen by over 5 million viewers .
She is the co-author of the book , The Power of a Positive Friend ( Howard Publishing ) and writes articles for magazines and newspapers .
She founded Students Standing Strong in 2004 .
So after asking us to come on to debate this issue , Fox canceled on us , telling us that they were n’t going to run the segment … and then proceeded to still run the segment , with only the conservative side represented .
Tom Hoops , is a photographer originally from the UK , currently based in Asia .
Unconventional subjects , heavy use of black and white and a magnetic dark mood in every image make Tom Hoops ’ photographic style truly original and recognizable .
Tom Hoops , è un fotografo originario del Regno Unito , attualmente con sede in Asia .
Argomenti non convenzionali , l’impiego massiccio del bianco e nero e di una magnetica atmosfera scura conferisce ad ogni ritratto uno stile duro e davvero originale e riconoscibile .
> tomhoops.com
> tomhoops.com
My Anonamouse has got to be one of the most underrated BitTorrent trackers ever .
You do n’t often see invite requests for it on BitTorrent forums , you do n’t see it on those ‘ tracker levels ’ tables and you do n't see My Anonamouse invites being sold on Ebay .
Perhaps MyAN does not generate that much of a buzz in the BitTorrent scene due to the nature of content it tracks – the site does not index blockbuster movies , latest TV shows or video games .
However , those looking for a niche tracker to download eBooks or audio books would prefer this site over 20 General / 0 Day trackers any day .
My Anonamouse has a huge torrent index comprising of over 40000 torrents and it ’s simply one of the most resourceful sites on the net for E - books ( including novels ) , audiobooks , comics , magazines , music tutorials and other similar material .
If you still have n’t managed to get into this awesome tracker , registrations will be open for one week starting today .
Even though My Anonamouse receives a relatively low hype in the BitTorrent scene , it ’s not short of members .
The site currently has an active user base of over 33000 registered members ; quite an unusual feat for a niche private community .
The torrent count is equally high – as of 13/6/2010 there were 38000 active torrents indexed by MyAN ’s BitTorrent tracker ( and increase of 6000 from the 32000 torrents that were available in April 2010 ) .
Most of the folks who do know about My Anonamouse know it as a audiobooks only tracker .
While MyAN tracks a lot of audio books , that ’s not the only type of content you can find there .
For instance , there are over 8000 eBook torrents ( the actual number of books is much higher because some of these torrents are packs ) available on this site – that ’s more torrents than you can find on several specialized eBook trackers put together .
Alongside audiobooks and electronic books , MyAN tracks graphic novels , comics , magazines , newspapers , educational material as well as music related stuff such as guitar / bass tabs , sheet music , lick libraries and even concert videos .
Image : A screenshot of My Anoanamouse ’s torrent index – this shows some of the comics and ebooks uploaded to the tracker .
For screens of audiobooks and other material , read our previous review located here .
Now , with the increased popularity of portable devices such as Amazon Kindle and Apple iPad which make it easier to read E- books and listen to Audiobooks outside your computer , I can only see My Anonamouse becoming more popular in the future .
If you are a book lover , musician or a fan of magazines , newspapers or graphic novels , this site is highly recommended .
Getting into MyAN has never really been hard .
Although the site has had closed signups for the most part of its lifetime , interested members could always get in via invite applications ( as we mentioned here ) .
If you did n’t like to fill out the application form and submit it on the IRC channel , you now have a chance to join the site directly during My Anoanamouse special open signup period .
Site Name : My Anonamouse ( http://www.myanonamouse.net)
Signup URL : http://www.myanonamouse.net/signup_special.php
( open signups will last until 06-20-2010 23:59:59 GMT . )
Special thanks to ‘ Lazy Mouse ’ for the head ’s up .
Related Articles
The massive , floating drilling rig Deepwater Horizon was around 50 miles off the coast when it sank on the 22 April .
Now the area where it was once positioned in the Gulf of Mexico is comparable to a floating town , with around 60 vessels involved in the efforts to capture and clean up the oil , and to drill relief wells to seal the leak .
Supporting them is a flotilla of supply ships bringing in groceries and taking away rubbish every day , as well as refilling water supplies and providing other essential services .
The RV ( research vessel ) Cape Hatteras , a science ship , is orbiting that nucleus of activity - held at a distance of five nautical miles .
That is close enough to the leak site to make it clearly visible from aboard the ship ; the clouds of smoke and steam , generated by flaring off escaping gas , dominate the skyline .
Image caption Research vessel , Cape Hatteras , is orbiting a " floating town " of clean - up ships
" It 's not been as bad as I was fearful it would be " says captain Dale Murphy .
" We 've had a few days where the VOCs [ volatile organic compounds ] were high enough that we had to wear masks on deck , and of course all the intakes on the ship have been closed off or special filters put over them , " he explains .
The ship has been modified to meet the needs of the scientists studying this leak , with the installation of equipment , and piping , tubing , and power cords all fighting for the limited space .
Image caption
The spill site is clearly visible from the ship
The researchers are hoping to answer some basic questions about how much crude is flowing and where it is going .
Although usually referred to as an " oil spill " , the leak also contains large quantities of natural gas .
" About half of the total flow is probably gas .
The estimates out there now indicate that about 40 % of the total mass flowing out is composed of methane .
" There 's also a lot of ethane and propane and those three together make up a large fraction of natural gas , " says Professor David Valentine from the University of California , Santa Barbara , one of the scientists on the RV Cape Hatteras .
Image caption
Oil is visible on the surface but there is methane trapped in the water
Much of the methane in particular seems to be trapped in the water , rather than rising to the surface .
Atmospheric measurements just above the water do not show elevated readings of the gas , so the scientists believe it is held at depth , and spreading in what they are calling " plumes " - horizontal layers of gas and oil .
The ship is moving slowly around the oil spill site , and the researchers on board are taking regular samples at varying depths to try to map the plumes .
" We 're collecting samples for molecular and atomic analyses " explains lead scientist Professor John Kessler from Texas A&M University .
" We 're doing as many of those on the ship as we can , because we then do n't have to transport those samples back to the laboratory .
Also , simply taking a sample out of its natural environment for a long period of time means there 's a greater probability of the sample being altered , and then getting a false result . "
Mapping the plumes of methane could help scientists map undersea plumes of oil , to enable a better understanding of how this deep water spill is behaving and where the oil is travelling .
And by calculating the quantity of trapped methane , scientists could also better estimate the total volume of oil that is leaking .
" The basic idea is that methane is the bulk gas component that is coming out of the pipe , and because it 's trapped in the water we can develop a sampling plan to measure methane regionally " says Professor Valentine .
Image caption Booms are being used in an effort to protect miles of coastline
" We can go out and measure methane in a very detailed fashion throughout the area .
We can then figure out how much is residing in the deep water .
Because it 's trapped there and we know the proportion to oil , we can get a very on basic constraint on the total amount of oil that has been released . "
The scientists are working to get firm results as soon as possible .
It is a busy time for the RV Cape Hatteras .
Captain Dale Murphy expects to be out on the waters of the Gulf of Mexico until the end of the year .
As soon as this scientific mission ends , he is ready to support another one .
" We 'll get a quick turnaround , and be right back out here to put some sediment traps overboard ; and when I say quick turnaround I mean we go in one day and back out the next , " he says .
" A lot of people are scrambling to get their stuff ready , to get funding , to try to get out here . "
You can hear more from Jon Stewart on the RV Cape Hattaras on Discovery on the BBC World Service
You ’d find them all across Australia in the most unexpected of places .
Coober Pedy , the Oodnadatta Track , trundling across the Nullabor .
Blue - rinse Marge and grey - haired Bruce , retired empty - nesters “ seeing Australia , mate ” in their campervan or caravan .
It used to be that they were something of a subculture , an age - specific niche - market in a nation of adventurers heading to Fiji , Bali , Singapore , London or Los Angeles .
For the next little while we ’ll all be Marge and Bruce
But now those options are off the table and it seems we ’re all going to be Marge and Bruce .
For the next little while , anyway .
Travelling the highways and byways , hanging out at caravan parks and campsites .
Because there ’s simply nowhere else to go .
There have been a great many losers in this pandemic , but the caravan industry may not be one of them .
Dealership visits and enquiries are on the up , says association
According to the Caravan Industry Association of Australia ( CIAA ) , interest in buying a recreational vehicle / caravan has recently surged , with strong foot traffic and sales enquiries being reported by dealerships around the country .
The association ’s data shows a boom in every state and territory , with some enquiries up by 30 % .
The spike in demand across the country is reflective of the need to escape , with keen travellers reconsidering what they might want to do with the funds they had earmarked for a big overseas trip , to instead invest in a recreational vehicle to explore Australia , the association says .
After being cooped up for so long , people want to travel
“ Recent weeks have shown a shift in people ’s behaviour – having been cooped up for months , Australians are now turning their attention to travelling within their own backyard . ” says Stuart Lamont , CEO of the CIAA .
Another survey , by the Caravan Camping Sales classifieds website , found that 67 % of Australians are more likely to consider buying a caravan as a result of the COVID - 19 pandemic and the overseas travel ban .
A news report on an upsurge in caravanning in the East Gippsland region of Victoria , published in the Bairnsdale Advertiser , quotes Fran Pinch , of New Age Caravans in Bairnsdale , as saying that , after being cooped up for so long because of COVID - 19 , people are desperate to get out and about , but are mindful of doing so safely .
C’mon Marge ; better finish packing the caravan , it ’s time to go exploring …
Joe Manganiello , the latest addition to the brooding cast of True Blood , was a fan of the show before he was cast on it .
“ The first table read was like being sucked into the television .
I ’d imagine it like being a kid who loves Michael Jordan and getting drafted into the NBA where you have to guard him , ” he tells the Post .
“ I remember filming the scene and literally thinking , ‘ Oh my god , that ’s Sookie Stackhouse ! ’ ”
( We would probably possess a similar inability to separate Anna Paquin from her endearing character . )
Anyway , what will happen between Alcide and Sookie this season ?
“ I think if you stick people in this situation — this big , strong , protective bodyguard with a girl , both heartbroken , sparks will happen .
There ’s a bit of lost puppy going on there . ”
But do n’t expect all your questions to be answered anytime soon : Manganiello reports that this season ’s cliffhanger is “ waaaay worse ” than last season ’s , meaning even more of a cliffhanger .
Sucking us into season four already , so to speak .
[ PopWrap / NYP ]
David Cameron will warn tomorrow that Britain's " whole way of life " will be disrupted for years by the most drastic public spending cuts in a generation .
The cuts , he will say , will have an impact on Britain 's entire population .
In his most gloomy remarks since taking office , the prime minister will declare that Britain 's public finances are worse than expected and are forcing him to take " momentous decisions " .
Cameron will say : " How we deal with these things will affect our economy , our society – indeed our whole way of life .
The decisions we make will affect every single person in our country .
And the effects of those decisions will stay with us for years , perhaps decades to come . "
On Tuesday George Osborne , the chancellor , will set out the first steps towards what Nick Clegg described last year as " savage " spending cuts when he outlines a framework for an autumn spending review that will introduce department - by - department cost savings .
The most radical plan will involve importing a Canadian - style " star chamber " in which members of the cabinet will be forced to justify their budgets in front of a group of ministerial and civil service heavyweights .
This follows the example of the former Liberal Canadian prime minister Jean Chrétien , who turned a fiscal deficit of 9.1 % of GDP in the mid-1990s into a surplus by slashing federal budgets by 20 % .
Under his " nothing off the table " approach , ministers had to justify their budgets in front of colleagues .
One British government source said today that Osborne was keen to repeat the exercise in Britain , a reconfiguration of the old British " star chamber " in which spending ministers used to appear before the chancellor and prime minister if they could not reach agreement on their budget with the Treasury .
" A small group of ministerial heavyweights and hitters and top officials will test colleagues ' budgets and their methods of service delivery and challenge them to find ways of doing more for less , " one Whitehall source said .
The decision to turn to Canada for inspiration in reducing Britain 's record £ 156bn fiscal deficit is a telling illustration of the coalition 's belief that drastic action is needed to restore stability to the public finances .
Osborne , who has already announced £ 6bn of spending cuts this year , will outline the overall level of spending cuts for next year in an emergency post-election budget on 22 June .
He will then set out the cuts department - by - department in the autumn .
The prime minister will balance his gloomy words by echoing his Liberal Democrat deputy , Clegg , who told the Observer that there must be no repeat of the " harshness " of the retrenchment of the 1980s .
Cameron will say : " I want this government to carry out Britain 's unavoidable deficit reduction plan in a way that strengthens and unites the country . "
Osborne and his Lib Dem deputy , Danny Alexander , will follow Cameron 's speech by outlining a framework tomorrow for the autumn spending review .
In addition to the star chamber this will include a re-evaluation of the way in which government is run .
" This is more than a budget setting exercise , " one source said .
Ministers will be expected to ask searching questions about which services the government should provide and to find new ways of making services more efficient .
Osborne and Alexander will also promise to give the public an unprecedented role in the exercise online and in public meetings .
" George and Danny want to break out of the old - fashioned top - down stitch - up between government departments and the Treasury , " a Whitehall source said .
The former BP boss Lord Browne is being lined up to be a " super director " with the job of inserting private sector business practices into the heart of government .
Browne , whose former company is fighting for its future after the worst oil spill in US history , will head a team of other commercial leaders such as Sir Chris Gent , chairman of drugs group GlaxoSmithKline , and Sir Roy Gardner , former head of British Gas .
The appointment of Browne may raise eyebrows in Whitehall , where officials will note that he left BP early in 2007 after lying in the high court and presiding over a string of high - profile accidents in America , including the Texas City refinery fire in which 15 people died .
Browne , who was dubbed the Sun King in business circles after building BP into Britain 's biggest company , continues to hold an array of senior positions in the world of business , culture and academia .
Whitehall sources said Cameron and Clegg had both held meetings with Browne and felt he was the best person for the job of marrying business principles with Whitehall policies .
One source said : " Everyone is aware of Browne 's past and accepts that he was not personally culpable for BP 's problems in the past and certainly not for the current situation in the US Gulf , which is an utter disaster .
Browne left BP three years ago and has previously turned down other requests to work with government but has accepted this one . "
This article describes the CSS3 calc ( ) value .
This feature has n’t landed yet in any Firefox tree but work to implement it is underway .
Firefox will support the CSS calc ( ) value , which lets you compute a length value using an arithmetic expression .
This means you can use it to define the sizes of div s , the values of margins , the widths of borders , and so forth .
Here is an example of a layout which would be tricky to setup without the calc ( ) function :
/* * Two divs aligned , split up by a 1em margin */ # a { width :75 % ; margin - right : 1em ; } #b { width : - moz-calc ( 25 % - 1em ) ; }
This example makes sure an input text field wo n’t overlap its parent :
input { padding : 2 px ; border : 1 px solid black ; display : block ; width : - moz-calc( 100 % - 2 * 3 px ) ; }
One particularly powerful feature of the calc ( ) function that you can combine different units in the same computation :
width : - moz-calc( 3px + 50%/3 - 3em + 1rem ) ;
The current implementation supports the + , - , * , / , mod , min , and max operators .
We ’ll also support the min ( ) and max ( ) functions , which could be used like this :
div { height : - moz - min ( 36 pt , 2em ) ; width : - moz - max ( 50 % , 18 px ) ; }
For more details , see :
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/AntiPoopSocking
Master Miller , Metal Gear Solid
" It 's also important to be able to control your bodily functions .
You never know when a long demo is about to begin , so make sure you 're prepared to sit in front of the monitor for a long time if necessary .
If you 're feeling drowsy , you should get some sleep . "
Advertisement :
" Poopsocking " is when a video gamer is so engrossed in his game , he wo n't stop playing for any reason , even to go to the bathroom — so he 'll poop in a sock .
It 's not the only manifestation of this kind of behavior ( a common variant is a gamer who drinks a lot of soda and then pees in the cans , and the term " catassing " derives from a player whose house stinks because he 's neglected basic chores like cleaning his cat 's litter box ) , but the principle is the same — a gamer plays so long , he starts doing bizarre and unhealthy things .
Therefore , Anti Poop - Socking is when a game has a built - in function that rewards the player for taking a break from the game .
There are several reasons for a game to want the player to take a break .
One of the biggest is that not doing this leads to bad publicity .
There are real dangers to poopsocking ; it 's clearly not healthy to be playing video games for that long , or to surround yourself in your own waste products .
The media will usually bring out the rarest and most horrifying cases , like players who literally play themselves to death because they neglected basic needs like food and water , babies who died because their parents were too preoccupied with playing video games to care for them , or players who have allowed their own messes to turn into literal piles of garbage ; games which are commonly associated with this sort of thing might implement anti-poopsocking measures to disassociate themselves from these extremes .
Games with a particular risk of eyestrain after long sessions ( often using 3D effects , like the Virtual Boy ) may implement anti-poopsocking for this reason as well .
Advertisement :
But there are also practical reasons to do this .
From a pure gameplay perspective , it discourages players from Level Grinding too quickly and disrupting the ability flow of the gaming population .
Furthermore , long video game sessions can lead to burnout , and burned out gamers are less likely to pick the game back up again , so by encouraging gamers to take a break every now and then , games end up becoming even more addicting .
And one of the biggest motivators is money .
Online games have limited bandwidth , and so game companies prefer less frequent players , especially if they pay monthly subscription fees ( and thus would pay the same as a hardcore gamer , so no loss there ) .
Ad - driven games want to prevent burnout because repetition is key in advertising ; companies get more value out of a gamer who sits through several short gaming sessions than one who plays a single marathon session .
Advertisement :
There 's one big hole in the anti-poopsocking mechanism : there 's nothing preventing a gamer from playing multiple games , staggering them so that he 's playing one game while racking up the anti-poopsocking elements of the other .
Some people will not be helped .
See also Just One More Level ( the phenomenon that leads to poopsocking ) , Hikikomori ( the kind of people who would poopsock ) , and Anti-Grinding ( a related phenomenon that tries to prevent gamers from Level Grinding and can have incidental anti-poopsocking rewards as well ) .
Contrast Bladder of Steel ( when you can't take a break even if you want to ) and Guilt - Based Gaming ( where the game tries to guilt you into not taking a break ) .
And compare and contrast Play Every Day ( you get rewarded for taking a break , but also for picking right back up the next day ) .
Examples :
open / close all folders
General Platforms
The Game Boy Player - basically a Game Boy Advance that uses a Gamecube and a TV as its input / output - had a special timer feature , settable up to 99 minutes .
It was never really explained why it 's there : it can't be a parental control , since the timer does n't stop the game , and can be turned off at any time from the menu without even a password .
So , it seems like a voluntary APS , possibly to avoid arguments over whose " turn " it is in households with young players .
It 's also useful as a timer , in the case that you are playing for a bit but need to do something after a bit of time .
Every gamer knows that time is bendable and speeds up when you 're gaming .
Many games for the infamous Virtual Boy have an " Automatic Pause " feature , which pauses the game after 15 straight minutes of play , though this is mainly due to the Virtual Boy having the potential to easily cause headaches and eye damage .
Indeed , Nintendo refused to license games that did not have this feature .
The Nintendo 3DS has Play Coins , which can only be obtained by walking around .
More importantly , there 's the StreetPass function which collects data from people nearby - but mostly only if you have the system closed , not while playing .
The Play Coins are also limited to 10 coins earned per day , which is most likely to encourage players to take a break from all the walking they did .
Then again , considering that 1000 steps , which is the amount required for a maximum of 10 coins , is barely a 10 - minute walk , you 'd think they would 've either eliminated the limit or increased it one way or another .
That , plus considering the rate at which some of the games consume those coins , most people who want to play said games that require a lot of them to play for any extended period of time and do n't have a consistent source of StreetPass hits which is usually the preferable alternative have to resort to shaking the system to get enough coins and change dates periodically until they have enough .
The 3DS also has periodic messages about taking a rest after about an hour 's worth of play in 3D mode .
Some games ( such as Star Fox 64 ) will display the message even when 3D mode is turned off .
The 3DS ' camera app will advise you to take a break if you keep it open for 10 minutes .
The Wii tracks how much time the system has been in use per day and which games were played , which gives parents information to enforce anti-poop socking .
Some arcade games have a " shop close " setting , which prevents new players from starting a game after a specified time .
Usually , the shop close time is close to the arcade 's closing time , as a way of preventing players from attempting to start games very close to the end of the arcade 's business hours , as that is comparable to a diner customer trying to get seated right as the kitchen 's about to close .
Action Adventure
Action Games
Battlefield 2142 gives an ' away bonus ' in extra points to this effect .
In the PlayStation video game adaptation of the film Independence Day , you are tasked with flying a fighter plane through various stages .
The final level takes place onboard the alien mothership , and it is equal parts frustrating and difficult .
After you beat the game , a message at the end of the credits tells you to " go outside and get some sunlight " .
Real useful advice , that .
A rather subtle one in Space Quest V : The Next Mutation , among the lethal tests made to test the resilience of a certain organism : " Placing a petri dish of the bacteria behind a computer monitor for a period of hours will expose it to hard radiation conditions similar to those on an uninhabitable class D planet .
Later , we will repeat the procedure using a safer type of radiation , such as a Gamma ray source " .
The game Eat Lead : the Return of Matt Hazard ( which is basically just a parody of action games ) has some silly trophies / achievements .
One of them is an achievement called Take Five acquired by pausing the game .
Before an update to Team Fortress 2 , the game 's Random Item Drop system was tied so closely with playtime that , statistically , the best way to guarantee that items would drop at all was to load the game , join one of the numerous " Idling " servers , and ignore the game for hours on end .
With the updates , playing more than about 10 hours a week does n't give you any more items , but in compensation the drop rate was increased and , later , the in - game Mann Co. store was added .
Another update to the drop system in 2013 required the player to both play on a Valve Anti-Cheat secured server as well as acknowledge receipt of a new item by clicking on a pop- up window before the system would allow another item to drop , which seems to have finally killed the notion of unattended idling .
to Team Fortress 2 , the game 's Random Item Drop system was tied so closely with playtime that , statistically , the best way to guarantee that items would drop at all was to load the game , join one of the numerous " Idling " servers , and ignore the game for hours on end .
With the updates , playing more than about 10 hours a week does n't give you any more items , but in compensation the drop rate was increased and , later , the in - game Mann Co. store was added .
Another update to the drop system in 2013 required the player to both play on a Valve Anti-Cheat secured server as well as acknowledge receipt of a new item by clicking on a pop- up window before the system would allow another item to drop , which seems to have finally killed the notion of unattended idling .
A rare instance for an online game , Left 4 Dead and its sequel let you pause and return to the game at any time : when you 're away , a bot will take control of your character so that it does not hinder the team .
After you beat the video game adaption of the first Spider - Man movie , Spidey will tell you to " go outside and play . "
Despite this , it 's still a good game .
As a forced variation of this , the The Angry Video Game Nerd made fun of the fact that there is no pause function in one of the early Ghostbusters games .
It 's like tough shit if you wanna take a shit , you gotta do turbo - turds !
In Planetside 2 , for every two hours you do n't log in with a character , they generate Certs , which are the game 's non-premium currency .
However , there is absolutely nothing stopping you from simply logging in with another character and playing with them while the other 's bank Cert for you .
Also , the first five badges of the day give you extra experience .
Additional badges will still yield some experience , but the big rewards will have to wait for another day .
Honkai Impact 3rd , like many online game contemporaries , has a " stamina " system to prevent the players from doing too much in one sitting .
Many gameplay modes cost a certain amount of stamina to play , and it regenerates at the rate of one unit every 6 minutes .
The stamina limit is increased by upping the captain 's level .
You can buy more stamina by spending crystals , but the more you buy in a day , the more expensive it 'll get .
In a later update , the Valkyrie you set on your bridge may sometimes tell you to stop playing and go to bed .
Adventure Games
The Stanley Parable has an achievement called " Go Outside " , earned by not playing the game for 5 years .
It first became legitimately possible to get on October 17 , 2018 .
Similar to the Metal Gear Solid example is the ending of The Secret of Monkey Island .
After the credits have run , a message appears , reading : " Now turn off your computer and go to sleep . "
The sequel , Monkey Island 2 had the same thing , but every few seconds the text would refresh with a new suggestion for something for you to do .
Watching them all takes an hour or so .
The fourth game did nearly the same thing , only with a fake error message telling players to get back to work .
The developers eventually ' fixed ' this in a patch , since the player was there to play , not to work .
Free web - based adventure game Legends of Zork also uses Action Points , which regenerate at the rate of 20 a day ; with a cap of 90 .
Half - averted , as items that grant additional Action Points can be purchased at the premium shop ; and purchased action points can exceed the cap .
However , there are restrictions on the number and frequency of use of these items , so there is still an effective limit to daily play time .
also uses Action Points , which regenerate at the rate of 20 a day ; with a cap of 90 .
Half - averted , as items that grant additional Action Points can be purchased at the premium shop ; and purchased action points can exceed the cap .
However , there are restrictions on the number and frequency of use of these items , so there is still an effective limit to daily play time .
Improbable Island has a Stamina gauge that runs out as you do things such as fight monsters and travel .
Once it goes below 60 % you start taking penalties to attack and defense , if it gets below 30 % every encounter has a chance of you collapsing from exhaustion , which sends you to the Failboat , where you 'll most likely have to wait for or use a New Day to get back in the game .
However , Game Days have a cycle of about 4 hours .
So it wo n't be too long before you can play again , and if you 're logged off long enough , you can " Save " New Days for use later .
The saved day system also notably avoids the issues of such a system by making it so that you do n't have to log in ever 4 hours to get the max adventures for each day .
Flower will give you a trophy for waiting ten minutes between levels , and another for going for a week without playing .
Journey , developed by the same company , has the same trophy for going a week without playing .
Augmented Reality
In Ingress , after hacking a portal four times in a short period , it " burns out " and you have to wait four hours to be able to hack it again .
The Multi-Hack mod can be installed on the portal to allow additional hacks , but the four - hour burnout still applies .
Driving Games
Wangan Midnight Maximum
Tune can be configured to turn off the card reader after a specified time .
Like the general " shop close " example above , this can be done as a way of preventing new players from joining in so close to the arcade 's closing time ; sure , you can play a round without a card , but many players who use cards wo n't enjoy doing that .
It 's also helpful if the arcade powers off its machines at closing time ; you do n't want to start a round only for the machine to power off in the middle of the game , leaving your card stuck without staff intervention .
Gran Turismo's B - Spec mode play with this trope in that the players is assigned as a director instead of a driver , and the driver of player 's car become an AI directed by the player .
While the game series averted this trope by itself ( or inverted if the players decided to go for A - Spec mode in a Marathon Level ) , B - Spec mode secretly and actually encourages this trope since the player is n't required to control the driver in full .
An update in 5 included the option to exit an endurance race in A - Spec mode while saving the progress done in that race during a pit stop .
Educational Games
On one screen in Logical Journey of the Zoombinis , the Narrator might say the player has done enough for today , telling them to relax , turn off the computer , and go get some fresh air .
Slime Forest Adventure encourages good study habits by limiting your health refills if you play too long , and taking your gold if you wait too long between games .
Fighting Games
If you play Dissidia Final Fantasy for too many days in a row , the Moogles will stop sending you letters until you take a break .
Super Smash Bros .
Melee keeps track of how many rounds have been played , displaying messages at milestones such as 100 , 1000 , etc .
The message for 50,000 rounds is " You 've played 50,000 VS .
bouts !
Enough !
Take a break ! " whilst the 100,000 rounds notice is " You 've played 100,000 VS .
mode matches !
Go outside ! "
Idle Games
MMORPG
Platformers
In Sly 2 : Band of Thieves , the absolute end of the credits congratulates you on your victory before quite plainly telling you to " go outside . "
Cuphead has this in the form of an acapella song , A Quick Break .
.
In Super Mario Galaxy 2 , if you play for a long time or die several times in the same level , you 'll notice that Lubba has an exclamation point above his head once you return to the Hub Level .
Talk to him , and he will tell you " Gee , you 've been through a lot lately , Captain .
Maybe it 's time to take a break ? "
He 'll tell you something similar if you get a Game Over .
Lubba also has a text bubble over his head saying " So...sleepy ... " if you play the game after 1 a.m .
When you talk to him , he complains about how early it is .
Similarly , Super Mario 3D
Land will also suggest that you take a break after playing for awhile .
Freakyforms does it in two ways : the Nintendo standard " let 's take a break " message after playing for a while , and the Formee Hearts .
You start with five hearts , and you use one every time you make a new creature - if you run out , you can't make any more until they regenerate , which takes time .
While you can still go ahead and play the exploration and scenery creation parts of the game , accessing new areas of the map requires you to make more creatures and thus wait for hearts to regenerate .
In the console versions of The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie , after completing the game and watching the ending cutscene , you get a closing statement from the show 's narrator Tom Kenny , who tells you to " go outside and get some sun , you look awful pale " .
One of the loading screen messages in LittleBigPlanet Vita suggest that the player go and get a cloth to clean their screen of any accumulated smudges .
The unlicensed NES game Koko Adventure has an internal timer that ticks up while you 're playing .
If this timer reaches 50 minutes , a blank screen with the word " rest " will pop up , prompting you to take a break .
While you can skip it immediately , if you actually take its advice and spend 5 minutes away from the console , it 'll reward you with a 1 - Up !
has an internal timer that ticks up while you 're playing .
If this timer reaches 50 minutes , a blank screen with the word " rest " will pop up , prompting you to take a break .
While you can skip it immediately , if you actually take its advice and spend 5 minutes away from the console , it 'll reward you with a 1 - Up !
Daroach in Kirby Mass Attack may , on occasion , give you a reminder to take a break now and then when you visit him on his airship .
Puzzle Game
The original version of Snood for the Macintosh had a " Just One More Level " option which would automatically quit the game after the next session .
Much to his confusion , the titular Barbaros of Zack & Wiki : Quest for Barbaros '
Treasure said that his mother used to tell him that pirates should " always play for about an hour " .
Rhythm Game
Downplayed in BanG Dream !
Girls Band Party !.
Live Boosts simply multiply your rewards , but are n't strictly necessary to play songs .
If you run out , you can still play , just not with the reward multipliers .
RPG
Shoot - em-ups
Triangle Service 's consumer ports of their games Shmups Skill Test , ΔZEAL , XIIZEAL , TRIZEAL , and EXZEAL each have a " Long Time No See " achievement for taking a break for a few days .
Simulation Games
In Black &
White the divine advisors will pop on if it's late at night , saying things such as that even gods should sleep from time to time .
While not likely to be poop - socked , Animal Crossing has real - time based shop opening and closing times - that is to say that Tom Nook 's store will close at 8 PM ( Wii ) or 11 PM ( DS ) and not open till the next .
This is especially annoying if you are somewhat older than the " intended " child demographic .
The opening times depend on what building Nook is using .
The convenience store building , Nook - N- Go is open from 7:00 AM to 1:00 AM , while the largest store , Nookington 's is open from 9:00 AM to 9:00 PM .
However , the only game that gives you direct control over which building Nook has is City Folk ; on the other games , Nook will always use the largest building available .
After midnight , animals often tell the player that it is really late .
In Animal Crossing : Wild World , the cute ones state that cool kids go to sleep early .
Inverted in the original , where you can try to catch Wisp the Ghost between midnight and 3AM , which will initiate a minigame .
Win and the ghost will reward the player by removing weeds from the town , painting the player 's house 's roof , or even award the player with rare furniture .
In New Leaf , every few conversations with your villagers , they will suggest you take a break every once in a while and rest if you 've been going at it for a long time .
Also , New Leaf subverts the initial problem of closing times by allowing you to make a town ordinance that shifts the open hours of stores either earlier or later based on which is more convenient for you .
In New Horizons , the Custom Design Portal , which lets you upload and download custom designs made within the game , is located inside the Able Sisters ' shop , which means you cannot transmit custom designs outside of their store hours .
In Pilotwings Resort , your instructor advices you to take a break after about an hour of playtime .
Same thing happens in Nintendogs +
Cats .
Satisfactory : Starting with a minor update deployed on July 24th , the game will display a prompt suggesting players take a break after being played for 2 hours straight .
Seaman is a game that advances on its own time : the eponymous creature will only feel like talking for so long before it decides it does n't wish to converse anymore , and trying to coax it into talking will only make it irate .
Starting the game multiple times in one day will even cause Leonard Nimoy to think you obsessed or lacking better things to do .
In any case , the only thing to do is wait until the next day in realtime before talking to Seaman again ( or bumping the Dreamcast 's internal clock forward a day , if you do n't wish to wait ) .
The Tamagotchi digital pets , much like real - life pets , go to sleep at night ( as late as 11 P.M. ) .
Thus , there is no point in checking on it until morning - good thing too , because the Tamagotchi handhelds are known to be quite addicting to the point that they have a form of The Tetris Effect named after them called the " Tamagotchi effect " .
The Truck Simulator series requires drivers to periodically find a rest stop and sleep ; in Euro it 's every 11 in - game hours ( about every 30 real - life minutes ) , and in American it 's every 14 hours ( 40 minutes ) .
There is an option to turn fatigue off if you 'd rather play without these interruptions , though the stops do provide sensible places to save and quit your game .
Sports Games
Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games has a box that pops up after playing for some time , advising you to take a break .
The Wii has made wearing out the player a viable strategy of this trope .
WarioWare : Smooth Moves , for example , requires a good deal more physical activity than some real world sports .
Wii Sports periodically encourages players to take a break by pausing the game .
While most of the games are n't tiring , the boxing game can wear you out if you keep playing without stopping .
And by periodically we mean almost every time you change minigames .
Wii Fit also recommends periodical breaks .
A good thing , since some games can be very tiring .
So does Kinect Adventures on the Xbox 360 .
When you play Punch - Out !! on the Wii with the Nunchuk , it can be just as tiring as the Wii Sports example above ( you know , boxing game ) .
So when you win a match in Exhibition Mode , sometimes Doc Louis will greet you with this quote : Kid , you won !
But you look mighty tired out there !
Is n't it past your bedtime ?
Stealth - Based Games
Strategy Games
When playing Dungeon Keeper 2 at night , you 'll start getting messages like " Your nocturnal perseverance has earned you a hidden gaming tip : GO TO BED ! "
The thing is , the messages are connected to the system clock , so people who work a night shift and start a game late at night will get the same nag as if they 'd been playing for hours on end .
" Surely , even Dungeon Keepers must retire to a lair of some description . "
" You know that low , broad , downy - soft item of furniture in the next room ?
It has the power to cure fatigue and restore vitality . "
" Oh ?
Are you still there ?
The imps were about to lock up . "
Anno 1404 voices its concern for you by having in - game notifications come up telling you that you 've been playing for several hours straight , and should probably take a break .
" How about a coffee ? " ; " Four hours at a stretch , it 's too bad there 's no medal we can award you . " ;
" Six hours non -stop !
My throat is getting dry from all this talking " .
Made even more compelling in the French version by the fact that the voice actor for Morgan Freeman provides the voice of the in - game narrator .
Same with 2070 , only with voiceovers from EVE .
Anno 1800 continues this trend , displaying messages every 2 hours .
Civilization IV has a built - in alarm that can be set by the player to go off after a certain amount of time .
And there 's an option to have a clock displayed on the screen , which is handy when you 're playing in full - screen mode so that the clock on your computer 's desktop is obscured .
The ZSNES Super Nintendo emulator has the clock option too .
In a way , the turn - based nature of the game serves as a kind of anti-poop socking measure in itself : if you get up and go to the bathroom , fix dinner , watch TV , etc. , the game will still be there for you exactly as you left it .
And their " Civaholics Anonymous " campaign made fun of it too , with one of the fake testimonials featuring a former " addict " talking about how he did n't get up for three days .
The interviewer confirms that he did n't go to the bathroom for three days , he responds that he said he did n't get up .
Alpha Centauri inverted this ; when you tried to go , it would sometimes say " Please do n't go .
The drones need you .
They look up to you .
"
In the Stronghold RTS series your in - game adviser will make comments depending on how long you have been playing .
" How about a snack my liege ? " " You have been playing for a very long time . "
" Are n't you tired , sir ? "
In Fire Emblem Awakening , if you visit the barracks late at night , your allies will tell you to stop fighting and go to bed .
Groups of enemies and travelling merchants will also appear on the map if you leave the game for a few hours , giving you access to more XP , more funds , and better equipment .
Lastly , Anna will sometimes appear on your bottom screen after completing a chapter , reminding you to take a break every once in a while .
Turn - based Strategy
In Miitopia , after every few stages , the game will ask whether you want to continue or quit .
The lullaby music and napping Miis are meant as an unsubtle hint , but of course you can do what you like .
If you choose to continue , however , the Miis will get shocked expressions on their faces .
Visual Novels
Yuri VN Akai Ito and its sort - of sequel Aoi Shiro reads system clock when they 're started , and give cutesy , fitting welcome - back message such as " Good morning " , " Good afternoon " , or " It 's a nice weekend , is n't it ? " .
If you boot it in 3 o'clock in the morning , the message is something along the line " who on earth reads VN during such hours ? " .
And sometimes the wondering - aloud is voiced by the respective ( male ) Big Bad .
And before you wonder , no , they 're not the kind of game people do n't want to be caught playing .
In Hate Plus , your ship has only enough power to process a certain number of log files in a single game day .
Once your power is near - empty , the day ends and you have to wait for the next day ... in real time .
Specifically , the next day will unlock in 12 hours ; until then your save file will be marked with " WAIT " .
You can cheat the game and unlock the next day immediately , but you 'll get called out on it .
Other
Non-Video Game Examples
San Francisco - The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) , the ACLU of Northern California , and a coalition of privacy groups are urging Facebook to give users true control over their personal data by taking six critical steps to protect members ' information .
In an open letter sent to CEO Mark Zuckerberg today , the coalition asks Facebook to close its " app gap " and allow users to decide which applications can access their personal data .
The group also asks Facebook to make " instant personalization " an opt - in service and use an HTTPS connection for all interactions by default , among other steps .
" Facebook continues to push its users into more and more public sharing -- sharing that it's not at all clear members want or fully understand , " said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Kevin Bankston .
" We 're calling on Facebook and Mark Zuckerberg to respect their members and give them the information and the tools they need for true control . "
Facebook has faced a firestorm of criticism since April , when it made sweeping revisions to its privacy policy .
Among the changes were the launch of the controversial " instant personalization " service , as well as forcing users to chose between making wide swaths of previously private data public or deleting the information .
Facebook made some important privacy improvements in May , but key aspects of user control were not covered by the changes .
" Social network service providers are in a unique position -- hosting communications , conversations , and connections with loved ones , family , and friends , " said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Kurt Opsahl .
" This is extremely sensitive information , and social networking services must ensure that users have ongoing privacy and control . "
In the wake of the public outcry against Facebook 's privacy revisions , EFF issued a Bill of Privacy Rights for social network users , advocating that all social network users have the right to make informed decisions about their level of privacy , to exercise control over their data , and to leave a network .
Social network users ' rights are also under discussion this week at the Computers , Freedom , and Privacy Conference in San Jose .
In addition to EFF and the ACLU of Northern California , other groups signing today 's open letter include the Center for Democracy and Technology , the Center for Digital Democracy , Consumer Action , Consumer Watchdog , Privacy Lives , and the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse .
For the full open letter :
http://www.eff.org/files/filenode/social_networks/OpenLettertoFacebook.pdf
For EFF 's Bill of Privacy Rights for Social Network Users :
http://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2010/05/bill-privacy-rights-social-network-users
For more on social networking and privacy :
http://www.eff.org/issues/social-networks
Contacts :
Kevin Bankston
Senior Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
bankston@eff.org
Kurt Opsahl
Senior Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
kurt@eff.org
While the Radeon HD 5550 may not be a new card , the inclusion of GDDR5 is .
This should add a small boost in performance over the GDDR3 and DDR2 models while retaining the low - power profile , perfect for inclusion in a Home Theater PC ( HTPC ) build .
Introduction
The Radeon HD 5550 is an entry level card aimed at the HTPC market .
The most notable features are it ’s very low power draw ( 39W maximum ) and hardware acceleration for video .
If you throw a Bluray Disc Drive in with it , then you can also stream the uncompressed audio directly to your receiver without the need for another audio card .
All in all , the specs add up to a decent option for a HTPC and possibly even worthy of a low end gaming computer with it ’s DirectX 11 support .
When you consider this card has a MSRP of $ 75 , it begins to look even better .
Notable Technologies
ATI Stream technology – hardware acceleration for video
ATI Eyefinity technology – run up to 3 monitors off one card
Bitstream Audio – pass uncompressed audio from Bluray Discs straight to a receiver via HDMI
Specifications ( as seen by GPU-Z )
HD 5550
( as tested ) HD 5570 GT 220 Core Clock 550 MHz 650 MHz 625 MHz Memory Clock 1000 MHz 1000 MHz 790 MHz Memory Type GDDR5 DDR3 DDR3 Memory Size 512 MB 1024 MB 1024 MB Memory Bus Width 128 Bit 128 Bit 128 Bit Direct X Support 11 11 10.1 ROPs 16 16 8 Shaders 320 400 48 Texture Fillrate 22.9 GTexel /s 29.4 GTexel /s 14.9 GTexel /s Pixel Fillrate 11.4 GPixel /s 11.8 GPixel /s 7.4 GPixel /s Memory Bandwidth 73.6 GB /s 33.3 GB /s 31.2 GB/s GPU Technology 40 nm 40 nm 40 nm Transistors 627 M 627 M 486 M
You can see in the images below that ATI was kind enough to send us a reference card to test .
I was told that the retail models will be low - profile cards so they can be used in Small Form Factor ( SFF ) cases .
Testing Platform
To test this puppy , I ’m going to throw it in my relatively old Core2 Duo / P45 based system .
I say “ relatively old ” because it ’s not the most recently released hardware , obviously , but is still readily available and still performs well for gaming and multimedia .
Processor : Intel E8400 @ 4.23 GHz
Motherboard : Asus P5Q
RAM : 4 GB GeiL Ultra DDR2 @ 470 MHz
Hard Drive : Western Digital 74 GB Raptor
Power Supply : Enhance ENP - 5150GH
500W
Heatsink : Zalman CNPS9900
Operating System : Microsoft Windows 7 x64 , Phoronix Test Suite Live ( Ubuntu )
Drivers : Catalyst 10.5 and 10.6
Benchmarks
Cyberlink Mediashow Espresso ( encoding )
Youtube 1080 p and 4 k resolution ( video playback )
Hulu Desktop ( video playback )
3DMark 2001 , 2003 , 2005 , 2006 , and Vantage ( gaming )
Aquamark3 ( gaming )
Unigen ( DirectX 11 gaming )
Alien vs. Predator ( DirectX 11 gaming )
Linux : JXRendermark
Linux : Warsow
Hardware Acceleration Performance
First , I have to mention that hardware acceleration will not work without the Avivo package , which is separate from the standard Catalyst Control Center package .
It looks like they ’ve already fixed this problem , but their download page used to say the Avivo package was not needed for 5000 series cards and I spent a great deal of time searching the internet to find out why I could not get the hardware acceleration to work .
However , I still do n’t think it is shown prominently enough on the page to show that this package is highly recommended , if not mandatory , for proper use of this card .
I actually did n’t notice that much of an improvement in processor usage while using hardware acceleration , but there was a huge difference in encoding time .
To encode in Mediashow Espresso , I created a 2 minute video ( 640×480 , AVI ) using my camera then used the iPhone 3g preset ( h.264 video , AAC audio ) .
Encoding Time
HW Accel . On HW Accel . Off Difference 24 seconds 43 seconds 19 sec . ( 44 % )
Processor Usage
UPDATE ( 7/22/2010 ) :
Our ATI representative brought a few issues to my attention and apparently I missed a setting or two while testing the processor usage .
So , I re-ran the Cyberlink Mediashow Espresso and Youtube tests to see if I would get different results this time .
For the record , I did .
I ’m not sure exactly what I missed in the previous tests , but in this round of tests I did see a good difference in processor usage between having the hardware acceleration turned on an off .
For the YouTube testing , I used a 4 K Resolution playlist to play two videos in succession at both 1080 p and original 4 k resolution , Life in the Garden and Surf NYC .
These are the same videos , played in the same manner for the original test .
When I changed the Hardware Acceleration setting in Flash , I made sure to refresh the page several times to make sure the setting took .
Encoding Time Hardware Acceleration On Hardware Acceleration Off Difference 25 Seconds 44 seconds 19 seconds ( 44 % )
Processor Usage MediaShow Espresso Youtube 1080 p Youtube 4 k resolution Core0 Core1 Core0 Core1 Core0 Core1 Hardware Acceleration Off 93 % 85 % 39 % 39 % 87 % 86 % Hardware Acceleration On 43 % 52 % 27 % 20 % 84 % 83 % Difference 50 % 33 % 12 % 19 % 3 % 4 %
Overclockability
Surprisingly , I was able to work a 30 % overclock ( 715MHz ) on the core , which was the maximum that the MSI Afterburner program would allow .
Not as spectacular , the memory would not go past 1150 MHz .
There was more room on the slider bar , but ever time I hit apply it would revert back to 1150 MHz .
This happened on both the 10.5 and 10.6 drivers .
Also , the exact same clocks were stable on both the 10.5 and 10.6 drivers .
Gaming Performance
Without any further delay , let ’s get to the numbers :
3DMark
10.5 Stock
( Marks ) 10.5 Overclocked
( Marks ) 10.6 Stock
( Marks ) 10.6 Overclocked
( Marks ) 3DMark Vantage 3849 4849 3875 4683 3DMark06 8358 10217 8435 10291 3DMark05 15902 19477 15988 19477 3DMark03 25308 31736 25388 32013 3DMark01 50702 53137 51505 53999
Aquamark3
Score 10.5 stock 144920 10.5 oc 154694 10.6 stock 144679 10.6 oc 157406
Alien vs. Predator – DirectX 11
Avg. FPS 10.5 stock 11.3 10.5 oc 14.5 10.6 stock 11.3 10.6 oc 14.5
Unigine – DirectX 11
Avg. FPS Min. FPS Max .
FPS Scores 10.5 stock
1600×1200 9.7 6 22.9 243 10.5 stock 1024×768 15.2 8.4 46.6 384 10.5 oc 1600×1200 12.4 7.6 29 313 10.5 oc 1024×768 19.5 10.7 59 491 10.6 stock
1600×1200 9.7 6 22.3 244 10.6 stock 1024×768 15.2 9 45.7 382 10.6 oc
1600×1200 12.3 7.6 28.5 310 10.6 oc 1024×768 19.4 10.7 58.5 490
Overall , this low - end card did pretty well with gaming .
It ’s not setting any world records , that ’s for sure , but it can easily handle older games like Counter Strike : Source and World of Warcraft .
I even got to use it with the StarCraft II beta , and I had no problem running the game at 1600 ×1200 with all settings at Medium .
As for the comparison between the 10.5 and 10.6 drivers , it ’s almost a toss - up but the 10.6 drivers did have a slight edge when the card was overclocked .
For a quick and dirty overview of performance , you can check out this hwbot compare link to see what people are able to obtain with the various competing cards .
As of this writing , I ’m the only one with scores submitted for the HD 5550 GDDR5 .
Linux Performance
Since this card is aimed at the HTPC market and my personal favorite software to run is XBMC for Linux , I decided to run a few tests using the Phoronix Test Suite Desktop Live DVD .
JXRenderMark
32×32
( Ops./sec ) 128×128
( Ops./sec ) Rects Composition 110067.89 26996.69 Put Composition 170497.09 20728.61 Simple Blit 482905.75 138167.72 Transformed Blit Linear 98998.78 8309.44 Transformed Blit Bilinear 24891.39 2017.26 Transformed Texture Paint 26365.21 1909.9 Linear Gradient Blend 53296.33 5047.67 Radial Gradient Paint 31678.78 2363.81 Gradient Temp Texture 45277.17 4796.62 12pt Text Grayscale 18277.98 5445.58 12pt Text LCD 19292.26 5587.61
Warsow
Avg. FPS 800×600 266.53 1024×768 230.43 1280×960 184.93 1440×900 184.06 1280×1024 176.2 1400×1050 162.5 1600×1200 142.53
These benchmark runs are also viewable online : JXRendermark and Warsow .
Conclusion
In conclusion , I think this card packs a lot of punch for a sub -$ 100 price .
If you are building a HTPC or low - end gaming system , certainly take this GPU into consideration .
– splat
HARVESTING OF FALL GARDEN PRODUCE
After gardeners have worked SO hard and SO long to grow fresh , could - be- delicious produce , many are often robbed of their potential goodness because of improper , ill - timed harvesting .
To avoid the occurrence of that unfortunate situation again , we have listed a number of the most popular garden vegetables and the harvest procedure for each .
BEANS , SNAP - Harvest before maturity when pods are not completely full for maximum tenderness .
Wash immediately and refrigerate .
BEETS - Early beets should be pulled from the row when about 2 inches in diameter .
If they are allowed to get much larger , they become woody , especially in warm , dry weather .
Remove all but about 1 to 1 1/2 inches of the tops .
Wash and refrigerate immediately .
BROCCOLI - Broccoli heads should be harvested when they reach a 4 to 8 inch diameter size and are firm and compact .
Maximum size potential can be determined by watching the floret development .
Broccoli heads appear to be singular structures when actually they are composed of many individual flowers called florets .
When individual groups of florets begin to loosen and emerge from the otherwise continuum surface and are not tightly clustered , the head is as large as it is capable of being .
If allowed to remain without harvesting , the florets will continue to elongate and eventually the entire head will be a yellow blooming composite flower .
To harvest cut the stalk below the head leaving 8 to 10 inches of stem and attached leaves .
Chill immediately .
BRUSSELS SPROUTS - Harvesting usually begins in 3 to 3 1/2 months after transplanting .
Early sprouts should be picked over several times , the lowest on the plant being taken each time , otherwise these will open out and become yellow .
The first picking should not be delayed after the lower leaves begin to turn yellow as the sprouts get tough and lose their delicate flavor .
In picking , the leaf below the sprout is broken off and the sprout removed by breaking away from the stalk .
As the lower leaves and sprouts are removed , the plant continues to push out new leaves at the top , and in the axil of each leaf a bud , or sprout , is formed .
All lower sprouts should be removed even though they may fail to make solid little heads .
Many gardeners obviously plant cabbage , cauliflower and carrots and do n't know when to harvest them .
Size alone cannot be used as the determining factor since variety grown and cultural conditions can determine the size at maturity .
Also many vegetables can be eaten in an immature stage before maximum size is attained .
CABBAGE - Waylon Jennings tells folks how to determine when cabbage is mature , i.e. , it has to be " firm feeling . "
When cabbage heads become solid and the sides or top cannot be pressed in with the thumb , it is mature and large as it will get .
Often mature heads will split open .
If you want to delay harvest of mature cabbage yet prevent splitting of mature heads , twist the entire plants slightly to break several roots .
This will reduce uptake of water from the soil and delay splitting .
CAULIFLOWER - Cauliflower heads should be harvested when they reach a 4 to 8 inch diameter size and are firm and compact .
Maximum size potential can be determined by watching the floret development .
Cauliflower heads appear to be singular structures when actually they are composed of many individual flowers called florets .
When individual groups of florets , termed curd , begin to loosen and emerge from the otherwise continuum surface and are not tightly clustered , the cauliflower is as large as it is capable of being .
If allowed to remain the florets will continue to elongate and eventually the entire head of cauliflower will be a yellow blooming composite flower .
To harvest cut the stalk just below the head .
The yellowish color of cauliflower curd surface is caused by exposure to sunlight rather than roaming pets with indiscriminate urinary habits .
To protect the cauliflower head from sun and subsequent discoloration , when the small bud head appears in the center of the plant draw the lower leaves of the plant loosely over the bud in a tent - like fashion .
Fasten them together with string or a rubber band .
Really hungry , frugal gardeners always want to know if the leaves of cauliflower , broccoli and Brussels sprouts are edible .
Certainly !
However , older leaves are naturally tougher and excessive leaf removal reduces overall yield and size .
Leaves of cauliflower , broccoli and Brussels sprouts are just as good as collard and mustard leaves provided the correct amounts of fat - back and black - eyed peas are available .
( Northerners wo n't understand this sentence ! )
CARROTS - Since there are many varieties with different potential sizes and lengths , when to harvest can be a mystery .
Most varieties fully mature within 60 to 85 days but can be pulled and consumed earlier .
Crown size can be an indicator .
The crown , where the foliage attaches to the root , usually attains at least a three - fourths inch diameter size when the carrot is fully mature .
Another surefire technique is to pull the largest carrot and examine the bottom or growing tip .
If the tip is orange the carrot is mature .
If the tip is white the carrot is still growing and will continue to enlarge .
There is no need to harvest the carrot crop all at once .
Carrots can be left in the ground after they mature for several weeks without adverse affects .
In fact , the cool garden soil is the best place in Texas to store carrots .
CUCUMBERS - Harvest when fruits are bright , firm and green , but before they get too large ; 1 _ - 2 inches diameter is about right with the smaller size best for pickling .
All nubbins , poorly shaped or light - colored , fruits should be picked and discarded .
If possible , do not store in refrigerator for more than two days .
It is best to pickle cucumbers the same day picked .
GREENS - Harvest before leaves start turning yellow or brown , while they are young and tender .
SLIGHT bronze tints are normal on mustard greens .
Avoid wilted or flabby leaves .
Wash and chill immediately .
PEPPERS - Harvest when peppers are 4 - 5 inches long with full , well - formed lobes .
Immature peppers will be soft , pliable , thin - fleshed , and pale in color .
Wash and chill immediately .
SPINACH - Harvest when six ( 6 ) or more leaves have formed that are crisp and dark green .
Wash gently and chill immediately .
Cut or break leaves from the plant so that resprouting will occur .
SQUASH - Harvest when fruit is 4 - 6 inches long for yellow crookneck squash , 6 - 9 inches for yellow straight neck , and 3 - 4 inches in diameter for white scallop .
Glossy color indicates tenderness .
Wash , dry , and store in a warm area of the refrigerator .
Squash , like cucumbers , are susceptible to chilling injury and should not be stored for more than two ( 2 ) days .
TOMATOES - Harvest at pink stage and ripen in a warm area of the house .
This will not affect flavor and may save loss due to insect , neighbor and bird damage .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Facebook has moved to overturn a New York judge ’s recent order temporarily blocking any transfer of the company ’s assets , as the world ’s No.1 social networking responds to a lawsuit by a New Yorker claiming to own 84 percent of the company .
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg speaks during a session at the Cannes Lions 2010 International Advertising Festival in Cannes , June 23 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Sebastien Nogier
In a civil lawsuit filed in the Supreme Court of New York ’s Allegany County last month , Paul Ceglia said he signed a contract with Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg in 2003 to develop and design a website .
The terms of the contract entitled Ceglia to a $ 1,000 fee and a 50 percent stake in the product , which eventually was launched as thefacebook.com , according to the lawsuit .
The contract also stipulated that Ceglia “ would acquire an additional 1 percent interest in the business , per day , until the website was completed , ” and the suit said that by February 4 , 2004 , Ceglia ’s stake in Facebook totaled 84 percent .
Facebook called the suit completely frivolous .
The company said the case has been moved to federal court , where Facebook has asked that Allegany Court Judge Thomas Brown ’s recent order restricting the transfer of Facebook assets be struck down .
“ The order will not affect our ability to do business but we do not believe it is legally supported and we have moved to have it vacated , ” said Facebook ’s Barry Schnitt .
Facebook , which has nearly 500 million users , is the world ’s No.1 Internet social networking service and ranks among the Web ’s most popular sites , alongside Google Inc , Yahoo Inc and Microsoft Corp .
The privately held Facebook is also one of the most closely - watched Web companies by investors eager for a blockbuster initial public offering .
Ceglia and his attorney could not immediately be reached for comment .
In December 2009 , New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo obtained a temporary restraining order against a wood - pellet fuel company owned by Ceglia and his wife Iasia , of Wellsville , New York , according to a press release .
Cuomo ’s suit alleged that Allegany Pellets took $ 200,000 from customers and failed to deliver any products or refunds .
News of Ceglia ’s suit against Facebook was first reported by the Wellsville Daily website on Monday .
Ceglia ’s suit contends the contract with Zuckerberg was dated April 2003 .
Some of the previous accounts of Facebook ’s history have said that Zuckerberg was at work on other projects during that period and did not come up with the idea for Facebook until later .
The Internet domain name for “ The Facebook.com ” was registered in January 2004 , according to Network Solutions online registry of domain names .
The case is Ceglia vs. Zuckerberg & Facebook , 038798/2010 in the Allegany Supreme Court for New York State .
Last week I connected to my Linux desktop from my Mac laptop , and Finder would n’t let me copy files over to the Linux box .
Even stranger , it would delete the original file on the share after stating that it did n’t have permission to access it !
The error message it kept popping up was :
The operation ca n’t be completed because you do n’t have permission to access some of the items .
So it did n’t have permission to access or save the items , but it had permission to delete them ?
Clearly the error message was n’t telling the whole story !
Even stranger : if I opened a file with an application like TextWrangler or NeoOffice , they had no problem saving it !
It was only Finder that had the problem !
Now , I ’ve successfully transferred files back and forth between these computers many times before , but I had changed two things recently :
Upgraded the Linux box to Fedora 13 .
Installed the Mac OS X 10.6.4 update to Snow Leopard .
I did n’t have much luck searching online , maybe because I was looking for the wrong terms .
The closest I came up with were discussions like this one , but they all involved a server using netatalk or other AFP file sharing implementations .
I ’ve been using samba ( Windows - Style SMB shares ) on the Linux box ever since I had some problems with Netatalk and decided that since the Mac would connect via Samba , I would n’t worry about it .
I idly posted the problem on Twitter .
My brother replied that he ’d run into the same problem ( on Ubuntu , IIRC ) , and suggested turning off Unix extensions in Samba .
That meant opening up / etc / samba / smb.conf on the Linux box and adding the following line to the “ Filesystem Options ” section :
unix extensions = no
I restarted Samba on the Linux box , and that was it .
The Mac was able to copy files over without any errors !
I hope this post helps someone else solve the same problem .
Having decided to transition , Juliet Jacques begins living as woman .
Here she recounts the reaction of friends , employers - and total strangers
Having made my decision to transition , the first place I went was the Clare Project .
The convenor handed me pages on the NHS pathway , the numerous oestrogens available , hair removal and surgery , and told me that the first step was to ask my GP for a psychiatric referral .
My doctor warned of a three - to four - month waiting list .
Fine , I thought , I 'll have time to manage things with friends and family .
Days later , the letter arrived : my assessment would be in two weeks .
This is it , I decided .
I would live as a woman - except at work , as my temporary contract expired in two weeks .
Why make all that effort for the sake of a fortnight ?
I emailed everyone I saw socially - I wanted them to find out from me .
I covered every issue I thought they might have , before apprehensively pressing ' send ' .
Then I went into town to buy essentials for my new life .
I picked an outfit , trying to assert that I was presenting as female without over - dressing .
I settled on a black - and - white T - shirt , a knee - length skirt , black tights and flat shoes , and set out .
The more ' everyday ' my action , the more unfamiliar and frightening it seemed .
Stepping outside was terrifying - this was nothing like glamming up for genderqueer nights .
The stakes felt sky - high : I 'd denied myself the ' off ' switch I 'd had whenever presenting as female meant difficulties .
I knew , though , that I was doing the right thing .
I had to replace the cheap bra inserts I 'd bought on eBay , so my first stop was transgender - specific : a shop in Hove that caters for anyone on the male - to - female spectrum .
I spent £ 110 on more durable breast forms , baulking at the expense but knowing that they 'd last until I got on hormones .
( I 've promised these , signed , to a friend once I no longer need them .
If they appear on eBay , I 'll be very annoyed . )
Hungry , I nervously dashed into the Co-op .
Would transphobia complicate the simple act of buying fruit ?
No : I bought a banana without judgement from cashier or customers , and confidently got the bus home .
My initial fear - that I 'd struggle to walk around town without constant hassle - did n't materialise .
Friends replied to my email : all supportive , many praising my ' bravery ' .
I did n't feel I was being brave : I 'd done what was necessary to stay sane .
Some , particularly my male friends , expressed concerns - they liked me as a man , and worried that I was going to ' disappear ' .
From my transgender perspective , I 'd underestimated the tribal nature of gender .
I was surprised to find that some female friends felt I was ' joining ' them , whilst some males felt I was ' leaving ' them .
Soon , their anxieties dissipated .
The immediate changes were superficial ; fundamentally , I was the same person .
But out for a friend 's birthday on the second night of my ' real - life experience ' , I became worryingly aware of how strangers might respond .
Two men stared at me , then one got up and asked : " Are you a bird or a bloke ? "
What to do ?
Demand a third option ?
Say " woman " in my untrained male voice , or some camp - sounding high - pitched tone ?
" Bloke " seemed the safest , yet least comfortable , option .
" I thought so , " he said .
" Nice tits ! "
He squeezed the contents of my bra and left .
I sat down , simultaneously violated and relieved .
Two days later , I returned to the Clare Project .
I felt less secure : shops had refused to serve me , several old friends had n't returned my email , and I was worrying about my family .
Their counsellor told me to give my friends time , to expect some discrimination , and to bide my time with my parents .
" What if the psychiatrist rules me unfit to transition ? " I asked .
" He won't , " said the counsellor .
" There 's a raft of psychiatrists to go through - this referral just checks for any obvious mental health problems .
Explain everything calmly and you 'll be fine . "
I went home , slightly reassured .
The next day , I returned to work - as male .
I knew that the Gender Recognition Act prevented employers from sacking transitioning staff , but as a temp I could soon be out of work , and nothing stops employers passing over transsexuals .
I told my manager , who was helping me find another job within the organisation .
She told me to consult human resources .
The HR manager and I decided that if I got another job , I would email everyone I knew explaining my transition not just between departments , but also between genders .
For now , though , I contemplated unemployment - and starting another job in an unknown situation .
I 'd rather stay where I was : I knew it was a welcoming environment , and there was another trans woman on my floor who seemed perfectly happy .
My psychiatric assessment was the next day .
I nervously entered Hove Polyclinic and filled out a preliminary questionnaire , measuring my depression and anxiety .
To my relief , my scores were low - I 'd heard rumours that the people at the Charing Cross Gender Identity Clinic do n't like to hear of other psychological difficulties besides gender dysphoria .
The psychiatrist asked the questions I expected - about my childhood , my family and friends , my work , my involvement with the transgender community , my mental health , my substance use and my sexuality .
My fears of rejection were unfounded : he scheduled a second appointment , telling me that he would recommend me for full reassignment .
To celebrate , I went shopping with a friend .
I treated myself to a makeover , before getting started on a new wardrobe .
Once we were done , I discarded the ( awful ) coat and bag I 'd bought years ago , symbolising my shift from ' cross - dresser ' to ' trans woman ' .
Already , I 'd stopped feeling that I was living ' as a woman ' - I was simply living .
I returned to work the next day , and arranged a new temporary role .
I told my new boss that I was transitioning : no issue , she said .
I thought how fortunate I was - I must have had one of the easiest beginnings to transition ever .
One trans friend told me that she lost everything , including her job and her relatives .
It was tragic .
I thanked goodness that I had been able to live and work in a relatively accommodating time and place .
There was just one group left to tell : my family .
• Juliet Jacques 's column will appear fortnightly .
You are invited to post comments and questions for Juliet below , and are very welcome to share your own experiences .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Gen . Stanley McChrystal is apologizing for remarks he made in a Rolling Stone interview denigrating Vice President Joe Biden and US Ambassador to Afghanistan Karl Eikenberry .
McChrystal is said to have asked “ Who ’s that ? ” at the mention of Joe Biden ’s name , and to have suggested that Amb .
Eikenberry leaked memos critical of McChrystal ’s planned counter - insurgency campaign in Afghanistan because he wanted to cover himself against harsh criticism if the war went badly wrong .
His staffers , interviewed for the piece , were even more derisive of Obama insiders .
President Obama absolutely must fire McChrystal for insubordination .
You ca n’t have the office of the vice presidency disrespected in public by a general in uniform that way .
Nor is it plausible that the Obama team has a prayer of getting Afghanistan right , assuming such a thing is possible , if the commanding military officer and the ambassador are feuding like the Baizai and the Ranizai .
Obama has largely misunderstood the historical moment in the US .
He appears to have thought that we wanted a broker , someone who could get everyone together and pull off a compromise that led to a deal among the parties .
We do n’t want that .
We want Harry Truman .
We want someone who will give them hell .
We do n’t want him to say one day that Wall Street is making obscene profits when the rest of the country suffers , then the next day say that the brokers deserve their bonuses .
We do n’t want him to mollify Big Oil one day then bash it the next .
More consistent giving of hell , please .
If Obama does n’t fire McChrystal , he will never be respected by anybody in the chain of command that leads to his desk .
Moreover , moving McChrystal out now would be a perfect opportunity to pull the plug on the impractical counter - insurgency campaign that the latter has been pursuing , which probably has only a 10 % chance of success .
( A RAND study found that where a government that claimed to be a democracy actually was not , and where it faced an insurgency , it prevailed only 10 % of the time .
Sounds like President Hamid Karzai in Afghanistan to me . )
President Truman got to the point in the Korean War where he was willing to dicker with the Chinese and to recognize the 38th parallel as an armistice line between South Korea and the north .
MacArthur kept rejecting such talks and baited the Chinese .
Truman fired him .
Obama has to be made of that Trumanian stuff if he wants to turn the country around .
We are n’t out of the woods .
There could be a double dip in the economy , or a long - term Japan - style post - bubble stagnation .
Wall Street is still taking us to the cleaners and getting their capital gains taxed at 15 % when it is being alleged there is n’t enough tax money to cover the needs of the rest of us .
The Supreme Court is undermining the Bill of Rights , criminalizing speech and association , and gutting campaign finance reform by favoring corporations as persons .
Big
Oil is openly fouling our environment and Big Gas is doing the same thing more quietly .
And the military industrial complex has us mired in forever wars that we ca n’t win and ca n’t afford .
The Rolling Stone interview must have somehow spun out of control– McChrystal can’t possibly have planned out such a brain - dead counter - insurgency campaign against the vice president ’s offices in the Naval Observatory beforehand .
Presumably McChrystal did the interview because he is afraid he is being undermined in Washington .
The left wing of the Democratic Party wants out of Afghanistan , in part because they do n’t think the country can afford the war any more .
Powerful critics of McChrystal ’s approach are said to be gaining President Obama ’s ear as it has failed to produce quick and tangible results .
McChystal may have thought he would have an opportunity to appeal directly to the young staffers who make so much happen on Capitol Hill .
Mark Ambinder at the Atlantic reminds us that McChrystal ’s feud with Eikenberry goes back to the days when McChrystal was commander of JSOC , the Joint Special Operations Command , and ordered his men into Afghanistan in 2005 to carry out a covert op of which Gen. Eikenberry disapproved .
Rumors of JSOC cowboyism and even illegalities have swirled for years .
A great irony is that McChrystal and Eikenberry appear to have traded places five years later , with McChrystal favoring big conventional military operations and Eikenberry urging that the US make do with small targeted counter - terrorism strikes .
The most recent roots of this grudge match go back to the dispute within the Obama administration last year over how to deal with Afghanistan .
Eikenberry , a former general , had been one of McChrystal ’s predecessors as commander of US troops in Afghanistan .
And Biden had spent decades either chairing or being ranking minority member on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
These seasoned observers of Central and South Asia concluded that the best the US could do in Afghanistan was small - scale targeted counter - terrorism .
Counter - terrorism implies intelligence work , deployment of special operations forces against small , specific targets , and use of air strikes and drones .
Biden is said to have suggested getting most US troops out of Afghanistan and just striking at al - Qaeda wherever it popped up , especially in the tribal areas of Pakistan .
In contrast , McChrystal ’s plan called for counter - insurgency , which implies large - scale conventional military campaigns , to “ take , clear , hold and build . ”
That is , the US troops would take territory now held by insurgents , would clear it of Taliban or other militants , would hold it for the medium or long term so as to reassure local elders that they were in no danger from returning Taliban , and would use the opportunity to build infrastructure and services .
Biden ’s target was the largely Arab , foreign al - Qaeda , organized as small terrorist cells ; but McChrystal wanted to root out the Taliban and their new Mujahidin allies , a much larger force that had roots in Pashtun society in a way that al - Qaeda does not .
McChrystal ’s plan required a massive troop escalation and the conquest by the US of large swathes of Pashtun territory in the southeast and southwest of the country .
The hope was that while the US did counter - insurgency on a large scale , NATO and US troops would be training and equipping a large Afghanistan National Army of 200,000 and a similarly sized police force , and that in a few years the country could be turned over to them .
Eikenberry worried , in cables later leaked , that going beyond counter - terrorism to large - scale counter - insurgency was impractical because :
A big US troop escalation would have the effect of actually making the Afghanistan security forces more dependent on the US , not less , and so significantly delay the day when they could or would step up to security duties on their own ;
They say there is holding on every play in the N.F.L. , but that the referees can’t call it every time because no one would watch .
The same goes for free kicks in soccer .
Any fan of the game knows the drill : just before the kick is taken , the referee stalks into the scrum of players jostling for position in front of the goal and quickly slashes his hands across his chest in the universal symbol for any - more - shoving - and - I - will - pull - this - game - over - right - now - young - man - do - you - hear - me ?
He then marches back into position , slips his whistle back between his lips and mentally prepares to decide just how rough is too rough .
In that vein , I will tepidly come to the defense of Koman Coulibaly , likely the only Malian of whom American sports fans have ever heard .
Mr. Coulibaly , as you may have heard , stands accused of cheating the United States national team out of a victory on Friday by disallowing an apparent goal by Maurice Edu late in the second half .
Since our justice system grants even the most incorrigible defendants the right to an attorney , consider me his public defender .
Ladies and gentlemen , may I direct your attention to the photograph below :
Luca Bruno / Associated Press
The man you see in the left of the photo appears to be Slovenia central defender Marko Suler forward Necj Pecnic ( anyone available as an expert witness ? ) .
The man you can clearly see grabbing him around the waist is his U.S. counterpart Carlos Bocanegra .
That man on the right , No. 19 , running into the open space Suler Pecnic ca n’t get to because Bocanegra has him in a bearhug ?
That ’s Maurice Edu .
( As Mr. Coulibaly ’s lawyer , I will ask that you please ignore the citizen ’s arrest in the foreground .
That is an unrelated case . )
Now please look at the next photograph .
Ivan Alvarado / Reuters
Please notice the two men in the foreground on the right , Bostjan Cesar ( 5 ) of Slovenia and Jay DeMerit of the United States .
I think we can all agree that the Laws of the Game do not allow for that kind of contact during the run of play .
O.K. , seriously now .
I think any objective fan can look at the two photos and agree that there was a lot going on during that free kick that is n’t allowed .
So maybe some of us did n’t like what Coulibaly saw , or that he chose to pluck out a foul by a United States player instead of one against a United States player .
But you ca n’t say nothing happened .
The defense rests .
And that ’s just because it ’s late and it ’s been a long day .
By popular demand , here ’s some video of the play .
As I noted in the original post , there are at least a half - dozen players who can legitimately claim they were fouled .
Thanks to all who took this post in the spirit it was intended .
Now all we need is a nickname for this incident , so that it can rightly claim its place in the World Cup history books alongside the Miracle of Belo Horizonte , the Battle of Berne and the Hand of God. AD
Apple is the new hacker bulls - eye
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
When Apple was just a niche maker of Mac computers and only truly popular among college students and graphic designers , hackers paid little attention to the company .
Instead , they focused on Microsoft , which had more than a 90 % share of the PC operating system market .
Those days are over .
Recent iPad security scares are a sign that Apple 's devices are a growing target for hackers , spammers and malicious coders .
" Market share is a pretty good indicator of who hackers are going after , " said Kevin Haley , director at Symantec Security Response .
" Hackers are motivated by money , so they want to get access to the most amount of people . "
Hacker group Goatse Security was able to obtain 114,000 iPad 3G users ' e-mail addresses and iPad SIM card ID numbers from AT&T's ( T , Fortune 500 ) website last week .
The vulnerability was on AT&T 's site , but any hit against the iPad dings Apple as well .
And in a blog post , Goatse Security said Monday that a " skilled attacker " could take advantage of a weakness in the iPad 's Safari Internet browser to launch a spam attack from a compromised iPad .
" This is a wake - up call for Apple , and it cannot afford to hit the snooze button , " said Hemanshu Nigam , founder of SSP Blue , a cybersecurity consulting firm .
" The hacker community focuses on companies that are on the top of their games .
Apple has gained enough market share that it has caught hackers ' attention . "
It 's not surprising that Apple is becoming a growing target -- it 's simply a matter of scale .
Cybercriminals try to hack the software that most people use to access the Internet , and increasingly , that software is made by Apple .
While Apple 's PC market share is still in the single digits , Apple is now the second largest smart phone maker in the United States , behind only BlackBerry maker Research in Motion ( RIMM ) .
It has also sold more than 2 million iPads in just two months .
" Any company 's device or platform on which lots and lots of people are exchanging or storing data is going to be susceptible to an attack , " said Fred Rica , principal security analyst at PricewaterhouseCoopers .
" Hackers are beginning to change over to other platforms that had n't been traditional targets , particularly to mobile . "
Response is critical
As Apple ( AAPL , Fortune 500 ) products become higher - profile targets , its response is going to be tested .
The company 's stance on security has long been " do n't worry about it . "
For instance , on its website Apple says simply , " Mac OS X does n't get PC viruses . "
The iPhone and iPad websites do n't even mention security .
Apple claims that the Unix framework that its Mac operating system is built on is inherently safer than Windows .
The truth is that Mac OS has as many vulnerabilities as Windows , according to Nigam -- Apple patches its products just often as Microsoft ( MSFT , Fortune 500 ) does .
In the past , Apple has responded quietly when vulnerabilities are exposed , patching products through automatic updates with no announcement .
The company 's famous " Get a Mac " ads say Microsoft 's constant security updates and alerts interfere with users ' ability to do work on their computers .
Ironically , Apple 's Safari browser 's lack of security alerts is one of the factors contributing to the security hole in the iPad , according to Goatse Security .
Apple did not respond to requests for comment .
" Suggesting Apple does n't get viruses gives its users a completely false sense of security , " Nigam said .
" It 's essentially taunting hackers .
They 'll take it as a challenge , and just start exploiting Apple 's user base . "
As a result , Nigam suggested it 's time for Apple to change it 's attitude .
Right now , Apple prioritizes the user experience ahead of security .
That can backfire .
" Apple has the capability to take charge of this situation now , " he said .
" If it does n't , it 's risking damage to its reputation for the long haul , a la Microsoft . "
Kabul , Afghanistan ( CNN ) --
Afghanistan 's interior minister and director of national security have resigned in the wake of an attack on a high - level peace conference last week , a spokesman for President Hamid Karzai said Sunday .
Karzai demanded an explanation of the security breach from Interior Minister Hanif Atmar and NDS chief Amrullah Saleh , and when they could not provide one , he accepted their resignations , the president 's office said .
Karzai planned the peace gathering with tribal leaders to discuss a reintegration plan for Taliban members who renounce violence and lay down their arms .
Suspected militants , however , fired rockets , detonated explosives and engaged in an intense gun battle with security forces Wednesday as Karzai spoke at the peace meeting .
Three suspected suicide bombers were killed and one were arrested in connection with the attack , presidential spokesman Seyamak Herwi said Wednesday .
The government later revised the number killed to two .
The attackers are not known to have killed or wounded anyone .
The resignations came on the same that Karzai began to act on the recommendations of the peace conference , or jirga .
He created a new commission to review cases of all suspected Taliban militants held in Afghan jails , his office said Sunday .
The commission will review the cases in order to find those who are believed to be in prison " without sufficient legally binding criminal evidence , " the statement from his office said .
The commission is one of about 200 recommendations to emerge after delegates from around Afghanistan met at the peace conference .
Delegates to the conference also urged the Taliban to cut its ties with the al Qaeda terror network and asked that Taliban prisoners be freed from international detention centers .
Among other things , the delegates recommended that names of all Taliban members be removed from blacklists maintained by the United States and United Nations .
Those lists contain the names of suspected militants that U.S. authorities and their allies would like to arrest .
The delegates called for the release of any prisoners currently being held for giving faulty information to NATO forces , and they urged international forces to stop searches of private homes without adequate reason .
They also advised U.S. - led forces to accelerate their training of the Afghan military in advance of the anticipated handover of security responsibilities .
At the same time , they called for the establishment of a peace council comprised of provincial council representatives , tribal leaders and religious scholars .
The council , they said , should create a committee to help facilitate the release and reintegration of prisoners .
Karzai planned the peace gathering with tribal leaders to discuss a reintegration plan for Taliban members who renounce violence and lay down their arms .
The Taliban released a press statement a day before the attack , calling the peace meeting a " foreign - scripted peace jirga . "
CNN 's Thomas Evans contributed to this report .
In this blog post we are going to demonstrate how the ‘ - S ’ and ‘- t ’ switches ( that were introduced in IDA Pro 5.7 ) can be used to run IDC , Python or other supported scripts from the command line as if they were standlone scripts and how to use the idascript utility
Background
In order to run a script from the command line , IDA Pro needs to know which script to launch .
We can specify the script and its argument via the “ - S ” switch :
idag - Sfirst.idc mydatabase.idb
Or :
idag - S " first.idc arg1 arg2 " mydatabase.idb
In case the script does not require a database ( for example , it works with the debugger and attaches to existing processes ) , then IDA Pro will be satisfied with the " - t " ( create a temporary database ) switch :
idag - S " first.idc arg1 arg2 " -t
Where first.idc :
#include < idc.idc > static main ( ) { Message ( " Hello world from IDC !
" ) ; return 0 ; }
If we run IDA Pro with the following command :
idag - Sfirst.idc -t
We notice two things :
Nothing is printed in the console window :
This is because the message will show in the output window instead :
( It is possible to save all the text in the output window by using the IDALOG environment variable . )
IDA
Pro remains open and does not close :
To exit IDA Pro when the script finishes , use Exit ( ) IDC function .
In the following section , we will address those two problems with idascript.idc and idascript.py helper scripts and the idascript utility .
Running scripts from the command line
In order to print to the console window , we will not use IDC / Message ( ) instead we will write to a file and when IDA Pro exits we will display the contents of that file .
Our second attempt with second.idc :
extern g_idcutil_logfile ; static LogInit ( ) { g_idcutil_logfile = fopen ( " idaout.txt " , " w " ) ; if ( g_idcutil_logfile == 0 ) return 0 ; return 1 ; } static LogWrite ( str ) { if ( g_idcutil_logfile !=
0 ) return fprintf ( g_idcutil_logfile , " %s " , str ) ; return - 1 ; } static LogTerm ( ) { if ( g_idcutil_logfile == 0 ) return ; fclose ( g_idcutil_logfile ) ; g_idcutil_logfile = 0 ; } static main ( ) { LogInit( ) ; //
Open log file LogWrite ( " Hello world from IDC !
" ) ; // Write to log file LogTerm ( ) ; // Close log file Exit(0 ) ; // Exit IDA Pro }
Now let us run IDA Pro :
idag - Ssecond.idc -t
and type afterwards :
type idaout.txt
to get the following output :
Hello world from IDC !
To simplify this whole process , we wrote a small win32 command line utility called idascript :
IDAScript 1.0 ( c ) Hex - Rays -
A tool to run IDA Pro scripts from the command line
It can be used in two modes : a ) With a database : idascript database.idb script.( idc|py | ... ) [ arg1 [ arg2 [ arg3 [... ] ] ] ]
b)
With a temporary database : idascript script .( idc|py | ... ) [ arg1 [ arg2 [ arg3 [... ] ] ] ]
Since we will be using LogInit ( ) , LogTerm ( ) , LogWrite ( ) and other helper functions over and over , we moved those common functions to idascript.idc .
The script first.idc can now be rewritten like this :
#include < idc.idc > # include " idascript.idc " static main ( ) { InitUtils ( ) ; // calls LogInit () Print ( ( " Hello world from IDC !
" ) ) ; // Macro that calls LogWrite ( ) Quit ( 0 ) ; // calls LogTerm ( ) following by Exit ( ) }
As for IDAPython , we wrote a small class to redirect all output to idaout.
txt :
import sys class ToFileStdOut ( object ) : def __init__( self ) : self.outfile = open ( " idaout.txt " , " w " ) def write ( self , text ) : self.outfile.write ( text ) def flush ( self ) : self.outfile.flush ( ) def isatty ( self ) : return False def __del__( self ) : self.outfile.close( ) sys.stdout = sys.stderr = ToFileStdOut ()
Thus , hello.py can be written like this :
import idc import idascript print " Hello world from IDAPython
" for i in xrange ( 1 , len( idc. ARGV ) ) : print " ARGV [ %d ] = %s " % ( i , idc.ARGV[i ] ) idc.Exit(0 )
Sample scripts
Process list
The sample script listprocs.idc will enumerate all processes and display their ID and name :
#include < idc.idc > # include < idascript.idc > static main ( ) { InitUtils ( ) ; LoadDebugger ( " win32 " , 0 ) ; auto q = GetProcessQty ( ) , i ; for ( i=0;i< q ; i++ ) Print ( ( " [ %08X ] %s
" , GetProcessPid( i ) , GetProcessName ( i ) ) ) ; Quit( 0 ) ; }
Kill process
The killproc.idc script illustrates how to find processes by name and terminate them one by one :
#include < idc.idc > #include " idascript.idc " #include " procutil.idc " static main ( ) { InitUtils ( ) ; // Load the debugger LoadDebugger ( " win32 " , 0 ) ; //
Get parameters if ( ARGV.count < 1 ) QuitMsg ( 0 , " Usage : killproc.idc ProcessName
" ) ; auto procs = FindProcessByName( ARGV [ 1 ] ) , i ; if ( procs.count == 0 ) QuitMsg ( - 1 , " No process ( es ) with name " + ARGV [ 1 ] ) ; for ( i=procs.count-1;i>=0 ;i--) { auto pid = procs[i ] ; Print ( ( " killing pid : %X
" , pid ) ) ; KillProcess ( pid ) ; } Quit(0 ) ; }
To test the script , let us suppose we have a few instances of notepad .
exe we want to kill :
D:\idascript > idascript killproc.idc notepad.exe killing pid : 878 killing pid : 14C8 D:\idascript >
We used here the “ ARGV ” variable that contains all the parameters passed to IDA Pro via the - S switch , FindProcessByName ( ) utility function and KillProcess ( ) ( check procutil.idc )
The trick behind terminating a process is to attach and call StopDebugger ( ) .
The following is an excerpt from procutil.idc utility script :
static KillProcess ( pid ) { if (! AttachToProcess ( pid ) ) return 0 ; StopDebugger ( ) ; //
Terminate the current process // Normally , we should get a PROCESS_EXIT event GetDebuggerEvent ( WFNE_SUSP , -1 ) ; }
Process information
The procinfo.idc script will display thread count , register information and the command line arguments of the process in question :
#include " idascript.idc " #include " procutil.idc " static DumpProcessInfo( ) { //
Retrieve command line via Appcall Print ( ( " Command line : %s
" , GetProcessCommandLine ( ) ) ) ; // Enum modules Print ( ( " Module list :
------------
" ) ) ; auto x ; for ( x = GetFirstModule ( ) ;x!=BADADDR;x=GetNextModule(x ) ) Print ( ( " Module [ %08X ] [ %08X ] %s
" , x , GetModuleSize( x ) , GetModuleName ( x ) ) ) ; Print ( ( "
Thread list :
------------
" ) ) ; for ( x=GetThreadQty ( ) - 1;x>=0 ;x--) { auto tid = GetThreadId(x ) ; Print ( ( " Thread [ % x ]
" , tid ) ) ; SelectThread ( tid ) ; Print ( ( " EIP=%08X ESP=%08X EBP=%08X
" , Eip , Esp , Ebp ) ) ; } } static main ( ) { InitUtils ( ) ; // Load the debugger LoadDebugger ( " win32 " , 0 ) ; //
Get parameters if ( ARGV.count < 2 ) QuitMsg ( 0 , " Usage : killproc.idc ProcessName
" ) ; auto procs = FindProcessByName( ARGV [ 1 ] ) , i ; for ( i=procs.count-1 ;i>=0 ;i--) { auto pid = procs[ i ] ; if (! AttachToProcess ( pid ) ) { Print ( ( " Could not attach to pid=%x
" , pid ) ) ; continue ; } DumpProcessInfo( ) ; DetachFromProcess ( ) ; } Quit( 0 ) ; }
The function GetProcessCommandLine is implemented ( using Appcall ) like this :
static GetProcessCommandLine ( ) { //
Get address of the GetCommandLine API auto e , GetCmdLn = LocByName ( " kernel32_GetCommandLineA " ) ; if ( GetCmdLn == BADADDR ) return 0 ; //
Set its prototype for Appcall SetType( GetCmdLn , " char * __stdcall x ( ) ; " ) ; try { // Retrieve the command line using Appcall return GetCmdLn ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { return 0 ; } }
Extracting function body
So far we did not really need a specific database to work with .
In the following example ( funcextract.idc ) we will demonstrate how to extract the body of a function from a given database :
#include < idc.idc > # include " idascript.idc " static main ( ) { InitUtils ( ) ; if ( ARGV.count < 2 ) QuitMsg ( 0 , " Usage : funcextract.idc FuncName OutFile " ) ; // Resolve name auto ea = LocByName ( ARGV [ 1 ] ) ; if ( ea == BADADDR ) QuitMsg ( 0 , sprintf ( " Function ' %s ' not found ! " , ARGV [ 1 ] ) ) ; //
Get function start ea = GetFunctionAttr( ea , FUNCATTR_START ) ; if ( ea == BADADDR ) QuitMsg ( 0 , " Could not determine function start !
" ) ; // size = end - start auto sz = GetFunctionAttr( ea , FUNCATTR_END ) - ea ; auto fp = fopen ( ARGV [ 2 ] , " wb " ) ; if ( fp == 0 ) QuitMsg ( - 1 , " Failed to create output file
" ) ; savefile ( fp , 0 , ea , sz ) ; fclose ( fp ) ; Print ( ( " Successfully extracted %d byte (s ) from ' %s ' " , sz , ARGV [ 1 ] ) ) ; Quit( 0 ) ; }
To test the script , we use idascript utility and pass a database name :
D:\idascript>idascript ar.idb funcextract.idc start start.bin Successfully extracted 89 byte(s ) from ' start ' D:\idascript >
Other ideas
There are other ideas that can be implemented to create useful command line tools :
Process memory read / write : Check the rwproc.idc script that allows you to read from the process memory to a file or the other way round .
script that allows you to read from the process memory to a file or the other way round .
Associate .IDC with idascript.exe :
This allows you to double - click on IDC scripts to run them from the Windows Explorer
Scriptable debugger : Write scripts to debug a certain process and extract needed information
…
Installing the idascript utility
Please download idascript and the needed scripts from here and follow these steps :
Copy idascript.exe to the installation directory of IDA Pro ( say %IDA % ) Add IDA Pro directory to the PATH environment variable Copy idascript.idc and procutil.idc to %IDA % \idc Copy idascript.py to %IDA % \ python Optional : Associate *.idc files with idascript.exe
Comments and suggestions are welcome !
Kent man , 75 , completes Death Valley ultramarathon Published duration 15 July 2010
image caption Mr Denness said this was the last time he was going to run the ultramarathon
A 75 - year - old grandfather from Kent has beaten his own record of being the oldest person to finish one of the world 's toughest endurance races .
Jack Denness , of Rochester , completed the 135 - mile race through Death Valley in California at midnight on Wednesday local time .
The part - time caretaker , nicknamed Death Valley Jack , crossed the finish line in 59 hours and 13 minutes .
It is the 12th time he has finished the event , dubbed the world 's hottest race .
Runners in the Badwater Ultramarathon face temperatures of up to 55C ( 130 F ) .
' Last ultramarathon '
Mr Denness said : " It 's like a family out here in Death Valley .
We look out for each other .
" It 's not about winning or losing but about helping people reach the finish line . "
He was already the oldest person to have finished the event before this latest race .
image caption Runners in the ultramarathon face temperatures of up to 55C ( 130 F )
Mr Denness said this year 's Badwater Ultramarathon would be his last .
He took up jogging at the age of 45 when he gave up smoking , but has since run more than 150 UK marathons , including 14 London Marathons .
In 2005 , he became the first 70 - year - old to finish the Badwater Ultramarathon .
He has raised more than £ 100,000 for charity since he began running , and this year was collecting funds for Kent - based organisation Cerebral Palsy .
He added : " The staff are so dedicated to the kids and it's an honour to do what I can to help them in their work .
Looking to the queer past with an eye on photos , magazines , postcards : anything that speaks to us .
We 're interested in physique photography , gay pulps , vintage erotica , snapshots , and ephemera .
Some items are available for purchase .
He defended his remark , insisting that while French had been the " most useful language to use because it was the diplomatic language " , things had changed over the last 30 to 40 years and now " it certainly is n't " .
The Vapir is like many other small vaporizers , with one key difference : it 's powered by a rechargeable battery , allowing you to bring it with you anywhere .
Advertisement
It 's a neat trick .
Most vaporizers require you to keep the thing plugged in to power their electron - hungry coils .
A monster machine like the Volcano could probably never go wireless , but a smaller unit like the Vapir does quite well .
Advertisement
Heating up the coils does use up a good deal of juice , but you 're able to get a good 4 - 5 full uses out of it between charges .
And you can use it while it 's plugged in and charging as well , which is nice .
It 's a pretty basic setup : select your temperature in either Fahrenheit or Celsius , wait a minute for it to heat up , fill it with your vaporizables , pop on the mouthpiece and go to town .
And it works pretty well !
I set the temperature at 380° , hit the heat button , and watched as the temp shot up 300° in about 90 seconds .
I then filled it with my desired vaporizing substance and popped the top piece ( with rubber hose and mouthpiece ) on .
The temperature would sometimes dip down a few degrees and then heat itself back up , but it stayed within 7 or 8 degrees of my set temperature the entire time it was running .
The digital readout is also very accurate — I used an IR thermometer to confirm that the Vapir 's readout showed the exact temperature when it was both cool and running hot .
The vapor it produces is smooth and flavorful , exactly as advertised .
There 's no real discernible difference between the vapor from the Vapir and the vapor from the Volcano , at least that I could notice .
The temperature is presumably more stable with the Volcano , but I 'm not sure how big a deal that is .
Perhaps the subtleties are best left to the connoisseurs .
Advertisement
Where the Vapir does fall to the Volcano is in how you pack it .
With the Volcano , there 's a screened top piece that you fill and can place on or remove from the heating element whenever you want .
This allows you to pack it , wait for the unit to come to temperature , pop it on to fill the bag and then remove .
It helps keep you from wasting materials , as it's only sitting on the heating element when it 's being used .
With the Vapir , there 's a pit at the top for you to put your vaporizables in .
In order to empty it , you need to tip the whole unit over and bang on the back or dig it out with a pen or a nail .
Not only is this kind of a pain , but it makes it much harder to use the unit as the instructions dictate .
You 're not supposed to fill it until it 's fully heated , but with the high efficiency of this thing , the chances are good that you 'll only vaporize part of what you pack and will want to leave some for later .
Rather than being able to just pop off that top piece , you need to reheat it while it warms up again or dig your materials out in between every session .
Advertisement
That 's more of a minor inconvenience than a dealbreaker .
Sure , it does hurt the efficiency of the unit , but it 's still wildly more efficient than smoking .
And at $ 179 , it 's a fraction of the price of a Volcano , which can run you upwards of $ 700 .
And hell , you can't take a Volcano on a picnic , now can you ?
[ Vapir ]
Advertisement
It 's portable !
Advertisement
Heats up quickly
Advertisement
Digital thermometer is accurate
Advertisement
Comparatively inexpensive
Advertisement
A pain to clean out in between uses
An ailing American on a solo mission to kill Usama bin Laden was going for his " last hurrah " when he flew to Pakistan to hunt the master terrorist , but he was detained by Pakistani police before he found his prey .
Gary Brooks Faulkner , a 50 - year - old construction contractor from Colorado , was picked up in a remote forest near the Pakistan / Afghanistan border carrying a pistol , a 40 - inch sword and night - vision equipment , according to Pakistani police .
Though he never served in the military or had combat training , Faulkner is in " great shape " and has been trained in hapkido , a Korean martial art , his brother told FoxNews.com .
But Faulkner suffers from polycystic kidney disease that has left him with only 9 percent kidney function , and he requires dialysis treatments three times a week , his family said .
" Now that he's on dialysis he realized that this is going to be his last hurrah , " said Dr. Scott Faulkner , an internist in Fort Morgan , Colo .
" One way or the other he knew — if his kidneys failed him , he could die on the mountain , he could take a bullet , or he could get bin Laden . "
He said his brother , an avid hunter , told friends and family he was seeking much bigger game in Pakistan .
" After what Usama has done to our country and American troops and our people " — and in light of the government 's failure to capture the most wanted man in the world for nearly a decade —
Faulkner dedicated himself to locating and executing bin Laden and his inner circle , his brother said .
" Gary thought he 's the man for the job , " he said .
Faulkner was making his seventh trip to Pakistan since 2002 , combing an area rumored to be among bin Laden 's hiding places near the Afghan border .
He was assigned a police escort upon his arrival , but he eluded the officer and walked off on his own .
He was located by Pakistani police and detained while trying to cross into Afghanistan 's Nooristan region , officials said .
Faulkner 's brother said he did not know how he acquired the sword and pistol Pakistani authorities said he was carrying when they detained him in a town in the Chitral Forest .
" He owns weapons in the U.S. , but he did not take any of those weapons with him to Pakistan , " Dr. Faulkner said .
But he said his brother arms himself in preparation when he travels to Pakistan .
" He always carries swords there , " Dr. Faulkner told FoxNews.com .
" They 're everywhere — getting a sword is easy . "
Faulkner speaks only a smattering of Urdu , the main dialect of Pakistan , which he has picked up during his several trips to the region .
He called his brother in Colorado after returning to the country 's urban south to receive dialysis treatment .
" He contacted me about five days ago , " Dr. Faulkner said .
" He went down to southern Pakistan and he had to get dialysis — he was feeling pretty weak . "
After a round of treatment , which he normally receives every other day in the U.S. , Faulkner told his brother he was feeling great again .
The Denver Post reported that Faulkner has been arrested several times in Colorado , according to Colorado Bureau of Investigation Records .
He served prison sentences at least twice , in 1981 and 1986 , on burglary and larceny convictions , and was sentenced to one year in jail on a domestic violence assault conviction in 1996 .
More recently , Faulkner was arrested in Greeley , Colo. , in 2006 on a misdemeanor " failure to appear " warrant from another jurisdiction , according to records , the Denver Post reported .
When Pakistani police picked up Faulkner on Sunday he carrying a book containing Christian verses and teachings and told them he believed God would help him find and kill bin Laden .
His brother said the book was likely the Bible .
He said Faulkner does not attend church regularly and is not a religious " nut job , " but he carries a Bible everywhere he goes .
" He is a deeply religious man ; he believes that God 's got his back , and I believe that , too , " he said .
Faulkner is divorced and has a son .
Dr. Faulkner said his brother is not crazy , no matter how improbable his quest may appear to those outside the family .
" I'm a physician — I would know if my brother was schizophrenic or bipolar , " he said .
" He 's very passionate , " he added , describing his brother 's 8 - year hunt for the terror chief as " pretty bold . "
" I think more people wish they had that kind of passion in their lives . "
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Piranha
For crude oil and fuel spills on soil and hard surfaces .
USS STENNIS , PERSIAN GULF — U.S. Iran War Czar Gen. Glenn Jacobs , the general director of the U.S. Center of the Invasion of Iran , announced Monday that neither the United States government nor the 30,000 troops aligned along Iran 's border have any plans to invade the " dangerous and belligerent " Middle Eastern country .
" We 're simply taking every precautionary measure we can to maintain the peace between the two countries , such as making sure we have enough cruise missiles to carry out that peace , taking comprehensive aerial photographs of Iranian bombing targets , and calculating how many lives would be lost if we did invade Iran , which we 're not going to do , " Jacobs said while studying a video simulation of what a wide - scale assault on Iran would look like .
" We do n't even have the manpower for that kind of operation yet . "
According to a statement from the White House , the recently reopened position of U.S. Cold War Czar will be filled soon .
Advertisement
The World Cup is a huge global sporting event that occurs for one month every four years .
During this month the whole world lives and breathes football .
People from different countries all over the world wave their flags high creating a sea of colour and energy .
Every four years it is up to one country to host the World Cup and of course a different brand is designed for each World Cup reflecting the host nation .
This post looks at the World Cup brand designs over the past 44 years and briefly outlines some of the similarities and changes in the World Cup branding over the years .
Looking at the brands below it is clear that one thing has remained constant over the years and that is the use of vibrant colours to evoke a sense of fun and multiculturalism .
Nearly all of the logo designs and mascots below use an array of bright and vibrant colours .
After all , soccer is “ the world game ” , so it ’s no surprise that this theme has remained over the years .
The mascot character designs have definitely improved over the years .
The 2010 mascot , Zakumi , was executed quite nicely and represents the South African country quite well .
Footix ( the France 1998 mascot ) and Striker ( the USA 1994 mascot ) also do a good job of representing the host nation and capturing the hearts of children all over the world .
As for the logo designs themselves , over the years there have been a mix of very simple designs and vastly complex ones .
Sometimes it seems like the basic logo design principles do n’t apply to World Cup logos !
Some of the designs look more like illustrative posters than logos , the South Africa 2010 logo in particular .
For me , the France 1998 and USA 1994 logo designs do the job quite nicely as they are clean , simple , balanced and dynamic .
I guess we will all have our own preferences , likes and dislikes , but in the end each brand represents a worldwide sporting celebration and will go down in the history books forever .
World Cup South Africa 2010 Brand Design
World Cup Germany 2006 Brand Design
World Cup Korea / Japan 2002 Brand Design
World Cup France 1998 Brand Design
World Cup United States 1994 Brand Design
World Cup Italy 1990 Brand Design
World Cup Mexico 1986 Brand Design
World Cup Spain 1982 Brand Design
World Cup Argentina 1978 Brand Design
World Cup West Germany 1974 Brand Design
World Cup Mexico 1970 Brand Design
World Cup England 1966 Brand Design
I think France 1998 has nailed their branding well .
Which one is your favourite ?
As if the story of Iranian nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri was n't weird and complicated enough .
Both the Pakistani and Iranian governments claimed this morning he 's taken refuge in Pakistani's Washington embassy and is trying to get home .
But a spokesperson at the Pakistani embassy flatly denies to Danger Room that Amiri is there .
Amiri , you may recall , was abducted by U.S. spies last year during a trip to Mecca ( at least , according to Tehran ) .
Or perhaps he defected , and is now studying for his Ph.D. of his own free will in the States ( according to American press accounts ) .
Last month , a pair of videos surfaces supporting both versions of Amiri 's tale .
The embassy is a pretty ideal location for intelligence - borne intrigue .
It 's tucked away in a tony , bucolic area behind the University of the District of Columbia off of Connecticut Avenue NW .
After Washington and Tehran severed ties following the 1979 revolution and hostage crisis , the embassy maintains a section representing Iran 's interests , so it 's a logical place for an allegedly - kidnapped Iranian to go .
But a Pakistani embassy official tells Danger Room that the reports of Amiri turning up in the embassy are " incorrect information " and " we have no one here " matching his description .
That 's from an individual at the press office who did n't identify herself and said she could not speak for the record .
She added she could n't explain why a spokesman for the Pakistani Foreign Ministry in Islamabad told reporters that the scientist is at the embassy 's Iranian interest section , about two miles away from the main facility in D.C. 's Glover Park neighborhood .
But she also did n't split hairs : " He 's not in the embassy at all . "
That said , the Iranian interest section is staffed by Iranians , not Pakistanis .
A spokesman for the Iranian interest section , Ali Shahrazi , tells Danger Room , " When we arrived this morning , [ Amiri ] was here . "
He dodged a question about whether the Pakistanis assisted in Amiri 's alleged arrival , saying that it was the job of Iranian staff to help Iranian nationals .
But there are lots of questions remaining about Amiri 's true identity , to say nothing of his whereabouts .
Two press officials at the Pakistani embassy authorized to speak for the record , Imran Gardezi or Nadeem Kiani , were not immediately available for comment .
We 'll update this story when we reach them .
The discrepancy between what the Pakistani embassy and the Pakistani foreign ministry say about Amiri's whereabouts is typical of this story .
Everything about Amiri 's case is murky .
CIA sources told ABC in March that he defected voluntarily , and provided a trove of information about Iran 's illicit uranium enrichment , now the subject of a new round of United Nations - approved sanctions .
But last month , Iranian state - run TV ran a clip of a man it claims is Amiri , talking into his laptop and saying that CIA and Saudi intelligence officials nicked him while he took a pilgrimage to Mecca last year and deposited him in ... Tucson .
No one explained how he could have recorded a video in custody .
But then a second video emerged online , featuring a different man decked out in a professorial beige sportcoat also claiming to be Amiri .
That guy said he 's simply a guy studying abroad and not in any sense a prisoner – or a defector .
Anonymous U.S. officials have denied kidnapping Amiri , and officials from the State Department and the CIA did not immediately respond to an inquiry about the story .
We 'll keep scouring YouTube to see if any new videos emerge backing one version of Amiri 's whereabouts or another .
Update , 11:14 a.m. : Politico's Laura Rozen quotes an anonymous U.S. official saying Amiri is free to leave the United States and was n't held against his will in the first place .
See Also :
A Roman Catholic priest in Connecticut was charged Tuesday with stealing $ 1.3 million US in church money over seven years to use for male escorts , expensive clothing , and luxury hotels and restaurants .
Rev. Kevin Gray , 64 , former pastor at Sacred Heart / Sagrado Corazon Parish in Waterbury , Conn. , is shown Tuesday in this booking photo .
He has been charged with stealing more than $ 1 million US in parish funds .
(( Waterbury Police Department / Associated Press ) ) Rev. Kevin J. Gray , former pastor at Sacred Heart / Sagrado Corazon Parish in Waterbury , was charged with first - degree larceny , Waterbury police said .
Arraignment was expected Tuesday in Waterbury Superior Court .
Gray , 64 , used the money to stay at such hotels as the Waldorf - Astoria , and on expensive clothing labels including Armani suits and Brooks Brothers , alleged Capt .
Christopher Corbett .
He also paid the college tuition and rent of two men he had met , Corbett said .
Telephone messages were left at Sacred Heart and at the office of Gray 's public defender .
" We are deeply saddened by the events which have recently had such a profound affect on Sacred Heart / Sagrado Corazon parish , " the Archdiocese of Hartford said in a statement .
" At the financial level , the archdiocese continues to work with the parish to improve its financial controls and to address issues arising from the situation such as insurance coverage and outstanding indebtedness , " the statement said .
" At the spiritual level , we continue to pray for healing and consolation for the parish family as it moves forward and for guidance and reconciliation for Father Gray as he encounters the legal proceedings that await him . "
The archdiocese last month asked police to investigate after it discovered during a financial review Gray allegedly may have taken more than a million dollars for personal use .
The money involved a combination of parish savings and money that should have been used to pay certain debts , such as insurance premiums , church officials have said .
Gray was Sacred Heart 's pastor from January 2003 until April 15 , when he was granted a medical leave .
He was later suspended .
The story is overtaking us .
Since we ’re off at World of Love today , I ’m quickly nosing around for stories we ’ve missed .
I see that turn - based fantasy game Disciples III : Renaissance has had an E3 trailer out .
Then I see that it ’s due shortly in Summer .
I see that summer means already out late last year in Russia , next month in the US and TODAY IN EUROPE !
Disciples III : Renaissance is out in Europe !
It can not be contained !
The signal is coming from inside the building !
Trailer follows .
Trailer over .
Chalk up a huge win for Firefox in the war against Microsoft 's Internet Explorer - IBM is telling all of its 400,000 employees to make Firefox their default Web browser .
While Firefox is the browser of choice for a sizable 23.81 % chunk of the market , Firefox just lost some share to the suddenly surging Internet Explorer ( See related story : Microsoft 's IE posts record usage share gains ) .
But the decision by IBM gives Firefox an immediate boost in usage as well as an endorsement from one of the most trusted , historic names in business technology .
Firefox vs Chrome vs Internet Explorer
IBM made no official announcement , but Robert Sutor , vice president of open source and Linux at IBM , wrote a blog post Thursday titled " Saying it out loud : IBM is moving to Firefox as its default browser . "
Sutor has worked for IBM since 1982 .
" Like many individuals and members of organizations , IBMers use their browsers a lot for conducting business , " Sutor writes .
" Our desktop and laptop software environments have some common applications but also software specific to do our various jobs .
And these jobs are varied , as there are about 400,000 IBM employees around the world .
Some of the software we all use should n't surprise you since we make it , such as Lotus Notes , Lotus Sametime , and Lotus Symphony .
We 're officially adding a new piece of software to the list of default common applications we expect employees to use , and that 's the Mozilla Firefox browser . "
Sutor does n't say whether Internet Explorer was previously IBM 's default browser , or whether IBM even had a default browser before today .
But IBM employees using Internet Explorer , Chrome , Safari , or whatever will be strongly encouraged to switch to Firefox .
" Any employee who is not now using Firefox will be strongly encouraged to use it as their default browser , " Sutor writes .
" All new computers will be provisioned with it .
We will continue to strongly encourage our vendors who have browser - based software to fully support Firefox .
...
It is not news that some IBM employees use Firefox .
It is news that all IBM employees will be asked to use it as their default browser .
...
Firefox is enterprise ready , and we 're ready to adopt it for our enterprise . "
Why is IBM so enamored with Firefox ?
Sutor lists the reasons :
Firefox is stunningly standards compliant , and interoperability via open standards is key to IBM 's strategy . "
" Firefox is open source and its development schedule is managed by a development community not beholden to one commercial entity . "
" Firefox is secure and an international community of experts continues to develop and maintain it . "
" Firefox is extensible and can be customized for particular applications and organizations , like IBM . "
" Firefox is innovative and has forced the hand of browsers that came before and after it to add and improve speed and function . "
The statement that Firefox is " not beholden to one commercial entity " illustrates concern about Internet Explorer being produced by Microsoft , and perhaps about the open source Chrome being controlled by Google , and Safari being controlled by Apple .
But Sutor also seems to think that Firefox is simply more technologically advanced than its rivals .
" While other browsers have come and gone , Firefox is now the gold standard for what an open , secure , and standards - compliant browser should be , " Sutor writes .
" We 'll continue to see this or that browser be faster or introduce new features , but then another will come along and be better still , including Firefox . "
Follow Jon Brodkin on Twitter : www.twitter.com/jbrodkin
Read more about software in Network World 's Software section .
This story , " IBM says ' I do ' to Firefox " was originally published by Network World .
( CNN ) -- Motorists in Ohio , beware : Speeding is in the eye of the beholder , especially when police are the ones guesstimating .
The Ohio Supreme Court has ruled a trained officer 's " visual estimation " of a vehicle going over the posted speed limit is enough to convict a motorist .
Local law enforcement agencies say the ruling in their favor does not mean they will stop using radar guns , while the guilty driver 's lawyer says the decision " stinks . "
That man was cited for going nearly 20 mph over the posted limit .
The state high court by a 5 - 1 vote said a trained officer 's guess was , by itself , enough to allow a ticket for speeding .
" A police officer 's unaided visual estimation of a vehicle 's speed is sufficient evidence to support a conviction for speeding in violation of [ state law ] without independent verification of the vehicle 's speed if the officer is trained , is certified by the Ohio Peace Officer Training Academy or a similar organization that develops and implements training programs to meet the needs of the communities they serve , " wrote the state justices .
The said a radar gun was '' not necessary to support a conviction for speeding . ''
The case involved Mark Jenney , who was traveling along Route 21 near Akron two years ago in his black SUV .
Officer Christopher Santimarino of the Copley , Ohio , Police Department was in his parked patrol car and saw Jenney drive by and determined the motorist was speeding .
He was cited for going 79 in a 60 mph zone .
At trial , the officer testified the radar unit he was using at the time clocked the vehicle at 82 mph but that reading was tossed by the judge after Santimarino could not producer a copy of his radar - training certificate when requested .
Santimarino -- who said he had performed " hundreds " of past visual estimations -- claimed he cited Jenney for only 79 mph " to give him a break on the personal appearance in court . "
The judge in upholding the conviction concluded the officer 's " strongest " testimony was his visual estimation , but amended the citation to say Jenney was only going 70 mph .
For his part , Jenney said he was not speeding and that the real culprit was a tractor - trailer that was passing his SUV at the time .
Copley police defended their officer 's actions .
" Officers can rely on their unaided visual estimation of a vehicle 's speed , but the intent is not to allow officers to routinely issue tickets based solely upon unaided visual observations , " said Chief Mike Mier .
John Kim , the attorney representing Jenney , said the decision " stinks " and expressed disappointment the state court did not rule on his main point -- when radar readings are disqualified , visual estimations should also be dismissed .
' ' I 'm really surprised , '' Kim said .
'' I never expected the ruling to come out this way . ''
Jenney paid the $ 177 fine , and his lawyer says he has no further plans to appeal .
The case is City of Barberton v. Jenney ( 2010 - Ohio-2420 ) .
Vancouver 's Olympic Village draws together more green building innovations than perhaps any other residential development -- which is why real estate mogul Bob Rennie is marketing it as the " greenest neighbourhood on the planet . "
Our World Class Olympic Village ?
read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
On a Saturday in May , about 15,000 Vancouverites lined up to tour what is now called " Millennium Water , " the former home for 3,000 Olympic athletes since morphed into a model green residential community .
Years in the planning by the City of Vancouver , the developer and a small army of consultant engineers and architects , every building on this former brownfield has earned the Canadian Green Home Building Council 's LEED Gold rating , with two buildings earning LEED Platinum .
Yet none of the innovations that the public saw that day -- including solar - powered garbage cans and a neighbourhood energy utility that recovers heat from sewer lines -- exist there because homebuyers demanded it or mainstream developers dreamed big .
The City of Vancouver mandated the extraordinary sustainability features from above , at a cost ultimately guaranteed by the public .
A billion dollars later , most Vancouverites are still light years away from living in " green homes " like those at South East False Creek ( SEFC ) .
So what is the value of this ultra - green community that most of us cannot own ?
Are there affordable green building features here that mainstream consumers will value enough to pay for , and that developers and architects might create sooner rather than later ?
Passive design with sun , wind and water
From the outset , SEFC design manager Roger Bayley was adamant that the development would be more than a posh green playground for the affluent .
" One of my aspirations is to significantly influence the development industry in Vancouver relative to the acceptance of sustainable design and green - building techniques , " he said back in 2007 , just as the project was breaking ground .
Flash forward to June 2010 : Bayley has agreed to take The Tyee on a private tour .
He pulls up to the Vancouver Salt Company heritage building in a forest - green Jaguar , appearing equal parts boomer hipster and wacky professor : curly Einstein hair and greying goatee , Versace shirt and ripped blazer .
Last - minute tradesmen race about the site just ahead of real estate agents giving private showings of homes ranging in cost from $ 600,000 to $ 4.7 million .
The first stop is a Platinum LEED building that will soon be home to 60 senior citizens , a building with triple - glazed windows , ultra energy efficient walls / roofing , and LED lighting .
A stairwell leads to a verdant courtyard bisected by a long water feature -- an aesthetically pleasing design element that is much more practical than it appears .
Most of the homes at SEFC have been clustered around open courtyards like this , with water at the centre ; the units that surround the babbling " creek " have been designed to maximize cross ventilation which is then cooled as it sweeps off the surface of the water .
Such " passive design " elements were among the first considerations when the community was designed , under the guidance of mechanical engineer Vladimir Mikler , who looked for ways to improve " thermal comfort " and minimize building energy consumption .
" If we can make really smart decisions on the building architecture , it does n't really have to cost more , and it saves the demand on the energy of the building in the first place , " says Mikler , a principle at Vancouver 's Cobalt Engineering .
" It 's typical for the industry to just dive in straight away for appealing and high - tech solutions without really addressing the fundamentals . "
The fundamentals in this case are designing a building envelope to high energy efficiency standards , something that Mikler says is not the norm in North America .
Insulation is key , as is the need to resist the mainstream penchant for designing high - rise glass towers with floor - to - ceiling windows .
" Buildings with a high per centage of glazing [ windows ] behave like large greenhouses , so every time it 's sunny , the sun 's solar radiation penetrates through these exposed facades , triggering significant cooling requirements , which consume energy , " he says .
Towers have been designed with less window surface , and where windows do exist , they can be opened .
South and west facing balconies , which catch afternoon sun during the hottest times of the day , extend outward to shade the building from the sun .
Many windows are fitted with exterior shades -- a simple solution to solar gain that is not usually applied because it affects the aesthetic look of the building .
Even at SEFC , says Mikler , there was concern about the exterior aesthetics of such blinds , but the passive design element won out because the City of Vancouver had mandated uncommonly high energy efficiencies in its official development plan .
In most developments , the marketing imperative of appearance over function would win out hands down .
Water , water everywhere
A walk along a cobbled concrete street -- designed to drain storm water into an artificial wetland on the site periphery -- leads to a building allotted for " social housing , " a component of the development reduced from one - third to 20 per cent by the NPA - led city council in 2006 .
Bayley points to the roofs that have been designed to capture and divert rainwater into large underground cisterns , providing " recycled " water for use in irrigation and toilet flushing .
Considering that Vancouver receives an average of about 1,100 millimetres ( about 44 inches ) of annual rainfall , it seems like common sense to flush our toilets and water our plants with it .
However , most British Columbians will continue to use potable water to do just that , which constitutes more than 50 per cent of total water household use ( flushing toilets alone accounts for more than a third of total household water use ) .
At SEFC , rainwater capture was originally intended only for irrigation , but given the vast quantities of water harvestable between October and June , it was decided to extend water recycling to toilets too .
( SEFC toilets can still access potable city water , for use during the drier months . )
" Doing this was not a big deal , " says Peter Kreuk , president of landscape architecture firm Durante Kreuk , which oversaw many of the exterior design elements .
He says water run -off on all high - rise roofs is piped to a single location before exiting a building , so in this case , the water was channelled into a cistern located in the underground parking .
Capturing and banking rainwater made even more sense on a brownfield site like SEFC because they already had to " over - excavate " to remove bad soil ; instead of filling those areas with structural soil as per usual , they left a void which was later used to store water .
The system necessitated the running of a parallel plumbing system to feed both the toilets and irrigation system , which needed its own pumps -- unlike the water delivered from the city , the banked rainwater is not pressurized .
Perhaps the biggest challenge here -- and anywhere else wanting to harvest rainwater -- is that it is currently illegal to use rainwater to flush toilets in the City of Vancouver .
The design team had to earn " equivalencies " from the city by demonstrating that the system would be safe .
The plan was eventually approved , but the developer was forced to post a sign in every bathroom warning residents that it is not safe to drink the toilet water .
The harvest and banking of rainwater at SEFC cuts household water use by about 40 per cent , adding an additional $ 400 to the cost of each unit .
" Which is n't that big , " says Kreuk , " but in developer - speak , that 's still $ 400 . "
The Green Revolution is coming ... somewhere else first
The tour is drawing to a close , as Bayley must get home to pack his bags -- he is flying to Shanghai to talk about Millennium Water at a " sustainable design " conference .
It is in Asia , he says , where the Olympic Village innovations will have the biggest impact on how people live .
" The experience gathered here in Vancouver can influence the situation in the world very broadly , " says Bayley .
" What we 've done here [ in terms of green building ] is a drop in the bucket compared to Asia , where they recreate our population every 20 years . "
China will adopt " green building " sooner than Canada because it has no choice : the need to conserve energy , cut pollution and protect fresh water is dire .
He adds that an authoritarian government can also move much quicker with green building changes once it decides to act .
As for Vancouver , there are promising signs of change on the horizon : the city has adopted guidelines for passive design in the form of toolkits , authored by none other than Vladimir Mikler .
Even though these guidelines are voluntary " best practices , " Bayley says this is the SEFC green innovation that society will see soonest .
" Younger architects will look for more passive design features , where architecture will reduce energy demands , " he says .
" It 's the first thing that will happen . "
In step with SEFC 's focus on energy efficient buildings , Vancouver also recently required new homes to undergo an EnerGuide audit , a process that generates a number similar to what you see on an EnergyStar appliance , providing a snapshot of home energy performance relative to other houses .
Tools like this are the necessary first step towards educating regular consumers about the value of green building features : the better EnerGuide rating , the better the monthly savings and resale value .
In the longer term , Vancouver has announced its intent for all new construction in the city to be " carbon neutral " by 2020 , and to improve the efficiency of existing buildings by 20 per cent in that same futuristic timeframe .
But in the shorter term , as our energy and water continue to be relatively cheap and undervalued , most of us will be forced to watch what nature writer David Oates calls the " new green urbanism " unfold as bystanders -- " a gleaming playground for the rich , yet ( in theory ) also an answer to the calls for environmental justice and social equity . "
Such is not the case in Australia , already the driest inhabited continent on earth , where catastrophic droughts have pushed the harvesting and banking of rainwater into the mainstream .
Or in Germany , where high energy costs have made it common today to find buildings with an annual " energy use intensity " of less than 60 kilowatt hours / square metre ; the typical North American building consumes anywhere between 300 to 400 kWh by that same measure .
" Everybody is trying to increase the capacity of the building industry here , " says Bayley , who dismisses critics who say it 's too expensive to build green buildings like at SEFC .
" Is there a sense of urgency in the marketplace ?
Not yet . "
Also noted …
This past Memorial Day ( May 31 ) was the first time in San Francisco ’s history that meters were enforced on a holiday .
The average number of tickets issued in SF on a typical day is 1,700 .
Memorial Day pulled in 4,097 tickets .
Good or bad news , depending on how you feel about cars , city funding strategies and those tiny , tiny ticketmobiles .
PORT ELIZABETH , SOUTH AFRICA —
Hollywood socialite Paris Hilton was arrested after a World Cup match in South Africa on Friday but subsequently released without charge .
She appeared late Friday in a FIFA World Cup courtroom after being arrested on suspicion of possession of marijuana at a quarterfinal match between Brazil and the Netherlands .
The authorities dropped the charges against Hilton , after her co-accused , Jennifer Rovero , “ acknowledged to be in possession of cannabis , and pleaded guilty , ” said Brig .
Sally De Beer , a spokeswoman for South African police .
Rovero , 31 , from New York , was sentenced to a fine of 1,000 rand ( $ 130 ) or 30 days imprisonment , De Beer said .
Hilton appeared in a special FIFA World Cup court around midnight local time .
In her column Friday , the Star ’s Rosie DiManno described these designated courts , as “ justice on steroids . ”
The courts are set up for the duration of the soccer tournament , so cases can be turned around in days — rather than many months , even years , as is common in the country ’s overwhelmed justice system — and sometimes harsh sentences are imposed .
A publicist for Hilton , 29 , said the incident was a “ misunderstanding . ”
“ Paris Hilton was questioned today by police in South Africa on allegations of smoking marijuana , ” a publicist for Hilton , Dawn Miller , said in a statement .
“ However I can confirm that the incident was a complete misunderstanding and it was actually another person in the group who did it , ” the statement said .
“ The case has been dropped against Paris and no charges will be made . ”
When told the case had been dropped , Hilton said “ thank you ” and left the courtroom .
Hilton wrote on Twitter later : “ Hey guys , there ’s a lot of crazy rumours going around .
Just want you all to know the truth .
Everything is completely fine .
I was not charged or arrested , cause I did n’t do anything . ”
She said she was helping police with their investigation .
“ Everyone was super nice and friendly to me , ” Hilton wrote .
“ I love South Africa !
Such an amazing place , especially during The World Cup !
Hope that clears everything up . ”
The socialite was wearing an off - white sleeveless blouse in court .
Her hair was in pigtails and she had heavy black eyeliner .
Hilton and Rovero were believed to have left court without speaking to reporters after a white van left the building with two of the passengers covering themselves to hide their identities .
Hilton was detained in Port Elizabeth earlier Friday , on suspicion of possessing marijuana , two South African police officers said on condition of anonymity earlier in the day .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
A local radio station in Johannesburg said Hilton was detained outside the Nelson Mandela Bay stadium , following the quarterfinal match between Brazil and Netherlands .
Hilton pleaded no contest in 2007 to alcohol - related reckless driving and was sentenced to 45 days in jail .
After spending about 23 days in jail , Hilton told Larry King that the experience caused her to re-evaluate the role partying played in her life .
She said she wanted “ to help raise money for kids and for breast cancer and multiple sclerosis . ”
Read more about :
Enlarge By Anthony Graber via YouTube Posted on YouTube : Anthony Graber 's helmet camera videos a plainclothes officer stopping him with a gun near Baltimore in March .
USA TODAY OPINION USA TODAY OPINION About Editorials / Debate Opinions expressed in USA TODAY 's editorials are decided by its Editorial Board , a demographically and ideologically diverse group that is separate from USA TODAY 's news staff .
Most editorials are accompanied by an opposing view — a unique USA TODAY feature that allows readers to reach conclusions based on both sides of an argument rather than just the Editorial Board 's point of view .
Anthony Graber admits he was breaking the law when he zipped down I - 95 near Baltimore last March on his motorcycle , ignoring the speed limit and popping wheelies as he raced by slower traffic .
But that 's not what has him facing felony charges that could land him in prison for up to 16 years .
OPPOSING VIEW : Respect officers ' rights Graber was wearing a helmet camera that recorded his adventure — as well as the shouted orders from a plainclothes Maryland state trooper who cut him off on an exit ramp and drew his gun before announcing that he was a law officer .
A week later , Graber posted the videotaped encounter on YouTube , and the law came down on him , hard .
Police searched his home and confiscated his computers .
State attorney Joseph Cassilly charged him with four felony counts , chiefly with violating Maryland 's wiretap law .
If he 's convicted , the YouTube video could land Graber in prison , strip him of his right to vote , take away his security clearance and disqualify him for some jobs for years .
This is an abuse of prosecutorial authority and a misinterpretation of state law .
But it 's typical of the attitude of too many prosecutors and police toward people who record their encounters with law enforcement and are usually completely within their rights to do so .
Websites that monitor these cases have posted stories from around the country of police ordering people to stop videotaping or photographing them , sometimes violently .
Most of the time , the police apparently either do n't understand the law or are deliberately misstating it to bully people into putting away their cameras or cellphones .
Only in Massachusetts and Illinois is it explicitly illegal to make an audio recording of people without their consent , so officials there can prosecute those who tape police encounters .
Ten other states , including Maryland , have " two - party consent " laws that require both ( or all ) people being audiotaped to approve , but the statutes apply to " private " conversations , such as a phone call .
Generally , courts and prosecutors conclude that an officer arresting someone in a public place has no expectation of privacy .
In many jurisdictions , the police themselves record these encounters with dashboard cams in their cruisers .
Most of the time , these cruiser - cam videos show law enforcement officers doing their jobs with great competence and restraint .
Occasionally , however , citizen videotapes show an entirely different set of events than the police report .
In March , for example , police in College Park , Md. , arrested several students after celebrations following a basketball game turned rowdy .
Police charged two students with assaulting mounted police and their horses — until a videotape surfaced that showed police officers beating the students .
Charges against the students were dropped , and the officers faced investigation .
Some police departments have acknowledged reality and instructed officers to assume they 'll be recorded and act accordingly .
Other departments learn the hard way .
Beaverton , Ore. , was ordered last month to pay a $ 19,000 settlement to a man arrested after he videotaped his friend 's arrest .
As police officers point out , videotapes can be taken out of context , or show an incomplete story .
And , in some instances , police might have a legitimate need for privacy , such as when they meet with informants .
But there are ways to deal with this without shutting down citizens ' rights to protect themselves from abuse .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Here ’s a dose of reality .
The father of teen sailor Abby Sunderland told The Post yesterday that he ’s broke and had signed a contract to do a reality show , “ Adventures in Sunderland , ” about his family of daredevil kids weeks after she set off on her doomed and dangerous solo sail around the globe .
Laurence Sunderland , a sailing instructor who lives in the middle - class Los Angeles suburb of Thousand Oaks with his pregnant wife and seven kids , opened their home to film crews four months ago .
“ The show might be about family , it might be about Abigail ’s trip .
It ’s something that was shopped around , ” he said .
PHOTOS : SOLO - SAIL GIRL ABBY SUNDERLAND
Abby , 16 , set sail last January , but got stranded in the Indian Ocean last week after storms smashed the mast of her sailboat , Wild Eyes , knocking out satellite - phone reception .
The near - disaster triggered a frantic international rescue effort .
The solo voyage ran into heavy criticism for its high risk and the allegedly poor planning that put Abby in the treacherous Indian Ocean right in the middle of storm season .
Yesterday , she remained aboard the French vessel that rescued her , according to the ship ’s captain , and was making her slow voyage home .
The boat , Ile de la Reunion , is scheduled to transfer the teen to another ship tonight .
It will take her about a week to get to land , the captain said .
Standing in the driveway outside his home , Sunderland explained the theme he envisioned for the show .
“ We thought it might be a good idea if it was encouraging to kids to get out there and do things , ” he said .
Sunderland said he did n’t initially get many bites .
But Magnetic Entertainment of Studio City , Calif. , is already promoting “ Adventures in Sunderland ” and “ Abby ’s Journey , ” a documentary , on its Web site .
The studio did n’t reply to e-mails and calls for comment yesterday .
Sunderland insists
Abby ’s trip was n’t just a stunt .
The reality show was , he said , “ the last thing on my mind .
“ The wheels in motion for this trip had actually started when Abigail was 13 years old , ” he added .
Sunderland also defended his decision to let his daughter take the risky journey .
“ I love my daughter dearly , ” he said .
“ I love the passion of sailing dearly , and this was about Abigail following her dream .
She followed the criteria that I had set out , and met all the requirements to embark on this trip . ”
Yesterday , Abby blogged that she was undaunted by her misadventure , and was considering writing a book .
She called her wild ride on Wild Eyes “ the best thing I have ever done or been through and I do n’t ever want to forget all the great times . . . or the bad ones for that matter . ”
The large family has long been a curiosity in the community , neighbors said .
All seven children are home - schooled .
“ They rarely leave their house , and they rarely talk to neighbors , ” local resident Brian Gonzales said .
Additional reporting by Ginger Adams Otis
Which is why BP needs actions , not words .
While it cannot – yet – stop the leak , it can get on the front foot financially and try to raise some cash , either through a rights or bond issue .
That would keep predators , such as America 's Exxon , at bay – and would at least allow BP to assess , from a position of relative strength , the strategic pitfalls of being forced to put its tarnished US business into Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Tony Blair landed a lucrative advisory job in a secret deal with an oil firm operating in Iraq .
The former Prime Minister took the contract with UI Energy two years ago - just 14 months after leaving No10 .
But Whitehall 's Advisory Committee on Business Appointments let Mr Blair keep it secret because of " market sensitivities " .
The exact deal is unknown but South Korea - based UI Energy is one of the biggest investors in Iraq 's oil - rich Kurdistan .
Mr Blair 's fee has not been disclosed but is likely to have run into hundreds of thousands of pounds .
He successfully persuaded the watchdog committee the work was " market sensitive " and could not be made public .
But they published the details this week and also revealed a separate deal Blair had with the Kuwaiti government .
This second arrangement had been kept secret at the request of the country 's leaders .
Last night critics accused Mr Blair of getting rich off the contacts he made during the Iraq war .
Lib Dem MP Norman Baker said : " These revelations show that our former Prime Minister is for sale - he is driven by making as much money as possible .
I think many people will find it deeply insensitive that he is apparently cashing in on his contacts from the Iraq war to make money for himself . "
The decision to keep the deals secret will fuel concerns about the effectiveness of the committee , which has been repeatedly criticised for failing to stop the revolving door between politics and industry .
It is supposed to ease concerns about former public servants using their contacts for gain .
Ministers must have all jobs vetted for two years after leaving office .
But the committee is packed with former politicians and Whitehall grandees and is thought never to have banned a former minister or senior civil servant from a lucrative job in the private sector .
A spokesman for Mr Blair said : " Mr Blair gave a one - off piece of advice in respect of a project for UI Energy in August 2008 .
" He received approval from the Committee on Business Appointments .
It was UI Energy who requested of the committee they delay public announcement , for reasons of market sensitivity . "
It was also revealed yesterday how Mr Blair had told US President George Bush he would back him in Iraq .
A note between the two in July 2002 was mentioned at the Chilcot Inquiry into the war but not released .
But political author Andrew Rawnsley claimed it said : " You know , George , whatever you decide to do , I 'm with you . "
THE PRIME MILLIONAIRE
Tony Blair is estimated to have made £ 20MILLION since he left office in June 2007 including : £ 9MILLION from speeches .
He received a £ 600,000 signing - on fee from Washington Speakers Bureau and charges up to £ 200,000 per speech .
£ 6MILLION from consultancies .
He is employed as a consultant by JP Morgan bank and Zurich Financial Services .
£5MILLION for forthcoming autobiography The Journey .
£ 500,000 from public funds as he is entitled to a £ 63,468 pension and office allowance of £ 84,000 a year .
Try to say that title 3 times fast , eh? Yesterday I received a text from my fiancee letting me know that FedEx had just dropped off a package for me , and more specifically , Android Police .
After the Samsung Captivate arrived the previous day , I was n’t expecting any additional deliveries , so I had her rip it open , only to reveal that the awesome folks at Samsung sent a shiny new Vibrant our way as well !
I meant to keep this unboxing and hands - on specific to the Vibrant , but I could n’t help allowing the Captivate to join in on the fun .
I took plenty of side by side shots and video ( to be uploaded later ) highlighting some of the differences and showing how the Vibrant handles 3D gaming .
There are a few obvious similarities between the two phones – after all , they ’re close siblings .
Both share the same brilliant , 4 ” Super AMOLED display , and pretty much the same internals , down to the CPU .
After playing with the two though , the Samsung Vibrant for T - Mobile came off as feeling like a more ‘ complete ’ product than the Captivate .
I ’m going to detail the differences in my upcoming ( combo ) review , but for those of you wondering , here ’s a quick rundown of a few of the things that stuck out
First off , the packaging .
The Vibrant ’s box is fun , and you can tell design thought went into it , where as the Captivate ’s box is fairly generic .
The Vibrant also shipped with a microSD –> SD adapater , where the Captivate did not – perhaps indicative of the Vibrant ’s more media - centric spin ?
The Vibrant also came pre-loaded with a few apps , and a complete copy of the movie ‘ Avatar ’ .
Some of the apps I noticed were :
The Sims 3 ( special edition made specifically for T - Mobile )
Amazon ’s Kindle software
Slacker Radio
There are minor , and random UI differences , which confused me – not sure why they did n’t keep it consistent between phones ( ie , the system settings menu options have a noticeable ‘ bubbled ’ highlight that the Captivate lacks )
The Vibrant DOES ALLOW 3rd party app installs , where the Captivate DOES NOT
There are also some differences in build quality .
I mentioned that the Captivate felt ‘ plastic -y ’ in my hands - on , but in comparison to the Vibrant , it feels down right solid .
Where the Captivate has a matte battery cover that almost feels metallic , the Vibrant ’s back is made entirely out of smooth , glossy plastic , which is definitely a fingerprint magnet .
The Vibrant also feels to be slightly lighter than the Captivate – I ’m guessing this has to do with the components used for the back of the phone .
From the front , the Captivate is more angular and sleek , while the Vibrant sports rounded corners , and a more ‘ fun / less business - y ’ appearance .
In fact , the Vibrant looks very much like the original iPhone with it ’s accented bezel .
Other than that , both phones , unsurprisingly , felt pretty much the same .
It ’s clear that ATT pushed Samsung into making more OS modifications than T - Mobile , and that may be why , overall , I like the Vibrant a bit more than the Captivate ( this is still an initial impression though , not my final answer ) .
Overall , both phones are solid , quality products , and both zip around Android 2.1 without much hesitation , which is very nice to see .
Again , stay tuned for a more detailed review within the next few days , and until then , enjoy the pictures !
Oregon Senator Ron Wyden Hates Marijuana
In a midterm election year , there is nothing more satisfying to me than harassing political candidates .
I spend a lot of my free time and work breaks calling and e-mailing campaigns , trying to get them to go on record with their ‘ official stance ’ on marijuana policy .
Yesterday I received a response that was so ridiculous , that I had to share it with everyone .
A couple of months ago I contacted Oregon Senator Ron Wyden ’s campaign office via e-mail with a very straight forward question —
‘ What is your stance on marijuana policy ; specifically , marijuana legalization , medical marijuana dispensaries in Oregon , and the current state of the Oregon Medical Marijuana Program . ’
I informed him that I am a registered , un-affiliated voter in Oregon , and I ’m also a member of the OMMP .
Marijuana policy is by far the most important issue to me personally .
Here is his response copied and pasted below :
“ Dear Mr. Green :
Thank you for contacting me to express your support for legalization of marijuana .
I appreciate hearing from you on this important issue .
During my service in Congress , Oregonians have sometimes asked me , “ why ca n’t Americans use drugs in private , in their own homes ? ”
This idea of private , legalized drug use is typically founded on claims that personal use harms does n’t harm anyone and that legalization would create enormous revenue for the federal government .
I do not believe either claim to be true .
The serious effects that illegal drugs have on healthy families and communities cannot be ignored .
Decades of scientific research shows that repeated use of illegal substances greatly increases the risk of heart attacks , strokes , and other fatal health conditions .
Even so - called “ soft drugs , ” like marijuana , adversely affect memory and attention span .
They can also serve as a “ gateway ” drugs that lead to more serious drug use .
I have therefore consistently voted to strengthen drug enforcement , education , and prevention measures .
Again , thank you for keeping me apprised of issues that are important to you .
While we may not agree on this issue , I hope and trust there are many other issues where we do agree .
If I may be of further assistance in the future , please do not hesitate to contact me . ”
First of all , this is the same generic letter that his campaign has been sending out for years .
Senator Ron Wyden ’s camp sent the same generic letter to at least one Oregon voter in 2008 that I could find .
There are a couple minor changes in my letter to try to make it feel personal , but let ’s get real , this idiot told his campaign staff a long time ago to mail out anti-marijuana propaganda to anyone who inquired ; no need to put anymore thought into it .
Well Mr. Ron
Wyden , I am going to write my rebuttal to your propaganda right here on TWB … consider it an open letter to you and your handlers …
First off , you took MONTHS to get back to me with this stupid response which can only be described as an ‘ anti-marijuana propaganda template . ’
If you truly cared about your constituents , you would either send this impersonal e-mail immediately ( considering it takes NO TIME at all ) , or you would ACTUALLY DO YOUR JOB AND WRITE A REAL , UNIQUE RESPONSE .
Why do you try to mislead voters into thinking that you really took the time to put in some thought ?
It would have almost been better if you did n’t send out a response at all ?!
Secondly , you only answered ONE of my questions .
Yes , I asked about marijuana legalization , but I also asked about dispensaries and medical marijuana too .
It is obvious that you are a raging marijuana prohibitionist for recreational purposes , but how do you feel about medical marijuana ?
Considering the fact that dispensaries might be on the horizon in your home state , surely you would have an opinion on the matter ?
Or wait …you are a total D bag that does n’t care about your home state , so why would you bother looking into issues that are important to your constituents , right ??
Why take the time to care , when you can just send out a generic template letter …
“ This idea of private , legalized drug use is typically founded on claims that personal use harms does n’t harm ( sic ) anyone and that legalization would create enormous revenue for the federal government .
I do not believe either claim to be true . ”
Personal use of marijuana in the privacy of one ’s home DOES NOT HARM ANYONE .
That is an undeniable fact Mr. Wyden .
If I smoke marijuana in the privacy of my own home , who am I harming ?
If my claim is not well founded , then surely you can give me one sensible example of how my personal , in - home marijuana use is detrimental to anyone , in any way …I guarantee Mr. Wyden has no example , and never will .
For you educated folks , you noticed the ( sic ) in the quote , indicating a grammatical error …
I will point this out again later …
“ The serious effects that illegal drugs have on healthy families and communities cannot be ignored . ”
When we are talking about REAL drugs , then yes , I agree .
Meth , Cocaine , Heroin , etc , have all had a tremendously devastating effect on families and communities .
Marijuana on the other hand , has done nothing when you consider it by itself .
It has n’t killed anyone , it does n’t get people ‘ strung out , ’ and I ’ve never heard of anyone stealing things made out of metal in order to feed their ‘ marijuana addiction . ’
Furthermore , if Mr. Wyden is going to cling to this premise that ‘ if a substance negatively effects healthy families and communities , then it must be prohibited , ’ then what about alcohol , tobacco , and pharmaceutical drugs ??
If Mr. Wyden was following his own logic , he would be all over alcohol , tobacco and big pharm right ?
Because after all , they have been wreaking havoc on families and communities for a long , long time .
Ron Wyden is clearly on a war path to end their consumption right …of course not .
I almost guarantee he is having a glass of wine as I write this article .
“ Decades of scientific research shows that repeated use of illegal substances greatly increases the risk of heart attacks , strokes , and other fatal health conditions . ”
Once again , Mr. Wyden , are you talking about marijuana itself , or are you talking about synthetic narcotics , because they are two totally different things ?
You can use language like this when you are talking in front of a group of reporters that do n’t make the distinction between ‘ hard drugs ’ and harmless marijuana , but you ca n’t get away with it here on TWB .
Name one study that has ever shown an increase of risk in these areas due to marijuana use only … .
Can you Ron ??… All I need is one .
Marijuana is a medicine , it is an undeniable fact .
If you use a vaporizer and / or consume marijuana via edibles , there are virtually no health side effects whatsoever .
“ Even so - called ‘ soft drugs , ’ like marijuana , adversely affect memory and attention span . ”
Remember earlier in the post when I pointed out the grammatical error in Ron Wyden ’s response ?
By no means am I claiming that I am a grammatical wizard , but then again , I do n’t go around bashing people for their aptitude either .
If Ron Wyden is going to make claims about the mental ability of a marijuana consumer , he should probably make sure that he has his grammar in pristine order , would n’t you think ??
I have news for you Mr. Wyden —
I have consumed marijuana since I was 12 years old , ONLY MARIJUANA , and I graduated at the top of my class in college , and was even extended a scholarship to attend a private law school here in Oregon due to my academic prowess .
I consumed marijuana every day before , in - between , and after classes .
I am walking proof that your claims are total BS , and I know I am not alone .
“ They can also serve as a ‘ gateway ’ drugs ( sic ) that lead to more serious drug use . ”
Once again , one has to love that grammar !
Apparently , if spell checker does n’t catch it at the Wyden campaign office , then it does n’t matter …
Ah , the outdated ‘ gateway drug argument . ’
I have been bashing this propaganda for years .
If you talk to any hardcore drug addict , you will find out that they tried a prescription drug , alcohol , tobacco , huffing , etc , before they ever tried marijuana .
I ’m not saying EVERY , but ALMOST every .
So is marijuana the real ‘ gateway drug ’ that Mr. Wyden is claiming it to be ?
Or is it simply the box that is checked most often at a drug rehab intake , because all of the other items I previously mentioned were not included on the form ??
Marijuana does not have anything to do with hardcore drug addicts going down the path they take ; they have addictive personalities , and when presented with a mind altering substance under certain conditions , they decide to go all in .
If marijuana had never existed , these people would still be addicted to hardcore drugs .
They would have started with alcohol , tobacco , and pharms , then went on to harder stuff .
I have NEVER met someone , in all of my life and marijuana experiences , that said after smoking marijuana the first time , they knew they wanted to do heroin or some other hard drug .
Never .
I have , however , met thousands of hardcore drug users that said they do n’t look at marijuana as a gateway drug ; it was merely the thing around at the time so they did it .
It is alarming how out of touch Senator Ron Wyden is with his home state .
Oregon was the first in the nation to decriminalize marijuana , the second to have medical marijuana , and the first to reclassify it from Schedule I to Schedule II .
Oregon has even legalized industrial hemp production — most people do n’t realize that , especially Senator Ron Wyden .
As of July 1 , 2010 , there are 36,380 medical marijuana patients in Oregon , along with 18,676 caretakers .
Voter Power in Oregon turned in over 130,000 signatures to try to bring medical marijuana dispensaries to Oregon .
That ’s just a couple of examples of alienated constituents Mr. Wyden .
I can find many , many more if you want .
Why do you alienate us ?
Are you really an Oregonian ?
I would give anything to hear your response Mr. Wyden .
You obviously have my e-mail address …
P.S. — I hope you lose your election this year
Go to NotDwightHolton .
Com to find out why you should not vote for Dwight Holton for Oregon Attorney General , and ‘ like ’ the Not Dwight Holton Facebook Page !
The Book of Mormon Challenge
The Book of Mormon challenge was popularised by Hugh Nibley , and often presented to his students in a course on the Book of Mormon .
Basically , the idea is that the detractors of the Book are invited to try their hand at writing a similar epic , the point presumably being that it is so difficult that it could only have come about with divine help .
It should be noted at the outset that there are several problems with the whole concept .
The first is the very obvious point that this test is by no means unique .
The Koran , for example , contains a very similar test within its pages .
Sura 2:23
And if you are in doubt as to that which We have revealed to Our servant , then produce a chapter ( sura ) like it and call on your witnesses besides Allah if you are truthful .
Sura 10:38
Or do they say :
He has forged it ?
Say :
Then bring a chapter ( sura ) like this and invite whom you can besides Allah , if you are truthful .
One wonders if the Mormons have ever handed the Muslims the Book of Mormon as fulfillment of this challenge , and vice - versa .
A second problem centers around the concept of the onus of proof .
Since the Mormons have claimed that the Book of Mormon has a divine origin , it is up to them to provide satisfactory evidence of this claim , something which has not been performed to date .
The Challenge is actually a subtle attempt to shift the burden of proof onto the detractor , and as such should be disregarded .
By far the major problem with the Book of Mormon Challenge , however , is the simple fact that the Book itself does not meet the requirements outlined in the challenge !
It will be evident that the Mormon apologist has made grandiose claims for the Book , claims which far outstrip the meagre evidence .
This article will demonstrate that the Challenge is only valid if one first assumes the historical validity of the Book of Mormon , which thus results in a circular argument .
Here then are the main points of the Challenge , with comments added .
1. Write a history of ancient Tibet covering a period from 2200 B.C. to 400 A.D. Why ancient Tibet ?
Because you know no more about Tibet than Joseph Smith ( or anyone else ) knew about ancient America .
It is here assumed that the Book of Mormon is a history of ancient America .
Unfortunately for the Mormon apologist , this claim is completely lacking in anything approaching proof .
The earliest manuscript evidence for the Book of Mormon reaches no further than a few years before it was published in 1830 .
Prior to that , there is no mention whatsoever of a book of this kind in any ancient American historical archive .
Further , the events and artifacts described in the Book can quite easily be shown to be anachronistic and problematic .
2 . You are 23 years of age .
3 . You have had no more than three years of formal school education , and have spent your life in backwoods farming communities .
This challenge has been accepted and met time and time again .
The history of the world is replete with examples of people who were young and unlearned producing great works of literature .
Mohammed , for example , was barely literate , which did not seem to prevent him from producing the Koran , widely regarded as a work of high literary quality .
4 . Your history must be written on the basis of what you now know .
There was no library that held information for Joseph Smith .
You must use none .
There is to be no research of any kind .
How exactly , we are forced to ask , are we to tell what Smith did or did not have access to ?
The only way that this statement could be remotely valid is to have access to the diary of an impartial observer who followed Smith around for every day of his life .
We have no such thing .
What we do know is that the books that appear to have had the greatest impact on the Book of Mormon , the King James Bible and Ethan Smith 's View of the Hebrews were freely available in the area in which Smith lived .
5 . Your history must be 531 pages and over 300,000 words in length .
This is irrelevant .
The Koran is even longer than the Book of Mormon , and was similarly produced by an unlearned man .
6 . Other than a few grammatical corrections , you must have no changes in the text .
The first edition as you dictate it to your secretary must stand forever .
Again , this is stretching the truth a little .
The " few " grammatical and spelling corrections actually number in the thousands , and there are in fact a few changes which correct contradictions in the original , and also seem to reflect evolving doctrinal positions .
7 . This record is to contain the history of two distinct and separate nations , along with histories of different contemporary nations or groups of people .
8 . You must describe their religious , economic , political , and social cultures and institutions .
Cover every phase of their society , including the names of their coins .
There are numerous works of fiction which describe in great detail the social life and political structures of wholly imaginary cultures .
J. R. R. Tolkien 's Lord of the Rings cycle ( the Hobbit , the Lord of the Rings , the Silmarillion et al ) is a massive work which covers many thousands of years of history of Middle Earth , a place that existed only in Tolkien 's vivid imagination .
Tolkien even went one better , and created syntactically correct languages for a number of his imaginary subcultures .
In contrast , more than one detractor has noted that the Book of Mormon is repetitous , superificial and lacking in maturity .
The great LDS historian , B.H. Roberts , had this to say about one aspect of the Book of Mormon story :
There were other Anti-Christs among the Nephites , but they were more military leaders than religious innovators ... they are all of one breed and brand ; so nearly alike that one mind is the author of them , and that a young and undeveloped , but piously inclined mind .
The evidence I sorrowfully submit , points to Joseph Smith as their creator .
It is difficult to believe that they are the product of history , that they come upon the scene separated by long periods of time , and among a race which was the ancestral race of the red man of America .
( Studies of the Book of Mormon , page 271 )
9 . Change your style of writing many times .
Many ancient authors contributed to the Book of Mormon , each with his own style .
This is very hard to sustain .
A cursory examination of the Book of Mormon will show that whenever the style abruptly changes , it is inevitably due to a protracted quote from the King James Version of the Bible .
LDS scholars often point to " wordprint " studies conducted at BYU ( hardly an objective setting ) , but fail to point out that subsequent studies have contradicted the original conclusions .
10 .
Weave into your history the religion of Jesus Christ and the pattern of Christian living .
Completely irrelevant .
This is not difficult to achieve at all .
11 . You must claim that your smooth narrative is not fiction with moral value , but true and sacred history .
The claims of the author are entirely beside the point .
Mohammed claimed that the Koran was dictated to him by the angel Gabriel .
Are we to believe him without proof as well ?
12 . You must include in you book fifty - four chapters dealing with wars , twenty - one historical chapters , fifty - five chapters on visions and prophecies .
Remember , when you begin to write visions and prophecies , you must have your record agree meticulously with the Bible .
You must write seventy - one chapters on doctrine and exhortation , and you must check every statement with the scriptures or your will be proven a fraud .
You must write twenty - one chapters on the ministry of Christ , and every thing you claim he said and every testimony you write in your book about Him must agree absolutely with the New Testament .
This is actually extremely easy to do , if one is brought up in a Christian household , and quotes voluminously from the Bible as well .
Indeed , it must be said that it would be difficult to fail on this point , given the circumstances surrounding the origin of the Book of Mormon .
There is a further underlying problem here , however .
The Book of Mormon , it is true , does agree in meticulous detail with one particular sect of Christianity ( Protestantism ) , but completely fails to agree with Old Testament Judaism .
13 . Many of the facts , claims , ideas , and statements given as absolute truth in your writing must be entirely inconsistent with the prevailing beliefs of the world .
Some of these worldly beliefs must be the direct opposite of your claims .
It is extremely difficult to see the relevance of this point .
Are we to conclude that L. Ron Hubbard was a visionary because his ideas on psychology completely contradict any scientific model of the human mind ?
It is very easy to dream up wild and unsubstantiated theories : it is far harder to arrive at the truth .
14 . Included in your narrations will be authentic modes of travel ; whether or not those ancient people used fire ; description of their clothing , crops , mourning customs , and types of government .
You must invent about 280 new names that will stand up under scrutiny through the years as to their proper application and derivation .
The Book of Mormon completely fails on this point .
We know of no ancient American culture that made use of horses , cattle , goats , elephants , chariots , silk , linen , wheat etc .
In addition , the Book of Mormon names seem to have a far more mundane origin than is here suggested .
15 .
You will have to properly use figures of speech , similes , metaphors , narrations , exposition , descriptions , oratory , epic lyric , and parables .
Again , this is irrelevant .
Many works of fiction display these exact qualities , many times with far greater literary power than the Book of Mormon .
16 .
You must invite the ablest scholars and experts to examine the text with care , and you must strive diligently to see that your book gets into the hands of those eager to prove it a forgery , and who are most competent to expose every flaw in it .
This has been done time and again with the Book of Mormon , and time and again it has been denounced as a fraud .
17 . Thorough investigation , scientific and historical evidence , and archeological discovery for the next 125 years must verify its claims and prove detail after detail to be true , for many of the details you put in your history are still buried beneath the soil of Tibet .
As already noted , the Book of Mormon has failed every archeological test applied to it .
This author is aware of no non-Mormon archeologist who would regard the Book of Mormon as a reliable guide to the pre-history of America .
18 . You must publish it to every nation , kindred , tongue , and people declaring it to be the word of God and another witness for the Lord Jesus Christ .
Once again , the claims of the author are entirely beside the point .
What matters is whether these claims can be substantiated .
19 .
The book must not contain any absurd , impossible , or contradictory statements .
Your history must not contain any statement that will contradict any other statement elsewhere in the volume .
Ether 15:31 describes how the unfortunate Shiz , after having his head severed by a sword - stroke , struggled for breath and eventually died .
In the 1830 version of the Book of Mormon , Mosiah 21:28 , King Benjamin is said to be able to interpret engravings .
Unfortunately , he was dead by this time .
II Nephi 19:1 puts the Red Sea beyond the Jordan , in Galilee .
In fact , it is well over 250 miles to the south of Galilee , in Egypt .
20 .
Many theories and ideas as to its origin must arise , and after discovering and examining the facts , they must fail .
You have claimed that your knowledge had come from divine origin , and this claim continues to stand as the only possible explanation .
The strength of this explanation must not decrease as time passes , but actually increases to the point where it becomes the only logical explanation .
As already noted , the only people who still believe that the Book of Mormon had a divine origin are ardent Mormon believers .
The rest of the world , after " examining the facts " have arrived at a far more prosaic and simple explanation of its origin .
21 . Your record is to fulfil many Bible prophecies , even in the exact manner in which it shall come forth , to whom delivered , its purposes , and its accomplishments .
Since Biblical prophecy is an inexact science , to put it mildly , it is a fairly simple matter to find a Bible verse that can be re-interpreted to fit your own conclusions .
The Muslims have found Bible prophecies of Mohammed ; the Baha 'is have found Bible prophecies of Baha 'u 'llah .
The list is endless .
22 . Call down an angel from heaven in the middle of the day and have him bear testimony to four honest , dignified citizens of your community that the record is the word of God .
These witnesses must bear the angel 's testimony to the world , not for profit or gain , but under great sacrifice and severe persecution , even to their death beds .
You must put that testimony to the test by becoming an enemy to these men .
Firstly , what we have here is secondhand information , at best .
We have no way of knowing whether these men actually saw the angel , or if they were simply mistaken , or if they were dishonest .
Secondly , the Book of Mormon is by no means the only book to contain such a testimony .
A former follower of Smith , James Strang , founded his own breakaway sect of Mormonism after the death of Joseph , and produced his own ' translation ' of the brass plates of Laban , known as The Book of the Law of the Lord .
This book includes a testimony of seven witnesses , to the effect that they saw and handled the plates from which the book was translated .
Following the logic of the LDS church regarding the power of such a testimony , they should have canonized The Book of the Law of the Lord a long time ago .
23 . Thousands of great men , intellectual giants , national and international personalities , and scholars for 125 years must accept your history and its teachings even to the point of laying down their life rather than deny their testimony of it .
Again , this is true of a great many sects and faiths .
The followers of Baha'u 'llah , known as the Baha'is , were mercilessly persecuted by the Muslim majority in Persia about the turn of the century .
The sect still thrives today , with several million members worldwide , and despite the fact that persecution still continues in Muslim countries such as Iran .
24 .
You must include within the record this promise : " And when ye shall receive these things , I would exhort you that ye would ask God the Eternal Father , in the name of Christ , if these are not true ; and if ye shall ask with a sincere heart , with real intent , having faith in Christ , He will manifest the truth of it unto you by the power of the Holy Ghost . "
How difficult is it to include such a promise in a text ?
25 . Missionaries must bear record to the world for the next 125 years that they know the record to be true because they put the promise to the test and found it to be true .
The truth of it was manifested to them by the power of the Holy Ghost .
26 .
Over 50,000 plus competent salesman must be so sold on your book that they gladly give up two or more years of their lives to take it to all parts of the world for distribution .
They not only pay their own way during these years , but return bearing testimony that the time spent will remain as one of the highlights of their lives .
They receive nothing in return for their efforts but the joy of having shared your book with others .
27 .
Your book must not only raise the standards of millions of people but do it in such a way that they become one of the great moral , ethical , and dynamic marvels of the day .
They must become world renowned for this .
Once more , the missionary effort of the LDS church is by no means unique .
Believers of all stripes and shapes feel compelled to share their faith , often at great personal cost .
One is often reminded of the poor Jehovah 's Witnesses , who faithfully pound the sidewalks every day , often greeted with nothing more than a slammed door or a harsh word .
As for the Book of Mormon raising the moral standard of its followers , this too is not unique to Mormonism .
The whole point of religion is to exhort mankind to live a better life .
28 .
For the next 20 years you must watch those that follow and you , your family , and the dearest of your loved ones persecuted , driven time after time from their homes , beaten , tortured , starved , frozen and killed .
Tens of thousands must undergo the most extreme hardships in your presence just because they believe you claims concerning the origin and content of what you have written on ancient Tibet .
This is a repetition of point 23 .
29 .
You must gain no wealth from your work , but many time lose all that you have .
Like those that believe you , you must submit yourself to the most vile persecution .
And finally after 20 years of this , give your own life in a very savage and brutal manner , for your testimony concerning your history book .
This must be done willingly on your part .
There are other rewards beside monetary .
Joseph Smith may have suffered financially , but he posessed that which all people crave - power , and the blind respect and admiration of his followers .
Many would gladly suffer personal hardship in order to gain such a following .
30 .
Start right now and produce this record which covers 2600 years of history , doing it , not in the peaceful atmosphere of your community , but under the most trying of circumstances which include being driven from your home several times , and receiving constant threats upon your life .
Please have your book completed , talk a friend into mortgaging his farm to raise money to have it printed - all in 60 days .
The claim that the Book of Mormon was completed in sixty days is not the whole story .
The actual dictation lasted from April 7 , 1829 to early in July - some eighty days , give or take .
However , this does not mean that Smith only had those eighty days in which to think about the narrative .
He had actually begun the task more than a year earlier , first with Emma Smith , and then with Martin Harris as scribe .
The result was 116 pages of the Book of Mormon , all of which were subsequently lost when Martin Harris was allowed to take the pages home to show his disbelieving family .
The point is that there was nothing to stop Smith from at least thinking about the Book of Mormon story in that inbetween year .
He may even have made some notes .
Conclusion
As we have seen , a number of these points are completely irrelevant to the historicity of the Book of Mormon , others are easily duplicated by other works of fiction , and still other points do not apply to the Book of Mormon , such as archeological accuracy .
We therefore find no compelling reason to suspect that the Book of Mormon had a supernatural origin : instead we find that it fits very well with the more mundane theory - that the Book originated solely in the mind of Joseph Smith .
Mind - melding with an avant - garde quartet , a gospel choir and the irrepressible Dr. John , Jason Pierce 's trip - rock band Spiritualized crafted an orchestral sonic psych - out with 1997's Ladies and Gentlemen We Are Floating in Space .
Fans can witness the sonic spacewalk in the flesh at New York 's Radio City Music Hall on July 30 when the ever - changing English outfit performs the album in its entirety .
Spiritualized 's one - off performance of its psychedelic classic features a live band , choir and a string - and - horn octet .
It 's also Spiritualized 's only North American tour stop , as well as the band 's final performance of the album .
Which makes sense , given Pierce 's concept cycles .
Spiritualized 's most recent effort , 2008 's Songs in A&E , stripped down Pierce 's usual dense production to its soulful bones .
In 2010 , it 's time to take another trip down Floating in Space 's surround - sound gravity well .
While front man Pierce says he 's happy making his fans happy , he 's also redefining Spiritualized 's sound palette .
" Music used to be all about performance rather than technique or production , " Pierce , aka J. Spaceman , told Wired.com in 2008 .
" Today , if you do n't have a song and you have nothing to say , you can still dress it up with production .
I 've lately gotten into removing that . "
See Also :
Yesterday , Israel ’s ‘ Public Diplomacy and Diaspora Affairs Minister ’ Yuli Edelstein spoke at some length about his country ’s ‘ PR problem ’ , including possible plans to create a 24 - hr news channel .
But further down the article , Edelstein talked about the ways in which Israel ’s propaganda effort is being increasingly delegated to volunteers :
“ We ’ve been working on creating an infrastructure of our friends and allies around the world , in the Jewish and Christian communities , which is not fully ready yet .
It ’s based on volunteers and professionals [ who will coordinate the transmission of accurate information ] , ” the minister said .
Edelstein conceded that the Public Diplomacy and Diaspora Ministry suffered from restrictive budget problems .
Nevertheless , he was seeking to implement ambitious initiatives based on volunteers .
“ This is the 21st century , and that means things that are not officially called hasbara are the best hasbara .
The moment things come from the government , the state , or ministries , they are perceived as being less reliable and as propaganda , ” Edelstein said .
” There are many things only volunteers can do .
Writing on Facebook , Twitter blogs , and sending e-mails to friends is second to none .
The best things people can do are not about money , but about doing things in the right way . ”
Edelstein cited an operations center housed in his ministry and staffed by volunteers , as well as a ministry secretary , both aimed at maintaining continuous contact with Diaspora communities .
Edelstein makes it clear that key elements of the state ’s hasbara drive are being carried out by ‘ volunteers and professionals ’ , particularly through media like Facebook and Twitter .
Crucially , this ‘ infrastructure ’ should not be seen as coming from the government – which gives the game away .
This reminded me of another article from just over a week ago , this time in Ha’aretz .
Here the intention of disseminating propaganda through ‘ front groups ’ is made explicit :
The Foreign Ministry is planning to use front groups to transmit hasbara ( public relations ) messages in order to influence senior politicians , opinion shapers and journalists in Europe , ministry sources said .
The goal is to create a public diplomacy track parallel to the one used by the Foreign Ministry , whose message does not bear the “ fingerprints ” of the Israeli government , the source said .
Yet more money and time invested in apologising for apartheid – this rebranding business can definitely be tricky .
Rate this :
Share this :
Tweet
WhatsApp
Email
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
MADISONVILLE , Tenn . --
A Monroe County election official says the chairman of the local election commission has been found dead after his car was discovered burning .
James R. Brown , the election administrator for the county , said Monday that the body of Monroe County Election Commission Chairman Jim Miller was discovered by firefighters after they extinguished the blaze on Saturday night .
A Monroe County Sheriff 's Department spokeswoman said Monday that investigators are awaiting preliminary autopsy results .
Sweetwater attorney John Cleveland released a statement from Miller 's family in which Vicki Miller thanked those who had offered her family condolences in the death of her husband .
The election administrator said Miller became chairman of the commission in April .
Show full PR text
Amazon Introduces New Kindle DX with 50 Percent Better Display Contrast and New Lower Price of $ 379
Amazon 's latest generation large screen portable reader features all new , high contrast e-ink screen for the clearest text and sharpest images
SEATTLE , Jul 01 , 2010 --
Amazon.com , Inc. ( NASDAQ : AMZN ) today introduced the new latest generation Kindle DX and new lower price of $ 379 , down from $ 489 , and still with free 3G wireless -- no monthly bills or annual contracts .
Kindle DX is the 9.7 - inch large screen member of Amazon 's family of revolutionary portable readers .
The new Kindle DX features a new graphite enclosure and an all new , high contrast electronic ink display with 50 percent better contrast for the clearest text and sharpest images .
The new Kindle DX is available for pre-order starting today at http://www.amazon.com and it ships July 7 .
" There 's no turning back once you read on our beautiful new Kindle DX screen , " said Steve Kessel , senior vice president , Amazon Kindle .
" With 50 percent better contrast and darker fonts , you 'll find it easier than ever to read wherever you happen to be , whether it 's outside in bright sunlight or under the low light of your living room .
We 're excited to offer the new Kindle DX with free 3G wireless at the lower price of $ 379 . "
The Kindle Store ( http://www.amazon.com) now has more than 620,000 books , including New Releases and 108 of 111 New York Times bestsellers , starting at $ 9.99 or less .
More than 200,000 books have been added to the U.S. Kindle Store in just the last six months , including the full selection of John Grisham titles .
Over 1.8 million free , out - of - copyright , pre-1923 books are also available to read on Kindle , including classics such as " The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes , " " Pride and Prejudice " and " Treasure Island . "
All New , High Contrast E-ink Screen :
The new , graphite Kindle DX uses Amazon 's all new electronic ink display with 50 percent improved contrast for the clearest text and the sharpest images .
Beautiful Large Display : Kindle DX's 9.7 - inch diagonal e-ink screen is ideal for a broad range of reading material , including graphic - rich books , PDFs , newspapers , magazines , and blogs .
Read in Sunlight with No Glare : Unlike backlit computer or LCD screens , Kindle DX 's screen looks and reads like real paper , with no glare .
Read as easily in bright sunlight as in the living room .
Buy Books Once , Read Them Anywhere : Kindle books can be read on the devices people use every day , including Kindle , Kindle DX , PC , Mac , iPad , iPhone , Android phone , and BlackBerry .
Plus , Amazon 's Whispersync technology also automatically saves and synchronizes customer book libraries and last page read across all these devices .
Free 3G Wireless , No Monthly Bills or Annual Contracts : Shop the Kindle Store and download new content wirelessly in less than 60 seconds -- all without a PC , Wi-Fi hot spot , or syncing .
Amazon pays for the 3G wireless connectivity , so there are no monthly fees or annual contracts .
Books
In Under 60 Seconds : Kindle books are delivered wirelessly in less than 60 seconds , no PC or setup required .
Global 3G Coverage : Kindle DX offers 3G wireless coverage at home or abroad in over 100 countries .
Long Battery Life : Read for up to 1 week on a single charge with wireless on or 2 weeks with wireless turned off .
Low Book Prices : New York Times Best Sellers and New Releases from $ 9.99 .
Incredibly Slim :
At just over 1/3 of an inch , Kindle DX is as thin as most magazines .
Carry Your Library : Carry up to 3,500 books , periodicals , and documents .
Free Book Samples : Download and read first chapters for free before you decide to buy .
Social Networks : New Twitter and Facebook integration enables the millions of Kindle customers to post meaningful passages and share their love of reading instantly with family and friends , and in turn , help them discover new authors , new books , and new ideas .
Built - In PDF Reader : With Kindle DX 's large display and built - in PDF reader , read professional and personal documents with more complex layouts without scrolling , panning , or zooming , and without re-flowing .
Zoom capability is now available in Kindle DX for easily viewing small print and detailed tables or graphics .
Auto - Rotating Screen : Read in portrait or landscape mode using Kindle DX 's auto - rotating screen .
Simply turn Kindle DX and immediately see full - width landscape views of maps , graphs , tables and images , all displayed in higher contrast on Kindle DX 's new screen .
Read - to - Me : With the text - to - speech feature , Kindle DX can read newspapers , magazines , blogs , and books out loud .
Customers can discover full details and pre-order the new Kindle DX for $ 379 today at http://www.amazon.com/kindledx and it will begin shipping on July 7 .
The rules were simple : eight writers ( and one songwriter ) against FIONA MCCANNin a Scrabble game that took place during the Dublin Writers Festival .
Each had one move , taking up where the previous writer left off .
Would a team containing three Booker Prize winners triumph ?
IAN MCEWAN
Ian McEwan has the unenviable task of kicking off the game for the writers .
He confesses he ’s not much of a Scrabble player , before drawing seven tiles , six of which turn out to be vowels .
Not a promising start for the writers , then .
In each round , tiles will be drawn to decide who goes first – closest to an A has the honour .
I kick off proceedings with the word bogus .
Though pressed for time due to a pending interview , McEwan does manage a little conversation between our two moves .
He answers a question about what the 61 - year - old writer does to keep the brain active with the deadpan : “ Oh , I write the occasional novel . ”
The word he finally comes up with to counter my “ bogus ” claim is beep .
Round one over , he shows me his letters and suddenly spots a might - have - been among the now discarded tiles : agape .
An opportunity missed , he bows to “ the spirit of the staircase ” .
Ian McEwan : Beep ( 8 points )
Fiona McCann : Bogus ( 16 points )
STEWART BRAND
Stewart Brand claims to know even less about Scrabble than Ian McEwan , but sums up the premise of this particular game : “ Since you have a consistent game and the writers have a fractional game , I ’d imagine that you ’ll win , but who knows ?
Either that or they will have the wisdom of swarms . ”
He takes his time , but having drawn a blank tile he immediately uses it to his advantage , placing the word pest .
One decides not to take it personally .
Stewart Brand : Pest ( 10 points )
Fiona McCann : Evinces ( 13 points )
ANTONY BEEVOR & DAVID MITCHELL
Antony Beevor is only just off the plane and tucking into a glass of Guinness and a smoked salmon sandwich while the board is reassembled before him .
He is instantly enthusiastic , keeping up a running commentary of the words he could almost make and the triple letter score he will just miss , before placing his own words : “ I ca n’t quite do pestilential , which would have been rather nice .
But I can do devote , which is not great , ” he says modestly , though it still scores him the highest so far for any writer .
“ All one can hope to do in these circumstances is avoid humiliation . ”
He enjoys the symbolism of our endeavour , “ the image of writers scrabbling for a word ” , though adds he ’s heard of stranger things put to writers at literary festivals .
He recalls a Michael Palin anecdote in which “ this woman stood up and said : ‘ Mr Palin may I ask you something ? ’
He said : ‘ Yes . ’
She said : ‘ Are those all your own teeth ? ’ ”
Antony Beevor : Devote ( 12 points )
Fiona McCann : Is ( 22 points )
David Mitchell arrives as Beevor has completed his turn , and admits to having played “ once or twice ” before .
Beevor sticks around to watch Mitchell play , and the two writers are equally dismissive of the new version of Scrabble that allows proper nouns .
“ I do n’t think that ’s right , ” says Beevor .
“ I ’m anti that rule actually , ” says Mitchell , with Beevor adding : “ I think everybody agrees on that , then . ”
With a running commentary from Beevor – “ there ’s one space too little but you could have done foulpest ” – Mitchell tinkers with his tiles .
The two men talk of the anecdotes Beevor employs with such skill in his own books , and the temptation to turn such moments of historical truth into fiction , before Mitchell places his word , equal .
“ This word has to be Antony ’s because he thought of it , ” he points out , and requests that I enter the score as a Beevor - Mitchell score .
Conscious that he collaborated , Mitchell offers to go again , alone .
Given that I ’m still ahead of these so - called wordsmiths , I foolishly agree . . .
Beevor - Mitchell : Equal ( 28 points )
Fiona McCann : Lax ( 26 points ) .
Beevor is still on hand , and Mitchell ca n’t resist the opportunity to consult once again with his fellow writer : “ This here is n’t a word , is it ? ” he asks showing Beevor his tiles , only to meet with a definitive “ no ” .
“ Are you sure it is n’t a word you discovered in a Belgian archive ? ”
Once the word is dismissed , Mitchell manages to make another from the tiles drawn but Beevor is the one who finds a place for it , though Mitchell asks him to keep it to himself .
He keeps mum with evident difficulty .
Seconds tick slowly by until Mitchell finally sees what Beevor has been hinting at , and plonks down all seven tiles to earn himself 90 points on a single word .
“ Would you like me to put the score down for you ? ” he offers the slack - jawed journalist .
“ Record it as a Mitchell - Beevor , definitely .
What a beautiful afternoon . ”
I mutter in reply : “ Right , I ’ll just go and . . . ” before Beevor finishes my sentence for me .
“ . . . just go out and shoot yourself , I would think . ”
Magnanimous in victory , the two writers offer to help , and find all sorts of canny locations and possibilities that in the end lead to my own entry .
The location on the board is a sort of writer / journalist collaboration .
I hasten to add that I came up with the word without their assistance .
Mitchell - Beevor : Frothed ( 90 points )
McCann - Mitchell : Sip ( 47 points )
NEIL HANNON
Neil Hannon , it turns out , is another big Scrabble fan , though he confesses he ’s not of the “ open up the board ” school of playing .
“ I ’m very closed .
I ’m the Cliff Thorburn of Scrabble .
I really make it very hard for people because that ’s the only way I win . ”
With alarming alacrity , he manages to play a word containing a Z , while simultaneously carrying on a conversation about whether lyrics or music should take precedence when it comes to songwriting .
“ The words and the music are of absolute identical importance because if they ’re not , then it ’s not a song , it ’s a poem set to music or it ’s a piece of music set to words to give you an excuse to sing , ” he says , before coolly placing his 10 - point letter on the board .
As I take my turn , he asks which “ incredibly cool writers ” did he manage to beat , particularly because , as he points out , he is “ a complete imposter .
They write books !
I write verses . ”
Delighted to hear that he has beaten a Booker Prize winner , he leaves for his festival event on the art of songwriting .
“ That was the most pressure I ’ve ever had in an interview , ” he admits as he heads for the stage .
“ I ’m so glad I had a half decent word ”
Neil Hannon : Zero ( 26 points )
Fiona McCann : Bride ( 22 points )
ANNE ENRIGHT
Anne Enright is clearly au fait with a Scrabble board , though manages to draw only one vowel when her turn comes around .
While I place a rather unimaginative beefon an otherwise eloquent board , we talk about the importance of words and precision of meaning when it comes to writing .
Enright separates the writing process into two stages : “ One is where you have a bit of flow and you write without thinking all that much , ” she says , adding that at this stage she often just writes out the rhythm of a sentence – literally typing out “ da de da de da ” – returning later to fill in the missing words .
“ The second thing is that you edit and that is a more careful selection process and then sometimes , at the end of it all , you go back to your first draft and see what you edited out to get the freshness of the first thing .
So yes , every word counts . ”
Speaking of words , she says when it comes to Scrabble : “ My problem is I always go for the nice word over the points . ”
As if to illustrate the point , she places the prettiest word so far on the board .
Anne Enright : Shirr ( 10 points )
Fiona McCann : Beef ( 27 points )
NATASHA WALTER
Natasha Walter ’s initial concern is for her Scrabble teammates .
“ I do n’t want to let the writers down .
What ’s the lowest so far ?
What do I have to go above in order to save face ? ”
That would be Ian McEwan ’s eight - point contribution .
“ Okay , I ’ll definitely relax now . ”
Walter plays the opposite game to Hannon ’s Cliff Thorburn approach .
“ It ’s meant to be a pleasurable , sociable thing , ” she points out .
“ So I ’ve got it in my head always to open up the board . ”
On drawing her letters , she almost has a chance , she says , to make a feminist statement with the C , N and T that arrive , but the board fails to provide her with the missing vowel .
Either way , it ’s my turn to go first , and here I make a grave error that will have letters into The Irish Timesfor weeks .
I see a chance to employ Hannon ’s Z , and giddy with delight , I form the word Zionknowing that , because it ’s a proper noun , it may not be allowed .
Walter , however , aware that she ’s about to profit from my play , allows it , and a quick dictionary consultation reveals it does reside therein , though I await the response of seasoned Scrabble players David Mitchell and Antony Beevor with some trepidation .
Natasha Walter : Waned ( 28 points )
Fiona McCann : Zion ( 13 points )
YANN MARTEL
Yann Martel arrives for the penultimate turn for the writers just moments before his Sunday afternoon event .
“ I guess McEwan did bogus , ” he hazards as he examines the board .
He learns that McEwan ’s word was actually beep .
“ Beep ?
What a feeble word .
He broke under the pressure .
Those English , they do n’t last long . ”
I suggest that perhaps this quick turn of Scrabble before he is rushed on stage might help sharpen his mind for the event .
“ Do I have to have a sharp mind to speak in public ? ” he asks with a smile .
His word , though not contained in our Concise Oxford English Dictionary , is one we decide to allow given the limitations of our chosen dictionary and the desire to appear to move with the times .
Yann Martel : Mojo ( 21 points )
Fiona McCann : Hang ( 12 points )
JOHN BOYNE
John Boyne takes over , and unless he gets writer ’s block , there is no way I can claw back a victory .
No such luck with Boyne , however .
A confessed Scrabble fan , he ’s also a speedy player who ends the contest on a wonderfully apt word : write .
I counter with maw , something which it can be argued has landed me in all this trouble in the first place .
It ’s game over for the journalist .
The writers take the Scrabble crown .
John Boyne : Write ( 10 points )
Fiona McCann : Maw ( 16 points )
FINAL SCORE
The writers : 243 points
Fiona McCann :214 points
DETROIT -- Tomas Holmstrom was a late - round , draft - day gem the Detroit Red Wings unearthed in 1994 , and the 10th - round pick ( 257th overall ) soon became the premier net - front presence in the NHL .
He has taken a lot of abuse from opponents and tolerated much pain .
But doing the dirty work has its rewards .
Holmstrom will continue to provide the Red Wings with a valuable dimension , after agreeing Thursday to a two - year contract extension .
" I 'm very excited about it ; I know Tomas is , too , '' Howard Gourwitz , Holmstrom 's agent , told Booth Newspapers .
" It 's a real honor to play for one team your entire career .
To have won four Stanley Cups is a dream come true .
He 's really excited and he 's proud to stay here . ''
Gourwitz declined to reveal details of the contract .
A league source said the deal averages $ 1.875 million a season , a slight decrease from Holmstrom 's $ 2.25 million salary last season .
Holmstrom , 37 , has played 13 seasons in Detroit and likely will finish his NHL career as a Red Wing .
" He has the greatest work ethic ; if we all worked like that we'd all be superstars , '' Gourwitz said .
" Tomas and Annelie ( his wife ) have enjoyed life in Detroit .
They 're looking forward to another good year . ''
After an injury - plagued 2008 - 09 season ( hernia , knee , back ) , Holmstrom flourished this past season .
He was second on the team with 25 goals -- including a club - leading 13 on the power play -- and fourth with 45 points in 68 games .
He missed 13 games in January with a broken foot .
Holmstrom had four goals and three assists in 12 playoff games .
The Pitea , Sweden , native has 214 goals and 255 assists in 879 career regular season games .
With Holmstrom in the fold , the Red Wings have 17 players signed for 2010 - 11 at a salary - cap figure of $ 52.3 million .
The cap is expected to rise from $ 56.8 million to approximately $ 58 million .
General manager Ken Holland 's next order of business is re-signing big forward Todd Bertuzzi , who earned $ 1.5 million last season and has indicated a desire to stay .
The club also will re-sign restricted free - agent forwards Darren Helm , Justin Abdelkader , Patrick Eaves and Drew Miller , and possibly defenseman Derek Meech .
The future of unrestricted free agents Kirk Maltby and Andreas Lilja are uncertain .
Forward Jason Williams and defenseman Brett Lebda wo n't be re-signed .
Blanc 's Bordeaux side ended last season without a trophy World Cup - winner Laurent Blanc has been named as the new manager of France .
The 44 - year - old takes over from Raymond Domenech , who oversaw a disastrous 2010 World Cup campaign blighted by infighting and player revolts .
Blanc guided Bordeaux to the 2009 league and cup double and was due to take over from Domenech after the team returned from South Africa .
The former Manchester United player 's first task will be ensuring France qualify for Euro 2012 .
Blanc was part of the France team that won the 1998 World Cup and Euro 2000 .
He missed the World Cup final after being controversially sent off , following an altercation with Slaven Bilic , in the 2 - 1 semi-final victory over Croatia .
The centre - back played 97 times for his country , scoring 16 goals - while in his club career , he helped Auxerre to a Ligue 1 and Coupe de France double and went on to play for Barcelona , Marseille and Inter Milan .
He finished his playing career at Manchester United , moving to Old Trafford in 2001 , and was part of the 2003 Premier League title - winning squad , although he started only 15 league games that season .
606 : DEBATE Is Blanc the right man for France ?
BBC Sport 's Peter Scrivener Blanc retired at the end of that season , before being appointed Bordeaux coach in 2007 .
But , after the double success in 2009 , his side finished sixth in the league this season and were knocked out of the Champions League at the quarter - final stage by fellow French side Lyon .
Domenech , who replaced Jacques Santini as France boss in 2004 , had long bore the brunt of fans ' frustrations following a disappointing Euro 2008 campaign where they picked up only one point and finished bottom of their group .
However , the World Cup debacle in South Africa represented the nadir in Domenech 's six - year tenure as France finished bottom of Group A with only one point .
Striker Nicolas Anelka was sent home after refusing to apologise for verbally abusing Domenech , prompting the rest of the squad to boycott a training session in protest .
The various controversies forced French Football Federation president Jean - Pierre Escalettes to resign , while head of state Nicolas Sarkozy pledged to personally lead an investigation into the affair .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Buras , Louisiana ( CNN ) --
The sign out front points the way : birds , please enter to the right ; humans , enter on the left .
Huddled in a pen and covered in brown streaks of oil , a dozen pelicans await treatment after exposure to the pools of crude on the surface of the Gulf of Mexico .
Increasing numbers of birds are arriving at the Fort Jackson Oiled Wildlife Rehabilitation Center in this coastal Louisiana town as the environmental disaster in the Gulf stretches on .
At least 50 birds were treated on Tuesday alone .
Wildlife workers say the birds get oiled when diving for fish .
Their efforts at preening sometimes worsen the coating of crude on their feathers .
The lucky ones are found by state workers and volunteers in time to save their lives .
" The animals that are coming in are covered in oil , " the center 's Rebecca Dunne says .
" But they are pretty healthy animals .
So that makes us feel like like we have a chance to save them .
We have been pretty successful so far . "
While around 200 birds have been dead on arrival at the center , so far none of the 400 birds brought in alive have died .
But not all of them express their gratitude .
" If you let 'em loose , they 'll bite ya , " says one volunteer holding shut the bill of a brown bird tucked under his arm .
New arrivals get a physical , and a day to " de - stress . "
Next , it 's time for a scrubbing .
They 're washed with Dawn soap , rinsed and dried .
Finally , it 's out to the aviary pens out back -- labeled " pelican island " -- where they are kept for observation and recovery .
On Tuesday , top football stars from the Super Bowl - winning New Orleans Saints came out to thank the center 's volunteers .
" It 's all about doing whatever we can down here in south Louisiana and the Gulf Coast , to help these people come back , " quarterback Drew Brees told CNN 's John King .
After rehab , the birds are scheduled for release in Florida , where they are less likely to repeat their run-in with the spilled oil .
But not all birds are so lucky .
" For every bird they rescue , there are other birds that are oiled , but that they could n't rescue , " Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal says .
" That is what is so heartbreaking to the people of Louisiana . "
The latest Consolidated Fish and Wildlife Collection report says 380 oiled birds and 50 sea turtles have been rescued ; 594 birds and 250 sea turtles have been found dead .
For better or for worse , more birds are being found and brought in each day .
Workers are planning to build eight more receiving pens in the coming days to handle the increasing influx of winged guests .
CNN 's Brian Todd contributed to this report .
Talk about cleantech – Nokia is introducing a bike - mounted and pedal - powered charger kit .
The relatively inexpensive kit ( around $ 18 in the US ) , needs only 10 minutes of riding time to give a day and a half of standby or a half hour of talk time .
The kit will start to go on sale in the fall in select markets .
Of course , in many countries bicycles are one of , if not the primary means of daily transportation , and we can see this being a big seller especially in China where Nokia does pretty well .
Here ’s what the kit will look like :
Image : Nokia
Read next : Foursquare in China shut down by Tian ’anmen Square .
Twenty years ago , Sinaloa state ’s moneyed elite would n’t give Jesus Vizcarra the time of day .
His murky past and rumored ties to major drug traffickers kept him out of the top social clubs and business associations .
Today the same power brokers who once shunned him are Vizcarra ’s enthusiastic backers as he emerges as the solid favorite to become governor .
To critics , Vizcarra ’s election on Sunday would be the culmination of a steady penetration by narcotics traffickers into Mexican political power .
Vizcarra , backed by the omnipotent Institutional Revolutionary Party , or PRI , counters that he has done nothing wrong .
He has not been charged with any crime , and the federal attorney general ’s office said last week it was not investigating any case involving Vizcarra .
But he has neither answered pointed questions about his past , nor been able to explain away compromising evidence and a quickly amassed fortune .
Sunday ’s elections in 14 states have highlighted the corrosive influence drug gangs and their money have on Mexican politics and races for important offices .
Deep infiltration ( and intimidation ) of the political class by organized crime has hamstrung the government of President Felipe Calderon in its nationwide campaign to battle powerful drug cartels , an offensive now in its fourth violent year .
With rare exception , authorities have left corrupt politicians untouched and failed to adequately monitor dirty money in election campaigns .
On Monday , assassins killed Tamaulipas state gubernatorial candidate Rodolfo Torre in a highway ambush , the highest - ranking candidate slain since a presidential hopeful in 1994 .
Usually , however , the damage is more subtle , yet insidiously effective .
“ Narco - politics is the greatest threat to Mexico ’s incipient democracy , ” said federal congressman Manuel Clouthier Carrillo , who represents Sinaloa for the National Action Party , or PAN .
“ If federal authorities do n’t fight it now , the damage will be irreversible . ”
In Sinaloa , drug tycoons like Ismael “ El Mayo ” Zambada channel untraceable millions into the hands of politicians who then use the cash not only to line their own pockets but to pay for vote - garnering public works projects and buy elections , according to politicians , law enforcement sources and experts in drug trafficking .
In return , Zambada and his compatriots can be assured that local and state police and other agencies are at their disposal .
Sinaloa is the most entrenched example of narco - politics , and the phenomenon is spreading across Mexico .
In Ciudad Juarez , where fighting among drug gangs has made the city Mexico ’s deadliest , the leading candidate for mayor is fending off allegations of ties to traffickers .
The candidate , Hector Murguia of the PRI , who served as mayor from 2004 to 2007 , has faced questions over what he knew of the activities of his police director , who in 2008 was arrested and convicted in Texas on drug smuggling and bribery charges .
Murguia , in an interview with The Times , strongly denied any relations to traffickers and said he had no idea whether the former police commander , Saulo Reyes , was involved in illicit activities before leaving office .
But a senior American law enforcement official told The Times that the PRI candidate has attracted U.S. scrutiny because of his alleged past cooperation with the Juarez cartel .
Murguia ’s main rival , Cesar Jauregui of the PAN , says Murguia has drug ties and cannot be trusted to ensure public safety in a city where rival traffickers are engaged in open warfare .
Murguia dismisses Jauregui as a “ loudmouth ” and says he will sue for defamation after the election .
In neither Ciudad Juarez nor in Sinaloa do such allegations seem to hurt the candidates .
“ People do n’t look at the ethical or moral origins [ of a candidate ] but at the services they can receive , ” said Lauro Melendrez , owner of a chain of pharmacies and one of numerous prominent Sinaloa businessmen supporting Vizcarra .
“ We do n’t have the luxury to demand pie - in - the - sky ethical values .
A society in crisis is less demanding . ”
Fertile Sinaloa is largely controlled by interconnected entrepreneurs , politicians and marijuana and cocaine traffickers , tied together by family relations and business dealings — a mafioso cabal , in the words of Clouthier .
They bought huge tracts of land , built fancy housing projects , and diversified into cattle and purebred horses .
Some even set up charitable foundations .
Many have kept their hands clean by using intermediaries , and thanks to exclusively cash transactions , there is little paper trail .
Vizcarra came from a poor rural family , one of 10 children of a father who sold chickens for a living , in the heart of the isolated Golden Triangle , a drug smugglers ’ paradise along the Sierra Madre .
Vizcarra ’s mother has acknowledged , and birth documents made available to The Times show , that they are related to Ines Calderon Quintero , a founding father of the drug cartel that dominates Sinaloa .
Calderon was killed by police in 1988 .
After moving to Culiacan in the 1970s , Vizcarra started out with a few cows , then received cash from friends and relatives whom he wo n’t identify .
Within a few years he had built Grupo Viz , a meat production and exportation conglomerate estimated by businessmen to be worth $ 800 million today .
As his wealth grew , he was welcomed into the posh Roma and Sinaloa gentlemen ’s clubs and the main business associations as he cut lucrative deals in real estate and other ventures .
Successive Sinaloa governors from the PRI juggernaut took him under their wing .
Soon , he was hosting dinners for Mexican presidents at his ranches , and in 2007 he was elected mayor of Culiacan .
In December , the newspaper Reforma published a photograph that showed Vizcarra attending an outdoor religious ceremony with Zambada and other traffickers or their relatives at a Zambada family ranch .
Reforma said the photo was about 20 years old and was taken at a Mass for the Virgin of Guadalupe .
Vizcarra downplayed the image , offering the improbable explanation that he was merely there to buy cattle .
Since then , one persistent rumor has dogged Vizcarra : Zambada agreed to Vizcarra ’s request that he serve as his first son ’s godfather .
That would make Zambada and Vizcarra compadres , an extremely important and cherished relationship in Mexican culture .
Vizcarra has refused to say whether that ’s true .
Residents of Sinaloa report having heard the son boast of the relationship .
Reporters who sought the baptismal records at the church where the ceremony took place found the relevant pages had been torn from the register .
Last month at the final candidates ’ debate of the gubernatorial campaign , Vizcarra ’s rival , Mario Lopez Valdez , stood at a lectern and looked squarely into the television camera .
“ Jesus Vizcarra , ” he said , “ are you or are you not the compadre of El Mayo Zambada ? ”
Vizcarra ignored the question , reverting instead to a stock line he repeats frequently .
“ I have never done anything against the law , ” he said , adding that the accusations against him are part of a “ dirty war . ”
“ My work is transparent . ”
Outside the debate , the crowd that had gathered chanted , “ He should answer !
He should answer ! ”
Lopez Valdez , widely known by the acronym of his names , Malova , is the owner of a chain of hardware stores and a federal senator who had been a member of the PRI but broke with the group .
He is the candidate of an odd - bedfellows alliance of the leftist Revolutionary Democratic Party and the conservative PAN , President Calderon ’s party .
The tones of the two candidates ’ campaigns are striking in their contrast .
Vizcarra hardly mentions violence or drug trafficking .
Instead , he repeats the mantra that he will “ help the people ” with jobs , paved roads , free diapers .
His defenders praise him for an efficiently run city administration and his undying support for business .
Malova warns darkly of continued corruption and drug - fueled bloodshed .
One of his campaign TV spots showed residents of Sinaloa blindfolded and gagged , surrounded by scenes of destruction .
“ We are not safe in our streets .
We are not safe in our homes , ” Malova said in an interview in the well - guarded house that serves as his campaign headquarters in Culiacan .
Vizcarra declined requests for an interview .
At a rally cleverly staged around Mexico ’s World Cup 2 - 0 win over France , Vizcarra cheered on potential voters and gave away soccer jerseys and balls .
Maria de Lourdes Clouthier , 63 , no relation to the congressman , stood in line with her daughter and granddaughter waiting for the freebies .
She said she planned to vote for Vizcarra because he ’s “ done a lot ” for the city .
Asked about the reports of his ties to Zambada , Clouthier tsk- tsked : “ Oh , there ’s no reason to get into that .
No , no , no .
It is not important . ”
wilkinson@latimes.com
ken.ellingwood
@latimes.com
Richard A. Serrano of the Washington bureau contributed to this report .
A Deepwater Horizon rig worker has told the BBC that he identified a leak in the oil rig's safety equipment weeks before the explosion .
Tyrone Benton said the leak was not fixed at the time , but that instead the faulty device was shut down and a second one relied on .
BP said rig owners Transocean were responsible for the operation and maintenance of that piece of equipment .
Transocean said it tested the device successfully before the accident .
Meanwhile , BP has said that its costs in tackling the disaster have now risen to $ 2bn ( £ 1.34bn ) .
' Unacceptable '
On 20 April , when the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded killing 11 people , the blowout preventer , as the device is known , failed .
Blowout preventer Investigations into the US oil spill are focused on the blowout preventer system of valves on the seabed .
The system 's control panel is its electronic " brains " , keeping valves open to allow flow from well to rig .
In an emergency , hydraulic valves or shear rams should close shut on the pipe , sealing it and preventing flow .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
The most critical piece of safety equipment on the rig , they are designed to avert disasters just like the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
The blowout preventer ( BOP ) has giant shears which are designed to cut and seal off the well 's main pipe .
The control pods are effectively the brains of the blowout preventer and contain both electronics and hydraulics .
This is where Mr Benton said the problem was found .
" We saw a leak on the pod , so by seeing the leak we informed the company men , " Mr Benton said of the earlier problem he had identified .
" They have a control room where they could turn off that pod and turn on the other one , so that they do n't have to stop production . "
Professor Tad Patzek , petroleum expert at the University of Texas , was blunt in his assessment : " That is unacceptable .
If you see any evidence of the blowout preventer not functioning properly , you should fix it by whatever means possible . "
Mr Benton said his supervisor e-mailed both BP and Transocean about the leaks when they were discovered .
Daily costs
He said he did not know whether the leaking pod was turned back on before the disaster or not .
WATCH ON PANORAMA BP - In Deep Water , BBC One , Monday , 21 June at 2030BST
Then available in the UK via the link below BBC iPlayer - Home
He said to repair the control pod would have meant temporarily stopping drilling work on the rig at at time when it was costing BP $ 500,000 ( £ 337,000 ) a day to operate the Deepwater Horizon .
Henry Waxman , a House of Representatives Democrat who is overseeing congressional investigations into the rig disaster , has accused BP of taking safety shortcuts to save money .
" BP appears to have made multiple decisions for economic reasons that increased the danger of a catastrophic well failure , " Mr Waxman said .
BP chief executive Tony Hayward , giving evidence to Congress , said : " There is nothing I have seen in the evidence so far that suggests that anyone put cost ahead of safety , if there are then we will take action . "
Congress has identified numerous other problems with the blowout preventer , including design problems , unexpected modifications and a flat battery .
Cement job
The other major problems on the rig , Congress has said , centred around the cement job .
Cement in an oil well blocks explosive gases from escaping , and it appears the cement may not have set properly on the Deepwater Horizon .
PESTON'S PICKS Tony Hayward looks like a dead chief executive walking Robert Peston , BBC business editor ' Not if , but when '
BP said it had indications of a successful cementing operation and the company that was in charge of the cement job , Halliburton , has said it was consistent with that used in similar applications .
Several rig workers the BBC spoke to who were on the Deepwater Horizon said there was pressure in April to work fast .
Work to prepare and then seal the well was behind schedule and had to be completed before a production rig could move in and start turning profits .
" Too many jobs were being done at one time .
It should have just really slowed down and just took one job at a time , to make sure everything was done the way it should have been , " said Mr Benton , who is now suing BP and Transocean for negligence .
BP has responded to Mr Benton 's account saying Transocean was responsible for both the maintenance and operation of the blowout preventer .
Despite a push to have birth control co-pays eliminated by classifying hormonal contraceptives as preventative care under health care reform , no dice — at least not yet .
Advertisement
The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force issued its first round of recommendations today , but birth control pills were n't on the list of recommended free care .
According to The Wall Street Journal , " The Planned Parenthood Federation of America is pushing for it to be included in a separate set of regulations on women 's health expected to come out in the coming months . "
Fingers crossed .
Advertisement
Earlier this week , The Daily Beast 's Dana Goldstein gauged the level of conservative opposition to requiring hormonal birth control to be fully covered under health care reform preventative care services .
Access to contraception , Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards told Goldstein , is a rare middle ground on the reproductive rights front .
Even the Conference of Catholic Bishops has been relatively muted on the point .
" I do n't want to overstate or understate our level of concern , " said McQuade , the Catholic bishops ' spokesperson .
" We consider [ birth control ] an elective drug .
Married women can practice periodic abstinence .
Other women can abstain altogether .
Not having sex does n't make you sick . "
Again , the word is " relatively . "
We 'll have the next few months to find out just how high that level of concern is , and whether it will make any difference .
The Religious Right Versus Birth Control [ Campus Progress ]
The Coming Battle Over The Cost Of Birth Control [ Daily Beast ]
White House To Unveil List Of Free Preventative Services [ WSJ ]
Advertisement
Earlier : Would n't It Be Nice If Birth Control Pills Were Free ?
Image via Wallenrock / Shutterstock
MORE than one disgraced national team has been heckled by angry fans on returning home - but North Korea 's misfiring stars reportedly face a much harsher punishment .
Unfortunately , crazed dictator Kim Jong - il chose the 7 - 0 mauling at the hands of Portugal to be the first football game ever broadcast in the impoverished communist nation .
" The Portuguese won the game and now have four points , " the Korean Central Broadcasting commentator said at the conclusion of the match .
" We are ending our live broadcast now . "
It then cut to factory workers and engineers praising the Dear Leader .
Seems the result may not have tallied too well with Kim Jong - il 's narrative that North Korea is a socialist paradise populated by athletic supermen .
Moon Ki-Nam , a former North Korean coach who fled the country in 2004 , told reporters : “ The players and coach are rewarded with huge houses when they win .
But they have to atone for losing by being sent to work in the coal mines . ”
The players kept a low profile after the game .
Coach Kim - Jong
Hun somewhat optimistically told the media : “ We failed to reach our goal .
I want to apologise for this to our people .
I do not think that we will be punished . ”
Some members of the 1966 North Korean World Cup squad were reputedly sent to labour camps after throwing away a 3 - 0 lead against Portugal in the quarter - finals .
Originally published as North Korean team ' sent to coal mines '
Published online 14 July 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.351
Column : Muse
The punishment of antisocial behaviour seems necessary for a stable society .
But how should it be policed , and how severe should it be ?
Game theory offers some answers , Philip Ball finds .
A key axis of political opinion in democratic nations measures the ' size ' of government .
How much or how little should the state interfere in our lives ?
At one end of the axis sits political philosopher Thomas Hobbes , whose state is so authoritarian — absolute monarchy — that it barely qualifies as a democracy at all once the ruler is elected .
At the other extreme is Peter Kropotkin , the Russian revolutionary anarchist who argued in his 1902 book Mutual Aid that people can organize themselves harmoniously without any government at all .
I 'm prepared to guess that most Nature readers , being benign moderates , will cluster around the middle ground defined by John Stuart Mill , who argued that government is needed to maintain social stability , but should intrude only to the extent of preventing individuals from harming others .
The trouble is that ' harming others ' is a slippery concept , illustrated most profoundly by the problem of the ' commons ' .
If you drop litter , if you do n't pay your taxes or if you tip your sewage into the river , it 's hard to pinpoint how or who your actions ' harm ' , if anyone .
But if everybody does it , society suffers .
So laws and penal codes must not only prevent or punish heinous crimes , but also discourage free - riders who cheat the mechanisms that promote social order .
Easy riders
Game theory and behavioural economics are now exploring how we collectively negotiate these rules .
' Public goods games ' , in which participants seek to maximize their rewards through competition or cooperation , have shown that people care about punishment to an irrational degree1 .
Say , for example , players are invited to put some of their money into a collective pot that will then be multiplied and divided among the players .
The more the players put in , the better the pay - off .
But if one person does n't contribute , they still get the reward — so there 's a temptation to free - ride .
Police officers — a natural consequence of evolution ?
Julian Love / JAI / Corbis
If players are allowed to fine free - riders , but at a cost to themselves , they will generally do so : they care more about fairness than profit .
This , however , can introduce another problem , a second - order temptation to free - ride : you contribute to the pot but leave others to shoulder the cost of sanctioning the cheaters who do n't .
So there 's an infinite regress of opportunities to free - ride , which can eventually undermine cooperation .
But what if the players can share the cost of punishment by contributing to a pool in advance — equivalent , say , to paying for a police force and penal system ?
This decreases the overall profits — it costs society — because the pool goes to waste if no one cheats .
Yet in a paper in Nature today2 , game theorist Karl Sigmund at the University of Vienna and his colleagues show in a computer model that pool - punishment can nevertheless evolve as the preferred option over peer - punishment as a way of policing the game and promoting cooperation : a preference , one might say , for a state police force as opposed to vigilante justice .
This arrangement is , however , self - organized à la Kropotkin , not imposed from the top down à la Hobbes : pool - punishment simply emerges as the most stable strategy .
Crime and punishment
Of course , what often distinguishes these things in real life is that state - sponsored policing is more moderate and less arbitrary or emotion - led than vigilante retribution .
That highlights another axis of political opinion : are extreme punishments more effective at suppressing defection than less severe ones ?
A modelling study of public goods games by Dirk Helbing at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich ( ETH Zurich ) and his co-workers , soon to be published in the New Journal of Physics3 and elaborated in another recent paper4 , suggests that fostering cooperation may depend on the strength of punishment in subtle , non-intuitive ways .
Above a critical punishment ( fine ) threshold , cooperators who punish can gain strength by sticking together , eventually crowding out both defectors and non-punishing cooperators ( second - order free - riders ) .
But if punishment is carried out not by cooperators but by other defectors , too high a fine is counterproductive and reduces cooperation .
Cooperation can also arise through an unholy alliance of cooperators and defectors who both punish .
ADVERTISEMENT
Why would defectors punish other defectors ?
This behaviour sounds bizarre , but is well documented experimentally5 , and familiar in reality : there are both hypocritical ' punishing ' defectors ( think of television evangelists whose condemnation of sexual misdemeanours ignores their own ) and ' sincere ' ones , who deplore certain types of cheating while practising others .
In recent years , one of the most important lessons of these game - theory models has been that the outcomes are not necessarily permanent or absolute .
What most people presumably want is a society in which people cooperate .
But different strategies for promoting that have different vulnerabilities to an invasion of defectors .
And strategies evolve : prolonged cooperation might erode a belief in the need for ( costly ) policing , opening the way for a defector takeover .
Which is perhaps to say that public policy should be informed but not determined by computer models .
As Stephen Jay Gould has said , " There are no shortcuts to moral insight . "
6
Valve 's Gabe Newell appeared at Sony 's E3 press conference to say Steam is coming to the PlayStation Network , and Portal 2 will be available for the PS3 on the same day it releases for Xbox 360 and PC .
Advertisement
CORRECTION : Portal 2 will be " Steamworks enabled , " which includes community support features , such as chat .
It will not accommodate cross-platform play .
Newell said the new features will make Portal 2 " the best version on any console . "
Advertisement
Launch and release dates were not announced ; Portal 2 will release sometime in 2011 .
Newell made the announcement at Sony 's E3 news conference just moments ago .
Click to view
What matters most to you when you ’re searching for the perfect hotel to accommodate you & your group on a trip ?
Is it getting the best deal ?
Having some flexibility in changing or cancelling your reservation ?
Is it packages or discounts ?
Are you just looking for the best room selection possible ?
If any of those … Continue reading “ 5 Reasons to Always Book Your Hotel Direct ”
Image caption
The FCC said the court 's decision was " anti-family "
A US appeals court has struck down a government policy that banned the broadcasting of profanity , ruling that the rule is unconstitutional .
The policy was drawn up in 2004 and meant that broadcasters could be fined if indecent words went on air .
The court said the FCC's ( Federal Communications Commission ) policy had a " chilling effect " on broadcasters .
The many media outlets that challenged the rule said that they were satisfied with the ruling .
The court said banning all " patently offensive " references to sex , sexual organs and excretion without a clear definition of what is considered offensive , effectively chills speech and creates an atmosphere of fear among America 's broadcasters .
FCC commissioner Michael Copps called the court 's decision " anti-family " and said the commission would " clarify and strengthen its indecency framework " .
About four minutes after the lift - off of the Falcon 9 rocket , flight controllers announced that the first stage successfully separated from the second stage .
The separation was nominal , with no known problems .
The rocket continues for its goal of orbit about the Earth .
SpaceX hopes that this test mission into space will lead to a productive partnership with NASA and the U.S. unmanned and manned exploration of space .
Earlier in the day , at 7:57 Eastern Daylight Time ( EDT ) , the personnel at the mission control center for the Falcon 9 rocket found that the software for the mission had indicated a ' pad abort involving an out - of - limit startup parameter . '
The controllers had to investigate the problem .
The problem was ultimately resolved and the launch clock was reset .
Later , the first launch attempt of the rocket was aborted at T - 6 seconds ( six seconds before the launch ) because of a failure in one of the systems .
The rocket was shut down safely , as it was designed to do .
The clock was recycled , and the countdown resumed as before for its ultimate launch at 2:45 p.m. EDT ( 1845 GMT ) .
If you or a loved one has been the victim of another ’s negligent actions , you may be eligible for significant compensation .
Before you speak with the insurance company adjuster , you need sound legal advice .
Do n’t give a recorded statement without consulting with a local personal injury attorney .
Do n’t settle for less than you deserve !
Let our team aggressively fight for you today !
At the Law Offices of Russ E. Robbins , P.A. , we have a proven track record of successes that includes tens of millions of dollars in recoveries for injured individuals and their families .
One malicious add - on and another add - on with a serious security vulnerability were discovered recently on the Mozilla Add - ons site .
Both issues have been dealt with , and the details are described below .
Mozilla Sniffer
Issue
An add - on called “ Mozilla Sniffer ” was uploaded on June 6th to addons.mozilla.org .
It was discovered that this add - on contains code that intercepts login data submitted to any website , and sends this data to a remote location .
Upon discovery on July 12th , the add - on was disabled and added to the blocklist , which will prompt the add - on to be uninstalled for all current users .
Impact to users
If a user installs this add - on and submits a login form with a password field , all form data will be submitted to a remote location .
Uninstalling the add - on stops this behavior .
Anybody who has installed this add - on should change their passwords as soon as possible .
Status
Mozilla Sniffer has been downloaded approximately 1,800 times since its submission and currently reports 334 active daily users .
All current users should receive an uninstall notification within a day or so .
The site this add - on sends data to seems to be down at the moment , so it is unknown if data is still being collected .
Mozilla Sniffer was not developed by Mozilla , and it was not reviewed by Mozilla .
The add - on was in an experimental state , and all users that installed it should have seen a warning indicating it is unreviewed .
Unreviewed add - ons are scanned for known viruses , trojans , and other malware , but some types of malicious behavior can only be detected in a code review .
Credit
This issue was originally reported by Johann - Peter Hartmann .
Note
Having unreviewed add - ons exposed to the public , even with low visibility , has been previously identified as an attack vector for hackers .
For this reason , we ’re already working on implementing a new security model for addons.mozilla.org that will require all add - ons to be code - reviewed before they are discoverable in the site .
Here ’s more information about it .
CoolPreviews
Issue
A security escalation vulnerability was discovered in version 3.0.1 of the CoolPreviews add - on .
The vulnerability can be triggered using a specially crafted hyperlink .
If the user hovers the cursor over this link , the preview function executes remote JavaScript code with local chrome privileges , giving the attacking script control over the host computer .
Version 3.0.1 and all older versions have been disabled on addons.mozilla.org , and a fixed version was uploaded and reviewed within a day of the developer being notified .
Impact to users
Proof of concept code for this vulnerability was posted on this blog , but no known malicious exploits have been reported so far .
If a user has a vulnerable version installed and clicks on a malicious link that targets the add - on , the code in the malicious link will run with local privileges , potentially gaining access to the file system and allowing code download and execution .
All users of CoolPreviews should update to the latest version as soon as possible in order to avoid exposure .
Status
Currently , 177,000 users have a vulnerable version installed .
This is less than 25 % of the current install base and it will continue to decrease as more users are prompted to update to a new version .
Vulnerable versions will also be blocklisted very soon .
Credit
This issue was originally reported by Alice White .
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Deepwater travellers : A ) deepwater slipskin and B ) gonate squid
Deep sea fish species found in the north Pacific Ocean have mysteriously been caught in the southwest Atlantic , on the other side of the world .
It is unclear how the animals , a giant rattail grenadier , pelagic eelpout and deep sea squid , travelled so far .
Their discovery 15,000 km from their usual home raises the possibility that deep sea currents can transport animals from one polar region to another .
Details are published in the journal Deep Sea Research part I . " These findings were completely unexpected , " says Dr Alexander Arkhipkin of the Falkland Islands Fisheries Department , based in Stanley , on the Falkland Islands in the southwest Atlantic Ocean .
DEEP SEA DISCOVERIES
Watch extraordinary footage of a rarely seen giant deep sea fish
See strange jellies discovered in the icy depths Explore the deep sea Since 1987 , the Falkland Islands Fisheries Department has performed surveys of fish caught by commercial and research fishing trawlers travelling above the Patagonian Shelf and slope around the islands .
Commercial longline catches of Patagonian toothfish have also been examined .
Recently , these catches have brought to the surface animals previously unknown in the southwest Atlantic .
For example , Dr Arkhipkin and colleagues Dr Vladimir Laptikhovsky and Dr Paul Brickle report a 81 cm - long grenadier fish belonging to the genus Albatrossia caught by the longline fishery set to catch Patagonian toothfish .
Another deepwater trawl caught a small 15 cm - long pelagic eelpout at a depth of 1000 m .
The route travelled Experts have identified this fish as being a member of the slipskin species Lycodapus endemoscotus .
Previously both species were only known from the deepwaters of the north Pacific Ocean .
A small immature 11 cm - long north Pacific gonate squid Gonatopsis octopedatus was also recovered from a trawl south of the Falkland Islands .
Genetic analyses confirmed the identification , which is the first time any member of this squid genus has been recorded in the southern hemisphere .
The catches are the first time that such deepwater species have been caught so far from their natural habitat .
All three species habitually live in the deep waters of the north Pacific , at depths greater than 600 - 1000 m .
That makes it extremely unlikely that the fish and squid could have become trapped in ballast water used by ships , and transported around the world .
" We would not expect that relatively slow deepwater fish and squid might travel so far from their common habitats , " says Dr Arkhipkin .
An out of place rattail
All three species live above the seafloor , and none of the three are known to habitually migrate , just as tuna and whales do .
Far more likely is that each animal was transported thousands of kilometres by deepwater currents .
These flow south , across the equator , moving past South America underneath another northbound flow called the Humboldt Current .
Finally , this flow mixes with another called the Upper Circumpolar Deep Water to pass through the Drake Passage , whcih separates South America and Antarctica , to the Southwest Atlantic .
SOURCES
Visit Deep Sea Research part I to read more about the travelling deep sea species
Such deep water currents flow slowly , so it may take a few years for a long - lived fish , or even several generations of short - lived fish or squid to migrate the whole way .
Dr Arkhipkin says the catches may force scientists to reevaluate their ideas about the distribution and movements of deepwater species .
Though there is no evidence to support the idea , Dr Arkhipkin speculates that climate change may be influencing the deepwater currents , facilitating the novel spread of such animals .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Last week , Britain 's Tate Art Gallery threw a party for BP to thank the oil giant for its 20 years of sponsorship .
But a handful of protesters created a bit of a splash in the oil giant 's backyard .
They dumped half a dozen cans of thick brown liquid all over the gallery steps .
Partygoers and Passersby were shocked , baffled , outraged .
MAN IN THE STREET :
This is a very bad publicity stunt !
I disapprove of this .
BEARD : BP still has many friends in Britain and it's well regarded by the general public , says oil analyst Chris Skrebowski .
CHRIS SKREBOWSKI :
It 's been thought of as a decent , well - run company with a good environmental record , a good social record .
And therefore something to be proud of .
BEARD : But this was the company behind a string of American disasters .
The Prudhoe Bay spill ; the Texas City Refinery Fire , and now Deepwater Horizon .
Critics say former chief executive Lord Browne created all these disasters with relentless cost-cutting .
Tom Bower is author of " Oil Money Politics and Power . "
TOM BOWER : Amongst the costs he dramatically cut were the costs of maintenance and safety and releasing many hundreds of engineers .
BEARD : Bower says a maniacal ambition drove Browne .
He wanted to displace Exxon - Mobil and make BP the biggest oil company in the world .
Instead , he says , Browne left behind a disaster zone .
Twenty two years ago , a gas leak on an American platform off Britain 's Coast caused the world 's worst offshore disaster .
One hundred and sixty seven workers on the Piper Alpha rig died in the fire .
Much tougher regulation ensued .
Malcolm Webb speaks for British offshore operators .
He says Piper Alpha ...
MALCOLM WEBB : .. took us into an entirely different direction as regards safety and the management of our resources in the offshore .
BEARD : Britain split up licensing of operators from safety monitoring , unlike in the U.S.
And another critical difference .
No drilling operator ever gets a license here now without a meticulous safety assessment showing .
WEBB : That he is operating that installation so as to reduce to the lowest extent practicable the risks to human life and to the environment through oil spill .
BEARD : BP admits it never performed assessments on any of its U.S. wells because the U.S. government never required that .
John McCain ( R - AZ ) - $ 2,677,524
Kay Bailey Hutchison ( R - TX ) - $ 2,137,225
John Cornyn ( R - TX ) - $ 1,652,150
Jim Inhofe ( R - OK ) - $ 1,231,523
Mitch McConnell ( R- KY ) - $ 862,561
David Vitter ( R - LA ) - $ 791,335
Mary Landrieu ( D - LA ) - $ 758,744
Blanche Lincoln ( D - AR ) - $ 601,625
John Thune ( R - SD ) - $ 577,662
Arlen Specter ( R/D - PA ) - $ 566,028
Joe Barton ( R - TX ) - $ 1,458,530
Don Young ( R - AK ) - $ 981,263
Mike Conaway ( R - TX ) - $ 652,718
Pete Sessions ( R - TX ) - $ 645,864
Todd Tiahrt ( R-KS ) - $ 628,073
Kay Granger ( R - TX ) - $ 612,807
Dan Boren ( Blue Dog - OK ) - $ 578,210
Roy Blunt ( R - MO ) - $ 532,898
Ralph Hall ( R - TX ) - $ 530,468
John Sullivan ( R - OK ) - $ 529,950
We 've all heard Joe Barton and other Republican Big Oil shills apologizing to BP and we 're all aware of the hysterical and pernicious fits by corporate lackeys like David Vitter , Haley Barbour and Sarah Palin insisting that the business of government is ... business .
I have an automatic filter that spares me all this systemic corruption .
After a career inside the American corporate system my instinctual distrust for our country 's corporate elites was even further enhanced by ashow I heard on NPR last week .
The reporter is Stephen Beard , 's bureau chief and what his commentary was nothing short of astounding .
Tess Vigland got the ball rolling by reminding her listeners of something few of us need to be reminded of , namely that if one is asked to " name the most unpopular corporation doing business in the U.S. today , chances are you 'd settle on the one responsible for the moratorium .
And the historic oil spill that preceded it .
BP 's name is now forever identified with the worst environmental disaster in U.S. history .
But back home in Britain , there 's quite a bit more sympathy . "
Beard steps in to explain :
How dare they , huh ?
This is very much the way U.S. corporations treat human beings in Third World countries .
It 's what I meant to convey earlier this morning when I quoted Thom Hartmann looking out into the not - too - distant future and spelling out for us that we either have to change or perish and that " The new economic structure must consider , in every transaction , the environmental cost to all human ( and corporate , and governmental ) behavior , and appropriately mitigate that cost . "
BP did n't give a hoot about that .
As Beard 's guest , Tom Bower went on the explain , " Amongst the costs he dramatically cut were the costs of maintenance and safety and releasing many hundreds of engineers . "
Browne was clearly a typical corporate sociopath -- and he left a predictable catastrophe for his former company , not to mention the Gulf of Mexico and the areas that border it .
" BP , " continued Bower , " was really always on a knife - edge , always cutting corners , and to an extent it was a maverick corporation , shooting from the hip . "
But these kinds of environmental disasters have n't happened in the U.K .
Why ?
Well , that 's where the Republican Party 's love for banana republicanism comes into play .
Beard again :
In fact , it was much cheaper for B.P. and the oil industry in general to just buy off conservative politicians -- much cheaper .
Still sitting in the Senate are 10 members -- all conservatives , of course -- who have taken over half a million dollars in thinly veiled direct bribes from Big Oil and all have worked to make sure BP would never be required to undergo the expensive regulatory regime they are forced to endure back in their home country .
These ten should all be in prison :
And there are 10 House members , again all conservatives , in the same cozy little club : handmaidens for Big Oil who have taken at least half a million dollars each from Big Oil executives and lobbyists :
They also belong in prison -- along with the BP executive and lobbyists .
But that 's not going to happen ... not ever .
Even now , as we mentioned earlier today , Republican conservatives , each with financial connections to Big Oil , are urging that oil companies be allowed to drill in the Great Lakes , the source of drinking water for 40 million Americans .
The U.S. learned nothing from this , although England did :
Labels : B.P. , Big Oil , oil spill
Didier Drogba limped off in the first half of Ivory Coast 's World Cup warm - up match against Japan today .
The Elephants ' key player went down under a heavy challenge from the Japan defender Tulio after 15 minutes which left him spreadeagled on the pitch .
After rising groggily to his feet , the Chelsea forward hobbled off clutching his groin and was replaced by Seydou Doumbia .
Ivory Coast were leading 1 - 0 after Drogba 's free - kick was deflected into his own goal by Tulio in the 13th minute .
The Africans face Brazil , Portugal and North Korea in World Cup Group G .
Tonight , guitarist Johnny Marr and Hans Zimmer will perform live from the Inception red carpet .
And you can watch it all streaming live right here !
The duo will be playing the booming Inception soundtrack , backed by a 20 - piece orchestra .
Advertisement
Tune in at 11 PST for the show .
The event will be taking place at the Inception after party in LA , after the premiere .
Are you celebrating your spring break with a relaxing beach vacation ?
If so , you ’re probably on the hunt for an indulging book to soak into while you rest under the warm sun and calming ocean breeze .
In this post , we ’re sharing our favorite new releases with you .
From true stories to gripping mysteries and life lessons , we have you covered .
Take a read below .
Catch and Kill by Ronan Farrow :
Read just one chapter and you ’ll be hooked !
This non-fiction book uncovers the true events circling around Harvey Weinstein , a Hollywood movie producer , including corruption , cover-ups , and more .
If your reading style is mystery with a side of journalism , this is the ultimate book for you .
In Five Years by Rebecca Serle :
This fiction book comes to life when a Manhattan lawyer is asked an important interview question ; “ Where do you see yourself in five years ? ”
She goes to sleep one night and wakes up five years in the future !
When she ’s snapped back to the present day , she ca n’t shake the dream .
As the book progresses and years pass , the lawyer sees the same man who was in her dream over four years ago .
Was it a dream or something deeper ?
The suspense and hopefulness of this book is perfect for readers who are looking for an interesting book with a lighthearted lesson to be learned .
The Jetsetters by Amanda Eyre Ward :
Speaking of the perfect beach read , The Jetsetters is a perfect one !
An elderly mother enters a contest to win a cruise with an ulterior motive : to reunite her three distant children .
As you might imagine , secrets spew out and the family is forced to face the circumstances that drove them apart in the first place .
Can they reconcile their differences and rebuild their love and trust ?
The Two Lives of Lydia Bird by Josie Silver :
This novel takes a dark turn when Lydia ’s husband suddenly passes away in a car crash .
Lydia reaches out for help from a close friend and her sister in efforts to find true love again .
However , suddenly , Lydia is given back the life she once had before her husband passed away .
While Lydia is reliving the past with Freddie , she is concurrently living her present day life with someone new .
Will she shake the past life for her newfound love or will her first true love resurface ?
Get Out of Your Own Way by Dave Hollis :
Perhaps you ’re familiar with the last name Hollis from Girl , Wash Your Face by Rachel Hollis .
Similar to Rachel ’s style , Dave encourages readers to grow and constantly seek fulfillment .
Dave sheds light on his mishaps and explains how he pushed himself out of his comfort zone to become a better man for his wife and children .
If you ’re seeking a challenge or encouragement , this coming of age book will be the perfect fix .
Little Fires Everywhere by Celeste Ng :
If you have n’t read this popular novel everyone is raving about , get to it !
This book is being made into a Hulu series starring Reese Witherspoon and Kerry Washington , and you ’ll want to read the book first .
It takes place in a picture - perfect community where everything seems flawless until Mia Warren and her daughter move to town .
Mia has a mysterious past ;
A past so suspicious that one of the community members goes to great lengths to uncover it .
Will her investigation come at cost ?
This mystery novel explores the weight of secrets and how trying to live in nirvana can be a disaster .
My Perfect Wife by Clare Boyd :
This page turning mystery novel is the ultimate beach read .
In short , it ’s about a wife having the perfect life – think the perfect home , husband , and children .
When the wife suspects her husband of cheating on her , there ’s just one problem .
If she is wrong , her husband will try to take her children away from her .
This book explores what goes on beneath the surface of a couple ’s life and how love can have a dark side .
You ’ll be gripped from the first page .
The Giver of Stars by Jojo Moyes :
The author of Me Before
You gives us a breathtaking story of five women ’s journey to be self - sufficient and find justice by delivering books to people who have never had any in efforts to change their lives .
This moving book is based on a true story and will give you the motivation to be the change you want to see in the world .
Bonus :
This book is soon to be made into a movie !
Do you have any books on your “ to read ” list that we did n’t mention in this post ?
If so , please share them with us !
Tag us on Instagram so we can see what you ’re reading and share it on our story .
The Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) says it has found the biggest ever " suckers " list of potential targets for share fraudsters .
The regulator is writing to more than 38,000 people whose names , addresses and telephone numbers are on the list .
They are being warned that their details are still being passed around , so they could be contacted at any time .
The information is bought and sold by " boiler rooms " , teams of bogus dealers who try to sell worthless shares .
" The greatest concentrations of targets are based largely in London and the South East , but there are significant numbers present in Yorkshire and Lancashire too , " the FSA .
Big losses
" They were very persistent , " laments Jimmy Gill , a London pharmacist who has already been ripped off by a boiler room .
Mr Gill told the BBC he had lost £ 40,000 which he thought was going into genuine shares .
WHAT TO DO
If you get a call offering you shares out of the blue hang up the phone
Scammers may be persistent , so keep hanging up
You can check the FSA register to see if the person selling shares is authorised to do so
Call the company back using the details on the FSA register to verify their identity
Report any company that cold calls you trying to sell shares to the FSA or the police
" They lull you into a false sense of security , " he explains .
" The first transaction was for only £ 5,000 , a dry run , then the big one was for £ 35,000 . "
The FSA believes UK investors lose hundreds of millions of pounds a year to boiler rooms , with the average loss per investor being put at £ 20,000 .
Boiler room victims are often men , aged over 40 , who have already had some experience of share dealing .
" We had several hundred callers last year saying they were victims of boiler room scams , " said Jonathan Phelan of the FSA .
" A proper FSA authorised firm should not be cold - calling you - you should not get a call out of the blue .
" The advice is hang up on them , " Mr Phelan added .
How they work
Boiler rooms work outside the law and usually outside the UK .
The fraudsters tend to employ young dealers from the UK , often straight out of school , making them work the telephones using the hit lists .
They add in information about investors ' interests , the cars they drive and any genuine shares they hold , to provide conversational gambits for the future .
Victims have little chance a getting help from the Financial Services Compensation Scheme .
This covers losses on investments sold by firms which are authorised to operate in the UK , but which become insolvent .
' Dumbstruck '
Once a potential victim has been duped , he or she will be contacted repeatedly by " loaders " , experienced scam merchants looking for repeat sales , and " sloppers " who promise that the lost funds can be retrieved if further payments are made .
The trickery is backed up by sophisticated selling techniques gleaned from the world of legal marketing .
Jimmy Gill says he was " dumbstruck " when he found that he could n't get hold of the firm which had taken his money .
Its website had disappeared .
" I would consider myself prudent and I 've invested in shares before , " he says .
" If I can be caught out I 'm sure a lot of other people can be . "
The FSA 's mass mailout is being called " Operation Domingo " .
Anyone who has been contacted by a boiler room can ring the FSA helpline on 0845 606 1234 or check for more information on the FSA 's website or moneymadeclear.org.uk
Former Panthers Gord Murphy and Brian Skrudland return to South Florida as part of the Cats hockey operations staff .
Brian Skrudland was the first captain for the Panthers and played from 1993 - 97 .
Gord Murphy played in six seasons ( 1993 - 1999 ) for the Panthers as a defenseman .
For Panthers GM Dale Tallon , there 's no better way of making for a bright future than borrowing from the illustrious past .
At least that 's what was thought when he hired two players who led the Panthers to the Prince of Wales Trophy and the Stanley Cup final in 1996 , to positions on his hockey operations staff .
Tallon tabbed the Panthers first captain Brian Skrudland as the new Director of Player Development and former defenseman Gord Murphy as an assistant coach on head coach Peter DeBoer 's staff .
" I wanted to bring back some of the alumni , " said Tallon .
" Get them involved and bring a sense of family , bring some of the history and the winning tradition in the earlier Panther days .
" Adding Skrudland and Murphy to the mix , the Panthers have two people with impeccable resumes , combining for 666 points in 1743 games in the NHL .
" Their passion , their dedication , they 've got history – all those things , " said Tallon of the additions .
" They 've been through it and know what it takes down here to be successful .
"
They can familiarize our younger players , get them pointed in the right direction as well and they have history and they had success .
That 's what we want .
We want to build that tradition and rebuild that culture of winning and paying the price to win and these guys exemplify that .
" Both Skrudland and Murphy , who were selected by the Panthers in the 1993 expansion draft , could n't be happier to return to an organization that they still hold highly .
" I can't tell you how thrilled I am to be , first and foremost , back in the game , especially at the level of the Florida Panthers , " said Skrudland .
" And to be back involved with this team that I have a special place in my heart .
I think it 's a good fit . "
" I spent six great years there , " said Murphy .
" It 's a place that 's still very , along with my wife , a place that we hold very close to our hearts .
We still have a lot of good friends down there .
I 've followed the franchise ever since I 've left .
That organization , that crest , that jersey means a lot to me so I 'm really excited and looking forward to this .
" It also does n't hurt that the two are returning together some 14 years after taking South Florida on that wild ride in May and June of 1996 .
" Obviously I have got a lot of respect for Screwy , not only as a player and a teammate but as a person , " said Murphy .
" He was one of the best captains I ever played for and learned a lot from .
" He 's still a really good friend of mine so I think it 's a great hire and I know he 's such a good guy and a caring guy , he 's going to be great for the player development portion of it with the guys coming in .
I think all the guys that they drafted and , the great draft they had , he 's going to be a great addition and fill that role really well . "
" I 'm thrilled to be coming back with Gordy , " said Skrudland .
" We had so many good times together and I know as soon as he called the other day and we chatted for a half hour , forty - five minutes , we just chuckled and laughed .
Great conversation and I can't wait .
" I know Gord is going to do a hell of a job with Pete and Jim and I know they 're all very excited about the whole thing .
" While hiring the duo because of their Panthers ties were an added bonus , the characters and the qualities that each of them personified were the main reason that Tallon and DeBoer came about selecting Skrudland and Murphy .
" That position is vital that we stay on top of our young guys , " said Tallon of the Director of Player Development position .
" Brian 's reputation , his knowledge , everything about him is what you want your kids to be like so he 'll be perfect in that role " " We were fortunate that he became available when he made some changes in Columbus , " said DeBoer .
" I like the fact that he 's a former Florida Panther and he had success here but to be honest with you guys that was way down my list on the criteria for finding a good assistant .
The number one criteria for me was that we were going to have a very young defensive core this year .
The guy had to be a good teacher .
He had to be able to present and know the game .
Had to have a high hockey IQ and a good work ethic and for me he had to have worked under some great coaches and Gord fit every one of those criteria and happened to be a former Panther which was great .
" This is n't a guy that quit playing in the NHL and has n't paid his dues .
He started at the bottom of the totem pole , worked with a whole bunch of different coaches , has done just about everything on a coaching staff that you can do and I really felt a real chemistry when I interviewed him .
"
The duo will be very instrumental in the future of the Cats both on and off the ice .
As the Director of Player Development , Skrudland will travel around the world and meet with prospects and draft picks one - on - one while letting them know what being a pro is all about and what it will take to make it .
" This is more of a one - on - one relationship building , " said Tallon of Skrudland 's position .
" Spending time with the player , the coaches and families and the player one - on - one and dedicating his time to the improvement and maturity of our young players .
" I think the idea is that everyone that 's on our roster and everybody that 's employed for the Florida Panthers to feel like we care about them because we want them to care about us , " said Skrudland .
" And we want this team moving in the right direction and you can't do it individually , you 've got to do it as a group .
" For Murphy , it 's working with the defensemen on the NHL level and helping speed along the growth process .
" His primary duties will be running the defense and working with our young defensemen , " said DeBoer .
" You 've got ( Dmitry ) Kulikov .
You 've got ( Jason ) Garrison .
You 've got ( Keaton ) Ellerby potentially .
Potentially ( Erik ) Gudbranson .
It 's a big job .
For me , maybe the most important job in the franchise going forward with the group we 've got .
" Skrudland and Murphy say they are up for the challenge of returning the Panthers to the much better times .
" We want it to be a place where it 's tough for teams to come in and play , " said Murphy .
" I remember what it was like playing there and having buddies on the other team that in warmup would skate by and say ' take it easy on us tonight ' .
" Between the competitive team and the fan base there , it was a tough environment to play in .
I look forward to trying to pass that along to help that with the team and the players and get that back . "
" I think that 's the biggest point is that we just want our fans to first and foremost be proud of our effort , " said Skrudland .
" If they can come to the rink and spend a couple of hundred bucks on a ticket , they should be entertained .
" I think we 've done the right things .
You look at the people that we 've got in our organization , the people that have maybe been there for a couple of years and want nothing more to get their feet wet in the playoffs .
I think the excitement in Florida is going to be fantastic for this upcoming season and the people in South Florida are excited about our youth . "
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption
The singer 's tumble was captured by an amateur cameraman
US singer Pink was taken to hospital during a gig in Germany after an on - stage stunt went wrong .
The star fell out of a harness which was supposed to carry her across the crowd , instead being dragged into a barricade .
The concert in Nuremberg was halted as the 30 - year - old was taken to hospital to be checked over .
Later , she wrote on Twitter : " Nothing 's broken , no fluid in the lungs , just seriously sore . "
She also apologised to fans for having to cut short her concert .
" To all my nurnberg fans - I am so so so sorry to end the show that way .
I am embarrassed and very sorry .
I 'm in ambulance now but I will b fine , " she wrote .
" Did n't get clipped in2 harness correctly , drug me off stage , fell in2 barricade .
Getting xrays .
I hope it at least looked cool !!! "
Video footage , shot by a member of the crowd , shows the accident and Pink can be heard saying that it " really hurt " .
It also shows her getting back on stage so fans could see she was not seriously injured , but was then taken by ambulance to hospital .
The Funhouse Summer Carnival Tour , which is travelling across Europe , is due to end later this month .
The health - care bill that Congress passed in March contained two surprising new taxes to help pay for the changes : an extra 0.9 % levy on wages for couples earning more than $ 250,000 ( $ 200,000 for singles ) and a new 3.8 % tax on investment income on those same people ( technically , people with " adjusted gross incomes " above those amounts ) .
Each tax signals a radical change in policy .
For workers , the extra 0.9 % levy puts a progressive element in what used to be a totally flat tax .
The 3.8 % tax on investment income also knocks down a longstanding wall by applying a " payroll " tax to unearned income .
Until now , FICA taxes for Social Security and Medicare have applied only to wages , not investment income .
While many details remain unclear and the Internal Revenue Service has n't issued any guidance , here are preliminary answers to the most important questions taxpayers are asking .
These taxes take effect in 2013 , two elections away .
Might they be repealed first ?
Not likely .
" Congress would have to undo the health reform , and budget constraints would still be there , " says Clint Stretch of Deloitte Tax .
" Even if Republicans take control of Congress , President Obama holds the veto pen until Jan. 20 , 2013 . "
I was hopelessly trying all fixes to remove VBA password from my files but all in vain .
I was not getting a solution to this problem .
Then , this Excel VBA password breaker application came to my rescue .
I bought the licensed version of this tool and executed the task of setting new password by replacing the old one .
And I must say it performed all the tasks in just a few minutes .
I was amazed by its excellent performance .
The best thing I liked about this tool is that it has such a simple and easy - to - use interface that even a non-technical user like me did it myself , without any external help .
Now , I have access to my file .
Thanks a lot to the team !
A new national map of the ecosystems of America could help keep healthy species from ending up endangered .
Through ground and satellite surveys of land cover , the U. S. Geological Survey 's Gap Analysis Program has generated data that conservationists may be able to use to create and sustain habitat for wildlife .
" These data are critical for determining the status of biodiversity , as baseline data for assessing climate change impacts , and for predicting the availability of habitat for wildlife , " said John Mosesso , the USGS manager of GAP in a press release .
" Large datasets of this type are extremely important to land and wildlife managers because they allow for analysis and planning across extensive geographic areas . "
While the research and mapping related to endangered species is extensive , the rest of the animals and plants out there – known as common species – get far less attention .
The Endangered Species Act , signed into law by Richard Nixon in 1973 , grants extraordinary protections to plants and animals on the verge of extinction , but it does little for other creatures in an ecosystem .
The Gap Analysis Program is charged with figuring out which common species ' habitats may not be well represented by existing parks and conservation areas .
The only way to do that is to mash up a bunch of data about species and land use .
In addition to the large map above , there is a searchable , zoomable mapping system available .
You can download the data that underpins the visualizations , too .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Tumblr , and forthcoming book on the history of green technology ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
He was n’t the man they were looking for , but he was exactly what they wanted — him and his 2,000 pounds of high - grade marijuana .
Edgar Gonzalez assumed police were looking for him during an unrelated drug raid on the first floor of his three - decker on Wilcock Street in Dorchester Wednesday and tried to flee from the back door , catching the attention of drug officers .
Police were looking for another man , but they were glad to find the ton of marijuana stashed inside his third - floor apartment — an estimated $ 4 million to $ 5 million in street worth .
“ This is the single largest seizure of marijuana in recent memory , ’’ Suffolk District Attorney Daniel F. Conley said yesterday .
“ Detectives said they had n’t seen such a quantity in at least 20 years . ’’
In court , Assistant Suffolk District Attorney Jeremy Bucci said , “ Some was located in a closet , another amount was located in a side room off to the side .
This is , without a doubt , a significant quantity . ’’
Gonzalez was arrested a few streets away from his apartment ; he denied any knowledge of the drugs .
He said he lives with other people in the apartment , but that he did not know who they are .
He also may have used a different name on some occasions — Felix Soto , according to police .
Gonzalez , 40 , was ordered held in lieu of $ 1 million cash bail after his arraignment .
A native of the Dominican Republic , he is also wanted for possible immigration violations by the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement , and will be referred to that agency even if he posts bail .
Prosecutors and Gonzalez ’s own lawyer voiced concern yesterday that he could be in danger if he is released from jail — from envious people who want such access to drugs and money and people angered because they lost out on the drugs and money .
“ With an allegation like this , there ’s always a great possibility that he could become a target , ’’ said his lawyer , Holly Clarke , during Gonzalez ’s brief court appearance yesterday , during which he pleaded not guilty to trafficking marijuana .
“ This arrest should serve as a clear message to those who attempt to disrupt the safety of our neighborhoods , ’’ said Police Commissioner Edward F. Davis .
If convicted , Gonzalez could face up to 15 years in prison , with a mandatory minimum of five years .
Drug detectives with Boston police , State Police , and the FBI had shown up at the Wilcock Street three - decker to execute a search warrant related to a heroin trafficking investigation .
Six locations in and around Boston were searched yesterday as part of that investigation .
Eight people were arrested and officials seized heroin , a firearm , and approximately $ 40,000 in cash in what they called the dismantling of a significant heroin organization .
A SWAT team along with police and federal agents swarmed the Wilcock Street property , targeting the first floor , and were questioning neighbors when they spotted Gonzalez , allegedly fleeing from the top floor .
“ He said he was running because he thought police were coming for him , ’’ Bucci said .
Police said Gonzalez left the door to his apartment open , and they caught a strong whiff of marijuana .
They secured the home and obtained a search warrant .
Yesterday afternoon , they entered and found 40 bales of marijuana , wrapped tightly in plastic and secured in duct tape , in a closet and against a wall .
Authorities said a one - pound sample bag of marijuana was left in the main room .
Police also reported finding scales , packaging materials , and several cellphones .
They also found paperwork in the names of other men .
Gonzalez had a Dominican Republic passport with his photo but in the name of Felix Soto .
Residents along Wilcock Street , off Blue Hill Avenue at the Dorchester and Mattapan line , said yesterday that the apartment has a high turnover rate , and they did not know any of the people involved in the raids .
The street has had troubles before , with shootings and stabbings in recent years .
But they did not expect the discovery of a ton of marijuana .
“ This street is quiet in one way , noisy in another way , but you ’d never have seen that , ’’ said one neighbor , who did not want his name used because of the nature of the crime .
He added , “ I ’m surprised you could n’t smell that down the street . ’’
Milton Valencia can be reached at mvalencia@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
The New Deal still enchants .
It even outdoes Mount Rushmore .
For the fifth time in five surveys , Franklin D. Roosevelt tops a Siena College survey of the best U.S. presidents , the school said Thursday .
Abraham Lincoln , George Washington , Theodore Roosevelt and Thomas Jefferson — the four faces of Mount Rushmore — are all runner - ups , according to 238 historians , presidential scholars and political scientists who participated in the Siena College Research Institute Survey of U.S. Presidents .
Since 1982 , the Loudonville , N.Y. , college has periodically asked scholars to rank American presidents on 20 categories , including imagination , foreign policy accomplishments , and ability to avoid crucial mistakes .
The 2010 survey included President Obama .
He was ranked highly on imagination ( sixth place ) , communication ability ( seventh place ) and intelligence ( eighth place ) , and ended up over all as the 15th best president .
George W. Bush , who ranked 23rd in the 2002 survey , plummeted into the bottom five ( 39th place ) in the 2010 survey .
Mr. Bush was ranked especially poorly in categories of handling the economy , communication , ability to compromise , foreign policy accomplishments and personal intelligence .
Of the other recent presidents , Bill Clinton ranked 13th , Ronald Reagan ranked 18th , George H.W. Bush ranked 22nd , and Jimmy Carter ranked 32nd .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Washington ( CNN ) --
The Justice Department on Tuesday weighed in on one of the most explosive issues in American politics , filing a lawsuit to overturn a tough new Arizona immigration law that has sharply divided people along partisan , ideological and ethnic lines .
It also asked the federal courts to grant an injunction to stop enforcement of the measure before it takes effect late this month .
Arizona 's law requires immigrants to carry their alien registration documents at all times and allows police to question the residency status of people in the course of enforcing another law .
It also targets businesses that hire illegal immigrant laborers or knowingly transport them .
Justice Department lawyers argued that the state statute should be declared invalid because it has improperly preempted federal law .
" In our constitutional system , the power to regulate immigration is exclusively vested in the federal government , " the brief said .
" The immigration framework set forth by Congress and administered by federal agencies reflects a careful and considered balance of national law enforcement , foreign relations , and humanitarian concerns -- concerns that belong to the nation as a whole , not a single state . "
How do you feel about the Arizona immigration law ?
However , Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer said it was " wrong that our own federal government is suing the people of Arizona for helping to enforce federal immigration law . "
" Today 's filing is nothing more than a massive waste of taxpayer funds , " Brewer said in a statement .
" These funds could be better used against the violent Mexican cartels than the people of Arizona . "
The government 's brief said the U.S. Constitution and federal law " do not permit the development of a patchwork of state and local immigration policies throughout the country . "
" Although a state may adopt regulations that have an indirect or incidental effect on aliens , a state may not establish its own immigration policy or enforce state laws in a manner that interferes with federal immigration law , " the brief said .
" The State of Arizona has crossed this constitutional line . "
The brief contends that the Arizona law " disrupts federal enforcement priorities and resources that focus on aliens who pose a threat to national security or public safety .
...
If allowed to go into effect , [ its ] mandatory enforcement scheme will conflict with and undermine the federal government 's careful balance of immigration enforcement priorities and objectives . "
The Justice Department highlighted statements in support of the lawsuit from the sheriff of Arizona 's Santa Cruz County and several Department of Homeland Security officials , among others .
President Barack Obama said in a speech July 1 that the Arizona measure has " fanned the flames of an already contentious debate . "
Among other things , it puts pressure on police officers to enforce rules that are " unenforceable " while making communities less safe -- in part , by making people more reluctant to report crimes , he said .
The law also has " the potential of violating the rights of innocent American citizens and legal residents , making them subject to possible stops or questioning because of what they look like or how they sound . "
Arizona 's two Republican senators , however , immediately blasted the decision to file the lawsuit .
" The American people must wonder whether the Obama administration is really committed to securing the border when it sues a state that is simply trying to protect its people by enforcing immigration law , " Sens.
Jon Kyl and John McCain said in a statement .
The top Republican on the House Judiciary Committee also ripped the decision .
" Not only does this lawsuit reveal the Obama administration 's contempt for immigration laws and the people of Arizona , it reveals contempt for the majority of the American people who support Arizona 's efforts to reduce human smuggling , drug trafficking and illegal immigration , " said Rep. Lamar Smith , R - Texas .
" Arizona 's law simply applies state penalties to acts already illegal under federal law . "
Rep .
Ann Kirkpatrick , D - Arizona , released a statement calling the lawsuit a " sideshow . "
" A court battle between the federal government and Arizona will not move us closer to securing the border or fixing America 's broken immigration system , " she said .
Brewer , a Republican , said the Arizona law was designed " to complement , not supplant , enforcement of federal immigration laws , " and that she would fight the government lawsuit with the help of a legal defense fund set up to pay the legal fees .
" Our laws will be found to be constitutional -- because that is exactly what they are , " Brewer 's statement said .
Obama renewed his push for comprehensive immigration reform last week , calling for bipartisan cooperation on an issue reflecting deep social and political divisions .
Seeking an elusive middle ground on the subject , the president highlighted the importance of immigrants to American history and progress while acknowledging the fear and frustration many feel with a system that he said seems " fundamentally broken . "
He asserted that the majority of Americans are ready to embrace reform legislation that would help resolve the status of an estimated 11 million illegal immigrants .
In his July 1 speech , Obama warned that rounding up everyone in the country who has entered illegally would be both " logistically impossible " and " tear at the fabric of the nation . "
At the same time , the president indicated it would be wrong to offer blanket amnesty for people who came into the United States unlawfully .
Despite Obama 's call for bipartisan immigration reform , several senior Democratic sources said last week they see virtually no chance of Congress taking up such a measure before November 's midterm elections .
A CNN / Opinion Research Corp. national poll conducted in late May showed 57 percent of Americans backing the Arizona law , with 37 percent opposed to it .
The poll also indicated that public support for beefing up security along the U.S. border with Mexico has grown significantly .
According to the survey , nearly nine out of 10 Americans want to increase U.S. law enforcement along the border with Mexico .
Eight in 10 questioned also supported a program that would allow illegal immigrants already in the United States to stay here and apply for legal residency , provided they had a job and paid back taxes .
But only 38 percent say that program should be a higher priority than border security and other get - tough proposals .
Six in 10 said border security was the higher priority .
CNN 's Terry Frieden , Bill Mears and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report
To raze a building is to demolish it so thoroughly that it looks like it ’s been scraped right off the ground with a razor .
To raise a building is just the opposite : to erect it from the ground up .
Back to list of errors
BUY THE BOOK !
Sometimes you have to notice the silences .
Where has Dr. Steve Koonin , Under Secretary for Science at the US Department of Energy , been since the Gulf disaster happened ?
Koonin was intimately acquainted with the very technologies that have failed so spectacularly on the Deepwater Horizon rig in his former job as BP ’s chief scientist .
While his current employer , Barack Obama is trying to figure out ' whose ass to kick ’ over the spill , he might find it instructive to zip back to a presentation by Koonin at MIT in 2005 , in which we see Koonin - as - oilman boasting of his company ’s technological prowess in taking oil exploration and production into the ultra deep waters of the gulf .
In particular , he says that $ 50 million to bore a hole in the gulf ’s seabed will yield a million barrels a day , describing the technical challenges of depth and pressure .
A small note on the bottom of his slide reads ‘ marine environment creates integrity challenges ’ - engineering - speak for ‘ accidents likely ’ .
Known unknowns
Did senior management at BP such as Koonin know that they were pushing the bounds of environmental safety in deploying these ultra - deep water - drilling technologies ?
Of course they did .
But as Koonin ’s MIT presentation makes clear , stretching technological boundaries into risky areas is how BP navigates in an era of peak oil .
Koonin ’s much lauded role at BP was precisely to apply cutting - edge science to the problem of declining oil reserves and growing climate crisis .
Koonin led a team of researchers that would allow for the more economical extraction of hard - to - get oil ( e.g. tar sands , deep water drilling ) .
More significantly , Koonin took a central role in sinking millions of dollars of investment by BP into the new field of extreme genetic engineering known as synthetic biology , where entrepreneurs are building the DNA of entirely novel microbes from scratch in order convert sugar plantations , corn fields and forests into biofuels to keep the car economy gassed up .
It was under Koonin ’s tenure at BP that the oil giant invested an undisclosed sum into Craig Venter ’s Synthetic Genomics
Inc to develop microbes that could be injected into coal seams and tar sands to release methane .
Such methanogenic bacteria exists naturally in parts of the Earth ’s crust but the ecological implications of artificially injecting super powerful methane - creating bugs and the potential for an accidental release of powerful greenhouse gas into the atmosphere has yet to be studied .
Of course BP would counter that their experimental technology would not escape , just like hundreds of thousands of barrels of oil was not expected to gush out of the seabed .
Synthetic organisms
Just over a month ago , Venter announced the ‘ birth ’ of Synthia , the first artificial self - reproducing organism , thereby stimulating further investment in the controversial field and attracting many calls for more regulation and oversight of these new technologies .
If we have learnt one thing out of the BP - Halliburton - Transocean disaster it is this : do not trust those who are profiting from the use of a technology with its safety .
And then there is geo-engineering – the biggest technological gamble of all -- which Koonin and BP see as a viable backup plan .
Geoengineering refers to seemingly outlandish large - scale schemes to re-engineer atmospheric and ocean systems in order to counteract global warming .
Like the massive , improbable - sounding concrete caps , nuclear options and ‘ top kill ’ plans now being played out on the deepwater horizon well head , such schemes have a boyish sci - fi feel to them – dumping iron in the ocean to prompt plankton blooms that would gobble up C02 or whitening clouds to reflect sunlight back to space .
A Plan B for the world
In 2008 David Eyton , BP VP for science and technology announced that a new area of investigation for BP was indeed geo-engineering .
‘ We can not ignore the scale of the challenge , ’ he wrote , ‘and we all need to have a plan B if the world is unable to stabilize greenhouse gas concentrations and the worst of climate change predictions are realized . ’
BP ’s preferred option is a proposal to shoot sulphur particles into the upper atmosphere to mimic the effect of a volcanic plume .
In the case of a large volcanic eruption ( such as Pinatubo in 1991 ) such particles reflect sunlight back to space and significantly reduce the Earth ’s temperature .
Steve Koonin convened a fraternity of a dozen scientists for a week last year in order to look in detail at the technical research agenda of short - wave climate engineering , through the use of stratospheric aerosols .
The study was the first to be sponsored by NOVIM , an outfit that claims to ‘ provide clear scientific options to the most urgent problems … without advocacy or agenda ’ .
The report outlines a decade - long research programme that begins with computers in the lab , and then moves to field experiments to ‘ monitored deployment ’ .
The specific goal of the report is to devise a research agenda that will ‘ diminish risk and uncertainty ’ .
Of course , what constitutes an acceptable risk when referring to the Earth ’s complex , fragile and already out - of - whack climatic systems should be a political , not a mere technical , question .
Oil executives and fishermen are unlikely to respond in the same way .
Governments and peoples from the Northern and Southern hemispheres are also likely to disagree .
Women and men have also been shown to differ on attitudes to risk .
Just as the oil industry is eager to get on with the exploitation of hard - to - reach sources of black gold , an increasingly vocal and well - organised lobby of geoengineers is anxious to get on with testing a variety of climate intervention schemes .
Underlying both is a thinly disguised hubris that the Gulf catastrophe should vividly awake us to .
Both oil and geoengineering have strong connections in Washington , sometimes even in the same people .
To state the obvious , big oil would certainly benefit if the atmosphere could be engineered to withstand higher concentrations of greenhouse gases .
A growing group of citizens are calling for a halt to such experimentation on planet Earth ( see www.handsoffmotherearth.org) and the expanding thick black muck in the Gulf should remind us all to listen to them .
It is too late to prevent this disaster ; not too late to prevent others .
Jim Thomas is research programme manager at the ETC group
During the 20th century , access to cheap and abundant sources of energy helped transform the world in countless ways .
Extraction of fossil fuels led to a massive expansion in economic growth and agricultural production , and was one of the bases of a six - fold increase in human population .
Petroleum , the most sought after fossil fuel , had the largest role in this transformation .
Because of its versatility and liquid form , oil is today the worlds primary transportation fuel ( Heinberg 1 ) and leading source of energy ( Brown 27 ) .
Less than 200 years ago , however , all of the planets food energy was derived from the sun through photosynthesis ( Pimentel , Pimentel & Karpenstein - Machan 3 ) and almost all work was done by human or animal muscle power ( Heinberg 2 ) .
Practically all of our energy presently comes from non-renewable resources whose stocks are being depleted at an ever - faster rate .
The benefits we derive from oil are so numerous and of such great convenience that we have built our entire way of life around its use .
Now we are entering a period of declining oil supplies and rising prices that threaten not only food security for increasing numbers of people globally , but also many aspects of political and economic stability as well -- a new phenomenon for a world that became accustomed to growing supplies of oil and relatively stable prices .
Unless we begin quickly to a move away from fossil fuel dependence to a different energy regime and a radical lifestyle and societal change , the transition to a post - petroleum world could be devastating for Americans and people throughout the world .
Food , the basis of all life , will be at the forefront of this upheaval .
Agriculture is one of many features of modern life that have been drastically altered by the availability of cheap and abundant oil .
The American and most other agri -food systems are almost entirely dependent on fossil fuel energy for everything from food production to transportation to food preparation and storage .
The structure of industrialized agriculture under a capitalist system , aided and abetted by government policies , including that of the United States , has spurred the expansion of farm specialization and consolidation , monocultures , the delocalization of agricultural production , and the adoption of industrial farming practices ( Altieri 78 - 9 ) .
The technological innovations of the Green Revolution drastically reduced a farmers labor input time and greatly increased agricultural yields .
Thanks to modern mechanization , the time input necessary to raise a hectare of corn is 110 times less than that required by hand - produced crops ( Pimentel 464 ) .
Since 1950 , the world grain harvest has more than tripled .
This growth in productivity resulted from a ten - fold increase in fertilizer use , a near tripling of land irrigation , and the development of high yielding crop varieties ( Brown 36 - 7 ) .
Countering the benefits of modern industrialized agriculture is the massive amount of fossil energy needed to power the petroleum - fueled farm machinery and to produce indispensable fertilizers and pesticides .
Increases in production notwithstanding , the shift to industrialized agriculture has brought about a host of ecological and social problems in its wake .
The increase in globalized food production , which has come at the expense of local production , is possible only for as long as cheap energy supplies can subsidize the transportation of goods across long distances .
The price of food will inevitably climb as oil becomes more and more expensive and drives up the cost of production and transportation .
This will disproportionately impact the worlds poor , especially those who depend on food assistance and cheap North American grain .
Only by taking steps toward creating a sustainable food system of a radically new kind can we hope to attenuate the looming crisis in agri-food systems in this country and abroad .
As Patricia Allen argues , any effort to create a truly sustainable food system must take into account the relationships humans have with each other as well as with their environment , which they have molded and influenced in many significant ways ( 1 ) .
Agricultural dependence on fossil fuels is a man-made problem .
It will take not just scientific and ecological solutions but also deep - rooted structural and institutional changes as well as lifestyle changes on the part of individuals , their governments , and societies to transition to a more sustainable , non-petroleum based food system which oil depletion and rising costs will inexorably force on us .
Before dealing with the implications of oil depletion and rising costs for the agri -food system and human survival , a closer look at the dominant role oil plays in the agri - food system is in order .
Oil is a finite natural resource whose global rate of production will eventually peak and begin an inevitable decline .
According to petroleum geologist Colin Campbell , the peak of oil production is passed when about half of the total resources have been extracted .
Richard Heinberg notes that the basic concept of Peak Oil is derived from observations over the past 150 years of all older oil fields which have peaked and then declined in output ( 12 ) .
Indeed , the United States , once the worlds biggest producer of oil , reached its peak of oil extraction in 1970 and has since experienced declining output ( Heinberg 12 ) .
Today , 90 percent of the United States  oil deposits have been extracted and the country , once a net exporter of oil , now imports over 65 percent of its oil ( Pimentel 459 ) .
Worldwide , the discovery of new oil deposits peaked in the 1960s and since 1981 the amount of oil extracted has surpassed the amount discovered by an increasing margin ( Campbell ) .
According to the oil giant ChevronTexaco , 33 of the worlds 48 major oil - producing nations are already experiencing declining production ( Heinberg 13 ) .
There is uncertainty , however , as to when exactly global oil production will reach its peak .
Some experts believe we have already reached Peak Oil while almost all agree that it will occur sometime during the first half of this century .
Although other sources of energy exist , such as nuclear , coal and wind power , none of these can produce liquid fuels .
Some have hailed crop - based ethanol as a replacement for petroleum , but the negatives of ethanol production seriously outweigh any potential benefits .
In 2007 , one - fifth of the United States  entire grain harvest was transformed into ethanol , but the 8.3 billion gallons of ethanol produced that year could only supply less than 4 percent of the countrys automotive fuel ( Brown 39 ) .
Moreover , it takes 65 percent more energy to produce 1000 liters of ethanol than the energy that is derived from those 1000 liters .
Thus , ethanol production has a negative energy balance ( Pimentel et al. 15 -6 ) .
Diverting a large portion of the U.S. grain harvest to ethanol production has serious ramifications for the worlds poor .
Worldwide , grain prices have increased dramatically , with the price of wheat more than doubling in 2007 , setting off food riots in countries across the globe that same year ( Brown 40 ) .
Ethanol production in its current form has no place in sustainable agriculture because it actually presents a net energy loss and because it is pricing food out of reach for the worlds poorest people .
In 2002 , the U.S. food system consumed 17 percent of the countrys total fossil fuel use ( Eshel & Martin 2 ) .
The availability of seemingly unending fossil fuel resources has led to the highly unsustainable situation whereby  the U.S. food system consumes ten times more energy than it produces in food energy  ( Pfeiffer 4 ) .
Much of the food systems heavy dependence on fossil fuels stems from the capitalist structure under which it operates .
United States government policies have also encouraged the expansion of large corporate farms and farm specialization by subsidizing over production and the export of goods to international markets .
Although large specialized farm owners benefit from economies of scale , they must in turn increase their use of synthetic chemical inputs and petroleum fueled farm machinery , creating a serious dependence on fossil fuels .
The use of synthetic fertilizers accounts for 20 percent of energy use on American farms ( Brown 34 ) , and annually one billion pounds of pesticides are applied to farms across the nation ( Pimentel 463 ) .
The dramatic increase in urbanization over the past century , coupled with a move away from mixed farming systems in favor of concentrated animal feeding operations ( CAFOs ) has deprived farms of natural sources of fertilizer and resulted in the massive expansion of commercial fertilizer use ( Pimentel 464 ) .
The capitalist system encourages the food systems unhealthy reliance on fossil fuels because as long as oil is cheap and plentiful , large profits can be made by ensuring the system remains unsustainable .
Farming itself is the least profitable and least energy intensive segment of the entire economy of agriculture .
Of the roughly 2,000 liters of oil required per year to feed each American ( Pimentel 459 ) , only one - fifth of that energy is actually used for agriculture , with the rest going toward transport , processing , packaging , marketing , and food preparation and storage ( Brown 35 ) .
The transformation of farm products into consumer commodities , along with the provision of farm inputs , are the biggest moneymakers in the American food system , and not surprisingly , the sectors dominated by large agrifood corporations .
Farmers operating under the capitalist system must sell their products on the open market , which usually means selling to the large transnational corporations that dominate the market .
Similarly , there are a handful of large companies that produce the fossil fuel - dependent farm inputs purchased by American farmers .
Today , farming only accounts for 10 percent of the total food dollar , while 25 percent pays for farm inputs and 65 percent for transportation , processing and marketing ( Lewontin 95 ) .
A century ago , the value added by farming was closer to 40 percent of the food dollar and most farm inputs were produced by the farmers themselves by using draft animal power , storing seeds , and using animal manure for fertilizer ( Lewontin 95 ) .
The dramatic rise in monocultures and the increasingly globalized scale of agricultural production have essentially destroyed the localized food infrastructure in the United States .
For example , in 1870 almost all the apples consumed in Iowa were produced locally , but a little over a century later that number had dropped to 15 percent ( Pfeiffer 25 ) .
In the United States today , less than five percent of food is locally produced ( Pfeiffer 68 ) , and so our food travels an average of 1,500 miles before being consumed ( Pimentel 467 ) .
The transportation of food from farm gate to dinner plate constitutes 14 percent of the energy used in the entire food system ( Brown 35 ) .
Transporting a head of lettuce from California to New York City by refrigerated truck requires 4,140 kcal of fuel per head of lettuce , while actually growing the head of lettuce consumes only 750 kcal of fossil energy ( Pimentel 467 - 8 ) .
Given that 90 percent of global transportation is fueled by oil or oil by - products ( Heinberg 4 ) , declining oil supplies will most likely impede the transportation of produce internationally , and even across the United States .
Fresh produce imports from the Southern Hemisphere will likely be one of the first casualties of rising fuel prices .
Ultimately , higher transportation costs will be reflected in the price of goods , placing many of the items we enjoy today out of the reach of a majority of people .
On the surface , the United States might appear to be food secure , but a cutoff in transportation would lead to serious local shortages of food and other goods .
Oil production will inevitably decline and eventually come to a halt once all accessible oil deposits have been exploited .
As this trend intensifies , industrial agriculture in its current form will become impossible .
Already , since 1985 , fertilizer production worldwide has declined by 23 percent because of fuel shortages and high prices ( Pimentel et al. 12 ) .
This downward trend will likely continue as petroleum becomes increasingly expensive .
Sadly , much of the worlds soil has been so degraded by the use of chemical fertilizers and pesticides that without the continued use of these synthetic inputs , the land cannot produce yields large enough to feed the worlds population ( Heinberg 5 ) .
One study has shown that in the United States , soil is being lost at a rate 10 times faster than it can naturally be replaced ( Hough ) .
Fossil fuel fed irrigation is leading to water scarcity as countries overpump their underground aquifers to the point of depletion .
Irrigation currently accounts for 70 percent of all water use and 19 percent of farm energy use in the United States ( Brown 69 ) .
Once groundwater sources are largely depleted , the amount of land available for cultivation will diminish substantially .
Another limiting factor of post - peak agricultural production is population growth .
Over the past decade the per capita availability of cropland has declined by 20 percent worldwide ( Pimentel 461 ) , and still , 78 million people are added to the planet each year .
It will prove increasingly difficult to feed the world with diminishing fertile land and water resources .
Ironically , while 862 million people in the world suffer from hunger and malnutrition , another approximately 1.6 billion people suffer from excessive caloric intake ( Brown 107 ) .
In the United States , it is usually the most marginalized among us , the poor and minority groups , who experience obesity and a lack of nutritious food in their diets .
The sale of processed food , which makes up 82 to 92 percent of food sales , is entirely subsidized by fossil fuels .
By exploiting the availability of cheap energy , the agri -food industry has created a situation in which the most processed , energy intensive food is also the cheapest .
The average American consumes a diet of 3,747 kcal a day , which is greatly in excess of the FDA recommended intake of 2,000 to 2,5000 kcal per day ( Pimentel 459 ) .
By simply reducing their caloric intake and consuming less processed food , Americans could greatly reduce the fossil fuel energy used in food production .
Of course , in order to be able to start eating healthier , everyone must have access to nutritious foods , which is not the case in the current agri -food system .
Another potential energy savings could come from a transition to diets that are lower in meat and dairy consumption and more seasonally based .
Currently , one third of the calories in a typical American diet come from animal sources ( Pfeiffer 22 ) .
A strictly vegetarian diet of equivalent caloric intake , however , consumes 33 percent less fossil fuel energy ( Pimentel 459 ) .
These are only a few of the simple lifestyle changes that Americans could adopt to reduce their consumption of fossil fuels .
On small farms across the country , agricultural techniques are being implemented to reduce dependence on fossil fuels .
Harking back to the days of pre-industrialized agriculture , some people have advocated a return to the use of draft animals as a replacement for fuel powered farm machinery .
In a post - petroleum world , animal and human muscle power could very well be the most accessible forms of agricultural labor power .
Although one horse can help manage 25 acres of farmland a year , that one horse in turn requires one acre of pastureland and 1.5 acres of hayland for its maintenance ( Pimentel 464 ) .
Furthermore , the additional land that would be required to grow food for draft animals is currently being cultivated to produce food for humans .
This needed cropland for draft animals will come from that presently reserved for humans .
Nevertheless , an increasing number of farmers across the country are choosing to adopt organic farming techniques .
In the organic farming system , the need for synthetic fertilizers and pesticides is replaced by the use of crop rotation and leguminous cover crops , which naturally replenishes nutrients back into the soil .
The application of compost and manure produced on the farm can replace the need for synthetic fertilizers to a large degree .
Moreover , a shift to minimum and no-till agricultural practices on about two fifths of U.S. cropland has helped reduce direct use of petroleum based fuel on American farms by 3.5 billion gallons from 1973 to 2005 ( Brown 34 ) .
Although the knowledge needed to transition to localized , sustainable agriculture exists , the current structure of power relations and resource control in the United States prevents the widespread move away from fossil fuel based agriculture .
Those in positions of power within the United States government and in agribusiness have no interest in altering a system from which they greatly benefit .
Without a change in the status quo , however , small local and sustainable producers will have a difficult time competing against the fossil fuel subsidized overproduction of agribusiness which finds its way into our grocery stores .
The adoption of sustainable agriculture can only be truly transformational if we broaden its scope to focus on the relationship between social , economic and ecological factors within the agri -food system .
In order to move away from conventional agriculture , it is necessary to understand why it functions the way it does and who are the winners and losers in the equation .
Sustainable agriculture is not just about practicing organic farming techniques , but rather it is a way to address the structural inequalities in the current agri-food system and to guarantee that all people have access to nutritious and affordable food .
Although this vision of sustainable agriculture might seem Utopian and unrealistic given the current nature of things , it is the only acceptable way to ensure the wellbeing of the planet and its inhabitants .
The fact of the matter is that the present agricultural system cannot be maintained for much longer .
Decreasing oil production and rising oil prices will effectively bankrupt the American agri -food system .
Without petroleum and all of its benefits , there will be little choice but to revert to a system of local , organic production and consumption .
The experience of Cuba with peak oil could possibly serve as a model for a transition to post - peak agricultural production .
Cuba , which lost the majority of its oil imports and half of its food imports with the collapse of the USSR , now produces almost all of its food organically ( Pfeiffer 56 ) .
Urban gardens are an important source of produce , providing over 60 percent of the vegetables consumed by Cubans ( Pfeiffer 61 ) .
The example of Cuba shows that it is possible to feed an entire nation with organic agriculture , but it also demonstrates the hardships involved in moving away from fossil fuels .
In the first few years after the Soviet Unions collapse , the average Cubans daily caloric intake decreased by 36 percent and protein consumption by 40 percent , while undernourishment increased by 15 percent ( Pfeiffer 57 ) .
It must be noted that Cuban government policies played a critical role in helping to ensure that the collapse of industrialized agriculture did not turn catastrophic .
There has also been a change in attitude towards farming amongst the Cuban people .
Cubans now see farming as an important and profitable endeavor and many families have migrated to rural areas to become farmers or have started urban gardens ( Pfeiffer 60 ) .
Peak oil is a real phenomenon with the potential to turn our entire world upside down .
Modern industrialized agriculture is headed for disaster and unless we begin immediately to change our patterns of agricultural production and consumption , many people will suffer .
At the individual level , a lifestyle change is needed whereby we start to consume local products , rely less on oil - powered modes of transportation , eat lower on the food chain , have fewer children and reconnect with the land by participating in the growing of our own food .
Structurally there ought to be a return to localized , small - scale photosynthesis - based , appropriate - tech agricultural production and an end to the domination of economic and power structures that place profit above all else .
Broad based culture change will be a necessary component of any successful transition to a post - petroleum world .
We can no longer afford to live isolated from one another and from nature .
Of course , the rate of oil depletion is an unknown variable , and as Richard Heinberg observes the time interval before peak oil occurs will likely be too short to painlessly adapt to a new energy regime and way of life ( 3 ) .
However , if the United States , which is the worlds top oil consumer , can drastically reduce its use of oil , we might be able to buy time for the world to transition to a post - petroleum era ( Brown 45 ) .
Clearly , weaning ourselves off of our addiction to oil will not be easy , but the alternative will be much worse .
Shirin Fatemeh Wertime , a 2010 Boren Scholarship winner , wrote this report for a sociology class at College of William and Mary , course # SOCL 440 , on 5/11/10 .
She is the daughter of John Wertime , whose review of Robert Engelman 's book More : Population , Nature , and What Women Want appears on Culture Change .
* * * * * Bibliography Allen , Patricia .
1993 .
Connecting the Social and Ecological in Sustainable Agriculture .
In ( ed. ) P. Allen Food for the Future .
New York : John Wiley , 1 - 16 .
Altieri , Miguel A. 2000 .
Ecological Impacts of Industrial Agriculture and the Possibilities for Truly Sustainable Farming .
In ( eds . ) F.Magdoff , J.B. Foster and F. H. Buttel , Hungry for Profit : The Agribusiness Threat to Farmers , Food and the Environment .
New York : Monthly Review , 77 - 92 .
Brown , Lester Russell .
Plan B 3.0 : Mobilizing to save Civilization .
New York : W. W. Norton , 2008 .
Campbell , Colin J. " About Peak Oil . " ASPO International | The Association for the Study of Peak Oil and Gas. Web. .
Eshel , Gidon , and Pamel Martin .
" Diet , Energy and Global Warming . "
Earth Interactions ( 2005 ) : 1 -36 .
Heinberg , Richard .
The Oil Depletion Protocol .
New Society , 2006 .
Hough , Andrew .
" Britain Facing Food Crisis as World 's Soil ' vanishes in 60 Years ' - Telegraph . "
Telegraph.co.uk : News , Business , Sport , the Daily Telegraph Newspaper , Sunday Telegraph - Telegraph .
3 Feb. 2010 .
Web. Lewontin , R.C. 2000 .
The Maturing of Capitalist Agriculture : Farmer as Proletarian .
In ( eds . ) F.Magdoff , J.B. Foster and F. H. Buttel , Hungry for Profit : The Agribusiness Threat to Farmers , Food and the Environment .
New York : Monthly Review , 93 -106 .
Pfeiffer , Dale Allen .
Eating Fossil Fuels : Oil , Food and the Coming Crisis in Agriculture .
Gabriola Island , BC : New Society , 2006 .
Pimentel , David , Marcia Pimentel , and Marianne Karpenstein - Machan .
" Energy Use in Agriculture : An Overview . " ( 1998 ) : 1 -32 .
Pimentel , David , Sean Williamson , Courtney Alexander , Omar Gonzalez - Pagan , Caitlin Kontak , and Steven Mulkey .
" Reducing Energy Inputs in the US Food System . "
Human Ecology 36 ( 2008 ) : 459-71 .
In 1965 , my mother was the only female engineering student in her class in Germany .
There were no ladies ’ toilets except in the basement , where the cleaners had their lockers , and her professor urged her to find a husband quickly so she would n’t fail the exams .
Feminism in those days was pretty clear - cut :
It was about women closing ranks to battle blatant sexism , get an education and go to work .
It was , as my mother said recently , “ about women pushing into the world of men . ”
The feminism of the future is shaping up to be about pulling men into women ’s universe — as involved dads , equal partners at home and ambassadors for gender equality from the cabinet office to the boardroom .
In the early 21st century , women in the developed world find themselves in a peculiar place .
With boys failing in school and working - class men losing their jobs to the economic crisis , pundits predict not just The Death of Macho ( Foreign Policy , September 2009 ) but The End of Men ( The Atlantic , July / August 2010 ) .
Gardening can be physically - demanding work .
Whether you ’re weeding , planting or harvesting , almost every garden - related task seems to involve kneeling down and / or bending forward – definitely not so easy on the knees or the back .
For commercial garden workers , however , help could be on the way .
Two Australian inventors have come up with a product they call the Wunda Weeder , which allows workers to lie down as they tend to the crops .
The Wunda Weeder was invented by environmental scientist Brendan Corry , and electronics expert Peter Sargent .
The device itself is a four - wheeled metal frame , with a stretcher - like bed on the bottom , and a sunshade / rain cover and solar panel assembly on top .
For wind protection , or if the sunlight or rain are coming in at an angle , there are side shades that can be lowered .
Inventor Brendan Corry demonstrating his Wunda Weeder
The user lies face - down on the bed , with their forehead on an adjustable headrest , and their arms free to dangle down and toil in the row of plants below .
The bed ’s elevation can be adjusted , depending on the crop and the activity .
When the user wants to move ahead , they just use a hand lever to activate the solar - powered electric motor , which can also go in reverse .
To move the device from one area to another , the user can walk behind it while still operating the motor , via its “ walk switch . ”
Corry and Sargent estimate that the Wunda Weeder could increase farm productivity threefold , and that its projected price of under AU$ 9,000 ( US $ 7,920 ) would be made back in under one year .
Via The New Inventors .
Legal Junk
All characters TM and © their respective owners .
All artwork © Chris Samnee , and may not be republished elsewhere without express written permission prior to publishing .
My Publishers
Awesome Comic Creators
A man who violently shook his toddler and then threw the girl in front of a moving car was arrested by an off - duty Oakland police officer who witnessed the incident and hailed a citizen 's vehicle to help chase him down , police said Sunday .
The officer , whose name was not released , was off - duty and on foot when he saw a man later identified as John Taylor Jr. , 21 , yelling in the middle of Fifth Avenue near East 15th Street around 5:40 p.m. Saturday .
Telegraph
RELATED :
Telegraph
A comprehensive list of French citizens who collaborated with the Nazis , which has been hidden in a police basement since the liberation of Paris , will be published online for all to see , reported the Wednesday .
The publication followed a ruling by France 's highest court that last year that French collaborators were not forced to help the Nazis , but did so willingly .
The documents are under a special classification order which prohibits their publication for 75 years after 1940 .
The order will expire in 2015 , at which point the first of the documents will be released .
Thereported that every police log , including details of arrest , fines , and interviews will be published .
The documents are also expected to reveal details about the roles of the Brigade Speciale , which was France 's unit that hunted guerrilla fighters and enemies of the Nazis .
Following the occupation of France , the Vichy government aided Germany in the murder of Jews , socialists , homosexuals , and gypsies .
Over 70,000
Jews were deported from France to German death camps during the war .
France first spoke out about the French role aiding the Nazis in 1995 , when then - French president Jacques Chirac said “ the criminal folly of the occupiers was seconded by the French , by the French state . ”
This year sees London play host to two major festivals of celebration .
Firstly , the Olympics is coming to town .
Much has been made of this , ...
Since yesterday ’s Israeli military attack on a flotilla heading to Gaza , the White House has been walking a tightrope trying to keep their comments about it as neutral as possible .
Even their neutrality , however , was questioned today by none other than Helen Thomas , who put Press Secretary Robert Gibbs in a tough spot by railing against the Obama administration for not calling the event a “ deliberate massacre ” and more concretely confronting the Israeli government .
Thomas , clearly fuming , gave Gibbs a bit of a lesson in Loaded Questions 101 :
“ The initial reaction to the flotilla massacre , deliberate massacre , an international crime , was pitiful .
What do you mean you regret something that should be so strongly condemned , and if any other nation in the world had done it , we would have been up in arms ?
What is this ironclad relationship where a country that deliberately kills people and boycotts every aid and abet … the boycott ? ”
Gibbs tried to interrupt the incensed Thomas a couple of times , but finally let her finish the question before answering that he believed the White House response initially regretting the loss of life without taking a stand on either side was appropriate , since they want to have a complete set of information before condemning anyone in such a delicate incident .
“ Nothing can bring them back , ” Gibbs responded , referring to the victims , but he said the administration believes “ that a credible and transparent investigation has to look into the facts , and as I said earlier , we are open to international participation in that investigation . ”
Video from the White House briefing below :
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
Advertisement
Quick anatomy lesson : the distance between your eyes is one - tenth the length of your arm .
This is important , because it helps you estimate the distance between yourself and any object of reasonably known size to a rather accurate degree .
Let 's begin this with a confession : I can't estimate distances worth a darn .
100 ft , 300 ft , 20 m , I can't really do it .
Thankfully with this trick , we can get pretty accurate distance estimates with only the tiniest bit of math , a general idea of the size of the object you 're estimating distance from , and an arm .
Advertisement
Basically , all you need to do to estimate a distance using this classic method is hold your arm out and stare at your thumb with an eye closed .
Silly , yes , but it makes sense , because you 'll switch which eye you look through and sort out how far the object appears to have " jumped " to the side :
How far did it move ?
( Be sure to sight the same edge of your thumb when you switch eyes . )
Let 's say it jumped about five times the width of the barn , or about 500 feet .
Now multiply that figure by the handy constant 10 ( the ratio of the length of your arm to the distance between your eyes ) , and you get the distance between you and the barn — 5,000 feet , or about one mile .
Easy enough , and from a few quick tests with known distances , it appears to be accurate enough for ballpark figures .
The Old Farmer 's Almanac has been around for as long as we recall , but it is still a great source for MacGyver - style tricks , even if this particular one requires no pens , matchboxes , or staples .
Take a look at the link for more details on this estimation " rule " and others and be sure to stop in the comments to share your oldie - but - goodie sort of tricks .
Thanks ,
TechTalk WRLR 98.3 FM !
Advertisement
How to Easily Estimate Distances [ Almanac ]
Full Frame features photo essays and conversations with photographers in the field .
La Oroya is a mining town in the Peruvian Andes .
It is also one of the world ’s 10 most polluted places , according to the Blacksmith Institute .
Of its 12,000 children , 99.7 percent have blood lead levels that exceed acceptable limits .
The American - owned smelter , Doe Run Company , one of the world ’s largest lead producers , is accused of polluting the city since 1997 .
Lead poisoning is particularly harmful to the mental development of children .
It causes irreversible central nervous system damage , behavioral problems , anemia and developmental delays , especially in children .
In fact , there are studies that show that children in the womb already have lead in their blood .
In other words , even before being born , the kids of La Oroya are condemned .
The most affected children live in La Oroya Antigua , a neighborhood clinging to a hillside directly opposite the smelter , where residents climb steep staircases to reach homes that lack running water or sewer hookups .
The corporation has become a part of the community .
La Oroya ’s economy revolves around the smelter , which employs about 3,500 people directly .
Many others work for companies that provide services to the plant or have relatives who work there .
Thus , the whole town has to face a wicked paradox : Doe Run provides its livelihood but also is poisoning it .
The history of the degradation of La Oroya 's environment began in 1922 with the introduction of a metallurgic complex belonging to the U.S. Cerro de Pasco Copper Corporation .
The complex was nationalized by Peru 's military government in 1974 , and then privatized again in 1997 .
It was at this point that Doe Run , an affiliate of the Renco Group , bought La Oroya complex .
In August 2009 , the Inter - American Commission on Human Rights accepted the case against Peru for human rights violations in La Oroya .
It “ considers that the alleged deaths and / or health effects of the presumed victims are a consequence of acts and omissions by the State with regard to environmental pollution arising from the multi-metal complex operating in La Oroya . ”
For miles around the plant , high levels of lead can be found four to five inches into the topsoil .
Even if all the pollution controls are successful , no one knows how much long - term damage has been done to La Oroya ’s children .
About the photographer :
Gustavo Jononovich is a freelance photographer currently based in Buenos Aires .
He began his studies in photography in 2002 .
After two years covering local news as a contract photographer in the Argentine media he went freelance .
Far away from breaking news , he is now working on a long - term personal documentary project , his first book , about the role that Latin America plays in the world as a center for the extraction of natural resources , documenting the impacts on its population and environment .
A 10 - year - old boy has been named grand marshal for a gay - pride parade this weekend – prompting a family - advocacy group to call the decision " child abuse " and urge the local mayor to withdraw city support for the event .
The American Family Association spoke out against Will Phillips ' scheduled participation Saturday in the Northwest Arkansas Pride parade in Fayetteville , Ark .
" It 's shameful that adults would abuse a brainwashed child in this way , " AFA President Tim Wildmon wrote in a press release .
" He 's obviously just parroting the nonsense he 's been told by manipulative adults .
For gay activists to trot out this child and make him the poster child for promoting unnatural sexual expression is a form of child abuse . "
2008 Northwest Arkansas Pride parade in Fayetteville , Ark. ( Photo : NWA Pride )
2008 Northwest Arkansas Pride
parade in Fayetteville , Ark. ( Photo : NWA Pride )
TRENDING : The Bidens avoided paying more than $ 500,000 in payroll taxes by exploiting S corporations
The AFA called on Fayetteville Mayor Lioneld Jordan to cancel his plans to issue a proclamation celebrating " homosexual behavior and gay pride . "
However , despite hundreds of e-mails urging him to cancel , Jordan still plans to extend the city 's support and deliver the proclamation , the Fayetteville Flyer reported .
Fayetteville Communication Director Lindsley Smith told the paper the activities will go on as scheduled .
" The mayor is still excited , " Smith said .
" Everything 's still on . "
Joney Harper , director of operations for Northwest Arkansas Pride and a person with a masculine voice and feminine - looking breasts , told KFSM - TV , " The fact that he is 10 years old and he's so outspoken is a big positive not only for our community but the state as well as the country to show that our children in this country are actually smarter than we give them credit for . "
A reporter asked Harper if he 's worried about backlash from the community for choosing the boy to be grand marshal .
He responded , " We 're not San Francisco or New York or something like that .
We 're pretty much a family affair , so we figure it 's pretty safe for him to be there . "
Phillips ' father and mother said they 're honored , proud and not worried about criticism .
His father said in the last six months Phillips has traveled across the country and spoken to thousands of people .
" I 'm a person .
I may be 10 , but I 'm a person , " said Phillips , who declared himself an ambassador for equal rights .
The boy made headlines in 2009 when the fifth - grader publicly refused to pledge allegiance to the U.S. flag until gays and lesbians have " equal " rights and are allowed to marry .
" I was analyzing the meanings of [ the Pledge of Allegiance ] because I want to be a lawyer , " he told CNN during a television interview .
" I looked at the end , and it said ' liberty and justice for all , ' and there really is n't liberty and justice for all .
Gays and lesbians can't marry .
There 's still a lot of racism and sexism in the world . "
2008 Northwest Arkansas Pride
parade in Fayetteville , Ark. ( Photo : NWA Pride )
Will Phillips at GLAAD awards ( Photo : GLAAD )
Phillips said , when his substitute teacher asked him to stand for the pledge , he refused : " I eventually – very solemnly with a little bit of malice in my voice – said , ' Ma'am , with all due respect , you can go jump off a bridge . ' "
His father sat beside his son , smiling during the CNN interview .
" [ T ] his was n't a typical act of juvenile delinquency , " the father said .
" This was a very atypical act of juvenile delinquency . "
While Phillips said he wrote a letter of apology to the teacher , he said he 's grown up with " a lot of people and ( is ) good friends with a lot of people that are gay . "
Asked what it will take for him to return to saying the Pledge of Allegiance , the boy replied , " For there to truly be liberty and justice for all .
That entails everyone being able to marry . "
In March this year , Phillips accepted a media award from the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation , for outstanding TV journalism segment , after his " Why Will wo n't pledge alliance " appearance on CNN .
He took the stage at the Times Square Marriott accompanied by his parents and included a " message for President Obama . "
" My voice is small , but has gone far , and with hope has done much good , " he said .
" I think the bully pulpit of your office could go farther and with help do much more . "
The following is a video of his acceptance speech posted on YouTube :
( Editor 's note : Concerned individuals may contact Fayetteville Mayor Lioneld Jordan by calling ( 479 ) 575-8330 or by e-mail and / or contact members of the Fayetteville City Council . )
Mindfulness meditation from the Theravada tradition for the spiritual development of people of all faiths & none .
Online courses & support since 1997
Mindfulness in Plain English by Bhante Gunaratana
Chapter 1
MEDITATION : WHY BOTHER ?
Meditation is not easy .
It takes time and it takes energy .
It also takes grit , determination and discipline .
It requires a host of personal qualities which we normally regard as unpleasant and which we like to avoid whenever possible .
We can sum it all up in the American word ' gumption ' .
Meditation takes ' gumption ' .
It is certainly a great deal easier just to kick back and watch television .
So why bother ?
Why waste all that time and energy when you could be out enjoying yourself ?
Why bother ?
Simple .
Because you are human .
And just because of the simple fact that you are human , you find yourself heir to an inherent unsatisfactoriness in life which simply will not go away .
You can suppress it from your awareness for a time .
You can distract yourself for hours on end , but it always comes back -- usually when you least expect it .
All of a sudden , seemingly out of the blue , you sit up , take stock , and realize your actual situation in life .
There you are , and you suddenly realize that you are spending your whole life just barely getting by .
You keep up a good front .
You manage to make ends meet somehow and look OK from the outside .
But those periods of desperation , those times when you feel everything caving in on you , you keep those to yourself .
You are a mess .
And you know it .
But you hide it beautifully .
Meanwhile , way down under all that you just know there has got be some other way to live , some better way to look at the world , some way to touch life more fully .
You click into it by chance now and then .
You get a good job .
You fall in love .
You win the game .
and for a while , things are different .
Life takes on a richness and clarity that makes all the bad times and humdrum fade away .
The whole texture of your experience changes and you say to yourself , " OK , now I 've made it ; now I will be happy " .
But then that fades , too , like smoke in the wind .
You are left with just a memory .
That and a vague awareness that something is wrong .
But there is really another whole realm of depth and sensitivity available in life , somehow , you are just not seeing it .
You wind up feeling cut off .
You feel insulated from the sweetness of experience by some sort of sensory cotton .
You are not really touching life .
You are not making it again .
And then even that vague awareness fades away , and you are back to the same old reality .
The world looks like the usual foul place , which is boring at best .
It is an emotional roller coaster , and you spend a lot of your time down at the bottom of the ramp , yearning for the heights .
So what is wrong with you ?
Are you a freak ?
No .
You are just human .
And you suffer from the same malady that infects every human being .
It is a monster inside all of us , and it has many arms : Chronic tension , lack of genuine compassion for others , including the people closest to you , feelings being blocked up , and emotional deadness .
Many , many arms .
None of us is entirely free from it .
We may deny it .
We try to suppress it .
We build a whole culture around hiding from it , pretending it is not there , and distracting ourselves from it with goals and projects and status .
But it never goes away .
It is a constant undercurrent in every thought and every perception ; a little wordless voice at the back of the head saying , " Not good enough yet .
Got to have more .
Got to make it better .
Got to be better . "
It is a monster , a monster that manifests everywhere in subtle forms .
Go to a party .
Listen to the laughter , that brittle - tongued voice that says fun on the surface and fear underneath .
Feel the tension , feel the pressure .
Nobody really relaxes .
They are faking it .
Go to a ball game .
Watch the fan in the stand .
Watch the irrational fit of anger .
Watch the uncontrolled frustration bubbling forth from people that masquerades under the guise of enthusiasm , or team spirit .
Booing , cat - calls and unbridled egotism in the name of team loyalty .
Drunkenness , fights in the stands .
These are the people trying desperately to release tension from within .
These are not people who are at peace with themselves .
Watch the news on TV .
Listen to the lyrics in popular songs .
You find the same theme repeated over and over in variations .
Jealousy , suffering , discontent and stress .
Life seems to be a perpetual struggle , some enormous effort against staggering odds .
And what is our solution to all this dissatisfaction ?
We get stuck in the ' If only ' syndrome .
If only I had more money , then I would be happy .
If only I can find somebody who really loves me , if only I can lose 20 pounds , if only I had a color TV , Jacuzzi , and curly hair , and on and on forever .
So where does all this junk come from and more important , what can we do about it ?
It comes from the conditions of our own minds .
It is deep , subtle and pervasive set of mental habits , a Gordian knot which we have built up bit by bit and we can unravel just the same way , one piece at a time .
We can tune up our awareness , dredge up each separate piece and bring it out into the light .
We can make the unconscious conscious , slowly , one piece at a time .
The essence of our experience is change .
Change is incessant .
Moment by moment life flows by and it is never the same .
Perpetual alteration is the essence of the perceptual universe .
A thought springs up in your head and half a second later , it is gone .
In comes another one , and that is gone too .
A sound strikes your ears and then silence .
Open your eyes and the world pours in , blink and it is gone .
People come into your life and they leave again .
Friends go , relatives die .
Your fortunes go up and they go down .
Sometimes you win and just as often you lose .
It is incessant : change , change , change .
No two moments ever the same .
There is not a thing wrong with this .
It is the nature of the universe .
But human culture has taught us some odd responses to this endless flowing .
We categorize experiences .
We try to stick each perception , every mental change in this endless flow into one of three mental pigeon holes .
It is good , or it is bad , or it is neutral .
Then , according to which box we stick it in , we perceive with a set of fixed habitual mental responses .
If a particular perception has been labeled ' good ' , then we try to freeze time right there .
We grab onto that particular thought , we fondle it , we hold it , we try to keep it from escaping .
When that does not work , we go all - out in an effort to repeat the experience which caused that thought .
Let us call this mental habit ' grasping ' .
Over on the other side of the mind lies the box labeled ' bad ' .
When we perceive something ' bad ' , we try to push it away .
We try to deny it , reject it , get rid of it any way we can .
We fight against our own experience .
We run from pieces of ourselves .
Let us call this mental habit ' rejecting ' .
Between these two reactions lies the neutral box .
Here we place the experiences which are neither good nor bad .
They are tepid , neutral , uninteresting and boring .
We pack experience away in the neutral box so that we can ignore it and thus return our attention to where the action is , namely our endless round of desire and aversion .
This category of experience gets robbed of its fair share of our attention .
Let us call this mental habit ' ignoring ' .
The direct result of all this lunacy is a perpetual treadmill race to nowhere , endlessly pounding after pleasure , endlessly fleeing from pain , endlessly ignoring 90 percent of our experience .
Then wondering why life tastes so flat .
In the final analysis , it 's a system that does not work .
No matter how hard you pursue pleasure and success , there are times when you fail .
No matter how fast you flee , there are times when pain catches up with you .
And in between those times , life is so boring you could scream .
Our minds are full of opinions and criticisms .
We have built walls all around ourselves and we are trapped with the prison of our own likes and dislikes .
We suffer .
Suffering is a big word in Buddhist thought .
It is a key term and it should be thoroughly understood .
The Pali word is ' dukkha ' , and it does not just mean the agony of the body .
It means the deep , subtle sense of unsatisfactoriness which is a part of every mental treadmill .
The essence of life is suffering , said the Buddha .
At first glance this seems exceedingly morbid and pessimistic .
It even seems untrue .
After all , there are plenty of times when we are happy .
Are n't there ?
No , there are not .
It just seems that way .
Take any moment when you feel really fulfilled and examine it closely .
Down under the joy , you will find that subtle , all - pervasive undercurrent of tension , that no matter how great the moment is , it is going to end .
No matter how much you just gained , you are either going to lose some of it or spend the rest of your days guarding what you have got and scheming how to get more .
And in the end , you are going to die .
In the end , you lose everything .
It is all transitory .
Sounds pretty bleak , does n't it ?
Luckily it 's not ; not at all .
It only sounds bleak when you view it from the level of ordinary mental perspective , the very level at which the treadmill mechanism operates .
Down under that level lies another whole perspective , a completely different way to look at the universe .
It is a level of functioning where the mind does not try to freeze time , where we do not grasp onto our experience as it flows by , where we do not try to block things out and ignore them .
It is a level of experience beyond good and bad , beyond pleasure and pain .
It is a lovely way to perceive the world , and it is a learnable skill .
It is not easy , but is learnable .
Happiness and peace .
Those are really the prime issues in human existence .
That is what all of us are seeking .
This often is a bit hard to see because we cover up those basic goals with layers of surface objectives .
We want food , we want money , we want sex , possessions and respect .
We even say to ourselves that the idea of ' happiness ' is too abstract : " Look , I am practical .
Just give me enough money and I will buy all the happiness I need " .
Unfortunately , this is an attitude that does not work .
Examine each of these goals and you will find they are superficial .
You want food .
Why ?
Because I am hungry .
So you are hungry , so what ?
Well if I eat , I wo n't be hungry and then I 'll feel good .
Ah ha !
Feel good !
Now there is a real item .
What we really seek is not the surface goals .
They are just means to an end .
What we are really after is the feeling of relief that comes when the drive is satisfied .
Relief , relaxation and an end to the tension .
Peace , happiness , no more yearning .
So what is this happiness ?
For most of us , the perfect happiness would mean getting everything we wanted , being in control of everything , playing Caesar , making the whole world dance a jig according to our every whim .
Once again , it does not work that way .
Take a look at the people in history who have actually held this ultimate power .
These were not happy people .
Most assuredly they were not men at peace with themselves .
Why ?
Because they were driven to control the world totally and absolutely and they could not .
They wanted to control all men and there remained men who refused to be controlled .
They could not control the stars .
They still got sick .
They still had to die .
You can't ever get everything you want .
It is impossible .
Luckily , there is another option .
You can learn to control your mind , to step outside of this endless cycle of desire and aversion .
You can learn to not want what you want , to recognize desires but not be controlled by them .
This does not mean that you lie down on the road and invite everybody to walk all over you .
It means that you continue to live a very normal - looking life , but live from a whole new viewpoint .
You do the things that a person must do , but you are free from that obsessive , compulsive drivenness of your own desires .
You want something , but you do n't need to chase after it .
You fear something , but you do n't need to stand there quaking in your boots .
This sort of mental culture is very difficult .
It takes years .
But trying to control everything is impossible , and the difficult is preferable to the impossible .
Wait a minute , though .
Peace and happiness !
Is n't that what civilization is all about ?
We build skyscrapers and freeways .
We have paid vacations , TV sets .
We provide free hospitals and sick leaves , Social Security and welfare benefits .
All of that is aimed at providing some measure of peace and happiness .
Yet the rate of mental illness climbs steadily , and the crime rates rise faster .
The streets are crawling with delinquents and unstable individuals .
Stick your arms outside the safety of your own door and somebody is very likely to steal your watch !
Something is not working .
A happy man does not feel driven to kill .
We like to think that our society is exploiting every area of human knowledge in order to achieve peace and happiness .
We are just beginning to realize that we have overdeveloped the material aspect of existence at the expense of the deeper emotional and spiritual aspect , and we are paying the price for that error .
It is one thing to talk about degeneration of moral and spiritual fiber in America today , and another thing to do something about it .
The place to start is within ourselves .
Look carefully inside , truly and objectively , and each of us will see moments when " I am the punk " and " I am the crazy " .
We will learn to see those moments , see them clearly , cleanly and without condemnation , and we will be on our way up and out of being so .
You can't make radical changes in the pattern of your life until you begin to see yourself exactly as you are now .
As soon as you do that , changes flow naturally .
You do n't have to force or struggle or obey rules dictated to you by some authority .
You just change .
It is automatic .
But arriving at the initial insight is quite a task .
You 've got to see who you are and how you are , without illusion , judgement or resistance of any kind .
You 've got to see your own place in society and your function as a social being .
You 've got to see your duties and obligations to your fellow human beings , and above all , your responsibility to yourself as an individual living with other individuals .
And you 've got to see all of that clearly and as a unit , a single gestalt of interrelationship .
It sounds complex , but it often occurs in a single instant .
Mental culture through meditation is without rival in helping you achieve this sort of understanding and serene happiness .
The Dhammapada is an ancient Buddhist text which anticipated Freud by thousands of years .
It says : " What you are now is the result of what you were .
What you will be tomorrow will be the result of what you are now .
The consequences of an evil mind will follow you like the cart follows the ox that pulls it .
The consequences of a purified mind will follow you like your own shadow .
No one can do more for you than your own purified mind -- no parent , no relative , no friend , no one .
A well - disciplined mind brings happiness " .
Meditation is intended to purify the mind .
It cleanses the thought process of what can be called psychic irritants , things like greed , hatred and jealousy , things that keep you snarled up in emotional bondage .
It brings the mind to a state of tranquility and awareness , a state of concentration and insight .
In our society , we are great believers in education .
We believe that knowledge makes a cultured person civilized .
Civilization , however , polishes the person superficially .
Subject our noble and sophisticated gentleman to stresses of war or economic collapse , and see what happens .
It is one thing to obey the law because you know the penalties and fear the consequences .
It is something else entirely to obey the law because you have cleansed yourself from the greed that would make you steal and the hatred that would make you kill .
Throw a stone into a stream .
The running water would smooth the surface , but the inner part remains unchanged .
Take that same stone and place it in the intense fires of a forge , and the whole stone changes inside and outside .
It all melts .
Civilization changes man on the outside .
Meditation softens him within , through and through .
Meditation is called the Great Teacher .
It is the cleansing crucible fire that works slowly through understanding .
The greater your understanding , the more flexible and tolerant you can be .
The greater your understanding , the more compassionate you can be .
You become like a perfect parent or an ideal teacher .
You are ready to forgive and forget .
You feel love towards others because you understand them .
And you understand others because you have understood yourself .
You have looked deeply inside and seen self illusion and your own human failings .
You have seen your own humanity and learned to forgive and to love .
When you have learned compassion for yourself , compassion for others is automatic .
An accomplished meditator has achieved a profound understanding of life , and he inevitably relates to the world with a deep and uncritical love .
Meditation is a lot like cultivating a new land .
To make a field out of a forest , first you have to clear the trees and pull out the stumps .
Then you till the soil and you fertilize it .
Then you sow your seed and you harvest your crops .
To cultivate your mind , first you have to clear out the various irritants that are in the way , pull them right out by the root so that they wo n't grow back .
Then you fertilize .
You pump energy and discipline in the mental soil .
Then you sow the seed and you harvest your crops of faith , morality , mindfulness and wisdom .
Faith and morality , by the way , have a special meaning in this context .
Buddhism does not advocate faith in the sense of believing something because it is written in a book or attributed to a prophet or taught to you by some authority figure .
The meaning here is closer to confidence .
It is knowing that something is true because you have seen it work , because you have observed that very thing within yourself .
In the same way , morality is not a ritualistic obedience to some exterior , imposed code of behavior .
The purpose of meditation is personal transformation .
The you that goes in one side of the meditation experience is not the same you that comes out the other side .
It changes your character by a process of sensitization , by making you deeply aware of your own thoughts , word , and deeds .
Your arrogance evaporated and your antagonism dries up .
Your mind becomes still and calm .
And your life smoothes out .
Thus meditation properly performed prepares you to meet the ups and down of existence .
It reduces your tension , your fear , and your worry .
Restlessness recedes and passion moderates .
Things begin to fall into place and your life becomes a glide instead of a struggle .
All of this happens through understanding .
Meditation sharpens your concentration and your thinking power .
Then , piece by piece , your own subconscious motives and mechanics become clear to you .
Your intuition sharpens .
The precision of your thought increases and gradually you come to a direct knowledge of things as they really are , without prejudice and without illusion .
So is this reason enough to bother ?
Scarcely .
These are just promises on paper .
There is only one way you will ever know if meditation is worth the effort .
Learn to do it right , and do it .
See for yourself .
" I hired Mr. King for my divorce , and again when my ex filed to modify custody , he is not cheap but I was very pleased with his advice and representation .
I still have custody of my kids , and my ex is afraid to go to court . " — Charles
" Mr. King represents me in an ongoing , complicated divorce .
He 's kept me informed and protected against many things I would not have known about .
High quality attorney with a friendly and knowledgeable staff .
Glad I did n't Have to go downtown to find the best . " — Gloria
In keeping with our local community , our law firm is one with decades of experience that adheres to old - fashioned qualities of professionalism and integrity , while we also utilize modern technology and the considerable resources that are typical of a big city office .
Get Started on a Path Forward Today
When your precious family members are involved and their futures are at risk , it is a very emotional , high - pressure time .
You are not just signing a dotted line on a few contracts and legal documents ; you are changing your life and the lives of your loved ones .
You do not need to go through this alone .
When you have questions , you need someone to answer them .
When you feel overwhelmed , you need someone to listen to you and to navigate you through the stress .
At King , Koligian & Associates , LLC , our experienced family lawyers will be your greatest advocates during this crucial time of your life .
Experienced Divorce Lawyers And Family Law Attorneys - Guidance From Start To Finish
Family Lawyers : whether it is an adoption , prenuptial agreement , or enforcement of a court order , our Cincinnati family lawyers can help make the process less stressful for you and your loved ones .
Divorce Lawyers : whether it is complex , collaborative , high - net - worth , or in need of modifications , we will treat you with respect and give your case our full attention .
Child Custody Attorneys Paternity , Child support , or : our family lawyers can help you create a unique , customized solution for your family .
An experienced lawyer from our team can be your confidant , address all your concerns , and fight for your well - being in court if the time comes .
Estate Planning :
Whether you are just starting to have children or have grandchildren and other loved ones to think about , having an estate plan in place can be extremely important .
Our Cincinnati estate planning lawyers are here to help you create a plan that allows your heirs to avoid the costly , time - consuming , and complicated litigation and probate process .
Contact Us for the Peace of Mind you deserve
A local family law firm , we are situated conveniently in the middle of Butler , Warren , Hamilton , and Clermont counties .
We make it easy for you to access the trusted family law attorney counsel you deserve .
Give our Montgomery , Ohio , office a call at ( 513 ) 506-1025 or contact us online .
Our Ohio divorce lawyers respond promptly to messages and emails .
Enlarge Quarternary Science Reviews
The volcanic ash layer thought to have human footprints .
Human footprints frozen in time , lodged in volcanic ash in a Mexican valley , seemed poised to rock history .
In the current Journal of Human Evolution , a study tells the story of how they did n't — and how science checks out extraordinary claims .
" The timing and origin of the earliest human colonization of the Americas has been the subject of great debate over the last 100 years and is still a matter of heated discussion today , " begins the study .
Hiking on the dried bed of Mexico's Valsequillo Lake in the summer of 2003 , an archeology team made a discovery they suspected would open a new chapter in the debate .
Crisscrossing the lakebed , they saw tracks , an ash field littered with hundreds of impressions that resembled footprints from adults and children , " along with birds , cats , dogs and species with cloven feet , " as Nature magazine later reported .
The team led by geoarchaeologist Silvia Gonzalez of the United Kingdom 's Liverpool John Moores University , suspected the track 's makers had fled an ancient eruption of the looming Cerro Toluquilla volcano , leaving their tracks in the now - famous " Xalnene Ash . "
But how long ago did they flee ?
In 2005 , Gonzalez and colleagues announced at the UK's Royal Society 's Summer Science Exhibition that " optical stimulated luminescence " results , where ash from the site was baked and then examined for the kind of light it emits as a signal to the last time it melted , gave a result of 40,000 years ago .
" Accounting for the origin of these footprints would require a complete rethink on the timing , route and origin of the first colonisation of the Americas , " said a Royal Society statement announcing the find .
People only emigrated to the America 's about 13,000 years ago , suggests the conventional picture painted by archaeological records .
These " Clovis " people , named for the New Mexico town where the oldest dated site for their distinctive tools ands arrowheads were discovered , populated the continent in as little as two centuries after crossing the Bering Strait .
A handful of sites , notably a suspected hearth in Chile 's Monte Verde ruins suggest some people arrived a bit earlier , perhaps 15,000 years ago .
But 40,000 - year - old footprints in Mexico would suggest that prehistoric modern humans , who are thought to have left Africa as recently 60,000 years ago , raced across Asia and colonized the New World remarkably fast .
A debate erupted .
In December of 2005 , a team led by geochronologist Paul Renne of the University of California , Berkeley , reported in Naturethat the trackway ash layer dated to 1.3 million years ago , according to analysis of radioactive Argon elements in the rock .
If the ash dated to 1.3 million years , that meant the footprints in it could n't have been made by modern humans , who have only been around for about 200,000 years , tops , as indicated by bones and tools .
" I never thought they were tracks , " Renne says now .
" I 've seen them and they really do n't have the left - and - right pattern of footsteps .
They only look like tracks if you see them in the right light . "
Quarry marks and recent foot traffic from people who today live nearby more likely explained the impressions , Renne and others suggested .
A number of papers flew back and forth , some supporting the Argon results and one confirming the younger luminescence date .
But in the latest turn , the Journal of Human Evolution paper led by Darren Mark of the Scottish Universities Environmental Research Centre , and co-authored by Gonzalez , concedes the fight , replicating the Argon results from Renne 's lab .
" Dr. Gonzalez and colleagues from Liverpool John Moores University have accepted that the age of the Xalnene Ash is approximately 1.3 ( million years ) , " Mark says , by e-mail .
He adds the finding , " casts considerable doubt on the interpretation that the markings in the Xalnene Ash are hominid footprints . "
Could they be footprints of some human precursor " hominid " species ?
Archaeologists have looked for signs of older human species , such as homo erectus , which was living in Asia more than a million years ago , but have seen no signs of them in the New World , Mark says .
" Considering what we know about the timings of hominid migrations out of Africa up into Europe and Asia , it is highly improbable that hominids could have made it to the America 's by 1.3 million years before present . "
So , science worked , in this case .
Someone makes a claim and scientists check it out .
Most of the time , the extraordinary claims fails , but there is no shame in science for trying , and that is how scholars have made some of their biggest advances , from plate tectonics to Einstein 's theory of gravity .
" The message here is that extraordinary claims do need extraordinary evidence , " Renne says .
" The fact that the original claimant is recanting the first observation is the news here .
No , that does n't always happen in science , but it should , and that is to ( their ) credit . "
So , does that rule out the chances that people emigrated into the America 's further back than 15,000 years ago ?
Nope , says Mark , it just means there is no evidence for it .
" Although the reporting of the alleged footprints by Dr. Gonzalez and colleagues may have been premature , the idea that hominids had made it into the New World by forty thousand years before present is not a radical supposition , " Mark says .
" It is always worth remembering : absence of proof is not proof of absence and I am sure within the near future there will be much more debate and controversy surrounding the peopling of the America's . "
So stay tuned folks .
Those sound like fighting words .
The end of this chapter in the debate over the First Americans might just mean a new chapter is about to begin .
PAUL KEATING has responded with trademark vitriol after reading extracts of Blanche d'Alpuget 's biography of her husband , Bob Hawke .
Mr Keating , who served as treasurer to the then prime minister before ousting him in 1991 , says he carried Mr Hawke for four of his eight years .
" The fact is , Bob , I was exceedingly kind to you for a very long time , " he says in a letter to Mr Hawke published in The Australian .
" I knew the state you were in in 1984 ... I carried you through the whole 1984 - 1987 parliament , insisting you look like the prime minister , even if your staff – the Manchu Court I called them – were otherwise prepared to leave you in your emotional hole . "
The Mis-portrayal of Darwin as a Racist By - June 24 , 2006
There is a growing effort among opponents of evolution to portray Charles Darwin as a racist , and evolutionary theory as morally reprehensible , even to claim that Darwinism " provided Hitler and the Nazis with a scientific justification for the policies they pursued once they came to power . "
These accusations are not merely from fringe radicals , but have indeed been made by elected officials and published in books by university professors , as we shall see .
Most disturbing , however , is the lack of significant rebuttal to these charges .
Many people in fact , including some evolutionary biologists , find it easy to believe that perhaps Darwin was a racist , and perhaps evolutionary theory did contribute to Nazi ideology .
In 2001 African American State Representative Sharon Broome of Louisiana sponsored a resolution to condemn " Darwinist ideology " as racist and liken it to Nazism .
WHEREAS , empirical science has documented an indisputable commonality among all people groups , or races , and has demonstrated that normal variations in the human gene pool account for our differences , of which racial differences are a trivial portion ; and WHEREAS , the writings of Charles Darwin , the father of evolution , promoted the justification of racism , and his books
On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection : or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life and The Descent of Man postulate a hierarchy of superior and inferior races ; and WHEREAS , Adolf Hitler and others have exploited the racist views of Darwin and those he influenced , such as German zoologist Ernst Haekel , to justify the annihilation of millions of purportedly racially inferior individuals .
THEREFORE , BE IT RESOLVED that the Legislature of Louisiana does hereby deplore all instances and ideologies of racism , does hereby reject the core concepts of Darwinist ideology that certain races and classes of humans are inherently superior to others , and does hereby condemn the extent to which these philosophies have been used to justify and approve racist practices .
source : HOUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO .
74 BY REPRESENTATIVE
BROOME
In 2004 Dr. Richard Weikart of the Discovery Institute published From Darwin to Hitler , Evolutionary Ethics , Eugenics and Racism in Germany , which concludes that " Darwinism played a key role not only in the rise of eugenics , but also in euthanasia , infanticide , abortion , and racial extermination , all ultimately embraced by the Nazis . "
Weikart 's work has garnered significant attention from both opponents and supporters of evolution alike .
So what about these accusations ?
Was Darwin a racist ?
Has evolutionary theory served as a support for everything from abortion to the Holocaust ?
Far from it .
Darwin was an abolitionist whose scientific work refuted the commonly held racist beliefs of his time and opposed already existing eugenic concepts .
It is , in fact , evolution that overturned the widely held belief in the divine superiority of the " white race " .
So - called " scientific racism " emerged around the same time that Darwin published his theory of evolution , but from a completely different group of people and for completely different reasons .
In the mid-1800s both American slavery and European imperialism were coming under increasing criticism .
During this time the idea of white supremacy became popular among those seeking to justify slavery and imperialism .
Prior to Darwin , and after Darwin by opponents of evolution , biology was a theologically based field .
The primary " scientific racists " were creationists who believed that science supported Biblical scripture , and that scripture supported slavery and the domination of one group over another .
Before we address Darwin and evolution directly , however , we must first examine the history of slavery , racism , and genocide prior to Darwin .
Some anti-evolutionists would have us believe that prior to " Darwinism " the world was a place free from racism , oppression , infanticide , abortion , etc .
These anti-evolutionists have claimed that racism , Nazism , and the Holocaust are all products of a divergence from " traditional Judeo - Christian ethics . "
What , then , of the world before Darwin ?
Racism , Slavery , and Genocide before Darwin Infanticide , rape , genocide , slavery , abortion , and " racism " have all been prevalent from the earliest of times .
We even see these behaviors in animals , so we know that these behaviors predate even humanity .
It is safe to say that these things have probably been practiced by virtually all human societies .
There are records from the Egyptians , for example , ridiculing the Nubians as inferiors , some of the earliest records of racism .
The Bible itself records the not only the idea of " a chosen people " , but indeed records genocide , slavery , and infanticide at the " command of God " .
Exodus 11 : 4 So Moses said , " This is what the LORD says : ' About midnight I will go throughout Egypt .
5
Every firstborn son in Egypt will die , from the firstborn son of Pharaoh , who sits on the throne , to the firstborn son of the slave girl , who is at her hand mill , and all the firstborn of the cattle as well .
6
There will be loud wailing throughout Egypt - worse than there has ever been or ever will be again .
7
But among the Israelites not a dog will bark at any man or animal . '
Then you will know that the LORD makes a distinction between Egypt and Israel .
Exodus 12 : So the people of Israel did just as the LORD had commanded through Moses and Aaron .
And at midnight the LORD killed all the firstborn sons in the land of Egypt , from the firstborn son of Pharaoh , who sat on the throne , to the firstborn son of the captive in the dungeon .
Even the firstborn of their livestock were killed .
Pharaoh and his officials and all the people of Egypt woke up during the night , and loud wailing was heard throughout the land of Egypt .
There was not a single house where someone had not died .
Deuteronomy 7 : 1 When the LORD your God brings you into the land you are entering to possess and drives out before you many nations - the Hittites , Girgashites , Amorites , Canaanites , Perizzites , Hivites and Jebusites , seven nations larger and stronger than you - 2 and when the LORD your God has delivered them over to you and you have defeated them , then you must destroy them totally .
Make no treaty with them , and show them no mercy .
3
Do not intermarry with them .
Do not give your daughters to their sons or take their daughters for your sons , 4 for they will turn your sons away from following me to serve other gods , and the LORD 's anger will burn against you and will quickly destroy you .
5
This is what you are to do to them : Break down their altars , smash their sacred stones , cut down their Asherah poles and burn their idols in the fire .
6
For you are a people holy to the LORD your God .
The LORD your God has chosen you out of all the peoples on the face of the earth to be his people , his treasured possession .
Numbers 31 1 The LORD said to Moses , 2 " Take vengeance on the Midianites for the Israelites .
After that , you will be gathered to your people . "
3 So Moses said to the people , " Arm some of your men to go to war against the Midianites and to carry out the LORD 's vengeance on them .
... 13 Moses , Eleazar the priest and all the leaders of the community went to meet them outside the camp .
14 Moses was angry with the officers of the army - the commanders of thousands and commanders of hundreds - who returned from the battle .
15 " Have you allowed all the women to live ? " he asked them .
16 " They were the ones who followed Balaam 's advice and were the means of turning the Israelites away from the LORD in what happened at Peor , so that a plague struck the LORD 's people .
17 Now kill all the boys .
And kill every woman who has slept with a man , 18 but save for yourselves every girl who has never slept with a man .
1 Samuel 15 : 3 Now go , attack the Amalekites and totally destroy everything that belongs to them .
Do not spare them ; put to death men and women , children and infants , cattle and sheep , camels and donkeys . ' "
...
7 Then Saul attacked the Amalekites all the way from Havilah to Shur , to the east of Egypt. 8
He took Agag king of the Amalekites alive , and all his people he totally destroyed with the sword .
9
But Saul and the army spared Agag and the best of the sheep and cattle , the fat calves and lambs , everything that was good .
These they were unwilling to destroy completely , but everything that was despised and weak they totally destroyed .
10 Then the word of the LORD came to Samuel : 11 " I am grieved that I have made Saul king , because he has turned away from me and has not carried out my instructions . "
These are only a few examples from the Bible that demonstrate the genocide , racism , and infanticide that not only preceded Darwin by thousands of years , but that became deeply integrated into the so - called " Judeo - Christian " ethic .
These ideas , the idea of a " chosen people " , the idea of " God sanctioned " conquest , and the rationalization of genocide , have played important roles in Western Civilization for centuries .
Civilizations throughout the world have rationalized and engaged in similar behavior for as long as history has been recorded , but the specific sanctioning of these actions in the Bible has been cited repeatedly in Western Civilization from the time of the Christian Emperors of Rome to the conquest of the Americas , and indeed even by the Fascists and Nazis of World War II .
The maintenance of the integrity of the government depends upon two things , namely , the force of arms and the observance of the laws : and , for this reason , the fortunate race of the Romans obtained power and precedence over all other nations in former times , and will do so forever , if God should be propitious ; since each of these has ever required the aid of the other , for , as military affairs are rendered secure by the laws , so also are the laws preserved by force of arms .
- The Code of Justinian ; 529- 534 CE
The very idea that the theory of evolution is responsible for the idea that certain races or groups of people are superior to others is so historically inaccurate that it is almost impossible to believe that anyone today could even make such a claim .
As we shall see , however , " God " has been the primary justification for the concept of the superiority of one group over another throughout history , not " Darwinism " .
When Christopher Columbus and the Spanish Conquistadores engaged in the conquest of the Americas , they did do so under the direction of the Pope , and their slaughter and subjugation of all natives was justified through Christian theology .
When Spanish conquerors came into contact with new groups of people they were required to read an article to them , in Spanish , called the Requerimiento .
The Requerimiento stated that all men were descended from Adam and Eve , that the Catholic Church had been granted the right by God to rule all people , and that there was no way to deny the authority of the Pope .
Those who resisted would be slaughtered or enslaved .
Of all these nations God our Lord gave charge to one man , called St. Peter , that he should be Lord and Superior of all the men in the world , that all should obey him , and that he should be the head of the whole human race , wherever men should live , and under whatever law , sect , or belief they should be ; and he gave him the world for his kingdom and jurisdiction .
And he commanded him to place his seat in Rome , as the spot most fitting to rule the world from ; but also he permitted him to have his seat in any other part of the world , and to judge and govern all Christians , Moors , Jews , Gentiles , and all other sects .
This man was called Pope , as if to say , Admirable Great Father and Governor of men .
The men who lived in that time obeyed that St. Peter , and took him for Lord , King , and Superior of the universe ; so also they have regarded the others who after him have been elected to the pontificate , and so has it been continued even till now , and will continue till the end of the world .
...
Wherefore , as best we can , we ask and require you that you consider what we have said to you , and that you take the time that shall be necessary to understand and deliberate upon it , and that you acknowledge the Church as the Ruler and Superior of the whole world , and the high priest called Pope , and in his name the King and Queen Doña Juana our lords , in his place , as superiors and lords and kings of these islands and this Tierra - firme by virtue of the said donation , and that you consent and give place that these religious fathers should declare and preach to you the aforesaid .
...
But , if you do not do this , and maliciously make delay in it , I certify to you that , with the help of God , we shall powerfully enter into your country , and shall make war against you in all ways and manners that we can , and shall subject you to the yoke and obedience of the Church and of their Highnesses ; we shall take you and your wives and your children , and shall make slaves of them , and as such shall sell and dispose of them as their Highnesses may command ; and we shall take away your goods , and shall do you all the mischief and damage that we can , as to vassals who do not obey , and refuse to receive their lord , and resist and contradict him ; and we protest that the deaths and losses which shall accrue from this are your fault , and not that of their Highnesses , or ours , nor of these cavaliers who come with us .
And that we have said this to you and made this Requisition , we request the notary here present to give us his testimony in writing , and we ask the rest who are present that they should be witnesses of this Requisition .
- Requerimiento , 1510
When colonists first came to the Americas they viewed it as their " promised land " , a land that was " granted to them by God " .
In 1634 John Winthrop , governor of the pious Massachusetts Bay Colony , wrote , " for the natives , they are near all dead of the smallpox , so as the Lord hath cleared our title to what we possess . "
His comments clearly hearken back to the Old Testament scriptures , of which he was such a devout believer .
Many of the early American settlers and explorers believed that the diseases that befell the natives were proof of God 's " Divine Providence " helping them to conquer the land .
In fact , however , Europeans carried many diseases because they had lived in such a filthy culture for over a thousand years .
Europeans lived in close quarters with many domestic animals such as pigs , chickens , etc. , as well as with rats , they rarely bathed , and lived with open sewers and raw human waste .
All of this contributed , of course , to the many plagues that wracked the Europeans over the centuries , but nevertheless led to the evolution of a high level of immunity to many diseases , of which they became carriers .
Over a hundred million natives died under European occupation throughout North and South America between the 1500s and the 1900s , millions of these being directly killed by enslavement and war .
The killing of natives and the taking of their land was sanctioned by both the Catholic Church in South America and the many Protestant sects in North America .
" Divine Providence " and " God 's Will " were almost always invoked as the justifications for the extermination of " savages " .
In addition to the sanctioning of genocide , the Christian religion was used to justify slavery as well .
Not only was slavery sanctioned in the Old Testament , but it is sanctioned in the New Testament also .
The founding fathers of The Church also supported slavery .
The prime cause , then , of slavery is sin , which brings man under the dominion of his fellow -- that which does not happen save by the judgment of God , with whom is no unrighteousness , and who knows how to award fit punishments to every variety of offence .
...
Moreover , when men are subjected to one another in a peaceful order , the lowly position does as much good to the servant as the proud position does harm to the master .
...
This servitude is , however , penal , and is appointed by that law which enjoins the preservation of the natural order and forbids its disturbance ;
- St. Augustine ; City of God , 410 Here Saint Augustine established the principle that slavery and servitude are part of a " natural order " , created by God .
Slavery was repeatedly defended as being in accordance with the " Holy Scriptures " throughout history . " .. full and free permission to invade , search out , capture and subjugate the Saracens and pagans and any other unbelievers and enemies of Christ wherever they may be , as well as their kingdoms , duchies , counties , principalities and other properties and to reduce their persons into perpetual slavery . "
- Pope Alexander VI ; Bull Eximiae Devotionis , 1493
It is certainly a matter of faith that this sort of slavery in which a man serves his master as his slave , is altogether lawful .
This is proved from Holy Scripture .
It is also proved from reason for it is not unreasonable that just as things which are captured in a just war pass into the power and ownership of the victors , so persons captured in war pass into the ownership of the captors .
All theologians are unanimous on this .
- Leander ; Quaestiones Morales Theologicae , 1668 - 1692
In 1705 the Virginia Slave Codes were passed in America , which were quickly followed by similar laws in other states .
All servants imported and brought into the Country ... who were not Christians in their native Country ... shall be accounted and be slaves .
All Negro , mulatto and Indian slaves within this dominion ... shall be held to be real estate .
If any slave resist his master ... correcting such slave , and shall happen to be killed in such correction ... the master shall be free of all punishment ... as if such accident never happened .
Of course not all Christian groups embraced slavery , the liberal groups such as the Quakers and Unitarians were opposed to the practice ( they were also harassed and even killed by more conservative Protestant sects ) , but among those who sanctioned it , scripture was often the basis of their justification .
On the lawfulness of holding slaves ... the right of holding slaves is clearly established in the Holy Scriptures , both by precept and example .
- Rev. Richard Furman ; President , Baptist State Convention , 1822
It is my privilege then , to name certain passages from the bible , and examine the teachings of the ancients upon this nature , as the fact is incontrovertible , that the first mention we have of slavery is found in the holy bible , pronounced by a man who was perfect in his generation and walked with God .
And so far from that prediction 's being averse from the mind of God it remains as a lasting monument of the decree of Jehovah , to the shame and confusion of all who have cried out against the South , in consequence of their holding the sons of Ham in servitude !
" And he said cursed be Canaan ; a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren .
And he said , Blessed be the Lord God of Shem ; and Canaan shall be his servant .
God shall enlarge Japheth , and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem and Canaan shall be his servant . "
- Genesis 9:25 - 27
Trace the history of the world from this notable event down to this day , and you will find the fulfillment of this singular prophecy .
What could have been the design of the Almighty in this wonderful occurrence is not for me to say ; but I can say that the curse is not yet taken off the sons of Canaan , neither will be until it is affected by as great power as caused it to come ; and the people who interfere the least with the decrees and purposes of God in this matter , will come under the least condemnation before him ; and those who are determined to pursue a course which shows an opposition and a feverish restlessness against the designs of the Lord , will learn , when perhaps it is too late for their own good , that God can do his own work without the aid of those who are not dictate by his counsel .
- Joseph Smith Jr. ; Messenger and Advocate , 1836
Why all this rant about Negro equality , seeing that neither nature or nature 's God ever established any such equality ?
- John Campbell ; Negro- Mania , 1851
The manifest moral intellectual and physical inferiority of the Negro issues from the decree of God which no efforts of man can either alter or abrogate .
Even modification must be but partial at least .
It is the destiny of the Negro if by himself to be a savage ; if by the white to be a serf .
- John Campbell ; Negro- Mania , 1851
But the church of this country is not only indifferent to the wrongs of the slave , it actually takes sides with the oppressors .
It has made itself the bulwark of American slavery , and the shield of American slave - hunters .
Many of its most eloquent Divines , who stand as the very lights of the church , have shamelessly given the sanction of religion and the Bible to the whole slave system .
They have taught that man may , properly , be a slave ; that the relation of master and slave is ordained of God ; that to send back an escaped bondman to his master is clearly the duty of all the followers of the Lord Jesus Christ ; and this horrible blasphemy is palmed off upon the world for Christianity .
- Frederick Douglass ; The Meaning of July Fourth for the Negro July 5th , 1852 We must , of course , acknowledge that Adam is the ancestor of the white race .
The scriptures are evidently meant to be so understood , for the generations deriving from him are certainly white .
This being admitted there is nothing to show that , in the view of the first compilers of the Adamite genealogies , those outside the white race were counted as part of the species at all .
- Arthur de Gobineau ; An Essay on the Inequality of the Human Races , 1853 The great Architect had framed them [ negroes ] both physically and mentally to fill the sphere in which they were thrown , and His wisdom and mercy combined in constituting them thus suited to the degraded position they were destined to occupy .
Hence , their submissiveness , their obedience , their contentment .
- Thomas R. Cobb ;
An Inquiry into the Law of Negro Slavery in the United States of America , 1858 There was a growing movement in America shortly before the Civil War , as pressure against slavery was increasing , to justify slavery not just with scripture , but also with so - called " science " .
At this time , however , most biologists , known then as naturalists , were theologically trained .
Biology was still considered to be a Biblically based study of " the creation " before Darwin came along .
In 1853 the Frenchman Arthur de Gobineau published An Essay on the Inequality of the Human Races , in which he proposed that humans were composed of three races , the most advanced of which was the " Aryan Race " .
In An Essay on the Inequality of the Human Races Gobineau stated that civilizations collapsed due to race mixing .
This work was highly influential in Europe and America and is widely acknowledged today as the foundation of so - called scientific racism .
In 1857 , two years before Charles Darwin pushed The Origin of Species , Josiah C. Nott and George Gliddon , creationists who argued that science supported the Biblical account of creation , published Indigenous Races of the Earth .
Dr. Nott , from South Carolina , had been writing and giving lectures on race for years and his works were highly influential .
All of the copies of Indigenous Races of the Earth were pre-sold before they were even printed .
The book went on to be published in many languages and was one of the best selling books of the time .
An illustration in Indigenous Races of the Earth compared the skulls of " Greeks " , " Negroes " , and Chimpanzees .
From Indigenous Races of the Earth ( 1857 ) Nations and races , like individuals have each an especial destiny : some are born to rule , and others to be ruled .
And such has ever been the history of mankind .
No two distinctly marked races can dwell together on equal terms .
- Josiah Nott , M.D. ; Types of Mankind , 1854 In The Social History of the American Negro the following was said about Dr. Nott :
It is evident from what has been said already that the idea of the Negro current about 1830 in the United States was not very exalted .
It was seriously questioned if he was really a human being , and doctors of divinity learnedly expounded the " Cursed be Canaan " passage as applying to him .
A prominent physician of Mobile 151 gave it as his opinion that " the brain of the Negro , when compared with the Caucasian , is smaller by a tenth and the intellect is wanting in the same proportion , " and finally asserted that Negroes could not live in the North because " a cold climate so freezes their brains as to make them insane . "
About mulattoes , like many others , he stretched his imagination marvelously .
They were incapable of undergoing fatigue ; the women were very delicate and subject to all sorts of diseases , and they did not beget children as readily as either black women or white women .
In fact , said Nott , between the ages of twenty - five and forty mulattoes died ten times as fast as either white or black people ; between forty and fifty - five fifty times as fast , and between fifty - five and seventy one hundred times as fast .
Footnote 151 : " Two Lectures on the Natural History of the Caucasian and Negro Races .
By Josiah C. Nott , M.D. , Mobile , 1844 . " - Benjamin Brawley ; A Social History of the American Negro , 1921
The year of 1858 was both the year in which Abraham Lincoln engaged in the famous Lincoln - Douglas debates and the year that Charles Darwin first published his theory of evolution in a scientific paper .
The the discussions that took place during those debates are very instructive in understanding views on race in America at the time , because race was a major topic of their senate campaigns and the their views can surely be seen as representative of the general views of the American public .
The candidates were campaigning to attract voters , and were thus doing their best to both represent themselves and to cater to the desires of the public .
As we know , Abraham Lincoln won the senate seat and went on to win the presidential election and become one of the most honored men in American history .
His name is synonymous with the ending of slavery in America and he is championed in schools across America as one of our greatest and most progressive leaders .
So , what was Abraham Lincoln saying about race the year that Charles Darwin first published his theory of evolution ?
" While I was at the hotel today , an elderly gentleman called upon me to know whether I was really in favor of producing a perfect equality between the negroes and white people .
[ Great Laughter . ]
While I had not proposed to myself on this occasion to say much on that subject , yet as the question was asked me I thought I would occupy perhaps five minutes in saying something in regard to it .
I will say then that I am not , nor ever have been , in favor of bringing about in any way the social and political equality of the white and black races , [ applause ] - that I am not nor ever have been in favor of making voters or jurors of negroes , nor of qualifying them to hold office , nor to intermarry with white people ; and I will say in addition to this that there is a physical difference between the white and black races which I believe will forever forbid the two races living together on terms of social and political equality .
And inasmuch as they cannot so live , while they do remain together there must be the position of superior and inferior , and I as much as any other man am in favor of having the superior position assigned to the white race .
I say upon this occasion I do not perceive that because the white man is to have the superior position the negro should be denied every thing .
I do not understand that because I do not want a negro woman for a slave I must necessarily want her for a wife .
[ Cheers and laughter . ] "
- Abraham Lincoln ; Fourth Debate with Stephen Douglas , September 18 , 1858
It is important to note here that the views of Lincoln 's opponent , Stephen Douglas , were even more racist than Lincoln's , and that both men enjoyed popular support for their racist views .
Note that Lincoln received applause for his remarks .
The fact is that essentially all Europeans were racist in the 1800s by today 's standards .
" For one , I am opposed to negro citizenship in any and every form .
[ Cheers . ]
I believe this Government was made on the white basis . [ " Good . " ]
I believe it was made by white men for the benefit of white men and their posterity forever , and I am in favor of confining citizenship to white men , men of European birth and descent , instead of conferring it upon negroes , Indians , and other inferior races .
[ " Good for you ! " " Douglas forever ! " ] ...
Now , I do not believe that the Almighty ever intended the negro to be the equal of the white man .
[ " Never , never ! " ]
If he did , he has been a long time demonstrating the fact .
[ Cheers . ]
For thousands of years the negro has been a race upon the earth , and during all that time , in all latitudes and climates , wherever he has wandered or been taken , he has been inferior to the race which he has there met .
He belongs to an inferior race , and must always occupy an inferior position . "
- Stephen Douglas ; First Debate with Abraham Lincoln , August 21 , 1858
Not only was the " negro race " an issue , but the " redskins " were and issue as well .
All manner of wars had already been waged against the " savages " by American settlers , to say nothing of the much larger genocides against the South American natives led by Catholics .
It is quite clear that racism had already been well established and supported on theological grounds long before Darwin came on the scene .
When the Civil War broke out , the racial inferiority of African slaves was widely declared among the Confederate states as a permanent barrier to any possibility of the integration of blacks into American free society .
The Texas articles of secession clearly state the inferiority of " the African race " and hold that slavery is the revealed will of God .
We hold as undeniable truths that the governments of the various States , and of the confederacy itself , were established exclusively by the white race , for themselves and their posterity ; that the African race had no agency in their establishment ; that they were rightfully held and regarded as an inferior and dependent race , and in that condition only could their existence in this country be rendered beneficial or tolerable .
That in this free government all white men are and of right ought to be entitled to equal civil and political rights ; that the servitude of the African race , as existing in these States , is mutually beneficial to both bond and free , and is abundantly authorized and justified by the experience of mankind , and the revealed will of the Almighty Creator , as recognized by all Christian nations ;
- Texas Ordinance of Secession ; February 2 , 1861
In 1862 , during the Civil War , the abolitionist Pastor William Aikman from Delaware gave a speech in favor of emancipation that is considered one of the most favorable speeches of the period regarding Africans .
Even in this speech Pastor Aikman stated that negroes were inferior to whites .
He also , interestingly enough , laid out concepts similar to " natural selection " when describing how slaves were acquired , though this was , presumably , by no influence from the work of Darwin .
But the abler tribes are the warriors and the conquerors , while the weaker and the lower are the captives .
Thus at the outset the slave declares by the fact of his servitude his inferiority of lineage .
...
The statistics of this country show that the free black does not and cannot mingle with the white race .
No elevation or freedom can produce such an intermixture .
Here and there , but so seldom as to present but perhaps a single case only in widely separated communities , there is an inter-marriage .
This seeming want of inclination , coupled with a natural and insuperable repugnance on the part of the white , must ever keep the two races apart when they stand on an equal footing of freedom .
The often repeated argument against emancipation , founded on the notion that it would be necessarily followed by amalgamation , is the product of the grossest ignorance and thoughtlessness , while at the same time it betrays a shameful want of confidence in the white race itself .
It surely argues no great power or stability in a people when they are not able to keep themselves from being mixed up with a confessedly inferior race .
But facts point in a wholly different direction : so far from freedom promoting this intermixture , the only condition in which these two races are found mingling is where the negro is in a state of servitude .
Here the process goes on freely and under the working of natural causes .
The influences which on either side under other circumstances make it impossible , here become inoperative , and are overborne by other and more powerful ones .
The close intimacies , beginning with infancy and extending over the whole life , destroying what under other circumstances might seem to be a natural separation ; a servile desire to please on the part of the slave , lust and cupidity on the part of the master , all combine to make the blood of the two races flow in the same veins .
Slavery is the source of amalgamation .
The mulatto and the quadroon tell you unerringly of a present or a former servitude .
...
The inferiority of a race can hardly be shown to be a valid reason for its banishment from the presence of the superior , and by its power ; the inability of a people to care for or to elevate themselves , does not seem a precisely good argument for sending them to a new land , and to a naked dependence on their own resources ; the invincible prejudice of the white does not at once give a very potent , at least a very just reason why the black should be expatriated .
- William Aiakman ; The Future of the Colored Race In America , 1862 The views expressed above can be considered among the least racist views in America at the time , and even in this view the inferiority of non-white races was assumed .
The separation of races was also seen as natural and desirable .
In 1854 Archbishop Richard Whately , a renowned theological scholar , had published Origin of Civilization , in which he argued that God originally created mankind as perfect and in a state of civilization with technology and laws , but that since the " fall of man " different races of people have fallen away from God and have thus degenerated into " savages " .
He , and others , argued that progress is unnatural and that it was impossible for inferior races to ever improve themselves and be capable of living among whites .
A discussion of his views can be seen in the review below , from 1869 :
source : Cornell University Archive
This argument continued to be made after Darwin had published The Origin of Species and was used as an attack on " Darwinism " .
Darwin later responded to this line of thought in his book The Descent of Man :
The arguments recently advanced by the Duke of Argyll and formerly by Archbishop Whately , in favour of the belief that man came into the world as a civilised being , and that all savages have since undergone degradation , seem to me weak in comparison with those advanced on the other side .
Many nations , no doubt , have fallen away in civilisation , and some may have lapsed into utter barbarism , though on this latter head I have met with no evidence .
...
The evidence that all civilised nations are the descendants of barbarians , consists , on the one side , of clear traces of their former low condition in still - existing customs , beliefs , language , &c. ; and on the other side , of proofs that savages are independently able to raise themselves a few steps in the scale of civilisation , and have actually thus risen .
The evidence on the first head is extremely curious , but cannot be here given : ...
According to a large and increasing school of philologists , every language bears the marks of its slow and gradual evolution .
So it is with the art of writing , for letters are rudiments of pictorial representations .
It is hardly possible to read Mr. M'Lennan 's work and not admit that almost all civilised nations still retain traces of such rude habits as the forcible capture of wives .
What ancient nation , as the same author asks , can be named that was originally monogamous ?
The primitive idea of justice , as shewn by the law of battle and other customs of which vestiges still remain , was likewise most rude .
Many existing superstitions are the remnants of former false religious beliefs .
The highest form of religion - the grand idea of God hating sin and loving righteousness - was unknown during primeval times .
...
In all parts of Europe , as far east as Greece , in Palestine , India , Japan , New Zealand , and Africa , including Egypt , flint tools have been discovered in abundance ; and of their use the existing inhabitants retain no tradition .
There is also indirect evidence of their former use by the Chinese and ancient Jews .
Hence there can hardly be a doubt that the inhabitants of these countries , which include nearly the whole civilised world , were once in a barbarous condition .
To believe that man was aboriginally civilised and then suffered utter degradation in so many regions , is to take a pitiably low view of human nature .
It is apparently a truer and more cheerful view that progress has been much more general than retrogression ; that man has risen , though by slow and interrupted steps , from a lowly condition to the highest standard as yet attained by him in knowledge , morals and religion .
- Charles Darwin ; The Descent of Man , 1871
In 1871 Archbishop Whately 's line of argument was again defended by The Catholic Church in a July publication of " Catholic World " .
He , of course , adopts the modern theory of progress , and maintains that the savage is the type of the primitive man , and that he has emerged from his original barbarism and superstition to his present advanced civilization and religious belief and worship by his own energy and persevering efforts at self - evolution or development , without any foreign or supernatural instruction or assistance .
...
We have no patience with such men as Herbert Spencer , Huxley , and Darwin .
We are hardly less impatient with the scientists who in our own country hold them up to our admiration and reverence as marvelous discoverers , and as the great and brilliant lights of the age .
We love science , we honor the men who devote their lives to its cultivation , but we ask that it be science , not hypothesis piled on hypothesis , nor simply a thing of mere conjectures or guesses .
The modern doctrine of progress or development , which supposes a man began in the lowest savage , if not lower still , is not a doctrine suggested by any facts observed and classified in men's history , nor is it a logical induction from any class of known facts , but a gratuitous hypothesis invented and asserted against the Biblical doctrine of creation , of Providence , of original sin , and of the supernatural instruction , government , redemption , and salvation of men .
The hypothesis is suggested by hostility to the Christian revelation , prior to the analysis and classification of any facts to sustain it , and the scientists who defend it are simply investigating nature , not in the interests of science properly so - called , but , consciously or unconsciously , to find facts to support an hypothesis which may be opposed to both .
...
Their hypothesis of progress , evolution , or development is unquestionably repugnant to the whole Christian doctrine and order of thought .
If it is true , Christianity is false .
They must then , before urging it , either prove Christianity untrue or an idle tale , or else prove absolutely , beyond the possibility of a rational doubt , the truth of their hypothesis .
It is enough to prove that it may , for aught you know , be true ; you must prove that it is true , and can not be false .
Christianity is too important a fact in the world 's history to be set aside by an undemonstrated hypothesis .
...
Let the question be understood .
Christianity teaches us that in the beginning God created heaven and earth , and all things therein , visible and invisible , that he made man after his own image and likeness , placed him in the garden of Eden , gave him a law , that is , made him a revelation of his will , instructed him in his moral and religious duty , established him in original justice , in a supernatural state , under a supernatural providence , on the plane of a supernatural destiny ; that man prevaricated , broke the law given him , lost his original justice , the integrity of his nature attached thereto , and communion with his Maker , fell under the dominion of the flesh , became captive to Satan , and subject to death , moral , temporal , and eternal ; that God , of his own goodness and mercy , promised him pardon and deliverance , redemption and salvation , through his own Son made man , who in due time was born to the Virgin Mary , suffered under Pontius Pilate , was crucified , was dead and buried , and on the third day rose again , ascended into heaven , whence he shall come again , to judge the living and the dead .
This doctrine , in substance , was made to our first parents in the garden , was preserved in the tradition of the patriarchs , in its purity in the synagogue , and in its purity and integrity in the Christian church founded on it , and authorized and assisted by God himself to teach it to all men and nations .
According to this doctrine , the origin of man , the human species , as well as of the universe and all its contents , is in the creative act of God , not in evolution or development .
The first man was not a monkey or a tadpole developed , nor a savage or barbarian , but was a man full - grown in the integrity of his nature , instructed by his Maker , and the most perfect man of his race , and as he is the progenitor of all mankind , it follows that mankind began not in " utter barbarism , " as Sir John asserts , but in the full development and perfection of manhood , with the knowledge of God and providence , of their origin and destiny , and of their moral and religious duty .
Ignorance has followed as the penalty or consequence of sin , instead of being the original condition in which man was created ; and this ignorance brought on the race by the prevarication of Adam , the dominion of the flesh , and the power of Satan acquired thereby , are the origin and cause of barbarism of individuals and nations , the innumerable moral and social evils which have afflicted mankind in all times and places .
...
The Biblical history explains the origin of the barbarous superstitions of heathendom in a very satisfactory way , and shows us very clearly that the savage state is not the primitive state , but has been produced by sin , and is the result of what we call the great gentile apostasy , or falling away of the nations from the primitive or patriarchal religion .
When language was confounded at Babel , and the dispersion of mankind took place , unity of speech or language was lost , and with it unity of ideas or of faith , and each tribe or nation took its own course , and developed a tribal or national religion of its own .
Gradually each tribe or nation lost the conception of God as creator , and formed to itself gods made in its own image , clothed with its own passions , and it bowed down and worshipped the work of its own hands .
...
We see this deterioration going on in our midst and right before our eyes , as the effect of apostasy from our holy religion .
This proves that apostasy is sufficient to explain the existence of the savage races , without supposing the human race began in " utter barbarism . "
If apostasy in modern times , as we see it does , leads to " utter barbarism , " why should it not have done so in ancient times ?
...
Yet the traditions of the heathen nations do not in general favor the main point of Sir John 's hypothesis , that men come out of barbarism by their own spontaneous development , natural progressiveness , or indigenous and unaided efforts .
They rise , according to these traditions , to the civilized state only by the assistance of the gods , or by the aid of missionaries or colonies from nations already civilized .
...
The chief characteristic of the savage state is in fact its immobility .
The savage gyrates from age to age in the same narrow circle - never of himself advances beyond it .
Whether a tribe sunk in what Sir John calls " utter barbarism , " and which he holds is the original state of the human race , has ever been or ever can be elevated to a civilized state by any human efforts , even of others already civilized , is , perhaps , problematical .
As far as experience goes , the tendency of such a tribe , brought in contact with a civilized race , is to retire the deeper into the forest , to waste away , and finally become extinct .
Certain it is , no instance of its becoming a civilized people can be named .
...
Sir John 's theory of progress is just now popular , and is put forth with great confidence in the respectable name of science , and the modern world , with socialists , accept it , with great pomp and parade .
Yet it is manifestly absurd .
Nothing cannot make itself something , nor can any thing make itself more than it is .
The imperfect cannot of itself perfect itself , and no man can lift himself by his own waistbands .
- Origin of Civilization ; Catholic World , July 1871
By this reasoning the " savages " were guilty of their own condition by sin , they had degenerated from the original " perfect " human archetype , which was now preserved only among the white races , and these savages , as sinners against God , were thus deserving of any punishment or genocide brought against them by the " armies of God " .
In 1878 John T. Roberts published a theological essay on race called Adamites and Preadamites : or , A Popular Discussion Concerning the Remote Representatives of the Human Species and their Relation to the Biblical Adam .
In this work Roberts stated : I maintain , against the narrow and pernicious dogma that the Bible is sufficient everywhere to interpret itself , that , on the contrary , it was ordained to be interpreted under the concentrated light of all the learning which has been created by a God - given intelligence in man .
I believe that the Bible was written for all time , and that its meaning is so deep and so rich that the accumulated learning of the latest generation of men will be unable to exhaust it .
... THE NEGRO PREADAMIC .
In the attempt to ascertain whether the biblical Adam was the progenitor of all mankind , or only of the White and Dusky races , I pointed out the fact that literal interpretation renders the name Adam inapplicable to races whose complexion displays no noticeable tinge of " red . "
But in the attempt to make Adam the father of the Black races , I find myself beset by other and graver difficulties .
The Adam of Genesis is supposed to date from an epoch less than two thousand years before Noah .
There have been almost six thousand years for the posterity of Adam to attain their present amount of divergence , as exemplified in different families and races of man , This has not perceptibly increased since the Christian era .
I suppose all will admit , on the evidence of history and monuments , that the Semitic , Hamitic and Aryan features were not perceptibly less marked two thousand years ago than at present .
If any one doubts this , he can be easily satisfied by turning over the pages of any work illustrated from the monuments of Egypt and Assyria .
( For accessible American digests , see Nott and Gliddon 's Types of Mankind and Indigenous Races of the Earth . )
Better , let him visit the Assyrian and Egyptian departments of the Louvre and the British and Berlin Museums .
It is equally true that delineations of Negro features , executed at a date not less remote , are exactly as pronounced as the realities of today .
Now , I think we may fairly take 2,000 years as the measure of 4,000 .
if these races and families have not sensibly diverged in 2,000 years , will the reader believe that all the marked divergence which actually exists took place during the previous 4,000 years ?
But the negative argument is much stronger .
The Egyptian and Assyrian monuments which testify to the distinctness of races and families date back one or two thousand years farther than our era ;
In these sculptures and mural paintings the stately Semite with his aquiline nose is instantly distinguished from the nimble Hamite with his straight nose , full lips and oblique and languishing eyes .
Amongst the other figures the Negro is often discovered by his thick lips , projecting jaws and wooly hair .
For at least half of the recognized interval between Adam and us , the Negro has been a Negro ; the Hamite , a Hamite ; the Semite , a Semite .
Archaeology and ethnology , therefore , force this alternative conclusion upon us :
If human beings have existed but 6,000 years , then the different races had separate beginnings , as Agassiz long since maintained each race in its own geographical area .
But if all human beings are descended from one stock , then the starting point was more than 6,000 years back ; as Huxley and the evolutionists generally maintain ; and the Duke of Argyll and other anti-evolutionists equally maintain .
Accordingly , if the reader insist that Adam was absolutely the first creature which could be called a man , he must admit first that " red , " in Hebrew , means " black , " and secondly , that the biblical chronology between Adam and Noah omits at least nine - tenths of the time .
In such an admission , he will have the excellent company of the Duke of Argyll , ( Primeval Man ) .
Now , every person remains free to contemn a logical difficulty , and commiserate the unfortunate facts for being opposed to his belief .
But my training has been such that logic and facts still command a degree of respect .
Nor am I enough of an actor to play the part of an idiot .
If I can avoid a difficulty I shall not dash out my brains against it .
Let us consider Adam the father of the White and Dusky races .
These , then , are Adamites ; and have a chronology extending back about 6,000 years perhaps all the time we require .
The Black races , then , are preadamites ; and there is no objection to allowing all the time requisite for their divergence from some common stock
- John T. Roberts ; Adamites and Preadamites , 1878
The belief in " Adamites " and " Preadamites " essentially comes from the book of Genesis in the story where Cain is cast out by God and then meets a woman .
Genesis 4
Then the LORD put a mark on Cain so that no one who found him would kill him .
16 So Cain went out from the LORD 's presence and lived in the land of Nod , east of Eden .
17 Cain lay with his wife , and she became pregnant and gave birth to Enoch .
Cain was then building a city , and he named it after his son Enoch .
18 To Enoch was born Irad , and Irad was the father of Mehujael , and Mehujael was the father of Methushael , and Methushael was the father of Lamech .
The " Preadamite " belief was that negroes were the " people " living in the land of Nod , whom Cain came into contact with .
These " people " were not killed by the Great Flood , the story goes , because they were " sub - human " , and thus were on board the Ark among the " animals " that Noah saved .
These " sub - humans " , it was said , did not have souls and thus were not subject to the same sentiments given towards " white people " .
These , of course , were not the only views .
Many different views on race had been put forward and were widely believed by the 19th century .
Various popular beliefs about humans during the 1800s included the beliefs that :
Whites ,
Blacks , American Indians , and Asians are all different species
The races are static and created by God , and should thus never be mixed
There are superior and inferior races and the superior whites have the right to dominate the inferior blacks and Indians
There are distinct delineations between the races
Different races are not related to each other
Interbreeding of races leads to degeneration
God originally created civilization and whites have stayed true to God , thus maintaining civilization , but the darker races have degenerated and lost civilization as they have become more savage and further from the word of God
Darker races are descendants of Canaan ( Ham 's Curse ) , the darker their skin the more inherently sinful they are How , then , do Darwin 's views compare to the existing views on race during his own time ?
Darwin's View of Race
In contrast to the existing views on race , Darwin showed that : People cannot be classified as different species
All races are related and have a common ancestry
All people come from " savage " origins
The different races have much more in common than was widely believed
The mental capabilities of all races are virtually the same and there is greater variation within races than between races
Different races of people can interbreed and there is no concern for ill effects
Culture , not biology , accounted for the greatest differences between the races
Races are not distinct , but rather they blend together One issue that is commonly misunderstood about Darwin is the full title of his most famous book , On the Origin of Species by Natural Selection : Or the Preservation of Favored Races in the Struggle for Life .
It is important to note here that " race " was a term that was more often used to discuss plants and animals at this point in history than it was to describe people .
In fact , Darwin avoided much discussion of people in The Origin of Species and only used the word " race " a few times , in each of these cases referring to plants or animals , as in the example below .
Nevertheless , as our varieties certainly do occasionally revert in some of their characters to ancestral forms , it seems to me not improbable , that if we could succeed in naturalising , or were to cultivate , during many generations , the several races , for instance , of the cabbage , in very poor soil ( in which case , however , some effect would have to be attributed to the direct action of the poor soil ) , that they would to a large extent , or even wholly , revert to the wild aboriginal stock .
- The Origin of Species ; Charles Darwin , 1858
It is often pointed out that Darwin frequently used the term " savages " when discussing the tribal people whom he wrote about .
In his use of the term savages , however , Darwin was simply using the standard lexicon of his time ; it was a term that everyone , from Popes to Presidents , used .
It must also be remembered , of course , that the differences between different groups of people were really very extraordinary until basically the past 75 to 50 years .
Many of the groups that Europeans came into contact with practiced cannibalism , self - mutilation , human sacrifice , infanticide , had no writing , and / or were very hostile towards people outside of their own family or tribe .
Most also had no technology beyond stone tools .
These are real substantial differences that were being encountered by many Europeans for the first time .
They were seeking explanations for why this was the case .
Darwin traveled around the world on the HMS Beagle to some of the most remote and uncivilized places on the planet .
Unlike his other European contemporaries , however , he lived among the tribal people that he came into contact with as an equal and observed their customs , instead of seeking to be treated like a superior .
Darwin's most extensive discussion of human race was put forward in his 1871 book The Descent of Man .
This book has been greatly misused by opponents of Darwin because in The Descent of Man Darwin assesses all of the various ideas about race that existed at the time , presenting many ideas of other people , which he later goes on to refute .
In The Descent of Man Darwin takes questions such as " Are people composed of different species ? " and he puts forwards all of the arguments for each position .
He puts forward the evidence and claims of those who argued in favor of the position that humans are in fact separate species , and then he puts forward his own position , which is that humans are all one species .
It is quite easy , however , to takes quotes from The Descent of Man out of context and make it appear that Darwin held positions which were in fact the exact opposite of his beliefs , and this is what many opponents of Darwin have done .
What then are Darwin 's views on race , as put forward in The Descent of Man ?
Our naturalist would likewise be much disturbed as soon as he perceived that the distinctive characters of all the races were highly variable .
This fact strikes every one on first beholding the negro slaves in Brazil , who have been imported from all parts of Africa .
The same remark holds good with the Polynesians , and with many other races .
It may be doubted whether any character can be named which is distinctive of a race and is constant .
Savages , even within the limits of the same tribe , are not nearly so uniform in character , as has been often asserted .
Hottentot women offer certain peculiarities , more strongly marked than those occurring in any other race , but these are known not to be of constant occurrence .
In the several American tribes , colour and hairiness differ considerably ; as does colour to a certain degree , and the shape of the features greatly , in the Negroes of Africa .
The shape of the skull varies much in some races ; and so it is with every other character .
Now all naturalists have learnt by dearly bought experience , how rash it is to attempt to define species by the aid of inconstant characters .
But the most weighty of all the arguments against treating the races of man as distinct species , is that they graduate into each other , independently in many cases , as far as we can judge , of their having inter-crossed .
Man has been studied more carefully than any other animal , and yet there is the greatest possible diversity amongst capable judges whether he should be classed as a single species or race , or as two ( Virey ) , as three ( Jacquinot ) , as four ( Kant ) , five ( Blumenbach ) , six ( Buffon ) , seven ( Hunter ) , eight ( Agassiz ) , eleven ( Pickering ) , fifteen ( Bory St. Vincent ) , sixteen ( Desmoulins ) , twenty - two ( Morton ) , sixty ( Crawfurd ) , or as sixty - three , according to Burke .
This diversity of judgment does not prove that the races ought not to be ranked as species , but it shews that they graduate into each other , and that it is hardly possible to discover clear distinctive characters between them .
- Charles Darwin ; The Descent of Man , 1871
Although the existing races of man differ in many respects , as in colour , hair , shape of skull , proportions of the body , &c. , yet if their whole structure be taken into consideration they are found to resemble each other closely in a multitude of points .
Many of these are of so unimportant or of so singular a nature , that it is extremely improbable that they should have been independently acquired by aboriginally distinct species or races .
The same remark holds good with equal or greater force with respect to the numerous points of mental similarity between the most distinct races of man .
The American aborigines , Negroes and Europeans are as different from each other in mind as any three races that can be named ; yet I was incessantly struck , whilst living with the Feugians on board the " Beagle , " with the many little traits of character , shewing how similar their minds were to ours ; and so it was with a full - blooded negro with whom I happened once to be intimate .
He who will read Mr. Tylor 's and Sir J. Lubbock 's interesting works can hardly fail to be deeply impressed with the close similarity between the men of all races in tastes , dispositions and habits .
This is shown by the pleasure which they all take in dancing , rude music , acting , painting , tattoing , and otherwise decorating themselves ; in their mutual comprehension of gesture - language , by the same expression in their features , and by the same inarticulate cries , when excited by the same emotions .
This similarity , or rather identity , is striking , when contrasted with the different expressions and cries made by distinct species of monkeys .
There is good evidence that the art of shooting with bows and arrows has not been handed down from any common progenitor of mankind , yet as Westropp and Nilsson have remarked , the stone arrow - heads , brought from the most distant parts of the world , and manufactured at the most remote periods , are almost identical ; and this fact can only be accounted for by the various races having similar inventive or mental powers .
The same observation has been made by archeologists with respect to certain widely - prevalent ornaments , such as zig-zags , &c. ; and with respect to various simple beliefs and customs , such as the burying of the dead under megalithic structures .
I remember observing in South America , that there , as in so many other parts of the world , men have generally chosen the summits of lofty hills , to throw up piles of stones , either as a record of some remarkable event , or for burying their dead .
Now when naturalists observe a close agreement in numerous small details of habits , tastes , and dispositions between two or more domestic races , or between nearly - allied natural forms , they use this fact as an argument that they are descended from a common progenitor who was thus endowed ; and consequently that all should be classed under the same species .
The same argument may be applied with much force to the races of man .
As it is improbable that the numerous and unimportant points of resemblance between the several races of man in bodily structure and mental faculties ( I do not here refer to similar customs ) should all have been independently acquired , they must have been inherited from progenitors who had these same characters .
- The Descent of Man ; Charles Darwin ; 1871
The points that Darwin made here clearly reflected a view that races were more alike than what was commonly believed at the time .
As man advances in civilisation , and small tribes are united into larger communities , the simplest reason would tell each individual that he ought to extend his social instincts and sympathies to all the members of the same nation , though personally unknown to him .
This point being once reached , there is only an artificial barrier to prevent his sympathies extending to the men of all nations and races .
If , indeed , such men are separated from him by great differences in appearance or habits , experience unfortunately shews us how long it is , before we look at them as our fellow - creatures .
Sympathy beyond the confines of man , that is , humanity to the lower animals , seems to be one of the latest moral acquisitions .
It is apparently unfelt by savages , except towards their pets .
How little the old Romans knew of it is shewn by their abhorrent gladiatorial exhibitions .
The very idea of humanity , as far as I could observe , was new to most of the Gauchos of the Pampas .
This virtue , one of the noblest with which man is endowed , seems to arise incidentally from our sympathies becoming more tender and more widely diffused , until they are extended to all sentient beings .
As soon as this virtue is honoured and practised by some few men , it spreads through instruction and example to the young , and eventually becomes incorporated in public opinion .
The highest possible stage in moral culture is when we recognise that we ought to control our thoughts , and " not even in inmost thought to think again the sins that made the past so pleasant to us . "
Whatever makes any bad action familiar to the mind , renders its performance by so much the easier .
As Marcus Aurelius long ago said , " Such as are thy habitual thoughts , such also will be the character of thy mind ; for the soul is dyed by the thoughts . "
- Charles Darwin ; The Descent of Man , 1871
These are hardly the words of a racist .
Darwin makes it clear that the propensity for sympathy exists in all people , and that its extension to others among people is a matter of cultural evolution , not race .
The closing remarks in The Descent of Man , however , provide an example Darwin's " disparaging " attitude toward " savages " .
The main conclusion arrived at in this work , namely , that man is descended from some lowly organised form , will , I regret to think , be highly distasteful to many .
But there can hardly be a doubt that we are descended from barbarians .
The astonishment which I felt on first seeing a party of Fuegians on a wild and broken shore will never be forgotten by me , for the reflection at once rushed into my mind - such were our ancestors .
These men were absolutely naked and bedaubed with paint , their long hair was tangled , their mouths frothed with excitement , and their expression was wild , startled , and distrustful .
They possessed hardly any arts , and like wild animals lived on what they could catch ; they had no government , and were merciless to every one not of their own small tribe .
He who has seen a savage in his native land will not feel much shame , if forced to acknowledge that the blood of some more humble creature flows in his veins .
For my own part I would as soon be descended from that heroic little monkey , who braved his dreaded enemy in order to save the life of his keeper , or from that old baboon , who descending from the mountains , carried away in triumph his young comrade from a crowd of astonished dogs - as from a savage who delights to torture his enemies , offers up bloody sacrifices , practises infanticide without remorse , treats his wives like slaves , knows no decency , and is haunted by the grossest superstitions .
Man may be excused for feeling some pride at having risen , though not through his own exertions , to the very summit of the organic scale ; and the fact of his having thus risen , instead of having been aboriginally placed there , may give him hope for a still higher destiny in the distant future .
- The Descent of Man ; Charles Darwin ; 1871 Darwin was hardly alone in this attitude towards tribal people however , and his observations of " savages " are indeed accurate .
The cultures that he came into contact with did engage in these practices , and it can hardly be surprising that he felt displeasure towards these qualities .
Virtually everyone in Western Civilization was repulsed by these traits in other cultures , as they should have been .
Just one small example of how others discussed " savages " comes from an 1897 article in the popular magazine The Great Round World : Missionaries are , as you know , holy and devoted men who go to far countries to spread the knowledge of the Gospel among heathen and unenlightened people .
These good men have always suffered much for their faith .
They go wherever their duty calls , and even carry their message of peace to the terrible cannibals who kill and eat men .
In the early annals of our own country we have records of the terrible sufferings endured by these good men in their missionary work among the redskins .
Missionaries count their perils and their privations as nothing if they can but do the work of God .
Every government is particularly careful to do all that it can to protect its missionaries , and if ignorant savages do them harm , an attempt is always made to punish the wrongdoers , to teach them that these servants of God are well protected .
- The Great Round World ; December 9 , 1897
It is certainly not the case that all tribal cultures exhibited these qualities , indeed Darwin made special notes of the many positive qualities that he observed among various tribal cultures as well , but there is a historical fact that greatly influenced the views of those who came into contact with tribal peoples in the 1800s and early 1900s .
By the 19th century most of the remaining tribal cultures in the world were either highly isolated , and thus tended to be more " primitive " and suspicious of outsiders , or they were the more militant of tribal cultures , or they had become militant and defensive in the face of aggression by Europeans .
Though the early explorers of the 16th through 17th centuries frequently came into contact with peaceful and accommodating natives , most of those cultures had either been exterminated or had adopted Western customs to an extent by the 1800s .
When Darwin was coming into contact with tribal people most of the remaining tribal cultures were the more aggressive or isolated ones .
What is most important about Darwin 's views on race and primitive cultures , however , is that Darwin drew distinctions between race and culture .
Significantly , Darwin did not believe that " savages " were savage by birth , as many people did believe in his time , but rather that all people were relatively equal , and that the vast differences between civilized Europeans and tribal peoples were due to knowledge and instruction .
The western nations of Europe , who now so immeasurably surpass their former savage progenitors , and stand at the summit of civilization , owe little or none of their superiority to direct inheritance from the old Greeks , though they owe much to the written works of that wonderful people .
...
The more efficient causes of progress seem to consist of a good education during youth whilst the brain is impressible , and of a high standard of excellence , inculcated by the ablest and best men , embodied in the laws , customs and traditions of the nation , and enforced by public opinion .
It should , however , be borne in mind , that the enforcement of public opinion depends on our appreciation of the approbation and disapprobation of others ; and this appreciation is founded on our sympathy , which it can hardly be doubted was originally developed through natural selection as one of the most important elements of the social instincts .
- Charles Darwin ;
The Descent of Man , 1871 Important as the struggle for existence has been and even still is , yet as far as the highest part of man 's nature is concerned there are other agencies more important .
For the moral qualities are advanced , either directly or indirectly , much more through the effects of habit , the reasoning powers , instruction , religion , &c. , than through natural selection ;
- Charles Darwin ; The Descent of Man , 1871
The moral faculties are generally and justly esteemed as of higher value than the intellectual powers .
But we should bear in mind that the activity of the mind in vividly recalling past impressions is one of the fundamental though secondary bases of conscience .
This affords the strongest argument for educating and stimulating in all possible ways the intellectual faculties of every human being .
- Charles Darwin ;
The Descent of Man , 1871 Darwin always came back to sympathy as one of the most important aspects of mankind , but more importantly Darwin points out here that Europeans were previously savages themselves and that it was not any biological inheritance from the Greeks that led to the progress of Europeans , but rather it was the transfer of knowledge from the Greeks that bolstered European success .
Darwin noted the importance of social institutions to humanity on many occasions .
Darwin's Views on Slavery and Africans Slavery existed long before Darwin , and America 's race based slave system was well entrenched before Darwin was even born .
Darwin was a member of several abolitionist organizations and he wrote frequently about the injustices of slavery .
Darwin also defended the intelligence of Africans and other non-whites on several occasions .
I will not even allude to the many heart - sickening atrocities which I authentically heard of ; -- nor would I have mentioned the above revolting details , had I not met with several people , so blinded by the constitutional gaiety of the negro as to speak of slavery as a tolerable evil .
Such people have generally visited at the houses of the upper classes , where the domestic slaves are usually well treated , and they have not , like myself , lived amongst the lower classes .
Such inquirers will ask slaves about their condition ; they forget that the slave must indeed be dull , who does not calculate on the chance of his answer reaching his master 's ears .
...
It is often attempted to palliate slavery by comparing the state of slaves with our poorer countrymen : if the misery of our poor be caused not by the laws of nature , but by our institutions , great is our sin ; but how this bears on slavery , I can not see ; as well might the use of the thumb - screw be defended in one land , by showing that men in another land suffered from some dreadful disease .
Those who look tenderly at the slave owner , and with a cold heart at the slave , never seem to put themselves into the position of the latter ; what a cheerless prospect , with not even a hope of change !
picture to yourself the chance , ever hanging over you , of your wife and your little children -- those objects which nature urges even the slave to call his own -- being torn from you and sold like beasts to the first bidder !
And these deeds are done and palliated by men , who profess to love their neighbours as themselves , who believe in God , and pray that his Will be done on earth !
It makes one 's blood boil , yet heart tremble , to think that we Englishmen and our American descendants , with their boastful cry of liberty , have been and are so guilty :
- The Voyage of the Beagle ; Charles Darwin , 1839
In a letter to Thomas Wentworth Higginson , who formed and led the first black regiment in the American Civil War , Darwin wrote :
My wife has just finished reading aloud your ' Life with a Black Regiment , ' and you must allow me to thank you heartily for the very great pleasure which it has in many ways given us .
I always thought well of the negroes , from the little which I have seen of them ; and I have been delighted to have my vague impressions confirmed , and their character and mental powers so ably discussed .
When you were here I did not know of the noble position which you had filled .
I had formerly read about the black regiments , but failed to connect your name with your admirable undertaking .
Although we enjoyed greatly your visit to Down , my wife and myself have over and over again regretted that we did not know about the black regiment , as we should have greatly liked to have heard a little about the South from your own lips .
Your descriptions have vividly recalled walks taken forty years ago in Brazil .
We have your collected Essays , which were kindly sent us by Mr. Conway , but have not yet had time to read them .
I occasionally glean a little news of you in the ' Index ' ; and within the last hour have read an interesting article of yours on the progress of Free Thought .
- Letter from Darwin to Thomas Higginson , February 27 , 1873
While on the voyage of the HMS Beagle Darwin wrote : I was told before leaving England that after living in slave countries all my opinions would be altered ; the only alteration I am aware of is forming a much higher estimate of the negro character .
It is impossible to see a negro and not feel kindly towards him ; such cheerful , open , honest expressions and such fine muscular bodies .
I never saw any of the diminutive Portuguese , with their murderous countenances , without almost wishing for Brazil to follow the example of Haiti ; and , considering the enormous healthy - looking black population , it will be wonderful if , at some future day , it does not take place .
- Letter from Darwin to J.S. Henslo , March 1834
In Haiti the African slaves rebelled and formed their own democratic government in 1803 .
For Darwin to have endorsed the idea of negro slaves rebelling and taking control of countries is quite extraordinary and was definitely an extreme minority position among Europeans .
When Darwin was eighteen he recorded his acquaintances with a black man in the UK , whom he had spent time with .
His notes were later published in his autobiography .
By the way , a negro lived in Edinburgh , who had travelled with Waterton , and gained his livelihood by stuffing birds , which he did excellently : he gave me lessons for payment , and I used often to sit with him , for he was a very pleasant and intelligent man .
- Charles Darwin ; The Life and Letters of Charles Darwin , 1887 In the autobiographical chapter of The Life and Letters of Charles Darwin , Darwin recalled the following about the conflicts that arose during his voyage on the HMS Beagle over the issue of slavery .
Fitz - Roy 's temper was a most unfortunate one .
It was usually worst in the early morning , and with his eagle eye he could generally detect something amiss about the ship , and was then unsparing in his blame .
He was very kind to me , but was a man very difficult to live with on the intimate terms which necessarily followed from our messing by ourselves in the same cabin .
We had several quarrels ; for instance , early in the voyage at Bahia , in Brazil , he defended and praised slavery , which I abominated , and told me that he had just visited a great slave - owner , who had called up many of his slaves and asked them whether they were happy , and whether they wished to be free , and all answered " No . "
I then asked him , perhaps with a sneer , whether he thought that the answer of slaves in the presence of their master was worth anything ?
This made him excessively angry , and he said that as I doubted his word we could not live any longer together .
I thought that I should have been compelled to leave the ship ; but as soon as the news spread , which it did quickly , as the captain sent for the first lieutenant to assuage his anger by abusing me , I was deeply gratified by receiving an invitation from all the gun-room officers to mess with them .
But after a few hours Fitz - Roy showed his usual magnanimity by sending an officer to me with an apology and a request that I would continue to live with him .
- Charles Darwin ; The Life and Letters of Charles Darwin , 1887 With all of this , however , opponents of evolution would have us believe that Darwin and evolutionary theory are responsible , at least in part , for the racism of the early 20th century .
Yet 20th century racism was strongest in America in the South , where evolution was least accepted and barely even taught .
The Ku Klux Klan , which reached its height in the 1920s , was both the leading institution of violent racism and also an opponent of evolution .
Ku Klux Klan meeting , 1925 The KKK was ( and still is ) a Protestant based organization .
In 1915 D.W. Griffith 's silent film , The Birth of a Nation , was released and it quickly became a national hit .
The film did cause controversy , but went on to become the highest grossing silent film of all time .
The Birth of a Nation described how Abraham Lincoln had undermined state sovereignty and created a powerful federal government .
It depicted Northern blacks and freed slaves as monstrous villains who were destroying white civilization and abusing their new - found power after the Civil War .
The major villain of the film is a mulatto , a man of " mixed white and black race " .
Near the final climax of the film , where the Ku Klux Klan unites to save a town from " Negro anarchy " , the film 's protagonists retreat to a cabin that is occupied by a Union Civil War veteran and the following scene commences :
The final scene of the film shows Jesus appearing as an apparition among a group of celebrating white people , signifying his protection of the nation .
To be sure racism has many causes and it would not be accurate to place all of the blame on religion , but clearly racism and hatred of blacks was strongest among the opponents of evolution .
It is not mere coincidence that both the Scopes Trial and the height of the KKK movement took place in the 1920s .
In the Journal of American History Jeffrey P. Morgan writes the following about racism and the Scopes trial :
In the year after the 1924 Democratic convention , where [ William Jennings ]
Bryan [ the prosecutor of the Scopes trial ] had thrown his weight against a resolution condemning the Ku Klux Klan , Pickens lumped Bryan together with the Klan as a matter of course .
Bryan 's offense , suggested J. A. Rogers in the Messenger , A. Philip Randolph 's radical journal , was the same hypocrisy that tainted Fundamentalists throughout the South : " Bryan from the pulpit preaches the domination of Christ ; in politics he practices Ku Kluxism and white domination , the bulwarks of which are lynching , murder , rape , arson , theft , and concubinage . " ...
And Bryan was one of the more racially benign antievolutionists .
One of his allies , South Carolina 's former governor and current U.S. senator , Cole Blease , not only endorsed a rigid antievolution law but also virulently and publicly supported the extralegal lynching of black men .
Blease had earned notoriety by planting the severed finger of a lynched African American in the gubernatorial garden .
...
Secular black commentators charged that the goad to the antievolution movement , from the top on down , was fear of Darwinism 's racial implications .
If black and white had a common ancestry , as evolutionary theory suggested , then the South 's elaborate racial barriers might seem arbitrary rather than God - given .
...
Most black writers discerned a more direct connection between racial prejudice and the antievolution movement .
In their view white southerners opposed evolution because it implied a common heritage for the races and therefore threatened white supremacy .
In the volatile racial atmosphere of the 1920s South , the logic of evolutionary thought seemed to point in the direction of racial kinship and intermarriage .
Black observers interpreted antievolutionism as a white attempt to quash such implications and thereby to preserve the campaign for racial separation that had begun in the 1880s .
Evolution did imply an uncomfortable kinship between the descendants of Africans and of Europeans .
The Chicago Defender maintained that Tennessee 's legislators were suppressing evolution because of the Darwinian implication " that the entire human race is supposed to have started from a common origin . "
" Admit that premise , " the editorialist continued , " and they will have to admit that there is no fundamental difference between themselves and the race they pretend to despise . "
Echoing " Cimbee 's Ramblings , " William N. Jones in his " Day by Day " column for the Baltimore Afro-American asserted emphatically that white Tennesseans believed God had " CREATED SOME HUMAN BEING [ S ] DIFFERENT AND DISTINCT FROM OTHERS . "
Evolution clearly contradicted such a belief .
Nor were black critics the only ones who claimed to see a strong racial component in antievolutionism .
The southern white journalist W. J. Cash , who observed the controversy at close range , recalled later , " One of the most stressed notions which went around was that evolution made a Negro as good as a white man - that is , threatened White Supremacy . "
Although the race question did not arise explicitly in the Scopes trial itself , African American intellectuals believed that the white South was seriously troubled by evolution 's destabilizing implications for Anglo - Saxon supremacy .
...
For the secular black elite , science did more than merely contradict the Nordic dogma ; it promised a way out of the stagnation and parochialism of life in the South .
In another cartoon commenting on the Scopes trial , under the caption " Where Sunshine Reaches Darkness , " Wilbert Holloway of the Pittsburgh Courier presented a map of the United States east of the Mississippi River .
Upon the northern states and the upper South , the sun pours down rays of enlightenment labeled " Science , " " Research , " " Development , " " Progress , " and " Intelligence . "
Only the states of the Deep South , below what Holloway denotes " The New Mason and Dixon Line , " remain in a darkness that science and its allies cannot penetrate .
Given the context , it is odd that Holloway allowed the sun to shine on Tennessee , but the accompanying article , entitled " Ignorance vs. Science , " made clear the author 's opinion that science was indeed fighting a war against the dominance of ignorance in Tennessee and the South in general .
" For the sake of those yet to be born in the South , " concluded the author , " we hope science wins . " ... Scientific progress and the evolutionary hypothesis held particular meanings for the African American elite .
Black leaders embraced the racial implications of evolution - the common origins of humanity and the importance of environment as well as heredity - and they believed that evolutionary science itself embodied the spirit of progress that would lift the race higher .
In a series of columns for the Baltimore Afro- American during spring 1925 , William N. Jones found two reasons to appreciate evolutionary progress .
First , the lessons of evolution had created greater racial sympathy in the short term .
As he celebrated the hundredth anniversary of T. H. Huxley 's birth , Jones claimed that few white men had done as much as Huxley to help race relations , for Huxley had followed Darwin 's scientific line of reasoning to question the idea that some men " by Divine right " were born kings , while others " by Divine curse " were born slaves .
" Science won , " Jones asserted , " and as a result the world , in spite of hidebound and narrow dogmas , is heading towards real brotherhood . " ...
Not surprisingly , during the Scopes trial many African American leaders identified with the scientific elite in opposition to the white southerners who were prosecuting the young science teacher .
- Jeffrey P. Morgan ; Reading Race into the Scopes Trial : African American Elites , Science , and Fundamentalism , Journal of American History , Vol. 90 .
No. 3 ; 2003
While there certainly were both Christians who preached the doctrine that God had created all men equal , and those who used evolutionary concepts to support their racist views , on the whole evolutionary views came down solidly on the side of breaking down racial barriers and promoting a view of progress for all , while many people used Christianity to support ideas of racial segregation , " purity of race " , and the legitimization of subordinates and masters .
Anti-Semitism , Genocide , Eugenics , and Nazism Anti-Semitism and eugenics are not directly related subjects , but they are both heavily associated with the Nazi movement .
Anti-Semitism really has nothing to do with evolution whatsoever , so I will deal with the subject of eugenics first .
Eugenics is defined as :
The study of hereditary improvement of the human race by controlled selective breeding .
Eugenics is not , in any way , reliant on evolutionary theory .
Eugenic type behavior has been present in human civilization for thousands of years .
Indeed , traditional arranged marriages are a form of eugenics , a practice that dates into pre-history .
One of the cultures with the most firmly established traditions of selective marriage is the Hindu culture of India , with its cast system and long history of arranged marriage .
Traditional Indian culture is a culture of eugenics .
Selective marriage , and even arranged marriage based strictly on physical and mental traits , was practiced among the ancient Greeks as well , and indeed it has been documented in many instances among tribal people .
Many of the Native American and African tribes selected brides by lining them up and choosing based on their physical features .
So , certainly , eugenics is not reliant on evolutionary theory .
What scientific eugenics is reliant on is genetics , not evolution .
The science of eugenics is the science of heredity , which is not denied by anyone today , at least not any reasonable person .
Eugenics is sometimes also taken to mean , however , not only selective breeding , but also selective killing or sterilization of " unfit " individuals .
It is this concept that is most often associated with the Nazis .
This practice too , however , has been employed by many different cultures for thousands of years .
When Darwin was publishing his works on evolution , eugenic concepts did come up and he did address them .
What then did Darwin have to say about eugenic ideas ?
The aid which we feel impelled to give to the helpless is mainly an incidental result of the instinct of sympathy , which was originally acquired as part of the instincts , but subsequently rendered , in the manner previously indicated , more tender and more widely diffused .
Nor could we check our sympathy , even at the urging of hard reason , without deterioration in the noblest part of our nature .
The surgeon may harden himself whilst performing an operation , for he knows that he is acting for the good of his patient ; but if we were intentionally to neglect the weak and helpless , it could only be for a contingent benefit , with an overwhelming present evil .
We must therefore bear the undoubtedly bad effects of the weak surviving and propagating their kind ; but there appears to be at least one check in steady action , namely that the weaker and inferior members of society do not marry so freely as the sound ; and this check might be indefinitely increased by the weak in body or mind refraining from marriage , though this is more to be hoped for than expected .
- Charles Darwin ; The Descent of Man , 1871
The advancement of the welfare of mankind is a most intricate problem : all ought to refrain from marriage who cannot avoid abject poverty for their children ; for poverty is not only a great evil , but tends to its own increase by leading to recklessness in marriage .
On the other hand , as Mr. Galton has remarked , if the prudent avoid marriage , whilst the reckless marry , the inferior members tend to supplant the better members of society .
Man , like every other animal , has no doubt advanced to his present high condition through a struggle for existence consequent on his rapid multiplication ; and if he is to advance still higher , it is to be feared that he must remain subject to a severe struggle .
Otherwise he would sink into indolence , and the more gifted men would not be more successful in the battle of life than the less gifted .
Hence our natural rate of increase , though leading to many and obvious evils , must not be greatly diminished by any means .
There should be open competition for all men ; and the most able should not be prevented by laws or customs from succeeding best and rearing the largest number of offspring .
Important as the struggle for existence has been and even still is , yet as far as the highest part of man 's nature is concerned there are other agencies more important .
For the moral qualities are advanced , either directly or indirectly , much more through the effects of habit , the reasoning powers , instruction , religion , &c. , than through natural selection ; though to this latter agency may be safely attributed the social instincts , which afforded the basis for the development of the moral sense .
- Charles Darwin ;
The Descent of Man , 1871 Clearly there was an acknowledgment of the implications of inheritance , and this was framed in the light of evolution , however , Darwin 's main conclusions were that :
Neglecting the weak , much less killing them , would be an unallowable " evil "
Cultural factors played a more important role in the advancement of mankind than selection
The most that could be hoped for was that people living in poverty would not bring children into poverty
Progress was open to all people , and there should be no laws to give favoritism to specific groups
In From Darwin to Hitler , however , Dr. Weikart asserts that :
In Hitler 's mind Darwinism provided the moral justification for infanticide , euthanasia , genocide , and other policies that had been ( and thankfully still are ) considered immoral by more conventional moral standards .
Evolution provided the ultimate goals of his policy : the biological improvement of the human species .
- Dr. Richard Weikart ; From Darwin to Hitler , 2004 Darwinism by itself did not produce the Holocaust , but without Darwinism , especially in its social Darwinist and eugenics permutations , neither Hitler nor his Nazi followers would have had the necessary scientific underpinnings to convince themselves and their collaborators that one of the world 's greatest atrocities was really morally praiseworthy .
Darwinism - or at least some naturalistic interpretations of Darwinism - succeeded in turning morality on its head .
- Dr. Richard Weikart ; From Darwin to Hitler , 2004
It must be noted that in all of Hitler 's writings he never mentions Darwin or even Ernst Haeckel , Dr. Weikart just reads his interpretation of Darwinism into Hitler views .
What , then , were Adolph Hitler 's views , and on what did he base his racism and his strive for " improvement of the human species " ?
Everybody who has the right kind of feeling for his country is solemnly bound , each within his own denomination , to see to it that he is not constantly talking about the Will of God merely from the lips but that in actual fact he fulfils the Will of God and does not allow God 's handiwork to be debased .
For it was by the Will of God that men were made of a certain bodily shape , were given their natures and their faculties .
Whoever destroys
His work wages war against God 's Creation and God 's Will .
...
Thus men without exception wander about in the garden of Nature ; they imagine that they know practically everything and yet with few exceptions pass blindly by one of the most patent principles of Nature 's rule : the inner segregation of the species of all living beings on this earth .
Even the most superficial observation shows that Nature 's restricted form of propagation and increase is an almost rigid basic law of all the innumerable forms of expression of her vital urge .
Every animal mates only with a member of the same species .
The titmouse seeks the titmouse , the finch the finch , the stork the stork , the field mouse the field mouse , the dormouse the dormouse , the wolf the she - wolf , etc. ...
This is only too natural .
Any crossing of two beings not at exactly the same level produces a medium between the level of the two parents .
This means : the offspring will probably stand higher than the racially lower parent , but not as high as the higher one .
Consequently , it will later succumb in the struggle against the higher level .
Such mating is contrary to the will of Nature for a higher breeding of all life .
The precondition for this does not lie in associating superior and inferior , but in the total victory of the former .
The stronger must dominate and not blend with the weaker , thus sacrificing his own greatness .
Only the born weakling can view this as cruel , but he after all is only a weak and limited man ; for if this law did not prevail , any conceivable higher development of organic living beings would be unthinkable .
The consequence of this racial purity , universally valid in Nature , is not only the sharp outward delimitation of the various races , but their uniform character in themselves .
The fox is always a fox , the goose a goose , the tiger a tiger , etc. , and the difference can lie at most in the varying measure of force , strength , intelligence , dexterity , endurance , etc. , of the individual specimens .
But you will never find a fox who in his inner attitude might , for example , show humanitarian tendencies toward geese , as similarly there is no cat with a friendly inclination toward mice .
...
The result of all racial crossing is therefore in brief always the following : Lowering of the level of the higher race ;
Physical and intellectual regression and hence the beginning of a slowly but surely progressing sickness .
To bring about such a development is , then , nothing else but to sin against the will of the eternal creator .
...
With satanic joy in his face , the black - haired Jewish youth lurks in wait for the unsuspecting girl whom he defiles with his blood , thus stealing her from her people .
With every means he tries to destroy the racial foundations of the people he has set out to subjugate .
Just as he himself systematically ruins women and girls , he does not shrink back from pulling down the blood barriers for others , even on a large scale .
It was and it is Jews who bring the Negroes into the Rhineland , always with the same secret thought and clear aim of ruining the hated white race by the necessarily resulting bastardization , throwing it down from its cultural and political height , and himself rising to be its master .
For a racially pure people which is conscious of its blood can never be enslaved by the Jew .
In this world he will forever be master over bastards and bastards alone .
...
We must bear in mind that in the time when the American continent was being opened up , numerous Aryans fought for their livelihood as trappers , hunters , etc. , and often in larger troops with wife and children , always on the move , so that their existence was completely like that of the nomads .
But as soon as their increasing number and better implements permitted them to clear the wild soil and make a stand against the natives , more and more settlements sprang up in the land .
- Mein Kampf ; Adolph Hitler , 1925 During his time as leader of Germany Hitler worked on a sequel to Mein Kampf , which was later published under the title Hitler 's Secret Book .
In this manuscript Hitler had written : Sparta must be regarded as the first folkish state .
The exposure of the sick , weak , deformed children , in short their destruction , was more decent and in truth a thousand times more humane than the wretched insanity of our day which preserves the most pathological subject .
... Neither Spain nor Britain should be models of the German expansion , but the Nordics of North America , who had ruthlessly pushed aside an inferior race to win for themselves soil and territory for the future .
- Adolph Hitler ; " Hitler 's Secret Book " Just in the same way Cortez or Pizarro annexed Central America and the northern states of South America , not on the basis of any claim of right , but from the absolute inborn feeling of the superiority of the white race .
The settlement of the North American continent is just as little the consequence of any claim of superior right in any democratic or international sense ; it was the consequence of a consciousness of right which was rooted solely in the conviction of the superiority and therefore of the right of the white race .
- Adolph Hitler ; Dusseldorf Speech , 1932 Hitler and Nazi ideology held that race was sacred .
Darwin 's evolutionary theory was about much more than simply inheritance and " survival of the fittest " ( a term that was coined by the economist Herbert Spencer to defend capitalism in 1851 , but then latter became associated with Darwin 's theory of evolution ) .
Darwin took away the scared view of race and species , he showed that there were no significant distinctions between races and between species .
Hitler viewed his eugenic policies as being rooted in ancient practices , not evolutionary theory , and he viewed the extermination of natives in America as a model for his actions in Europe .
Compare the above views espoused by Hitler to the statements of Darwin : Hereafter we shall be compelled to acknowledge that the only distinction between species and well - marked varieties is , that the latter are known , or believed , to be connected at the present day by intermediate gradations , whereas species were formerly thus connected .
Hence , without quite rejecting the consideration of the present existence of intermediate gradations between any two forms , we shall be led to weigh more carefully and to value higher the actual amount of difference between them .
It is quite possible that forms now generally acknowledged to be merely varieties may hereafter be thought worthy of specific names , as with the primrose and cowslip ; and in this case scientific and common language will come into accordance .
In short , we shall have to treat species in the same manner as those naturalists treat genera , who admit that genera are merely artificial combinations made for convenience .
This may not be a cheering prospect ; but we shall at least be freed from the vain search for the undiscovered and undiscoverable essence of the term species .
You can never be fast enough , and if your performance does n't steadily improve people will feel like you 're moving backward .
People eventually * do * want Ruby code to run as fast as C or Java , and if we can make it happen we should .
JRuby users like to write in Ruby , obviously , so we should make an effort to allow writing more of JRuby in Ruby , which requires that we suffer no performance penalty in the process .
Working on performance can be a dreadful time sink , but succeeding in improving it can be a tremendous ( albeit shallow ) ego boost .
So along with other work for JRuby 1.6 , I 'm back in the compiler .
I 'm just starting to play with this stuff , so take all my results as highly preliminary .
A JRuby Call Site Primer
call site .
Other VMs may simply refer to the location of the call as the " call site " , but in JRuby , each call site has an implementation of At each location in Ruby code where a dynamic call happens , JRuby installs what 's called a .
Other VMs may simply refer to the location of the call as the " call site " , but in JRuby , each call site has an implementation of org.jruby.runtime .CallSite associated with it .
So given the following code :
def fib(a )
if a < 2
a
else
fib(a - 1 ) + fib(a - 2 )
end
end
@JRubyMethod ( name = " + " )
public IRubyObject op_plus( ThreadContext context , IRubyObject other ) {
if ( other instanceof RubyFixnum ) {
return add Fixnum ( context , ( RubyFixnum ) other ) ;
}
return add Other ( context , other ) ;
}
invokers
First Steps Toward Runtime Optimization
turn dynamic calls into static calls
Step One : Turn Dynamic Into Static
public static class NativeCall {
private final Class nativeTarget ;
private final String nativeName ;
private final Class nativeReturn ;
private final Class [ ] nativeSignature ;
private final boolean statik ;
...
INVOKEVIRTUAL org/jruby/runtime/CallSite.call
INVOKEVIRTUAL org/jruby/RubyFixnum.op_plus
Step Two : Reduce Some Fixnum Use
public IRubyObject op_plus( ThreadContext context , long other ) {
return add Fixnum ( context , other ) ;
}
how
INVOKEVIRTUAL org/jruby/RubyFixnum.op_minus ( Lorg / jruby / runtime / ThreadContext ; J )
Step Three : Steal a Micro-optimization
INVOKESTATIC ruby/jit/fib_ruby_B52DB2843EB6D56226F26C559F5510210E9E330D.__file__
Everything Else I 'm Not Telling You
And Now , Numbers Meaningless to Anyone Not Using JRuby To Calculate Fibonacci Numbers
0.357000 0.000000 0.357000 ( 0.290000 )
0.176000 0.000000 0.176000 ( 0.176000 )
0.174000 0.000000 0.174000 ( 0.174000 )
0.175000 0.000000 0.175000 ( 0.175000 )
0.174000 0.000000 0.174000 ( 0.174000 )
0.383000 0.000000 0.383000 ( 0.330000 )
0.109000 0.000000 0.109000 ( 0.108000 )
0.111000 0.000000 0.111000 ( 0.112000 )
0.101000 0.000000 0.101000 ( 0.101000 )
0.101000 0.000000 0.101000 ( 0.101000 )
0.443000 0.000000 0.443000 ( 0.376000 )
0.035000 0.000000 0.035000 ( 0.035000 )
0.036000 0.000000 0.036000 ( 0.036000 )
0.036000 0.000000 0.036000 ( 0.036000 )
0.036000 0.000000 0.036000 ( 0.036000 )
1.750000 0.000000 1.750000 ( 1.695000 )
0.779000 0.000000 0.779000 ( 0.779000 )
0.764000 0.000000 0.764000 ( 0.764000 )
0.775000 0.000000 0.775000 ( 0.775000 )
0.763000 0.000000 0.763000 ( 0.763000 )
0.899000 0.000000 0.899000 ( 0.832000 )
0.331000 0.000000 0.331000 ( 0.331000 )
0.332000 0.000000 0.332000 ( 0.332000 )
0.329000 0.000000 0.329000 ( 0.329000 )
0.331000 0.000000 0.331000 ( 0.332000 )
Hooray for the JVM
let the JVM do it
We 've often talked about the benefit of running on the JVM , and while our performance numbers have been * good * , they 've never been as incredibly awesome as a lot of people expected .
After all , regardless of how well we performed when compared to other Ruby implementations , we were n't as fast as statically - typed JVM languages .
It 's time for that to change .
I 've started playing with performing more optimizations based on runtime information in JRuby .
You may know that JRuby has always had a JIT ( just - in - time compiler ) , which lazily compiled Ruby AST into JVM bytecode .
What you may not know is that unlike most other JIT - based systems , we did not gather any information at runtime that might help the eventual compilation produces a better result .
All we applied were the same static optimizations we could safely do for AOT compilation ( ahead - of - time , like jrubyc ) , and ultimately the JIT mode just deferred compilation to reduce the startup cost of compiling everything before it runs .
This was a pragmatic decision ; the JVM itself does a lot to boost performance , even with our very naïve compiler and our limited static optimizations .
Because of that , our performance has been perfectly fine for most users ; we have n't even made a concentrated effort to improve execution speed for almost 18 months , since the JRuby 1.1.6 release .
We 've spent a lot more time handling the issues users actually wanted us to work on : better Java integration , specific Ruby incompatibilities , memory reduction ( and occasional leaks ) , peripheral libraries like jruby - rack and activerecord - jdbc , and general system stability .
When we asked users what we should focus on , performance always came up as a " nice to have " but rarely as something people had a problem with .
We performed very nicely .
These days , however , we 're recognizing a few immutable truths :
There are six call sites : the " call site cache at each call site to blunt that lookup cost .
And in implementation terms , that means each caching CallSite is an instance of org.jruby.runtime.callsite.CachingCallSite .
Easy , right ?
The simplest way to take advantage of runtime information is to use these caching call sites as hints for what method we 've been calling at a given call site .
Let 's take the example of " + " .
The " + " method here is being called against a Fixnum object every time it 's encountered , since our particular run of " fib " never overflows into Bignum and never works with Float objects .
In JRuby , Fixnum is implemented with org. jruby .
RubyFixnum , and the " + " method is bound to RubyFixnum.op_plus .
Here 's the implementation of op_plus in JRuby :
The details of the actual addition in add Fixnum are left as an exercise for the reader .
Notice that we have an annotation on the method : @ JRubyMethod ( name = " + " ) .
All the Ruby core classes implemented in JRuby are tagged with a similar annotation , where we can specify the minimum and maximum numbers of arguments , the Ruby - visible method name ( e.g. " + " here , which is not a valid Java method name ) , and other details of how the method should be called .
Notice also that the method takes two arguments : the current ThreadContext ( thread - local Ruby - specific runtime structures ) , and the " other " argument being added .
When we build JRuby , we scan the JRuby codebase for JRubyMethod annotations and generate what we call , one for every unique class + name combination in the core classes .
These invokers are all instance of org.jruby.internal.runtime.methods .
DynamicMethod , and they carry various informational details about the method as well as implementing various " call " signatures .
The reason we generate an invoker class per method is simple : most JVMs will not inline through code used for many different code paths , so if we only had a single invoker for all methods in the system ... nothing would ever inline .
So , putting it all together .
At runtime , we have a CachingCallSite instance for every method call in the code .
The first time we call " + " for example , we go out and fetch the method object and cache it in place for future calls .
That cached method object is a subclass of DynamicMethod , which knows how to do the eventual invocation of RubyFixnum.op_plus and return the desired result .
Simple !
The changes I 'm working on locally will finally take advantage of the fact that after running for a while , we have a darn good idea what methods are being called .
And if we know what methods are being called , those invocations no longer have to be dynamic , provided our assumptions hold ( assumptions being things like " we 're always calling against Fixnums " or " it 's always the core implementation of " + " ) .
Put differently : because JRuby defers its eventual compilation to JVM bytecode , we can potentially The process is actually very simple , and since I just started playing with it two days ago , I 'll describe the steps I took .
First , I needed the generated methods to bring along enough information for me to do a direct call .
Specifically , I needed to know what target Java class they pointed at ( RubyFixnum in our " + " example ) , what the Java name of the method was ( op_plus ) , what arguments the method signature expected to receive ( returning IRubyObject and receiving ThreadContext , IRubyObject ) , and whether the implementation was static ( as are most module - based methods ... but our " op_plus " is not ) .
So I bundled this information into what I called a " NativeCall " data structure , populated on any invokers for which a native call might be possible .
In the compiler , I added a similar bit of logic .
When compiling a dynamic call , it now will look to see whether the call site has already cached some method .
If so , it checks whether that method has a corresponding NativeCall data structure associated with it .
If it does , then instead of emitting the dynamic call logic it would normally emit , it compiles a normal , direct JVM invocation .
So where we used to have a call like this :
We now have a call like this :
This call to " + " is now essentially equivalent to writing the same code in Java against our RubyFixnum class .
This comprises the first step : get the compiler to recognize and " make static " dynamic calls we 've seen before .
My experimental code is able to do this for most core class methods right now , and it will not be difficult to extend it to any call .
( The astute VM implementer will notice I made no mention of inserting a guard or test before the direct call , in case we later need to actually call a different method .
This is , for the moment , intentional .
I 'll come back to it ) .
The second step I took was to allow some call paths to use primitive values rather than boxed RubyFixnum objects .
RubyFixnum in JRuby always represents a 64 - bit long value , but since our call path only supports invocation with IRubyObject , we generally have to construct a new RubyFixnum for all dynamic calls .
These objects are very small and usually very short - lived , so they do n't impact GC times much .
But they do impact allocation rates ; we still have to grab the memory space for every RubyFixnum , and so we 're constantly chewing up memory bandwidth to do so .
There are various ways in which VMs can eliminate or reduce object allocations like this : stack allocation , value types , true fixnums , escape analysis , and more .
But of these , only escape analysis is available on current JVMs , and it's a very fragile optimization : all paths that would consume an object must be completely inlined , or else the object can't be elided .
So to help reduce the burden on the JVM , we have a couple call paths that can receive a single long or double argument where it 's possible for us to prove that we 're passing a boxed long or double value ( i.e. a RubyFixnum or RubyFloat ) .
The second step I took was to make the compiler aware of several of these methods on RubyFixnum , such as the long version of op_plus :
Since we have not yet implemented more advanced means of proving a given object is always a Fixnum ( like doing local type propagation or per-variable type profiling at runtime ) , the compiler currently can only see that we 're making a call with a literal value like " 100 " or " 12.5 " .
As luck would have it , there 's three such cases in the " fib " implementation above : one for the " which actual method is being called in each case andto make a call without standing up a RubyFixnum object , our actual call in the bytecode gets simplified further : ( For the uninitiated , that " J " at the end of the signature means this call is passing a primitive long for the second argument to op_minus . )
We now have the potential to insert additional compiler smarts about how to make a call more efficiently .
This is a simple case , of course , but consider the potential for another case : calling from Ruby to arbitrary Java code .
Instead of encumbering that call with all our own multi-method dispatch logic * plus * the multiple layers of Java 's reflection API , we can instead make the call * directly * , going straight from Ruby code to Java code with no intervening code .
And with no intervening code , the JVM will be able to inline arbitrary Java code straight into Ruby code , optimize it as a whole .
Are we getting excited yet ?
There 's two pesky calls remaining in " fib " : the recursive invocations of " fib " itself .
Now the smart thing to do would be to proceed with adding logic to the compiler to be aware of calls from currently - jitting Ruby code to not - yet jitted Ruby code and handle that accordingly .
For example , we might also force those methods to compile , and the methods they call to compile , and so on , allowing us to optimize from a " hot " method outward to potentially " colder " methods within some threshold distance .
And of course , that 's probably what we 'll do ; it 's trivial to trigger any Ruby method in JRuby to JIT at any time , so adding this to the compiler will be a few minutes work .
But since I 've only been playing with this since Thursday , I figured I 'd do an even smarter thing : cheat .
Instead of adding the additional compiler smarts , I instead threw in a dirt - simple single - optimization subset of those smarts : detect self - recursion and optimize that case alone .
In JRuby terms , this meant simply seeing that the " fib " CachingCallSite objects pointed back to the same " fib " method we were currently compiling .
Instead of plumbing them through the dynamic pipeline , we make them be direct recursive calls , similar to the core method calls to " Where " B52DB28 ... " is the SHA1 hash of the " fib " method , and __file__ is the default entry point for jitted calls .
As with any experiment , I 'm bending compatibility a bit here to show how far we can move JRuby 's " upper bound " on performance .
So these optimizations currently include some caveats .
They currently damage Ruby backtraces , since by skipping the invokers we 're no longer tracking Ruby - specific backtrace information ( current method , file , line , etc ) in a heap - based structure .
This is one area where JRuby loses some performance , since the JVM is actually double - tracking both the Java backtrace information and the Ruby backtrace information .
We will need to do a bit more work toward making the Java backtrace actually show the relevant Ruby information , or else generate our Ruby backtraces by mining the Java backtrace ( and the existing " - - fast " flag actually does this already , matching normal Ruby traces pretty well ) .
The changes also do n't track the data necessary for managing " backref " and " lastline " data ( the $ ~ and $ _ pseudo - globals ) , which means that regular expression matches or line reads might have reduced functionality in the presence of these optimizations ( though you might never notice ; those variables are usually discouraged ) .
This behavior can be restored by clever use of thread - local stacks ( only pushing down the stack when in the presence of a method that might use those pseudo - globals ) , or by simply easing back the optimizations if those variables are likely to be used .
Ideally we 'll be able to use runtime profiling to make a smart decision , since we 'll know whether a given call site has ever encountered a method that reads or writes $ ~ or $ _. Finally , I have not inserted the necessary guards before these direct invocations that would branch to doing a normal dynamic call .
This was again a pragmatic decision to speed the progress of my experiment ... but it also raises an interesting question .
What if we knew , without a doubt , that our code had seen all the types and methods it would ever see .
Would n't it be nice to say " optimize yourself to death " and know it 's doing so ?
While I doubt we 'll see a JRuby ship without some guard in place ( ideally a simple " method ID " comparison , which I would n't expect to impact performance much ) , I think it 's almost assured that we 'll allow users to " opt in " to completely " statickifying " specific of code .
And it 's likely that if we started moving more of JRuby 's implementation into Ruby code , we would take advantage of " fully " optimizing as well .
With all these caveats in mind , let 's take a look at some numbers .
The " fib " method is dreadfully abused in benchmarking .
It 's largely a method call benchmark , since most calls spawn at least two more recursive calls and potentially several others if numeric operations are calls as well .
In JRuby , it doubles as an allocation - rate or memory - bandwidth benchmark , since the bulk of our time is spent constructing Fixnum objects or updating per-call runtime data structures .
But since it's a simple result to show , I 'm going to abuse it again .
Please keep in mind these numbers are meaningless except in comparison to each other ; JRuby is still cranking through a lot more objects than implementations with true Fixnums or value types , and the JVM is almost certainly over - optimizing portions of this benchmark .
But of course , that 's part of the point ; we 're making it possible for the JVM to accelerate and potentially eliminate unnecessary computation , and it's all becoming possible because we 're using runtime data to improve runtime compilation .
I 'll be using JRuby 1.6.dev ( master plus my hacks ) on OS X Java 6 ( 1.6.0_20 ) 64 - bit Server VM on a MacBook Pro Core 2 Duo at 2.66GHz .
First , the basic JRuby " fib " numbers with full Ruby backtraces and dynamic calls :
Now , with backtraces calculated from Java backtraces , dynamic calls restructured slightly to be more inlinable ( but still dynamic and via invokers ) , and limited use of primitive call paths .
Essentially the fastest we can get in JRuby 1.5 without totally breaking compatibility ( and with some minor breakages , in fact ) :
Now , using all the runtime optimizations described above .
Keep in mind these numbers will probably drop a bit with guards in place ( but they 're still pretty fantastic ) :
And a couple comparisons of another mostly - recursive , largely - abused benchmark target : the tak function ... Static optimizations only , as fast as we can make it :
And with runtime optimizations :
So for these trivial benchmarks , a couple hours hacking in JRuby 's compiler has produced numbers 2 - 3 x faster than the fastest JRuby performance we 've achieved thusfar .
Understanding why requires one last section .
There 's a missing trick here I have n't explained : the JVM is still doing most of the work for us .
In the plain old dynamic - calling , static - optimized case , the JVM is dutifully optimizing everything we throw at it .
It 's taking our Ruby calls , inlining the invokers and their eventual calls , inlining core class methods ( yes , this means we 've always been able to inline Ruby into Ruby or Java into Ruby or Ruby into Java , given the appropriate tweaks ) , and optimizing things very well .
But here 's the problem : the JVM 's default settings are tuned for optimizing * Java* , not for optimizing Ruby .
In Java , a call from one method to another has exactly one hop .
In JRuby 's dynamic calls , it may take three or four hops , bouncing through CallSites and DynamicMethods to eventually get to the target .
Since Hotspot only inlines up to 9 levels of calls by default , you can see we 're eating up that budget very quickly .
Add to that the fact that Java to Java calls have no intervening code to eat up bytecode size thresholds , and we 're essentially only getting a fraction of the optimization potential out of Hotspot that a " simpler " language like Java does .
Now consider the dynamically - optimized case .
We 've eliminated both the CallSite and the DynamicMethod from most calls , even if we have to insert a bit of guard code to do it .
That means nine levels of Ruby calls can inline , or nine levels of logic from Ruby to core methods or Ruby to Java .
We 've now given Hotspot a much better picture of the system to optimize .
We 've also eliminated some of the background noise of doing a Ruby call , like updating rarely - used data structures .
We 'll need to ensure backtraces come out in some usable form , but at least we 're not double - tracking them .
The bottom line here is that instead of doing all the much harder work of adding inlining to our own compiler , all we need to do is , and we benefit from the years of work that have gone into current JVMs ' optimizing compilers .
The best way to solve a hard problem is to get someone else to solve it for you , and the JVM does an excellent job of solving this particular hard problem .
Instead of giving the JVM a fish * or * teaching it how to fish , we 're just giving it a map of the lake ; it 's already an expert fisherman .
There 's also another side to these optimizations : our continued maintenance of an interpreter is starting to pay off .
Other JVM languages that do n't have an interpreted mode have a much more difficult time doing any runtime optimization ; simply put , it 's really hard to swap out bytecode you 've already loaded unless you 're explicitly abstracting how that bytecode gets generated in the first place .
In JRuby , where methods have always had to switch from interpreted to jitted at runtime , we 're can can hop back and forth much more freely , optimizing along the way .
That 's all for now .
Do n't expect to download JRuby 1.6 in a few months and see everything be three times ( or ten times ! or 100 times ! ) faster .
There 's a lot of details we need to work out about when these optimizations will be safe , how users might be able to opt- in to " full " optimization if necessary , and whether we 'll get things fast enough to start replacing core code with Ruby .
But early results are very promising , and it 's assured we 'll ship some of this very soon .
As you might have assumed , this storyline was inspired by a recent real - life incident .
Curse you , Pennybags .
The title is borrowed from OutKast 's " Wheelz of Steel " .
One of the things that make Andre 's blood boil is thieves .
The other is lies ... or liars .
In either case , we are in accord .
Image caption
The effectiveness of a total ban on drink - driving is disputed
Russia 's lower house of parliament , the State Duma , has approved a complete ban on drink - driving .
President Dmitry Medvedev called for the ban last December .
He said allowing a small amount of alcohol in the blood encouraged drivers to consume more .
The measure is expected be approved in the upper house and become law .
Alcohol is blamed for many traffic accidents in Russia , but opponents of a total ban say that more often poor roads are to blame .
Heavy drinking is seen as one of the main reasons why one in three Russian men dies before retirement age .
The Russian news agency Itar - Tass reports that Russia has one of the world 's highest rates of traffic accidents linked to drink - driving .
In Russia last year more than 2,000 people were killed and around 18,000 people injured in road accidents attributed to drink - driving , Itar - Tass says .
A total ban was in force in Russia until July 2008 , when the law was amended to allow alcohol content of 0.3 grams per litre of a driver 's blood .
That is equivalent to roughly half a litre of beer , 40g of vodka or a glass of white wine consumed by a person weighing 80kg ( 176 pounds ) .
Duma deputy Tatyana Yakovleva , who is a doctor , said a driver with even the legal limit of blood alcohol was twice as likely to have a serious road accident , compared with an alcohol - free driver .
Opponents of the ban say most traffic accidents in Russia are due to poor roads , with drivers swerving into oncoming traffic as they try to avoid potholes .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
MIDWEST CITY , Oklahoma ( Reuters ) -
An unemployed woman who said she was desperate for money has been arrested on charges she robbed an Oklahoma McDonald ’s with a white stretch girdle wrapped around her face as a makeshift mask .
Authorities said 51 - year - old Sharon Lain of Midwest City admitted to being the underwear - masked bandit who made off with the contents of a cash drawer from the fast - food restaurant around 3 a.m. Tuesday .
A surveillance video captured the woman on tape and was broadcast on local television , prompting several tips that led police to a condemned home on Wednesday night where Lain was found living , said Midwest City Police Chief Brandon Clabes .
Police found the underwear - a white stretch girdle known as ‘ spanx ’ - along with illegal drugs , including methamphetamine .
“ She admitted to her role in the burglary , ” said Clabes .
“ And we found the clothes she wore .
This was a really bizarre disguise .
I was n’t sure what spanx was .
I ’ve never seen a woman with one on ; now I ’ve seen one on someone ’s face . ”
Police said Lain was a former night shift manager at McDonald ’s but was fired about a month ago .
Lain told investigators she needed money and suffered from a gambling problem .
She is being charged with second - degree burglary , possession of a controlled dangerous substance , possession of paraphernalia and illegal trespass .
Fishing boats are docked , seafood prices are skyrocketing and oil is still washing up on the shores throughout the Gulf Mexico .
We may not know the full impact of the BP oil rig explosion , yet one thing is clear : the oil spill is BP 's fault and they should pay for the harm they 're causing .
The current law puts a $ 75 million cap on how much an oil company has to pay in the event of a disaster .
Unfortunately , the fishing communities , restaurant owners , tourism industry and other individuals affected by the oil spill have already lost more .
Urge the U.S. Senate to pass strong legislation that will lift this cap , and make BP and other multi-billion dollar polluters responsible for the damages their disasters have on our communities , environment and shared resources .
Apple is using the immense amount of data that it has collected from its 150 million iTunes accounts to help its iAd advertisers target their pitches to users of iOS 4 devices .
" Apple knows what you 've downloaded , how much time you spend interacting with applications and knows even what you 've downloaded , do n't like and deleted , ” iCrossing head mobile marketeer Rachel Pasqua is reported to have said on Apple 's iAd data leveraging here .
Demographic data is pure gold to advertisers attempting to target their offerings to receptive audiences .
If you , for example , have downloaded a Dora the Explorer game , odds are you have children in your household ; if you 've installed a Bloomberg stock tracker onto your iPhone , there 's an even chance that you might be flush enough to be a target for a Nissan Leaf iAd pitch .
Apple wo n't be sharing your individual , personal data , according to Bloomberg .
Instead , Apple will make available " buckets " of applications to advertisers , with those selections based on users ' purchase histories .
We can imagine , for example , that purchasers of multiple fart apps — 701 and counting — might be offered tickets to Jackass 3 - D when it 's released this October , while those inducements might be withheld from iTunes accounts whose music purchases are heavily weighted with offerings from Deutsche Grammophon .
As Google has proven , there 's plenty of good money to be made in online advertising , and mobile ads are fast - growing segment .
Apple 's iAd platform is its attempt to carve a hefty chunk out of that market , which marketing firm eMarketer projects will grow to $ 1.56 bn by 2013 .
Apple is aggressively promoting its iAd platform to both advertisers and developers .
When chief executive Steve Jobs detailed the platform on June 7 at the announcement of the iPhone 4 , he said that its core value was " To help our developers earn money so they continue to create free and low - cost apps " .
Perhaps — there 's a good argument to be made that the more " free and low - cost apps " that are available for Cupertino 's mobile devices , the more those devices will continue to leap off the shelves of Apple 's retail store .
Also , when Jobs introduced the iAd platform back in April when he unveiled what was then called iPhone OS 4.0 , he said that Apple had " no plans to become a worldwide ad agency " .
At that time , however , he also noted that his goal was to have one billion ad impressions per day by the end of the year — which sounds rather like a worldwide ad agency to this observer .
Apple hosts and sells iAd ads , and provides 60 per cent of the take to the developers of the apps that host them .
As Jobs told his audience of devs on June 7 : " All you have to do is tell us where to put them , and then make money . "
Forty per cent of that money , will , however , stay in Cupertino .
As Apple has said , its iTunes App Store is n't a money - maker , but instead a break - even proposition designed to entice developers .
How close to break - even the iAds platform will be , however , remains to be seen .
And there 's still a legal thicket that Jobs &
Co must negotiate before they can confidently project future iAd earnings .
The US Federal Trade Commission , for example , is reportedly considering a possible investigation of Apple 's restrictions on developers sharing statistical or demographic information with advertising - service providers other than Apple .
Referring to the change in Apple 's Developer Program License Agreement that instituted these restrictions , Google 's head mobile - advertising honcho Omar Hamoui , the founder and CEO of AdMob , which Google swallowed last November , blogged : " Let 's be clear .
This change is not in the best interests of users or developers . "
iAds may have launched last Thursday , but it's not yet clear whether Cupertino will be able to keep its devs on the reservation — those license - agreement restrictions may run afoul of the FTC .
What is clear , however , is that if you 've ever made a purchase from the iTunes music or apps stores , your personal buying history now resides in one of those aforementioned " buckets " . ®
Image updated 2:15 PDT 6/10/2010
After 52 days of frustrating helplessness , it 's nice to see people reach out , pool creative and technical resources , and find a solution that might actually work to plug the damn hole .
Shoq * initiated an effort to brainstorm ideas around ways to redirect the oil rather than stop the flow on June 6th .
He was soon joined by Justin Grindal , an engineer who was present during the " top kill " effort last month .
They worked together and with others to develop an idea to enclose the well with a wide duct anchored to the sea floor which would corral the oil within and force it up to the surface to be caught by waiting tankers .
It 's really as simple as the drawing at the top depicts .
Yes , there are specific materials that would have to be obtained , and there is some expertise needed to set the anchors , but it appears to be an elegant solution .
It is the same principle as a chimney .
Smoke rises and is directed up and away from your house rather than billowing into your house because of the upward draft created when the flue is opened .
Similarly , the idea here is to enclose the oil gush and give it a vented pathway upward and out .
Because oil is lighter than water , and because of the force with which it 's being spewed out of the well , it will rise on its own .
There are details I 've left out of my description for the sake of clarity , but Shoq has n't .
Listen to Nicole Sandler 's show yesterday for more on how it works , or read his post ( there 's a technical design drawing there too ) .
It has been submitted to BP engineers for review , but there are thousands of ideas in front of them for review , and only a few reviewers .
If you know anyone who can get the right set of eyes on this idea , please forward this post to them , or point them toward Shoq 's blog .
My first reaction was skepticism and frankly , a little patronizing pat on Shoq 's back .
This is partly because it was so simple , and partly because of concern that even if it is viable , getting it done would be such a process - laden paperwork - ridden affair that relief wells would be drilled first .
After all , if it 's so easy , why is n't it already being done ?
But every objection I 've raised has been answered , and engineers have agreed that it seems like it would work .
What we have here is a group of designers , engineers and concerned citizens pooling their creativity and energy into something that might actually succeed .
That beats the heck out of feeling helpless .
As Micah Sifry tweeted earlier today :
You betcha .
* Shoq is an industrial designer and software architect who chooses to remain anonymous for privacy reasons .
" We see it as uncomfortably low , " says Scott Anderson , senior economist at Wells Fargo , who sees a double dip in housing and a significant slowdown in consumer spending , two forces with the potential to drive down prices .
" There is n't the fuel you need to really get inflation going . "
Resler notes that over the past year a third of the 29 components in the CPI have declined in any given month .
By contrast , during the 90s , when inflation was higher than today but moderate by historical standards , the ratio was a third .
During the high inflation periods of the 1970s and 1980s , no more than one or two of those components would fall in a month .
Sometimes , not one of them declined .
Some of the declines in the recent period were categories such as apparel and lodging .
" Those are things that reflect consumer discretionary spending , " says Resler .
A month ago , Resler 's team warned there 's a 25 - percent chance that core inflation — which excludes food and energy — will be flat in 2010 .
" If we had an unchanged core [ now at just under 1.0 percent ] for several months , the year - over - year change would be pushed down to 0.4 percent , " estimates Resler , which would easily beat the record low of 0.7 percent set in 1961 .
The behavior of the CPI in 2009 - 2010 has more in common with the period eight years ago right before the Fed shared its concerns about deflationary risks and in doing so cut rates to 1.00 percent in mid 2003 .
Economists say the risks are greater today than in 2003 , even if the Fed has said less about it .
The auto , banking , consumer and housing sectors are all clearly weaker .
Mortgage debt is higher while lending is much lower .
" The debt over - hang is still " a real issue , " says Anderson .
" That 's why in many ways this is more insidious . "
" You need pristine credit to get a loan , " says Anthony Sanders , a professor at George Mason University and the Mercatus Center .
" And that 's what causes deflation .
You need risk - taking . "
The Obama administration 's stimulus plan and other initiatives , the scourge of inflation hawks , is also a contrinbuting factor , according to the deflation camp .
" This rampant government spending is making deflation a greater possibility , " says Sanders .
" It 's crowding out the private sector , which would be spending money on projects that it sees as profitable and also has a higher profit margin . "
Right now , the deflation debate is more about possibility and probability , rather than reality , with disinflation — rare itself — the actual case .
" I can understand people who have concerns about deflation looming , " says FAO Economics chief economist Robert Brusca , who is not among the believers .
" But you should be careful in assuming there is something special going on . "
Brusca says history shows the CPI usually hits a low point around one year into the recovery period and that one big difference this time is that the inflation rate was historically low before the recession even began in late 2008 .
Another big difference , says economists , is that the Fed has more counter - deflation policies in place , which has already helped .
That also helps explain the central bank 's decision thus far to leave monetary policy alone .
never mind remove any of its emergency measures , positions it is expected maintain at its June 22 - 23 meeting .
" It 's certainly one reason why the Fed will be on hold until mid 2011 , " says Anderson .
" Fear is growing at the Fed about an adverse trend in inflation .
Instead of talking about an exit strategy , it becomes a question of perhaps even restarting assets purchases . "
Or , as Baker , suggests " taking quantitative easing to another level . "
Going forward , the deflation dynamic is likely to get even more complicated , thanks to a spate of new negative forces , including a spike in the value of the dollar , a slump in oil prices , a double - dip in housing and the sovereign debt crisis in Europe , which simultaneously promises government austerity measures and more cheap - money borrowing .
There 's also future Obama administration policy moves to contend with , notably a hike in income tax rates for the highest earners in 2011 .
" We 're relying on the top five percent to keep spending and we 're planning on taxing them more , " quips Sanders , who also cites the government 's relentless support of the big banks as a major mistake .
" We 're taking the Hoover - Roosevelt playback and following it page by page . "
Slideshow : States With The Highest Jobless Rates
President Barack Obama made news on The Today Show when he talked about kicking some ass over the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
If he is interested in punishing those responsible for what is shaping up as one of the worst environmental disasters in U.S. history , he should think about giving himself a boot .
While BP is ultimately responsible for the spill ( and for cleaning it up ) , the federal government is a major player in the problem for at least three reasons :
1 . It owns the property on which the oil well is located .
2 . It regulates offshore drilling .
And
3 . In order to protect small players in the drilling industry , it capped economic damages from this sort of spill at just $ 75 million , a way - too - low cap that encourages risky behavior .
" 3 Reason Why Obama Should Kick His Own Ass " is written and produced by Meredith Bragg and Nick Gillespie , who also hosts .
Approximately 2:30 minutes .
Go to Reason.tv for iPod , HD , and audio versions and more information .
Subscribe to Reason.tv's
YouTube channel for automatic notification when new material goes live .
Let 's talk about physics .
I 'm a physicist by education and profession , so it might be not be too surprising .
But I also want to talk about programming , so please bear with me .
When physicists try to understand a system , typically they first come up with a lot of equations , and then try to solve them .
Unfortunately some of those equations are quite hard to solve .
I 've written a module that solves them numerically , and allows you to express the equations in very simple Perl 6 code .
Getting started
Let 's start with a very simple model .
As a prerequisite you need the Rakudo Perl 6 compiler ( latest release or current development version ) , and then use proto to proto install Math - Model ( which also installs its dependencies ) .
A first model : throwing a stone horizontally into the air
Let 's start with an example ( to be found in examples / vertical - throw.pl in the Math - Model repository , with small modifications to unconfuse the syntax hilighter used for this page ) .
It describes the path of stone thrown vertically into the air .
use v 6 ; use Math :: Model ; my $ m = Math :: Model . new ( derivatives => { y_velocity => ' y ' , y_acceleration => ' y_velocity ' , } , variables => { y_acceleration => { $ : force / $ : mass } , mass => { 1 } , force => { - 9.81 } , } , initials => { y =>
0 , y_velocity => 20 , } , captures => ( ' y ' , ' y_velocity ' ) , ) ; $ m . integrate ( : from ( 0 ) , : to ( 4.2 ) , : min-resolution ( 0.2 ) ) ; $ m . render - svg ( ' throw - vertically.svg ' , : title ( ' vertical throwing ' ) ) ;
First we declare that we use Perl 6 ( use v6 ; ) , and then we load the module that does all the hard work , Math : : Model .
Then comes the interesting part : the actual model .
It starts by declaring that the derivative of y ( which is the name we use for the current height of the stone ) is called y_velocity .
Likewise the derivative of y_velocity is called y_acceleration .
A derivative describes the rate of change of some other variables .
Here is a short list of useful physical quantities and their derivatives :
Quantity Derivative position velocity velocity acceleration acceleration jerk momentum force energy power charge current
Next in the model are formulas for some variables .
We do n't need to give formulas for those values on the right - hand side of the derivatives declarations ( y and y_velocity ) , which we will call integration variables .
We just need formulas for the derivatives that are not also integration variables , and for other variables we use in the formulas .
You might remember from physics class that F = m * a , force is mass times acceleration .
We use this formula for calculating the acceleration
y_acceleration => { $ : force / $ : mass } ,
The other variables are actually constants ( but Math : : Model does n't distinguish those ) ; mass is set to 1 kg , and the force to the - 9.81 N that a mass of 1 kg experiences at the latitude where I live ( Germany ) .
The programmer in you might ask what the heck the : in $ : force means .
It 's a variable that is automatically a named parameter to the current block .
Math :: Model uses Signature introspection to find out which variables such a block depends on , and topologically sorts all variables into an order of execution that satisfies all the dependencies .
Back to the physical model ; all integration variables need an initial value , which are provided on the next few lines .
The line
captures => ( 'y ' , ' y_velocity ' ) ,
tells Math :: Model which variables to record while the simulation is running .
$ m . integrate ( : from ( 0 ) , : to ( 4.2 ) , : min-resolution ( 0.2 ) ) ; $ m . render - svg ( ' throw - vertically.svg ' , : title ( ' vertical throwing ' ) ) ;
Finally these two lines are responsible for running the actual simulation ( for the time t = 0s to t = 4.2s ) , and then write the resulting curves into the file throw - vertically .svg .
And here it is , without further ado :
The blue line is the height ( in meter ) , and the yellow line the velocity ( in meter / second ) .
Positive velocities mean that the stone is moving upwards , negative that it 's moving downwards .
After about 4 seconds the stone has the height with which it started , at a velocity of about - 20 m / s .
You do n't see any effect of the stone hitting the ground , because the model knows nothing about a ground located at a height of 0 m .
Just imagine the stone fell into a well or down a cliff , and thus can have negative height too .
Iterating : throwing a stone at an arbitrary angle
It gets a bit more involved when you consider not only the y direction , but also the x direction , and throw the stone at an arbitrary angle .
Still the x and y axis are rather independent :
use v 6 ; use Math :: Model ; for 30 , 45 , 60 -> $ angle { my $m = Math :: Model . new ( derivatives => { y_velocity => ' y ' , y_acceleration => ' y_velocity ' , x_velocity => ' x ' , } , variables => { y_acceleration => { $ : force / $ : mass } , mass => { 1 } , force => { - 9.81 } , x_velocity => { 20 * cos ( $ angle , Degrees ) } } , initials => { y =>
0 , y_velocity => 20 * sin ( $ angle , Degrees ) , x => 0 , } , captures => < y x > , ) ; $ m . integrate ( : from ( 0 ) , : to ( 2 * 20 * sin ( $ angle , Degrees ) / 9.81 ) , : min-resolution ( 0.2 ) ) ; $ m . render - svg ( " throw - angle - $ angle .svg " , : x-axis < x > , : width ( 300 ) , : height ( 200 ) , : title ( " Throwing at $ angle degreees " ) ) ; }
The x velocity stays approximately constant ( we disregard air drag ) , and it 's value is the cosine of the throwing angle times the initial , total velocity .
The velocity in y direction is the sine of the throwing angle times the initial , total velocity .
As a trick to get nicer graphs in the end , I calculated the expected time until it hits the ground ( which I know to be 2 * v_y / a ; this is cheating , but it does n't change the physics behind it ) .
Finally this time we do n't want to have the elapsed time on the x axis , but the actual position in x direction .
That can be done with the : x - axis < x > option .
( Note that I cheated to produces these charts ; normally SVG :: Plot , the module that produces these graphs , automatically scales the axis ; I 've manually suppressed that ; if you try to out the example you 'll see that the three charts look much the same , except for different axis scaling ) .
The maximum reach in x direction before hitting the ground is achieved at 45 degrees .
For smaller angles it's not long enough in the air , and for larger angles too much of the velocity is " wasted " in the vertical direction , so the stone does n't get very far .
A third model : oscillating spring
Finally I want to present a third , simple model : a mass hanging down from a spring , this time including air drag .
It does n't show off any new features of Math : : Model , but the result is a nice , oscillating curve .
use v 6 ; use Math :: Model ; my $ m = Math :: Model . new ( derivatives => { velocity => ' height ' , acceleration => ' velocity ' , } , variables => { acceleration => { $ : force / $ : mass } , mass => { 1 } , force => { - $ : height - 0.2 * $ : velocity * abs ( $ : velocity ) } , } , initials => { height => 1 , velocity => 0 , } , captures => < height > , ) ; $ m . integrate ( : from ( 0 ) , : to ( 20 ) , : min-resolution ( 1 ) ) ; $ m . render- svg ( ' spring.svg ' , : title ( ' Spring with damping ' ) ) ;
The air drag / damping is built into the formula for the force .
It is proportional to the square of the velocity ( making analytical solutions a nuisance ) , and always points in the opposite direction as the velocity .
Moving on
If you want to have some fun with Math : : Model , here 's a nice idea :
You can simulate a mass attached to a spring , which can move freely in the xy plane .
If you chose random initial values for the velocities in both directions , you can get non-periodic ( chaotic ? ) trajectories in the xy plane .
( If you do , please send me the model so that I can also play with it :-) )
A personal note
Ever since I 've used the simulation tool " stella " in school ( must have been year 2002 or so ) , I 've wanted to write something similar .
Math :: Model is it .
It was quite fun to implement in Perl 6 .
The only drawback is that it 's quite slow .
The BP spill should help make the case for bringing ecosystem services into the economy .
On 14 June , BP promised to put US $ 20 billion into an escrow account to pay for damage caused by the 22 April sinking of its Deepwater Horizon drilling platform off the coast of Louisiana — an event that has left a geyser of crude oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico for two months , at a rate currently estimated as high as 60,000 barrels ( 9.5 million litres ) a day .
The beneficiaries of this fund are expected to be fishermen , hoteliers , charter - boat operators and other Gulf - coast business owners who have lost income , as well as states and other entities with clean - up costs .
Left unclear , however , is whether payment will ever be made for the loss of ' ecosystem services ' that benefit everyone but are owned by no one .
One such service is the carbon sequestration provided by marsh plants and ocean plankton .
How will BP make good the value lost if the oil kills enough of them to hasten climate change ?
Another service is the buffering that coastal marshes provide to nearby communities from the Gulf 's many hurricanes .
Who pays if the oil destroys the marshes entirely ?
The 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill in Alaska raised similar questions , and sparked a flurry of research in the once - obscure discipline of ecological economics , which seeks to estimate quantities such as the ' replacement cost ' of an ecosystem — or even an individual organism .
( Killer whales cost $ 300,000 at the time ; cormorants were a bargain at $ 310 apiece . )
The Gulf oil spill seems likely to inspire another surge of research in this field .
Indeed , ecological economist Robert Costanza at the University of Vermont in Burlington has already estimated a $ 34 - billion to $ 670 - billion price tag for the loss of Gulf ecosystem services .
Costanza also has a suggestion for how to avoid such harm in the future : force companies that want to drill , dig or otherwise extract resources to take a more serious account of environmental risks before they start .
He and his colleagues have argued that the best way to do this is to demand that each company put up an “ assurance bond ” : a sum of money large enough to rectify damages if things go wrong ( see http://go.nature.com/styAyz).
The amount of the bond would be set by an independent government agency or government - chartered body , and be based on the total value of the ecosystems at risk .
In BP 's case , Constanza says , the company would have had to put up something like $ 50 billion to get permission to drill in the Gulf , or about two to three times the $ 20 billion they are having to pay now .
The very size of that bond , in turn , might have made the company more likely to invest , say , $ 500,000 in a functional blowout preventer .
Other experts favour a variant of this idea in which large , risky enterprises would be required to carry insurance against ecosystem services claims — an approach that would essentially put the insurance companies in charge of policing safety practices .
These and other variants seem well worth exploring as a way to bring ownerless ecosystem services into the marketplace .
Congress and the US administration should take the idea seriously .
But the science behind putting a price on nature must also improve .
After all , any attempt to extract a multi-billion - dollar compensation for ecosystem damage seems likely to wind up in court .
So scientists ' cost estimates will have to be sound enough to convince judges and juries , not just make for an interesting journal article .
Such an increase in rigour is hardly bad news for research .
If ecosystems services science gets a boost from the spill , that may be one of the few silver linings to the dark plume that continues to gush in the Gulf of Mexico .
Rights and permissions Reprints and Permissions
' Wicked ' woman saw four innocent men arrested after slashing her own face and crying rape
Facing jail : Leyla Ibrahim cut her hair and clothes to look as if she had been attacked
A woman who sparked a £ 150,000 police investigation by ripping her clothes and giving herself a black eye , then lying about a violent sex attack , has been told she will be jailed .
Four students spent nearly three days behind bars as a result of the convincing injuries Leyla Ibrahim inflicted on herself , with one of the suspects attempting to kill himself .
But detectives became suspicious of the 22 - year - old ’s story and the men were released without charge .
It emerged Ibrahim invented the attack after a row with a male friend when he refused to lend her the money for a taxi home after a night out .
Deciding she ‘ wanted to teach people a lesson ’ , a court heard she cut and tore the blue frilly dress she was wearing as well as her black leggings and bra , leaving her breasts partially exposed .
She also hacked off clumps of her own hair , gave herself a black eye and a suspected broken cheekbone , scratched her breasts and legs and finally left one of her shoes at the scene of the supposed attack .
Last night , however , the former children ’s holiday rep was behind bars after being convicted of perverting the course of justice .
She wept as the judge denied her bail , telling her a prison term ‘ of some length ’ was inevitable for ‘ wickedly fabricating a grave crime ’ which had caused ‘ countless anguish ’ .
Ibrahim ’s elaborate plot began following a night out in her home town of Carlisle in January last year , a court heard .
After being taken for X - rays on her injuries , she told police two youths had knocked her to the ground as she walked home along a footpath , subjecting her to a violent sexual assault .
She told detectives she grabbed a pair of scissors from a sewing kit in her handbag , only for one of the pair to snatch them from her and cut off a clump of her hair .
More than 40 officers were assigned to the case , and four local students were arrested and questioned for a total of 64 hours , during which time one attempted to kill himself .
But police became suspicious when it emerged Ibrahim ’s injuries were inconsistent with being attacked and they began investigating her behaviour .
Facebook album : Photos Ibrahim had posted of herself on the internet
Tim Evans , prosecuting , told Carlisle Crown Court the trigger for the allegations was that Ibrahim had been ‘ angry and upset ’ at being forced to walk home after a male friend refused to lend her money for a taxi or let her share his .
She put her head in her hands after a jury took just two and a half hours to come to a unanimous guilty verdict , and her distraught mother Sandra and sister Samira ran from the court in tears .
Ibrahim , who came to Britain from Libya with her family when she was nine and worked at a petrol station at the time of the alleged attack , was told by Judge Paul Batty QC she would be jailed .
‘ Not only did these false allegations have an effect on four young men , but also a considerable effect on your own family , ’ he said .
‘ You were convicted on clear and compelling evidence of wickedly fabricating a grave crime , causing countless anguish to all involved . ’
He added : ‘ A custodial sentence is inevitable because this crime strikes to the heart of the criminal justice system . ’
Afterwards district crown prosecutor Linda Vance said such cases were rare and that Ibrahim had only been charged after ‘ careful consideration ’ .
‘ False allegations undermine genuine victims of rape and the continuing efforts of the criminal justice system to improve the confidence of those victims , ’ she said .
Ibrahim is due to be sentenced next month .
I tried out the Chrome beta for Linux on two different computers yesterday .
On the first one , Flash worked right “ out of the box . ”
On the second , it would n’t even show up in about : plugins .
I could n’t figure out what was different .
Both are 64 - bit systems running Fedora 12 .
Both are running the 32 - bit version of Flash from Adobe ’s yum repository .
Both are running the 64 - bit version of Google Chrome from the beta download page .
I had run mozilla - plugin - config - i to create the 64 - bit wrapper on both computers after updating Flash .
( A security update came out yesterday . )
to create the 64 - bit wrapper on both computers after updating Flash .
( A security update came out yesterday . )
Flash works just fine in 64 - bit Firefox and Opera .
I looked thoroughly at my home computer last night and came up empty .
This morning I took another look at my work computer — the one where Flash actually showed up — and I think I ’ve found it .
Chrome is using nswrapper_32_64.libflashplayer .so according to about : plugins .
The actual file is in /usr / lib64 / mozilla / plugins - wrapped / .
This system has two symbolic links to that file , one in /usr / lib / mozilla / plugins / and one in /usr / lib / mozilla / plugins - wrapped / .
IIRC
Only one of these was present on my home computer .
So I think this will fix it :
ln -s /usr / lib64/mozilla/plugins-wrapped/nswrapper_32_64.libflashplayer.so
/usr/lib/mozilla/plugins/
Run the command as root or using sudo .
I ’ll check back tonight and update this entry to show whether it worked .
Update : Yes , it worked !
> American Crossroads , the Karl Rove - supported conservative campaign group , has run a handful of ads targeting Nevada Sen .
Harry Reid for hanging his state out to dry .
Even with the nation 's highest unemployment rate , Nevada received less stimulus money that every other state but one , the ad says .
The ad is factually accurate .
It 's also an embarrassment .
Republicans have spent the last three months blocking a Sen .
Reid - endorsed extension to unemployment insurance that would particularly help Nevada , since federal UI contributions are tied to state unemployment rate .
They 're blocking Democrats ' jobless aid in Washington and blaming Sen .
Reid for not spending more on joblessness in Reno .
More generally , the basic Republican position on the stimulus has been , for the past year I recall , that the stimulus was bad .
Here 's Karl Rove himself mocking the president for defending it .
" The stimulus did n't work , and we deserved more of it " is a sad , cynical , and utterly predictable argument .
Now , American Crossroads ' anguish about Nevada 's small share of the stimulus is n't all crocodile tears .
Since the Recovery
Act turned out to be more a state - rescue plan than a jobs and infrastructure creation plan , larger states benefited .
Nevada has a lean state government , but stimulus money went disproportionately to states with larger public sectors and higher Medicaid bills .
If the Recovery Act 's funds were more in line with district unemployment , Las Vegas and Reno -- the first and third worst - hit metro areas between 2007 and 2009 -- should be drowning in stimulus .
Instead they 're drowning in plot vacancies and joblessness .
If you 're making an argument that stimulus should be tied to unemployment , you 're making a clear - cut argument for more unemployment help .
On the other hand , if you 're making an argument that jobless aid is bad for the deficits and discourages work , you 're making an argument to block stimulus at every turn .
You can not have it both ways .
Legendary UCLA basketball coach John Wooden , said to be in grave condition at UCLA Medical Center , was " resting comfortably " this morning , the school reported .
UCLA is to provide an update this afternoon , but at the request of his family , no other information regarding his condition was being released .
A family member told NBCLA that the coaching legend 's health has been failing for many weeks , but this week has been special for the family .
Wooden , 99 , has been in frail health for the past couple of years .
According to media reports , he has not been eating on his own and has been on a morphine drip .
Known as the " Wizard of Westwood " for leading the Bruins to 10 NCAA championships , Wooden coached at the school from 1948 to 1975 .
UCLA dominated college basketball from 1967 to 1973 , with seven championship wins in a row .
" He established a goal that is unreachable in college sports , " Los Angeles Lakers coach Phil Jackson said last night before the Lakers beat the Boston Celtics in Game 1 of the NBA finals at Staples Center .
" His coaching has been an inspiration to all of us coaches . "
The Bruins won 88 consecutive games from 1971 to 1974 and 38 consecutive NCAA tournament games from 1964 to 1974 , both records .
Wooden said he was most proud of is his team 's 19 conference championships .
Last year , Wooden was hospitalized for about a month with pneumonia .
In 2008 , he fell in his Encino condominium , suffering a hairline fracture in his left wrist and a fractured left collarbone .
He spent about three weeks in a hospital recovering .
In addition to his championships and 620 - 147 record as UCLA 's coach from 1948 to 1975 , Wooden was acclaimed for the values he espoused .
He had three rules for his players -- do n't use profanity , be on time and never criticize a teammate .
" A Game Plan for Life : The Power of Mentoring with John Wooden , " a book co-written by Wooden and Don Yaeger , was released on the former coach 's 99th birthday .
He also wrote a book about the Pyramid of Success , philosophincal building block for winning on the court and in life .
Image caption Mrs May said powers had been " misused " under the last government
The government is to review key counter - terrorism and security powers including the 28 - day limit on detaining terrorist suspects without charge .
Home Secretary Theresa
May said control orders , stop and search powers , and methods to deal with bodies promoting hatred and violence would be examined .
She said the review would " put right the failures " of the last government and " restore ancient civil liberties " .
Labour said the review , announced by Mrs May in the Commons , was unbalanced .
The review will cover six key areas , encompassing what the home secretary said were the most " controversial and sensitive powers " available to government to deal with terrorist threats .
' Misuse '
They are : the use of control orders for terrorist suspects , stop and search powers - including in relation to photography - pre-charge detention , the deportations of foreign nationals from the UK who pose a threat to national security , measures to deal with organisations that promote hatred or violence and the use of surveillance powers by councils and wider access by government and public bodies to phone and e-mail data .
This review will enable this government to put right the failures of the last government Theresa May , Home Secretary
Mrs May said the review - which the government committed to undertake in its coalition agreement - was necessary because of concerns that existing powers had either been " misused " or had " encroached " on civil liberties .
She said civil liberties organisations would be asked to contribute to the review and there would be independent oversight of the process by the former director of public prosecutions Lord Macdonald , who is now a Liberal Democrat peer , to make sure it was " conducted properly " and all relevant options considered .
The review must ensure existing powers were " appropriate " to the level of terrorist threat and strike a balance between protecting the public and upholding individual freedom , she added .
" This review will enable this government to put right the failures of the last government , " she said .
" In doing so , it will restore the ancient civil liberties that should be synonymous with the name of our country . "
' Evolving threat '
Mrs May said the review should be conducted as " quickly as possible " and planned to report back on the findings of the review in the autumn .
Any proposed changes to the law would be subject to review by the government 's independent reviewer of terrorism legislation , Lord Carlile , she stressed .
Shadow Home Secretary Alan Johnson said the government had made " immature and partisan " attacks on Labour 's record and called for a cross-party consensus on reviewing existing laws .
He said the threat to the UK had not " diminished " since the attacks on London in July 2005 , which led to the passage of extensive counter - terrorist legislation .
" In what way does she consider the previous government to have ridden roughshod over civil liberties under control orders , on deportation with assurances , on dealing with organisations that promote hatred or violence or on detention of terrorist suspects before charge , " he said .
" The balance between collective security and individual freedom has to be carefully struck under the ever - changing and constantly evolving threat of international terrorism .
" But this review seems to be about one side of this balance . "
' Dangerously naive '
Former Home Secretary David Blunkett said the involvement of civil liberties groups and a Lib Dem peer in the review suggested its outcome was " already pre-determined " .
He added : " The idea that we should not hold suspected terrorists pre-charge for anything more than the seven days which existed before September 2001 is a demonstration of the dangerous naivety which can only provide succour to those who would use democracy in order to destroy it . "
But the review was welcomed by Plaid Cymru , which saying it hoped it would lead to the repeal of " the most illiberal and authoritarian legislation " .
And civil liberties organisation Liberty said it was " delighted " to be able to contribute to the review .
" No - one underestimates the terrorism threat and everyone wants to see a country united , safe and free , " said its director Shami Chakrabarti .
" Liberty welcomes this once - in - a - generation opportunity to reform counter - terror measures and bring them within the rule of the law . "
François Robert is a photographer renowned for both his commercial and fine art photography work .
In the mid 90’s , Robert purchased three lockers from a school for $ 50.00 to furnish his studio .
To his surprise , one of the lockers contained a human skeleton , which had been mounted for teaching purposes .
Since he always had a fascination with bones , once spending five weeks photographing skulls in the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago , he decided to take some of his free time caused by the recession of 2007 and trade in his skeleton for a collection of 206 loose bones .
He arranged these into simple , yet controversial shapes to form the images that you see below over a period of hundreds of hours , resulting in a collection that he titled “ Stop the Violence ” – a series that he created to increase awareness of war violence .
The results are amazing , yet haunting .
Check them out below …
911
Bomb
Cross
Dollar Sign
Fighter Jet
Grenade
Gun
Hammer and Sickle
HIV
Islamic Symbol
Kalashnikov
KKK
Knife
Mushroom Cloud
Oil
Skull and Cross Bones
Star of David
Swastika
Tank
War
Compiled exclusively for WDD by Zoe Ajiboye .
You can visit Robert ’s website here .
What do you think of this type of art ?
Please share your thoughts below …
Collected Stories by Raymond Carver , edited and with notes by William L. Stull and Maureen P. Carroll Library of America , 1,019 pp. , $ 40.00 Raymond Carver : A Writer 's Life by Carol Sklenicka Scribner , 578 pp. , $ 35.00
1 .
Vladimir Nabokov referred to editors as “ pompous avuncular brutes . ”
T.S. Eliot said that many of them were just “ failed writers . ”
And Kingsley Amis , that laureate of cantankerousness , spoke of how the worst kind
prowls through your copy like an overzealous gardener with a pruning hook , on the watch for any phrase he senses you were rather pleased with , preferably one that also clinches your argument and if possible is essential to the general drift of the surrounding passage .
Raymond Carver , at least to begin with , was on altogether better terms with his editor , Gordon Lish , to whom he once wrote , “ If I have any standing or reputation or credibility in the world , I owe it to you . ”
Elsewhere Carver acknowledged his debt to Lish by saying simply that his editor held an “ irredeemable note . ”
This brief , eloquent tribute is paid in the essay “ Fires , ” which Carver wrote during a stay at Yaddo , the artist ’s colony in upstate New York , in the summer of 1981 .
He had every reason to be feeling grateful .
A few months earlier his second short - story collection , What We Talk About When We Talk About Love , had been published and was still being hailed and heralded by the literary world .
The book made Carver famous and , for the first time in his chronically impecunious existence , rich .
It has since come to be regarded as the cornerstone not only of his reputation but of an entire literary movement , whose members might loosely be said to include Richard Ford , Jayne Anne Phillips , Tobias Wolff , Amy Hempel , and Mary Robison , among others .
Few books of the last quarter - century have been more widely imitated .
Attend a creative writing workshop or open a magazine of short stories nowadays and the chances are you will encounter one of Carver ’s numberless epigones .
What critics admired — and what Carver ’s heirs would strive to emulate — was the book ’s lean , reticent prose style , which seems to register every detail with the same neutral intensity , the same dispassionate precision .
There is , for example , almost no difference between the manner in which Carver describes a woman ordering a birthday cake for her son —
The cake she chose was decorated with a spaceship and a launching pad under a sprinkling of white stars .
The name SCOTTY would be iced on in green as if it were the name of the spaceship .
— and the manner in which , shortly thereafter , he describes the son being hit by a car :
At an intersection , without looking , the birthday boy stepped off the curb , and was promptly knocked down by a car .
He fell on his side , his head in the gutter , his legs in the road moving as if he were climbing a wall .
Carver ’s prose does not flinch .
The fictional world he uses it to …
Consider this simple fact about the Great Heist of 2008 by Wall Street and the Banks :
Casey Research , of Vermont , has analyzed the costs of the government bailouts of the housing crisis , the credit crisis and others and has concluded that the total is $ 8.5 trillion , which is more than the cost of all US wars , the Louisiana Purchase , the New Deal , the Marshall Plan and the NASA Space Program combined .
According to CRS , the Congressional Research Service , all major US wars ( including such events as the American Revolution , the War of 1812 , the Civil War , the Spanish American War , World War I , World War II , Korea , Vietnam , Iraq and Afghanistan , the invasion of Panama , the Kosovo War and numerous other small conflicts ) , cost a total of $ 7.5 trillion in inflation - adjusted 2008 dollars .
http://theautomaticearth.blogspot.co...
That is $ 8.5 trillion dollars of our hard earned tax dollars , paid off to a bunch of crooks , liars and thieves , who knowingly were ' cooking the books ' with risky untried and unproven ' market theories . '
And when it all came crashing down around our necks , these were the same crooks , liars and thieves that got paid off , for destroying our economy and our nation .
Yet , at least we still have a few great American truth tellers and hero's that have the guts to tell the entire world what really happened to our nation , which of course , should have been 'a Tipping Point . '
And as Jim Jubak , ( a very conservative Stock Broker ) pointed out to anyone with half a brain :
Fluke ?
Credit crisis was a heist
Thanks to a complicit Congress , the reins were systematically loosened on the looters of the financial industry .
And they 're still at it , looking for new plunder .
It was no accident .
The folks in power in Washington and on Wall Street want to pretend that the current global financial crisis -- you know , the one that reduced household net worth in the United States by $ 11.2 trillion in 2008 , according to the Federal Reserve -- was an accident caused by some unfortunate confluence of greed and asleep - at - the - switch regulators .
What we 're now living through , though , is the result of a conscious , planned looting of the world economy .
Its roots stretch back decades .
And it would n't have been possible without the contrivances of the bought - and - paid - for folks who sit in Congress .
Of course , just because the plan blew up on the looters , taking off a financial finger here and a portfolio hand there , you should n't have any illusion that they 've retired .
In fact , in the " solutions " now being proposed -- by Congress -- to fix the global and U.S. financial systems , you can see the looters at work as hard as ever .
http://articles.moneycentral.msn.com...
$ 8.5 trillion dollars right into the pockets of Wall Street / The Banks while the household net worth in the United States was reduced by $ 11.2 trillion in 2008 .
Please , spare me the ' But Bernanke and Geithner Saved the Country ' bullshit ... I know better .
I 've done my own research thank you very much .
But you see , it is never enough with these same crooks , liars and thieves , and it will never be enough .
Now that Wall Street / The Banks have picked our pockets down to the ' lint ' it is all of a sudden time to become ' fiscally responsible ' and the ' Cat Food Commission ' is coming after our Social Security and Medicare to - I dare say - keep funding the ' endless Military Industrial Complex ' for our endless wars .
Cut Social Security to Fund the War ?
By DEAN BAKER
In a remarkable interview with the Pittsburgh Tribune - Review , House Republican Leader John Boehner explicitly called for cutting Social Security in order to pay for the war in Afghanistan .
The article reports : " Ensuring there 's enough money to pay for the war will require reforming the country 's entitlement system , Boehner said .
He said he'd favor increasing the Social Security retirement age to 70 for people who have at least 20 years until retirement , tying cost - of - living increases to the consumer price index rather than wage inflation and limiting payments to those who need them . "
In principle Boehner gave the Democrats as much ammunition as a serious political party could want .
After all raising the retirement age and cutting Social Security benefits to pay for the war in Afghanistan is an idea that consistently polls in the high single decimals .
We should expect every Democratic politician in the country to be jumping up and down demanding to know whether the Republican leader speaks for all Republicans .
That would be the case , unless of course the Democrats actually hold similar views .
After all , several prominent Democrats have been saying in public recently that we will have to cut Social Security benefits ( benefits workers have already paid for ) .
These prominent Democrats also support the war in Afghanistan .
So , they may not use the same words as Mr. Boehner , but it seems that many Democrats may effectively agree that we have to cut Social Security to pay for the war in Afghanistan .
It would be nice if they would insist that this is not true .
http://www.counterpunch.org/...
Gee , has anyone heard of any Democrats ' jumping up and down ' demanding that ' Orange Tan Man with the Cry Baby Drinking Problem ' John Boehner ' take back those words : to reform ' entitlements ' such as Social Security ? '
I mean now that Wall Street / the Banks have illegally run off laughing their asses off with their trillions of tax payer dollars , and the economy has been crashed , with absolutely no jobs on the horizon ( since we no longer have a decent manufacturing base and most of our jobs have been sold overseas and outsourced ) then I guess , our ' Government ' is going to have to figure out some ways to keep ' propping ' up the most extensive and wasteful and useless Military Industrial War Machine , and it would appear that the final safety net ( which we as Americans all paid into , which is why it should NEVER BE CALLED ENTITLEMENTS , ) is the ' final frontier ' to completely dismantle what is left of the so called ' working class . '
No folks , ' it is never enough , ' until ' we have had enough , ' and apparently we have ' not had enough , ' because we as a society have indeed morally failed ourselves .
Stop blaming it on the politicians .
For gosh sakes , their are a bunch of Corporate Whores on all sides of the isles ... Yes , the ideology may be different , and boy , do n't the two party systems know how to ' keep the class wars right on the front burner ' to divide us , and to use as their little ' decoys ' as they ' throw us a bone ' without any meat on it to fight over every few months .
This is what they are doing in France to protest the retirement age from 60 years of age to 62 ( while the Cat Food Commission wants to raise the American retirement age to 70 ) .
PARIS — Trains stood still and children played instead of studied as workers around France went on strike Thursday to protest President Nicolas Sarkozy 's plans to raise the retirement age by two years to 62 .
Neighboring countries suffered along with Paris commuters , as walkouts by drivers delayed or canceled trains from Italy and Switzerland .
Some flights were dropped or delayed .
Boisterous crowds of protesters filled Marseille 's port and wide Paris avenues , as unions staged nearly 200 marches in several cities over a broad reform to the money - losing pension system , part of efforts around Europe to cut back on growing public debts .
The ranks of demonstrators swelled in comparison to a similar protest May 27 .
The Interior Ministry put the number of protesters around France at 797,000 – double the number of people in the streets in May .
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/...
Approximately 65,447,374 people live in France , and I find it rather impressive that 797,000 of these people suited up and showed up to actively protest in their own nation concerning their own pension / and or social security retirement funds being ' gutted ' by their own country , because the truth is , all of the nations throughout Europe were indulging in the same Banking and Wall street sub - prime liar loans , and other sleazy cooking of the books , and now these same governments , just like ours are going after the ' middle and lowers classes ' to pay Peter who robbed Paul .
The population of the United States of America is approximately 309,643,000 , yet I find it rather shameful , that we can't even muster the moral courage to find the 797,000 people in our own nation ( like France did ) to March on Washington DC and demand change .
Stop the endless wars , stop the Wall Street / Banking looting , stop the Oil Companies from being subsidized with our tax dollars :
When the Deepwater Horizon drilling platform set off the worst oil spill at sea in American history , it was flying the flag of the Marshall Islands .
Registering there allowed the rig ’s owner to significantly reduce its American taxes .
The owner , Transocean , moved its corporate headquarters from Houston to the Cayman Islands in 1999 and then to Switzerland in 2008 , maneuvers that also helped it avoid taxes .
At the same time , BP was reaping sizable tax benefits from leasing the rig .
According to a letter sent in June to the Senate Finance Committee , the company used a tax break for the oil industry to write off 70 percent of the rent for Deepwater Horizon — a deduction of more than $ 225,000 a day since the lease began .
http://www.nytimes.com/...
Why are these criminally incompetent Robber Barons from BP being let off the hook ?
Has n't anyone in our government read what has happened in the past to clean up workers on an oil spill that was much less significant than the one in the Gulf ?
Majority of Exxon Valdez Oil Spill Cleanup Workers now Dead BP said that Methane makes up about 40 percent of the leaking crude by mass in late May .
Large amounts of toxic hydrogen sulfide , benzene and methylene chloride -- in addition to the Methane -- are also leaking into the Gulf .
Throw in the toxic dispersant being used by BP and you 've got a deadly chemical cocktail that could easily be absorbed and spread by hurricanes , killing virtually everything it comes into contact with , including humans .
Plans are reportedly being put in place for the mandatory evacuation of cities and towns within a 200 - mile radius of the gusher .
Rachel Maddow recently pointed out that BP netted $ 58.5 billion over the past three years .
They reportedly spent $ 29 million researching safer ways to drill over those same three years and spent nothing -- zero dollars -- researching how to respond to an oil spill .
BP falsified their clean up response plan , which the U.S. government quickly approved , using dead experts .
A recently uncovered BP document bragged of Gulf of Mexico growth and cheap production costs .
A recent CNN report claims that the vast majority of those who worked on the clean up of the Exxon Valdez oil spill in 1989 are now dead , and one expert told CNN that the life expectancy for those who worked on it is about 51 years .
The Gulf of Mexico spill has surpassed the Exxon Valdez many times over and will continue doing so .
A video released by John L. Wathen reveals some of the damage done by the oil spill that paints a damning picture of oil saturated water that is killing schools of dolphins and more .
http://www.digitaljournal.com/...
Of course our government knows exactly what is going on , just like they knew exactly what was going on during the Great Heist of 2008 by Wall Street and the Banks .
None of these ' Oligarchs ' are ever going to be held accountable , because we as a people , keep ' waiting for the Tipping Point ' ... what a load of crap .
How many ' Tipping Points ' do we need folks ?
Wall Street / The Banks ruin our entire national economy , and then ' get paid off ' for doing so , while millions and millions of jobs and homes are lost , now BP , is getting away with murder and ecological terrorism , while the company used a tax break for the oil industry to write off 70 percent of the rent for Deepwater Horizon — a deduction of more than $ 225,000 a day since the lease began , even now , this very day , $ 225,000 a day for gawdsake .... and still what ?
We 're waiting for the Tipping Point ?
Will the ' Tipping Point ' come when your sons and daughters are being drafted into the new endless wars , that our Social Security will be cut and funding ?
Will that be the final straw for you ?
Will we then finally do what our ancestors did , and March by the Millions on Washington DC , and scream as loud as we can until every single window in the Capital Building shakes and cracks until they hear us ?
When is the ' Tipping Point ' folks ?
Will someone tell me ?
Or are we just a bunch of lazy blogging ranters , who care more about our ' gadgets ' than what our own grandfather , grandmothers and families cared about ?
At least they showed up , in the streets , when they had finally had enough .
I guess we just have n't had enough , have we ?
There 's no such thing as a ' tipping point ' people .
The tipping point happened a long time ago , and now we have only ourselves to blame .
It is a moral failure of our own citizens , of our own nation , of our own cowardice not to take direct physical action by actively forming Million People Marches on Washington DC or National Strikes .
We just do n't have the guts to do it , and you can blame the media all your want to , but I know exactly how the War in Vietnam ended .
I know exactly how Civil Rights were finally enacted .
I know what it means to organize and to stop blaming everyone else but ourselves .
If nothing changes , then nothing changes .
Thanks as always .
Sana'a , Yemen ( CNN ) --
Walking past the AK - 47s at the gates of Yemen 's Central Security Forces seemed rather easy although it was not Yemeni soldiers asking questions -- it was Americans in a Land Cruiser .
The anti-terror headquarters in Sana'a has a number of foreign guests these days , but until now they have never been caught on camera .
Beneath hats and behind sunglasses , U.S. and British military trainers put Yemeni security forces through their paces -- teaching them how to fight al Qaeda .
At the training grounds in the mountains surrounding the ancient city , they were finishing up classes for the day .
Such classes are secretive .
They are acknowledged by the governments involved but rarely openly discussed .
The trainers were less than keen on publicity and CNN was ordered to stop filming despite having rarely granted official permission to visit the base .
Their numbers have not been confirmed .
Over the course of a few days I spotted around ten .
Their responses to a Western journalist ranged from cordial chats to passive aggressive .
Most skulked off when they saw me .
Pressure has been on the Yemeni government to fight a growing al Qaeda element -- al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsular -- which grabbed the attention of the West with the Christmas Day attempted bombing of a Northwest Airlines transatlantic flight as it landed in Detroit .
The suspect , Farouk AbdulMutallab , who has pleaded not guilty to six federal terrorism charges , was reportedly trained and armed in Yemen .
There is also increasing scrutiny of America 's growing involvement .
They are more than advisers , they hand pick the country 's top fighters , said General Yahya Mohammed Abdullah Al Saleh , President Saleh 's nephew , who runs the elite counter - terrorism unit ( known as the CTU ) .
" First , when we recruit new blood to the CTU , the British are the first ones to handle the training , and then from there , they pass them to the American trainers , and then more training and only a few can continue to the CTU , " said Al Saleh .
" It is financed and supported by the United States Government and the UK . "
Although most military officials admit in private they would prefer not to need foreign advice , the general admits it has been useful to his troops .
" Before we used to conduct operations and we [ would ] find difficulty [ in ] dealing with terrorists especially as we have [ a ] lack of training and [ a ] lack of equipment , " he said .
" So after the cooperation with the United States we limited our injuries and our casualties . "
Each operation is filmed and given to U.S. advisers to analyze , he added .
" We review all operations with the Americans and then we check when we need more training . "
But al Qaeda is also stepping up its training in Yemen .
Some counter - terrorism experts warn that an influx of foreign fighters from the insurgencies in Afghanistan and Iraq is making the terrorist presence in Yemen much more resilient .
Al Qaeda is using U.S. and British involvement in Yemen as propaganda to win over the support of locals and discredit the Yemeni government .
There is also growing speculation of a more direct role in the fighting by the American military .
But U.S. officials maintain they only provide intelligence and training to the Yemenis .
In June , Amnesty International released photographs of U.S. cluster bombs dropped on a rural Yemeni village in an anti-al Qaeda operation .
Scores of women and children were reported to have been killed .
This attack took place on December 17 -- about a week before the Detroit attempted bombing .
Most Yemeni army officials believe al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula numbers only a few hundred , highly - trained fighters living in rural areas where local tribes may provide shelter .
One senior Yemeni government official speaking off the record said that , after the Detroit bomb plot , they came under so much pressure from the U.S. to tackle al Qaeda they moved negotiators out to villages warning them against harboring suspects .
" Yemeni society is not homogenous , there are lots of people who see the Yemeni- U.S. security cooperation as a horrible choice , " said Mohammed Al Asaadi , a former editor of the Yemen Observer .
" Others believe this kind of cooperation is acceptable as long as it is based on a win - win deal which -- they feel -- is not the case .
Whether the U.S. or UK troops are building the capacity of the Yemeni forces or directly are launching air attacks , this kind of military cooperation is publicly unwelcome . "
For the Yemeni government , any evidence of foreign involvement in its campaign against al Qaeda risks a backlash .
This is one of the most conservative of Arab countries where foreigners are often viewed with suspicion .
The western trainers may play a crucial role in helping confront al Qaeda here -- but in winning the war the government risks losing the hearts and minds of its people .
City zoo seeking to swap the invertebrate ....
Become a fan of Goal.com International on Facebook !
Just click onto Facebook.com / Goal to join the beautiful game 's leading fan community ...
Reports from Spain suggest that Paul the oracle octopus could be set for a transfer from his Oberhausen home to Madrid zoo .
The infamous invertebrate , which successfully predicted eight World Cup results including Spain 's historic final win over Netherlands , is apparently set for a switch to the Spanish capital at the behest of football fans , according to AS .
The proposed exchange will see another animal from Madrid heading in the opposite direction to the Sea Life Aquarium in Oberhausen and it is suggested that their may even be financial compensation as part of the deal .
Apple could be creating an operating system supported by advertisements , allowing users to obtain the software at a reduced price , or for free , in exchange for being required to view ads .
The patent application for the invention " Advertisement in Operating System " was republished as a continuation this week .
It was first revealed last October , and was originally filed for on April 18 , 2008 .
The invention is credited to Apple Chief Executive Steve Jobs , as well as Freddy A. Anzures , Mike Matas , Gregory N. Christie and Patrick Coffman .
The application describes an operating system that would present the user with an advertisement , preventing them from doing basic functions on the system for a set period of time .
At the conclusion of the advertisement , the user would be able to resume their activities on the machine .
" The operating system can disable one or more functions while the advertisement is being presented , " the application reads .
" At the end of the advertisement , the operating system can again enable the function (s ) .
The advertisement can be visual or audible .
The presentation of the advertisement ( s ) can be made as part of an approach where the user obtains a good or service , such as the operating system , for free or at reduced cost . "
Advertisements could be shown at pre-set intervals , based on an internal timer in the system .
Users could also pre-buy additional time to use the computer , allowing them a greater span where they will not be interrupted by an advertisement .
Such a system could be used on computers placed in public places , allowing free access to the Internet on a terminal without paying a fee .
Users could also choose to pay the fee and avoid the advertisements if they wish .
The concept is similar to pre-roll advertisements found on streaming media sites like YouTube and Hulu .
Occasionally , when watching a video on Hulu , users are presented with the option of watching one long advertisement before the content begins , or having a number of shorter ads appear at intervals throughout the video .
According to the patent application , users could also choose to access the advertisements when they choose , delaying an ad by 10 minutes , or choosing to watch one immediately .
This would help to ensure that the ad is not overly intrusive , appearing while the user was in the middle of an important task .
A drop - down selection from the Mac OS X menu bar would also give users the ability to watch the previous or recent ads , and also to visit the website of an advertiser .
While the application specifically shows the system on a Mac OS X - like desktop operating system , the document specifically notes that it could be implemented with any device that has a visual user interface , including smartphones , set top boxes , embedded devices and televisions .
The republishing of the patent , due to continuation , is noteworthy because Apple has since entered the advertising business with its interactive iAds platform .
Apple hopes to redefine the market for mobile advertisements by creating unique content that acts like an application , allowing users to play games , watch video clips and find local stores .
All of this can be done within an application in iOS 4 , without the need to launch a separate Web browser .
Image caption Police have been searching the arrested men's homes
Two men arrested at New York 's John F Kennedy Airport have been charged with conspiring to commit an act of international terrorism .
US authorities say they intended to join a jihadist group in Somalia and kill American troops overseas .
Mohamed Mahmood Alessa , 20 , and Carlos Eduardo Almonte , 24 , were held before they could board separate flights to Egypt and then continue to Somalia .
They are due to appear on Monday in a federal court in Newark , New Jersey .
US justice officials say state and federal law enforcement agents have been investigating Mr Alessa , of North Bergen , New Jersey , and Mr Almonte , of Elmwood Park , New Jersey , since 2006 .
AL - SHABAB IN SOMALIA
Islamist insurgent group in Somalia 's ongoing civil war
Radical faction that emerged from Union of Islamic Courts , routed by Ethiopian forces that invaded Somalia in 2006
Strict Sharia law imposed on areas of Somalia it controls
On US terror list , said to have links with al - Qaeda Meeting Somalia 's al - Shabab Country profile : Somalia Somali Islamists ban BBC output
The pair face charges of conspiring to kill , maim , and kidnap persons outside the United States by joining al - Shabab , a militant group based in Somalia and linked to al - Qaeda .
Al - Shabab was designated a terrorist group by the US in 2008 .
A New York Police Department undercover officer is said to have recorded conversations with the men - both of them reportedly US citizens - in which they spoke about killing Americans .
They are also alleged to have watched online footage of attacks on US troops and suicide bombings , and played recordings of Anwar al - Awlaki - a radical American Muslim cleric of Yemeni descent linked to a series of attacks and plots across the world - promoting violent jihad and justifying the killing of civilians .
The two men are alleged to have planned their trip to Somalia for several months , saving thousands of dollars , practicing for combat at paintball facilities and using virtual - reality games , and acquiring equipment and clothing they could use when they joined al - Shabab in Somalia .
New York City Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said in a statement : " We are also concerned that should they remain undetected and fail in their foreign aspirations that they might strike domestically , as was discussed as a possibility in this case . "
This apparently refers to an alleged comment by Mr Alessa , who reportedly said : " We 'll start doing killing here , if I can't do it over there . "
The government of Somalia has welcomed the arrests , with a spokesman for the ministry of information telling AP : " Foreign terrorists here are an obstacle to lasting peace in Somalia .
So we welcome the move and we are calling on all governments to take such steps against al - Shabab and all terrorists at large . "
The arrests follow two failed attacks in the US in recent months : an attempted car bombing in Times Square last month and the attempted Christmas Day bombing of a Detroit - bound airliner .
SICP vs The Necronomicon
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs The Necronomicon Author Abelson & Sussman " The Mad Arab " Abdul Alhazred Published 1984 730 A.D
Also known as The Wizard Book , The Purple Book Al Azif , The Book of Dead Names Found in the library at MIT Miskatonic U Dedicated to The spirit that lives in the machine The Great Old Ones Contents Abstraction , recursion , interpreters and metalinguistic abstraction Certain ideographs linked with the most blood - curdling and blasphemous whispers of things that had had a kind of mad half - existence before the earth .
Quotes " Programs must be written for people to read , and only incidentally for machines to execute . "
" That is not dead which can eternal lie , and with strange aeons even death may die . "
" Introducing assignment into our programming language leads us into a thicket of difficult conceptual issues . "
" Great holes secretly are digged where earth 's pores ought to suffice , and things have learnt to walk that ought to crawl . "
" The evaluator , which determines the meaning of expressions in a programming language , is just another program . "
" Yog - Sothoth knows the gate .
Yog - Sothoth is the gate . " ( define ( map proc items ) ( if ( null ? items ) nil ( cons ( proc ( car items ) ) ( map proc ( cdr items ) ) ) ) )
" Ph'nglui mglw ' nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah ' nagl fhtagn . "
Critics say " It changed the way I think about my profession . " -- Peter Norvig " Reading leads to terrible consequences . " -- HP Lovecraft Further reading Lisp in Small Pieces , Essentials of Programming Languages De Vermis Mysteriis , Unaussprechlichen Kulten
SICP is an excellent computer science text and one of the bibles of the Lisp / Scheme world .
The Necronomicon is a fictional grimoire that appears in horror writer HP Lovecraft 's Cthulhu mythos .
Per Jacobsson , June 2010
Who knew Eliot Spitzer was such an Israel apologist ?
Guest - hosting on MSNBC , the former New York governor tries to get an uncooperative Glenn Greenwald to accept Israel ’s assault on the aid flotilla and Israel ’s devastating blockade of Gaza as “ reasonable . ”
More on the exchange from Glenn Greenwald .
MSNBC :
Sunburns , fireworks injuries , or overindulgences :
If you ’re not mindful , they ’re all examples of how your long holiday weekend could end on a painful , rather than relaxed , note .
So is coming back to find a vehicle missing or broken into .
Over the long holiday weekend , neighborhoods are likely to be a little emptier than usual , and loud noises — like car alarms going off — are already happening all around .
And that means it ’s prime time for car thieves .
Just as you should be especially careful to secure your house when you ’re away and not flaunt valuables , you should be vigilant about safeguarding your other vehicles when you ’re away in the family wagon .
July and August are the highest months of the year for vehicle theft , which is why the National Insurance Crime Bureau ( NICB ) and LoJack are kicking off a National Vehicle Theft Protection Month initiative , through July .
Black - market stolen parts value - from LoJack
Although vehicle thefts as a whole are declining , according to official U.S. Department of Justice figures , both vehicle break - ins ( theft from vehicles ) as well as the rate of non-recovered stolen vehicles is on the rise .
For non-recovered vehicles , it ’s actually at its highest in 20 years .
It seems the era of the casual car thief looking for a joyride is over , by some accounts , leaving two groups : opportunists looking to steal property from your vehicle , and savvy professional thieves who know what they should steal , how to do it , and how much money it will bring them .
According to 2008 FBI data , 43 percent ( 411,444 ) of vehicles stolen were never recovered .
Some of these vehicles end up in chop shops , with parts sold on the black market ; others are shipped overseas for sale ; and some are resold as used vehicles .
One of the most important points is , if you ’re going to leave any of your vehicles parked out in the driveway or streetside , do n’t leave anything of value out in the open .
Move everything of value out of view and to the trunk , or better yet out of the vehicle , and do n’t ever think that thieves wo n’t break a window for a bin full of coins , or an empty backpack .
The NICB and LoJack recommend three steps for protection :
1 ) Use common sense measures .
Never leave keys in the vehicle with the engine running .
Do n’t hide a spare key in the vehicle .
Close all windows and lock all doors when leaving your vehicle .
Park in a well - lit area and , when at home , keep your vehicle in the garage .
Do n’t leave valuables visible in your car , particularly those items that include your personal information — thieves can drive off not only with your car , but your identity as well .
2 ) Use theft prevention products .
An amateur thief may be less inclined to steal your car if it has visible and audible warning devices like a wheel lock or alarm system .
Immobilizers — which include smart keys , kill switches and fuel cut - off devices — can offer another means of protection .
While the professionals can often disable these devices , they do offer another means of deterrence .
3 ) Use a tracking and recovery system .
Since thieves can typically disarm most theft prevention devices , recovery systems provide the peace of mind that you ’ll get your car back – often quickly – in the event it is stolen .
The most effective systems are directly integrated into law enforcement , use Radio Frequency technology , which has proven to be optimal for recovering stolen vehicles , and are covert so they can not be disengaged .
[ LoJack ]
Image caption
The island has championed the use of renewable power schemes
Residents on the Isle of Eigg have been trying to use household appliances less after a lack of rain affected its hydro power schemes .
The island community has won awards for its renewable power projects , which charge batteries to provide homes with electricity .
Eigg Heritage Trust secretary Maggie Fyffe said islanders were using items such as toasters as little as possible .
She said the isle has not had a heavy rainfall since about May .
Ms Fyffe said : " There is not a ban on toasters but it is the kind of thing folk are not using so much to help save power .
" Rain is something we have been short of this summer .
The winter was pretty dry too . "
Cut emissions
Diesel generators automatically kick in when the renewable schemes lose power .
Renewable energy usually provides the island with 92 % of its electricity .
As well as micro hydro- electric schemes , Eigg also has wind turbines and photo- voltaic cells which harness the power of the sun .
In January , the islanders won £ 300,000 to spend on community projects which reduce CO2 emissions .
The prize was awarded by the National Endowment for Science , Technology and the Arts ( Nesta ) after residents cut emissions by almost a third over the last year .
Eigg beat off competition from communities across the UK to win a share of a £ 1 m prize in Nesta 's Big Green Challenge .
The island was the only Scottish finalist .
NEW YORK -- Terrell
Owens would like to point out that he 's never been disciplined by the NFL for off - field conduct , unlike some of the league 's " golden boys . "
No team has yet to sign him as a free agent , and the polarizing receiver worries teams are swayed by the perception he 's a troublemaker .
It 's a perception he believes he disproved with his agreeable behavior in Buffalo during a disappointing season last year .
" There were a number of times where prior I probably would have reacted , said something I was n't supposed to say , " Owens told The Associated Press on Tuesday .
" I really had some restraint , very patient . "
Did any owners notice ?
" It 's almost like I did n't play last year , " he lamented .
Training camps open for veterans in about two weeks , but Owens sounded as though he may even prefer waiting to sign until after the start of the preseason .
The 36 - year - old promises he 'll make sure to be in excellent shape .
And like many players he believes camp is too long , anyway .
" Anything can happen from now to the beginning of the season , " he said .
" Injuries , anything , to where I may be brought in to help a team win . "
As long as he signs early enough " to get some rhythm , some chemistry , learn the offense , and develop that camaraderie with the guys . "
Owens is clearly sensitive to the coverage he receives in the media .
He disputed talk that he 's making exorbitant salary demands .
" They 're always focused on what has happened earlier in my career , " he complained .
" It 's not like I can't play , " Owens added .
" There is some type of influence that they 're making in the minds of teams and owners and GMs . "
What happened earlier in his career -- in San Francisco , Philadelphia and Dallas -- was that he too often said what he was n't supposed to .
NFL executives are wary of players who might find trouble off the field as commissioner Roger Goodell has cracked down on misbehavior .
" If that 's the case , " Owens said , " then I definitely should be on somebody 's team . "
Sign T.O. , improve your team 's image ?
In an offseason when Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger was suspended for six games for violating the NFL 's personal conduct policy , maybe that does n't sound so far - fetched .
" Some of the golden boys that they kind of highlight throughout the course of the season , those are the guys that are getting in trouble , " Owens said .
" Somehow I get lumped into those topics , which blows my mind .
" I 've never been in any trouble .
I know right from wrong .
I try to make the right choices and judgments when I 'm out in the public . "
What may be scaring off teams more is his production during his one season in Buffalo : 55 catches for 829 yards and five touchdowns .
Not helping matters is the uncertainty surrounding the collective bargaining agreement .
" Now they feel like I 'm slowing down or I can't play , " Owens said .
" But those numbers can be deceiving . "
He would also like to point out that the Bills ' coaching staff upheaval and offensive line injuries were n't exactly conducive to offensive domination .
Owens plans to play two or three more seasons , after which his career aspirations include acting and interior design .
He was in New York this week promoting his reality show on VH1 , which had its second season premiere Sunday .
In the meantime , Owens wants to play for a team that was on the cusp of making or advancing in the playoffs last season .
He specifically mentioned Cincinnati , though the Bengals signed Antonio Bryant after meeting with Owens in March , presumably ending their pursuit of other top receivers .
Owens expressed confidence he will be playing somewhere in the NFL when the season begins .
" I feel like I have enough talent to be a starter on any team , " he said .
" That 's what 's so frustrating . "
Pope Benedict XVI has created a new office to " re-evangelise " the Western world in an attempt to roll back secularist advances in what the Vatican sees as the traditional heartland of Christendom .
The Pope has made no secret of his dislike for secularism and has been determined to persuade Western countries to rediscover their Catholic roots .
He has frequently railed against some of the key pillars of secular liberalism such as the acceptance of homosexuality and abortion rights and the use of contraception .
At one of the last vespers ' service before the Vatican shuts down for the summer break , the Pope announced the creation of a Pontifical Council for the promotion of New Evangelisation which would be dedicated to what he described as " a grave crisis in the sense of the Christian faith " .
The creation of the council is a stark reminder of just how far secularisation has progressed in an area that was once called Christendom and is a tacit admission that the Church 's recent attempts to reinvigorate Christianity in Europe have not succeeded .
The 83 - year - old pontiff admitted that while there were many areas of the world that were still ripe for missionaries , Europe and North America have suffered from an " eclipse of a sense of God " and needed to be re-evangelised .
Tennis fans packed out the 782 - capacity Court 18 yesterday with people lining the roof of the Wimbledon broadcasting centre several deep , and straining to peer through any gaps they could to catch a glimpse of the epic match .
Today both the proceeding games will be played to full houses as fans try and " bag " a seat for the Mahut - Isner shoot out later .
Among the mega - forces moving the tectonic plates and imperiling the nation - states of the world from above and below are these :
First , ethno- nationalism , which threatens nations with secession and break - up .
We see it in the Uighurs of China , the Naga of India , the Baluch of Iran and Pakistan , the Kurds of Iran , Syria , Iraq and Turkey , the Chechens of the Russian Caucasus and the Walloons of Belgium .
Second , transnationalism .
This is the project of global elites who seek to reduce nations to ethno- cultural enclaves in a new world order run by these same bloodless bureaucrats whose loyalty is neither to the land nor people whence they came .
Their work in progress , the European Union , however , is imperiled .
For the EU just took a great leap forward to force Europe 's most indebted nations to surrender their economic independence or be expelled from the European Monetary Union .
The PIGS -- Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece and Spain -- may rebel .
Indeed , we may see cascading rebellions across Europe recalling 1848 , but with a different outcome .
What brought the EU to this day of reckoning is its decision to go for a trillion - dollar bailout of Greece , Portugal and Spain rather than let them default or restructure their debts .
These nations are now being directed by the EU and International Monetary Fund to slash public spending and raise taxes , though all suffer from high unemployment , with Spain 's at 20 percent .
If Berlin gets its way , these nations may also be forced to submit their budgets in advance to Brussels and accept EU - dictated limits on the deficits they will be permitted to run .
This would entail a sweeping surrender of sovereignty , independence and economic freedom .
Moreover , as the pain of this " rescue " is to be borne by the debtors , while the beneficiaries are the French and German banks that hold tens of billions in PIG paper , this question arises :
Why should Athens make Greeks suffer and risk political ruin at the polls , rather than default and let the banks and bondholders of Europe share in the pain ?
Why not quit the EMU , default , repudiate the euro , restore the drachma and devalue ?
That would make Greek exports more competitive and make Greece a more desirable place in which to site one 's next factory .
And with its currency devalued , Greece would also become a more attractive destination for Western tourists .
But a Greek default is not the only threat to the EU .
The European Central Bank has been buying Greek debt from the banks both to relieve them of the risk of a default and to restore market confidence in Greek , Portuguese and Spanish bonds .
Only when such confidence returns will investors buy new debt from the Club Med countries , all of which must issue new bonds to finance deficits and roll over maturing debt .
A problem , however , has also arisen here .
As the ECB is buying up the debt of the PIGS , holders of Greek , Spanish and Portuguese bonds are unloading them , getting out of Club Med paper while the getting is good .
The ECB seems to be substituting itself for the banks as the chump to be left holding the bag when the defaults begin .
The plunging euro is a sure sign the markets are coming to see that the only way the bonds of indebted European nations are going to be paid off is with a huge infusion of euros , which may end that currency 's status as a reliable store of value .
However , " if the euro fails , it is not only the currency that fails , " says German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
" Then Europe fails .
The idea of European unity fails . "
Especially enraged are the Germans .
To show that they were good Europeans , they gave up their beloved mark .
Now , in recent elections in North - Rhine Westphalia , the Christian Democratic Union of Merkel took a thrashing , falling 10 points below the CDU 's 2005 vote , and losing the upper chamber of the German parliament .
Germans may be ready to shed the sackcloth and ashes they have worn for 65 years and start looking out for Deutschland uber alles .
Given the strains on the European Monetary Union and EU , neither of which enjoys the love or loyalty that people render to the countries of their birth , the great unraveling may be about to begin .
Why , after all , should the indebted nations of Europe impose suffering upon their peoples to pay off old debts now held by distant banks ?
How does imposing austerity on Portugal , Spain and Greece enable them to grow their way out of indebtedness ?
How does it help the EU grow if a large slice of the union is forced into austerity ?
And why should Germans who pay themselves modest pensions and hold off retirement put their savings at risk to bail out the Club Med ?
Many have predicted that economic nationalism would one day tear apart the European Union .
The hour may be at hand .
Anyone who is interested in public health may also be interested in the recent rash of new information graphics that attempt to portray various global health issues .
While graphics often provide an easier way to understand an issue for many readers , it is wise to question the sources of information as well as how the graphic is portrayed .
Simple graphics , such as maps based upon statistics , often provide the easiest way to view information .
But , as you ’ll see from the 17 intriguing infographics about global health listed below , some artists may go overboard in their comparisons and images .
Just as Americans look to the ground hog for signs of what the future holds , German soccer fans have their own animal prophet , Paul the Octopus .
Only this year , they did not like what they saw in Paul 's crystal ball .
The eight - legged oracle picked Germany 's rival Spain to beat Germany in the quarterfinal , which he was right about , and has now chosen Spain to win the whole World Cup tournament .
Germans have reacted by posting death threats and calamari recipes on Twitter and the internet , People reported .
The " Psychic Octopus " has correctly predicted the winner in all 7 of Germany 's World Cup matches , including the team 's quarterfinal loss to Spain and their third - place victory over Uruguay .
Paul 's powers were first noticed in the 2008 European Championship , when he picked the winner 5 out of 6 times .
The sea -dwelling seer makes his predictions from a tank in Oberhausen , Germany .
Mussels , a tasty treat for an octopus , are placed inside glass cubes decorated with a country 's flag .
When Paul chooses which cube to feed from first , he reveals his choice , and possibly , the future .
Paul has been perfect this tournament .
Although his recent choices have left many Germans wishing he was an appetizer , he has won new friends on the Iberian Peninsula .
" We are in love with it , " Spanish midfielder Sergio Busquets said to the AP .
" ( we ) want to name it Pablo . "
The Spanish government has even extended asylum to the canny cephalopod after his quarterfinal pick , " so that the Germans do n't eat him , " environmental minister Elena Espinosa said .
On CNN , discussing the attempted Times Square bombing , anchor Don Lemon asked former FBI Assistant Director Tom Fuentes why the area was " blurred out on Google Earth because of this security alert . "
Fuentes , ignorantly , said it was a security measure .
It is somewhat depressing that both men — a prominent news anchor and a former FBI Assistant Director of International Relations — think that Google Earth is real time , and subject to being ' blurred ' by the NYPD .
Someone eagle - eyed at Geekosystem , spotted the ludicrous exchange and posted it :
Lemon : My question to Mr. Fuentes would be : what does that mean ?
What should we garner from this when this area is even blurred out on Google Earth because of this security alert ?
Fuentes : I think they do n't want you to see exactly what kind of work they 're doing , and also they 're searching other parts of the area just to be safe .
Sigh .
Or , you know , it could be that Google does n't in fact have satellite cameras following every inch of the earth 24 hours of the day , and the image was just a bit slow to load .
[ Story comes via @antderosa . ]
Job opportunities for agricultural workers occupations should be abundant because large numbers of workers leave these jobs due to their low wages and physical demands .
- Bureau of Labor Statistics , Occupational Outlook Handbook , 2010 - 11 Edition
Tired of being vilified as stealing jobs from unemployed American citizens , and hoping to spark realistic discussion of immigration reform , United Farm Workers is teaming up with Comedy Central ’s Stephen Colbert for an awesome campaign called Take Our Jobs , the Associated Press reports .
Martin Crook
The union has created a website where you can sign yourself up for fieldwork .
Experienced field hands will train legal residents and hook them up with the many seasonal harvest openings in California , Florida , and elsewhere .
Because really , forget Census taking — what American does n’t want a back - breaking , hot , dangerous ( workers get enslaved , poisoned by pesticides , and die from heat stroke ) job with no health benefits , paid vacation , or even a living wage ?
Federal overtime provisions do n’t apply to farmworkers , nor do minimum - wage laws , the AP reminds would - be applicants .
Such working conditions , along with those in other immigrant - heavy , underpaid food sectors such as slaughterhouses , are the basis for our cheap - food system .
Without them , the 99 - cent hamburger would not exist .
“ We are a nation in denial about our food supply , ” says the UAW campaign .
“ Agriculture in the United States is dependent on an immigrant workforce .
Three - quarters of all crop workers working in American agriculture were born outside the United States .
According to government statistics , since the late 1990s , at least 50 % of the crop workers have not been authorized to work legally in the United States . ”
Take Our Jobs will be featured on the Colbert Report on July 8 .
We ’re glad Colbert will be doing his part to help the unemployed of America find some honest work — and get a discussion about immigration reform going .
Any attempts to reform our food system have to include ending the exploitation of undocumented , unprotected workers .
A science historian in Manchester claims to have deciphered secret messages hidden in the ancient writings of the philosopher Plato .
Dr Jay Kennedy from the University of Manchester has revealed that the legendary Greek philosopher Plato used a regular pattern of symbols to give his books a musical structure .
Plato 's books had a key role in establishing the foundations of Western culture .
But the existence of a so - called ' Plato Code ' has long been disputed .
By unravelling Plato's ' hidden ' messages , Dr Kennedy believes he has thrown a new light on the origins of science , mathematics , music , and philosophy .
Einstein Like all great discoveries , Dr Kennedy said his own Eureka moment was partly due to ' luck . '
We now understand our roots .
Plato was a key founder of Western culture .
So the birth of Western thought and science looks different
Dr Jay Kennedy , University of Manchester
At the University of Manchester , he happened to be teaching one course on Plato 's Republic while teaching another on music and mathematics of the Ancient Greeks , when he began to see a connection .
" It was a combustible mixture , " he said .
" Insights fed on each other , a cascade of discoveries : it was the most exciting time of my life . "
Working from the original scripts , he observed that Plato used a regular pattern of symbols , inherited from the ancient followers of Pythagoras , to give his books a structure hidden beneath the surface .
Fascinatingly , it 's a musical code , " he said .
" Plato and the Greeks believed music was the key to mathematics and the cosmos .
" What we did n't know was that he used Greek musical scales to give his works a hidden structure and then built layers of hidden meanings beneath that . "
The hidden codes reveal that Plato anticipated the Scientific Revolution 2,000 years before Isaac Newton , discovering its most important idea - the book of nature is written in the language of mathematics .
" In ancient times , many of his followers said his writings were written in symbols ; in modern times that was denied , " he said .
" So I 've rediscovered that the Ancients were correct . "
Heresy Plato was the Einstein of Greece 's Golden Age and his work founded Western culture and science .
PLATO - FATHER OF PHILOSOPHY born Athens , lived 427- 347 BC founded the first ' university ' called the Academy was a student of Socrates and teacher of Aristotle most famous work is The Republic laid the foundations of Western philosophy and science once said : " Wise men talk because they have something to say ; fools , because they have to say something "
But his views challenged the accepted view of the world and would have been considered a threat to Greek religion , explained Dr Kennedy , so there was good reason to conceal his views in a hidden Code .
" Plato 's own teacher was executed for religious heresy , " he said .
" And Plato and the other followers of Pythagoras were known for hiding their doctrines .
" They wanted to replace the Olympic Gods with science and mathematics .
These were dangerous views .
" So Plato wrote his stories with a fascinatingly rich and seductive surface story then , underneath , hid the messages he really wanted to convey to future generations . "
So how significant is it that Plato concealed his message in code ?
It 's very significant , " he said .
" It not only changes our understanding of the past but it changes , I think , where we 're heading in the future .
" We now understand our roots .
Plato was a key founder of Western culture .
So the birth of Western thought and science looks different .
" Today , we 're having a battle with other cultures about what kind of country we 're going to be .
And it matters very much that we understand how we got to be a democratic country with human rights .
But it will take a generation to work out the implications , " he added .
" All 2,000 pages contain undetected symbols . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ever since I have started learning and using Linux , this is something I always thought " was happening " and never knew when it will " really happen " .
And the thing is called mass Linux adoption .
Why is it necessary ?
How is the likes of Android , MeeGo and Chrome OS is going to change the world as we know it forever ?
Let 's explore .
MeeGo is a Linux - based open source mobile operating system project which was announced at Mobile World Congress in February 2010 by Intel and Nokia in a joint press conference .
It all started with Intel kick starting its own project for developing an operating system for mobile and netbook platform .
Project was called Moblin .
Intel was rather late in recognizing one important lesson .
Hardware is not the key , it 's the software when you see it from a user point of view .
It is because of the clear monopoly that Microsoft Windows enjoyed that they were able to cut deals with hardware partners .
So the hard reality is , even though you produce the smartest hardware , if you do n't have compatible software to run on it , there is no point .
Things became harder for Intel when the world slowly started moving towards smaller devices like mobile phones and netbooks .
All Microsoft had was the clumsy Vista which was barely usable even on high end hardware and Windows 7 which does't had a comprehensive support for smaller hardware like Intel 's Atom processor .
Intel slowly and painfully realized that their business model is heavily depended in Microsoft and its innovativeness .
They choose opensource and Linux as the alternative and hence Moblin .
Nokia , on the other hand was also in a precarious state .
Even though they were the market leaders , they slowly recognized the fact that , ground beneath their feet is moving and moving fast with the advent of iPhone and the now prominent Android .
And Nokia 's own completely closed and outdated Symbian operating system was beginning to show its limitations pretty badly .
Nokia also went on to choose Linux and their project was named Maemo .
Maemo was based on our very own Debian GNU / Linux .
And later on , Intel and Nokia realized that their interests overlap and it resulted in the merging of Moblin and Maemo to form MeeGo .
The first release of the project happened in May 2010 and was called MeeGo v1.0
How is Google 's ChromeOS intend to change internet landscape further ?
If there is no internet , why would I use my Computer .
I would rather go watch TV then .
This is the underlying logic behind the existence of Google Chrome OS .
So everything in Google Chrome OS is optimized for internet .
Chrome OS has already achieved near 5 second boot time .
Watch this Chrome OS demo video .
It is awesome .
Google want people to be " happy " .
Happy as in " satisfied users " .
I mean , for Google , more satisfied users = more users = more money .
As we have discussed before , Google wo n't probably make any money by selling any operating system or applications / softwares .
Google wants more internet savvy users and that is where their money is .
Google Chrome OS is another step in this regard .
They simply want users to have more choice .
When you have more choice the whole ecosystem , internet ie , tend to grow even further much faster .
Read our previous article on Google Chrome OS
The Android Story
While Moblin and Google Chrome OS are still largely ' concepts ' , I mean there are no production devices yet , Android on the other hand is an open source project which has already proved its mettle .
Every single mobile phone manufacturer is racing to build and release their version of Android mobile phone .
Never before there have been such a rush for an operating system based on Linux , which is encouraging .
And the funny thing , most of the users wo n't even know that they are using a linux based operating system .
Drawback of ' going mainstream ' I guess .
But that is perfectly OK !
( Also Read : 15 Stunning Google Android Wallpapers For Your Desktop
Why these new changes matter from a user point of view ?
What was the best option you had when your Windows machine is completely broken and infected with all kinds of spywares and viruses .
I will tell you , reinstalling windows !!
There were simply no alternatives .
Or the alternatives ( read linux ) never had the financial muscle to market it to the masses .
All this is going to change with biggies like Google , Intel and Nokia with their almost indefinite financial muscle starts marketing Linux ( read MeeGo , Android , Chrome OS ) .
Google Chrome Video
Ads are a good precursor to this .
So we the users are going to end up with a plethora to choose from and this is the single biggest change that is going to happen as a result of the arrival of MeeGo , Google Chrome OS , Android and the likes .
Back in May , the DOT announced that Brooklyn - based artist Molly Dilworth won a commission to paint the pedestrian plazas on Broadway from 47th to 42nd Streets .
And then we forgot all about it .
Today Valerio Bruscianelli reminds us , with a photo showing the work halfway complete .
Called " Cool Water , Hot Island , " the piece is composed of a graphical representation of NASA 's infrared satellite data of Manhattan .
The DOT says , " The design 's color palette of striking blues and lighter hues reflects more sunlight and absorb less heat — improving the look of these popular pedestrian plazas while making them more comfortable to sit in .
The color and patterns evoke water , suggesting a river flowing through the center of Times Square , and they also provide a compelling visual counterpoint to the reds , oranges and yellows of the area ’s signature marquees and billboards . "
Or as Bruscianelli observed , " It looks more like smurf jungle camouflage . "
( Ca n't wait for the indignant NY Post article about how Gargamel can't visit Times Square anymore . )
BioWare and FUNimation are collaborating to make an anime film based on the world of Dragon Age .
The straight - to - DVD release will be worked on by Bioware ’s Executive Producer Mark Darrah , Creative Director Mike Laidlaw , and FUNimation ’s Fukunaga and Chris Moujaes .
It 's set to appear some time in 2011 and will be the first project released under FUNimation 's " Original Entertainment " team .
Whether it will be an adaptation of the game 's story or an all - original tale remains to be seen , although 2011 certainly places it in a prime position to hype any obligatory sequel that may be rearing its head .
Still , that 's all speculation .
All we know for sure is that a cartoon of Dragon Age is coming .
How nice .
... But leave it to Yelling Bird to take the initiative .
Holy crap you guys , I am 30 years old now !
I started this comic when I was barely TWENTY - THREE .
That is CRAZY .
Thank you so much for supporting and sticking with me all these years .
I hope to make it worth your while for years to come .
Regular QC resumes Monday .
The Vatican today made the " attempted ordination " of women one of the gravest crimes under church law , putting it in the same category as clerical sex abuse of minors , heresy and schism .
The new rules , which have been sent to bishops around the world , apply equally to Catholic women who agree to a ceremony of ordination and to the bishop who conducts it .
Both would be excommunicated .
Since the Vatican does not accept that women can become priests , it does not recognise the outcome of any such ceremony .
The latest move , which appeared to bar and bolt the door to Catholic women priests , came at a time when the Church of England moved in the opposite direction , to a step closer to the ordination of female bishops .
The Vatican 's reclassification of attempted female ordination was part of a revision of a 2001 decree , the main purpose of which was to tighten up the rules on sex abuse by priests in reaction to the scandals that have been sweeping through the church since January .
The most important change is to extend the period during which a clergyman can be tried by a church court from 10 to 20 years , dating from the 18th birthday of his victim .
The new rules introduce speedier procedures for dealing with the most urgent and serious cases ; allowed for lay people to form part of church tribunals that judge such cases ; put abuse of the mentally disabled on a level with that of minors , and introduced a new crime of paedophile pornography .
The pope 's spokesman , Father Federico Lombardi , stressed that the changes applied solely to canon , or church , law .
They had no bearing on whether suspected offenders should be reported to the civil authorities .
He said that issue had already been dealt with earlier this year in instructions making it clear to bishops that they must report cases promptly .
The Vatican was working on further instructions " so that the directives it issues on the subject of sexual abuse of minors , either by the clergy or institutions connected with the church , may be increasingly rigorous , coherent and effective , " he said .
The Eyes Have It : No Need for Radar Gun in Ohio State court rules that properly trained police can estimate motorists ' speed .
June 3 , 2010  --
Imagine a highway trooper pulling you over in the middle of your summer travel and declaring that you were speeding .
How 's he know for sure ?
Because he says so ; at least , in Ohio .
The state 's Supreme Court ruled Wednesday that the trained eyeballs of police officers are enough to hand out speeding tickets .
A radar gun is unnecessary .
Some Ohio drivers were stunned .
One woman called it " crazy , " adding that " just the radar gun itself is disputable . "
The 5 - 1 ruling comes in a case involving motorist Mark Jenney , who was given a speeding ticket nearly two years ago by a policeman in Copley , Ohio .
The officer said his radar had clocked Jenney traveling 82 mph in a 60 - mph zone .
He also said that with his 13 years experience as a traffic cop and certification in speed estimation by the Ohio Peace Officer Training Academy , even without the radar , he visually guessed Jenney 's speed was at least 79 mph .
Stay Up to Date on the Latest Travel Trends from ABC News on Twitter
A lower court threw out the radar evidence because the officer was unable to produce the required certification for his training on the device .
But the court ruled that the officer had the background and training to make an educated guess of Jenney 's speed and found the motorist guilty .
In its ruling upholding that conviction , the Ohio Supreme Court said " a police officer 's unaided visual estimation of a vehicle 's speed is sufficient evidence to support a conviction for speeding ... if the officer is properly trained . "
In this case , the court ruled , the office was properly trained and certified to eyeball speeding motorists .
The court added in its ruling that a radar gun " is not necessary to support a conviction for speeding . "
The prosecutor in the Summit County case said the ruling changed little .
It " still requires an officer to be trained , " he said .
" Judges in the past have found defendants guilty based on the same evidence [ visual estimation ] .
It 's just that no one has ever appealed it before . ''
But one dissenting judge argued that the ruling creates too broad a standard for jurors who must evaluate police testimony .
He said the ruling " eclipses the role of the fact - finder to reject such testimony " which , by itself , may not be enough to support a conviction .
Rare for Ohio Cops to Depend on Observation
Other Ohio motorists had a more basic objection .
Some worry about vengeance .
One said " a police officer could know you and have it in for you and just make up something . "
Ted Hart , a spokesman for the Ohio Attorney General 's office , which operates the Ohio Peace Officer Training Academy , said it 's unusual for officers to rely solely on observation to issue tickets .
" Typically , an officer would observe someone that appears to be speeding and then use radar or laser to confirm it , " Hart told the Plain Dealer of Cleveland .
Jenney 's attorney , John Kim , told the newspaper , " We might as well throw all that technology out the window .
" And now a police officer based on his own human biases can stand on the side of the road and write all the tickets he wants .
So , we have taken Draconian steps backwards . "
Cover and packaging of the first model of Laden VS USA .
Developer (s ) Panyu Gaming Electronic Co. Publisher(s ) Panyu Gaming Electronic Co. Platform(s ) Electronic game Genre(s ) Shooter game Mode(s ) Competitive
Players : 1
Laden VS USA ( Chinese : 本·拉登世紀大挑戰 ：Laden VS USA ; pinyin : Běn Lādēng shìjì dàtiǎozhàn ; lit. Bin Laden 's Challenge of the Century ) is a LCD handheld electronic game supposedly created by Chinese company Panyu Gaming Electronic Co. Ltd. .
It is unknown if the company actually manufactured the game due to mass counterfeiting in China .
Laden VS USA was also released in two different designs .
The game is based on the 9/11 attacks and features pictures of the actual wreckage on the packaging .
Laden VS USA also bears the marks of " Made in China " and " Ages 5 and Up " on the packaging .
Laden VS USA has received negative reviews and is very controversial .
The game has also been banned from two stores ; one in Warrington , Cheshire , England and the other in Brooklyn , New York , United States .
Gameplay [ edit ]
The player controls a submarine travelling across the bottom of the screen shooting at fighter jets flying by .
The game is divided into 20 levels and automatically levels you up to the next .
When a level is completed , the game plays a pinging version of " Deck the Halls " .
The higher the level , the more difficult the game becomes .
Laden VS USA is based on the 9/11 incident in 2001 all superimposed over a 9/11 photograph . [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
Although the game is about the 9/11 attacks , the instructions on the back of the packaging appear to have been lifted word for word from the blurb of a boxing game , [ 3 ] and the gameplay is seemingly unrelated .
History [ edit ]
Laden VS USA
The first model of
The game is supposedly manufactured by Chinese company Panyu Gaming Electronic Co. Ltd. located in Guangzhou , China . [ 2 ]
Panyu Gaming Electronic used technology almost two decades old when creating the game .
[ 2 ]
Due to mass counterfeiting in China it is not certain whether the company actually created the game .
The video game is the first to use the September 11 attacks as a main plot device .
The game was released in two models , the first being GM - 026A - 3 and the second GM - 028A - 3 .
The first model can come with yellow or white buttons . [ 4] [ 5 ]
The game was also released with pictures of actual 9/11 wreckage on the packaging and pictures of George W. Bush and Osama bin Laden on the console .
[ 1]
The packaging also bears the marks " Made in China " on the packaging , and is recommended for " Ages 5 and Up " .
[ 2 ]
Upon the game 's release , it was unrated by the Entertainment Software Rating Board ( ESRB ) .
Laden VS USA is also an example of the growing political and cultural impact of video games .
The game can be compared to other controversial video games such as Grand Theft Auto or Ghost Recon .
Laden VS USA also presents an unusual challenge to journalists , scholars and historians for its inherent value as classic war propaganda .
Laden VS USA also provides an interesting example as a non-American cash in to contemporary conflicts , similar to the game Final Battle Afghanistan X - Tank .
[ 2 ]
The game is also notably very rare but can sometimes be found on eBay . [ 1 ]
Reception [ edit ]
Laden VS USA has become popular among Pakistani children . [ 4 ]
Despite this the game is very controversial and has even been banned from the shelves of a discount store in Warrington , Cheshire , England after several protests from religious leaders .
Teenager Hannah Birchall stated about the incident , " The images on the box bring back all the memories of September 11 " , and that she thinks that " it will desensitise children to what happened " .
[ 6 ]
The game has also created controversy in the town of Brooklyn , NYC , USA where pedestrians were outraged over the presence of the game in the local store named Oakdale Dairy . [ 3 ]
YouTube toy reviewer Mike Mozart of JeepersMedia considered Laden VS USA " the worst concept for a game in history " and said that " it boggles the mind that it was actually manufactured and sent to the United States " . [ 1 ]
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Silicon Valley is the hub of the technology industry , but is its status on the wane due to the high cost of living and a more mobile work force ?
Sure there are days when I ’m tempted to live where the action is instead of Austin , but an Economist article showing the migration of workers from California helped remind me why I stay put .
It ’s expensive to live and work in the Valley .
Businesses have to pay higher salaries ( check out the latest numbers from Glassdoor out today showing those salary averages in the tech industry ) , and also deal with onerous government regulations that benefit workers and the social good , but come with a cost .
It ’s also expensive for employees living there in terms of high housing costs , high income taxes and a variety of other expenses .
The Economist today published an article and fancy maps showing the migration away from the Valley .
But while it blames high taxation , I think there ’s another trend at work here — broadband .
Dr. Mohit Kaushal , director of health care for the FCC ’s Broadband Strategy Initiative , put it very succinctly earlier this year when he told me that broadband has the ability to eliminate temporal and geographic boundaries .
And that is giving people a freedom to pursue their jobs , especially those of us in technology , in areas of the country where that may have been impossible a decade ago .
Our society will take a while to catch up ( as will our infrastructure ) , but for those who have fast connections and the type of profession and company culture to embrace remote working in a wide scale , they can be part of a distributed workforce .
This is n’t about outsourcing to India ; it ’s about having the level of geographic freedom once reserved for consultants and perhaps freelancers .
So while there ’s a meme in the tech press pitting New York against Silicon Valley , the real meme may well be pitting the Valley against anywhere else .
Right now , there ’s capital , big companies and inertia keeping a huge number of startups , employees and businesses in Silicon Valley , but for how long ?
The economics are the same — or perhaps marginally worse for California businesses lately — but the technology has changed .
Has it changed enough , or will the Valley continue to draw in the lion ’s share of technology talent ?
Related GigaOM Pro Content ( sub req ’d ) : Who Will Profit From Broadband Innovation ?
Image caption Modern technologies promise to help women preserve their fertility
Women in their late 30s are freezing eggs because they are still hunting for " Mr Right " , research suggests .
A study of women at a Belgian clinic found half wanted to freeze their eggs to take the pressure off finding a partner , a fertility conference heard .
A third were also having eggs frozen as an " insurance policy " against infertility .
Many students would also consider the procedure to focus on a career before motherhood , a separate UK survey found .
The study of nearly 200 students showed eight in 10 doing a medical degree would freeze their eggs to delay starting a family .
Among sports and education students half said they would consider it .
Egg freezing is still a relatively new technology , which enables a woman to save eggs for future IVF treatment if needed .
The chance of success is better with younger , healthier eggs , yet most women currently choosing the procedure are in their late 30s and opting for egg freezing as a " last resort " .
Age has an impact on male as well as female fertility and when they do meet Mr Right , they may well find that he has fertility problems Infertility Network UK , Clare Lewis - Jones
The average cost of egg freezing is around £ 3,000 per attempt and some women may have to undergo up to three cycles in order to preserve a good number of eggs .
Speaking at the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology conference , Dr Julie Nekkebroeck , who carried out the small Belgian study of 15 women , said they also found that 27 % wanted to give their relationship a chance to blossom before bringing up the subject of having a baby .
The women who had an average age of 38 did not expect to use their frozen eggs until they were around 43 and they realised they needed to undergo the procedure while they were still healthy and fertile .
" We found that they had all had partners in the past , and one was currently in a relationship , but they had not fulfilled their desire to have a child because they thought that they had not found the right man . "
Career concerns
Dr Srilatha Gorthi from the Leeds Centre for Reproductive Medicine , who presented the UK study at the same conference , said it was the first time that young women 's attitudes to fertility had been examined in this way .
She said the medical students gave career reasons as the most common reason for considering egg collection while the other students were more concerned about financial stability .
And she added that society needs to better support young women in having a family when they are ready without compromising their careers .
" Women thinking about undergoing this procedure must be provided with accurate information and have counselling to both the benefits and limitations of oocyte freezing compared with other options , " she said .
Clare Lewis - Jones from Infertility Network UK said it is extremely important that people are aware of the effects of age on their fertility .
" Many women now choose to delay having children and although they should be supported in that choice , they need to be aware of the potential problems they may encounter when they do decide the time is right for motherhood .
" Age has an impact on male as well as female fertility and when they do meet Mr Right , they may well find that he has fertility problems .
" They also need to be aware that using fertility treatment is no guarantee of success . "
Wearing purple fireproof gloves , George Ross leaned over the side of a small boat and gingerly placed his igniter package — essentially a modified Molotov cocktail — into a syrupy pool of black oil that had bubbled up from the BP spill site a few miles away .
The fuse sputtered , then a marine flare spit flames between two half - gallon plastic jugs filled with diesel gel and lashed together with foam and tape .
In seconds , a blaze roared up , black smoke poured skyward and the air sizzled with the sound of burning oil .
“ Accch , she ’s got the fire now , ” said Ross , a grizzled Scotsman who works on oil spills around the world .
“ Listen to her snarling and spitting and crackling . ”
It was the 13th burn of the day Saturday for the teams doing arguably the most dangerous and controversial work in the cleanup .
In the three months since the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and sank , killing 11 people , they have lit 329 fires at sea and burned more than 10.3 million gallons of oil .
No one has ever burned oil in U.S. waters after a spill , so government agencies , oil companies and environmental groups are watching closely .
“ We ’ve burned more oil than the Exxon Valdez spilled ” off Alaska in 1989 , said Ross , who helped clean up that disaster too .
“ No one can deny this is a success . ”
Coast officials and oil spill experts describe the offshore burns as a crucial tool to destroy oil before it can reach shore .
The burning is likely to increase now that BP has lifted a containment cap from the wellhead , allowing oil to gush without hindrance , with the goal of installing a tighter seal by Sunday .
Officials say they may be able to permanently close the well by early August .
But confusion and delays still plague the oil - burn program , and may hinder its utility in the weeks ahead .
The burns resumed last Friday after a break that began June 21 , when environmental groups filed a federal lawsuit charging that young sea turtles may have been burned alive between the fireproof booms used to corral the oil .
The reptiles , most of them endangered species , forage and hide in beds of sargassum seaweed , which float on the currents that aggregate the oil .
No one could confirm that any turtles had been incinerated , but the issue led to a public outcry .
BP and the Coast Guard agreed to place wildlife biologists with long - handled nets aboard the igniter boats to grab any turtles before a burn .
Then rough weather forced more delays .
Coast Guard Senior Chief Andrew Jaeger led the first boat back out last Monday to resume the oil infernos .
But another storm moved in before the 30 - boat burn fleet torched any oil , forcing it to return to port .
Jaeger said the oil must lie at least blanket - thick on the surface , and that only a super - hot igniter can set it ablaze .
The thicker the oil , the more efficient the burn .
“ It ’s impossible to light with a match or fireworks , ” he said .
“ Is it possible to light the oil by accident ?
No , it is not .
This absolutely can be done safely . ”
Fire - resistant boom has been rushed to Louisiana from Algeria , Brazil and elsewhere .
“ We ’ve nearly depleted the world ’s supply of fire boom , ” Jaeger said .
“ We ’re destroying them at a faster rate than they ’re designed for in tests . ”
Jaeger led the mission back to the burn zone Saturday , four hours by boat from the nearest port , Venice , La .
When the continental shelf dropped away , the gulf appeared royal blue , but reddish streaks of oil sometimes stained the waves .
More than 50 miles from shore , ground zero for the BP spill , a frenzy of activity was visible in every direction .
Some 28 shrimp boats worked in pairs , towing both ends of 500 feet of fire - resistant boom to corral oil in U shapes , called burn boxes .
The igniter boats , smaller aluminum - hulled craft and speedy red Zodiac inflatables , darted about to set the blazes .
Small spotter planes circled overhead to radio new sightings of oil patches .
Dozens of skimmers and other cleanup or repair vessels , as well as oil rigs and tankers , dotted the horizon .
Wildlife observers hired from a Virginia company , East Coast Observers , rode in the igniter boats , closest to the burn boxes .
No one had reported spotting any turtles since the fires resumed .
The morning saw a giant sludge burn that shot flames high in the sky and lasted more than two hours .
A dozen smaller fires followed .
“ We ’re rewriting the book here , ” said Donnie Wilson , president of Elastec / American Marine , which makes oil spill equipment , as he monitored the operation from a command ship .
“ We can take a few boats and boom , and burn more oil in a day than all the skimmer boats out here can collect . ”
Wilson ’s son recently visited and produced a short video of successful burns to the tune of “ Ring of Fire , ” the country classic by Johnny Cash .
“ It ’s become our theme song , ” Wilson said .
But the igniter crews struggled as an afternoon breeze kicked up foot - high waves .
The surface oil became more emulsified , and thus frothy and difficult to light .
The fire lit by Ross , the Scotsman , fizzled out after a few minutes .
He tried several times , but the pool of oil refused to catch fire .
Even moving a 200 - foot command boat to block the wind did n’t help .
“ It ’s been a rough day , ” Dino Bertrando , the captain , said later .
“ This operation needs glassy water . ”
Others were also frustrated .
Two scientists from the Environmental Protection Agency rode to the burn site with plans to launch two helium balloons , each 15 feet in diameter , to take air samples directly from the smoke plumes .
A package of sensors attached to each balloon is designed to help determine if burning oil on salt water produces more hazardous byproducts than burning oil on land , as some scientists fear .
But after the EPA scientists left port , the project was postponed for at least two days amid confusion about the mission , whether it was safe , and who had approved it .
So far , air monitoring stations along the Gulf Coast have detected no toxic pollution blowing ashore .
Jaeger , a 20 - year Coast Guard veteran , postponed deploying 10 more shrimp boats that were supposed to help with the burns .
It was n’t clear how many of the captains , all Vietnamese , speak English , he said .
“ It ’s already seen as a bit of a wild card , burning oil at sea , ” Jaeger said .
“ We do n’t want anyone to think we ’re out here on a joyride .
Because we ’re not . ”
bob.drogin@latimes.com
Scientists in the Netherlands have unveiled the largest radiotelescope in the world , saying it was capable of detecting faint signals from almost as far back as the Big Bang .
The LOFAR ( LOw Frequency ARray ) consists of 25,000 small antennas measuring between 50 centimetres and two metres across , instead of a traditional large dish , said Femke Boekhorst of the Netherlands Radioastronomy Institute .
It is based near the northeastern Dutch town of Assen , but the antennas are spread out across the rest of the Netherlands and also in Germany , Sweden , France and Britain .
" Today we have launched the biggest radiotelescope in the world .
When you combine all the antennas you get a giant telescope with a diameter of about 1,000 kilometres , " said Ms Boekhorst .
" The observations that we will be able to make will allow us to learn more about the origin of the universe , back to the moment right after the Big Bang . "
The data gathered by the telescope will be dealt with by a supercomputer at the University of Groningen and then transmitted to the institute .
- AFP
Alongside my neighbours from the Danforth area , I joined the large march on Saturday afternoon on the first day of the G20 Summit in Toronto .
We felt proud to be there alongside over 10,000 other Canadians -- women , unionists , students , teachers , people of all ethnicities and backgrounds -- demonstrating our commitment to peace and social justice .
We passed by hundreds and hundreds of police without an incident .
Soon afterwards , while catching a meal on the patio at Fran 's Restaurant on College Street , we heard glass breaking on Yonge Street , and saw a mob of about 150 coming around the corner , hurling chairs into windows .
Someone threw a bottle through a window showering me in broken glass .
What was most striking was that there were not any police in sight .
Evidently this group had started rioting on Queen Street over half an hour earlier -- where the police drove one of their cars into the middle of the group then abandoned it .
It was soon set on fire -- making a great photo op .
The group proceeded up Yonge Street smashing windows all the way up Yonge Street , at least eight blocks , without being stopped by police .
There were reported to be 19,000 security people on duty , and a senior officer told me they had 7,000 police .
As an academic and an activist , I have participated in numerous demonstrations in Canada , the United States , Europe and South America , and I have never seen such a dereliction of duty .
Normally , there are buses full of riot police right in the downtown core , ready to move at a moment 's notice .
The police knew that they should focus their energies on the Black Bloc , especially so late on Saturday afternoon .
But when the rioters came smashing their way up the main street of Toronto , the police disappeared for half an hour .
It would appear that the security forces allowed this riot to happen in order to justify the $ 1 billion which appeared to have been wasted on security measures in Huntsville and Toronto .
They must not be allowed to discredit those of us who protested peacefully .
We must hold this government responsible for wasting $ 1 billion dollars on security measures , and then trying to justify it by allowing people to riot .
David Langille is the executive producer for Poor No More , a feature documentary on Canada 's working poor .
" It 's going to happen , unless something crazy happens in the final hours , " the source said .
" I think by this weekend , it 's going to be wrapped up . "
Big
Ten bylaws state any applicant to the league must receive at least eight votes from the Big Ten Council of Presidents / Chancellors to gain admission .
Besides Nebraska , no other candidates are imminent for the Big Ten , which could stay put with 12 members , the source said .
A source close to the Nebraska Board of Regents told Orangebloods.com the regents met informally Wednesday and have agreed to move to the Big Ten and that a formal announcement Nebraska is leaving will come Friday -- the deadline set by the Big 12 for Nebraska and Missouri to state whether they intend to leave the conference .
A Big 12 football coach , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , told ESPN.com 's Mark Schlabach on Wednesday night that if Nebraska left the Big 12 , the conference would dissolve , according to his athletic director and university president .
The coach said Texas , Texas A&M , Texas Tech , Oklahoma , Oklahoma State and Colorado would join the Pac - 10 , leaving behind Baylor , Kansas , Kansas State , Missouri and Iowa State .
" Nebraska is the key , " the coach said .
The coach said the Pac - 10 favored Colorado over Baylor because of the Buffaloes ' presence in the Denver TV market .
Nebraska 's executive committee of the board of regents agreed Wednesday to amend the agenda for Friday 's meeting to include discussion of realignment .
" We did agree to amend the agenda to add an item regarding conference alignment , " said Bob Phares , the committee chairman .
" The potential for a resolution of that is we will have a briefing for the board on Friday and that was the substance of the meeting .
There was no official action taken . "
An executive call does not involve all board members , just the executive committee , which consists of Phares and fellow regents Bob Whitehouse , Howard Hawks and Kent Schroeder .
Phares said the discussion Friday could lead to a vote -- if the board wishes to take action -- after Friday 's briefing at the 1 p.m. meeting .
" The board could decide that they choose to do nothing and simply sit on the corner and watch the parade , they could decide that they want to reaffirm their commitment to the Big 12 .
They could decide they want to pursue affiliation elsewhere . "
To amend the meeting 's agenda , the executive committee had to make a recommendation to the board by Thursday at 1 p.m. , 24 hours before the meeting , which led to Wednesday afternoon 's conference call .
" We restructured the agenda so we can move this up the the top , " Phares said .
" It 'll be first out of the chute ... It will be very soon after 1 o'clock . "
Phares said he was unsure of the board 's attitude toward a move to the Big Ten .
" We 're trying to make sure we make a factual decision here , not an emotional one , " he said .
Schroeder , a Kearney , Neb. , lawyer who has been on the Nebraska Board of Regents since 1998 , also said he expects a presentation from university president Harvey Perlman and Osborne at Friday 's scheduled board meeting .
" I 'm expecting them to tell me the pluses and minuses of remaining in the Big 12 or going to the Big Ten , " Schroeder said .
But Schroeder , who served as the board 's chairman in 2009 , says he has no preference for either conference , because in order to do so , he " has to have data presented in a way that would allow him to establish a preference . "
Schroeder told the Journal Star there have been no previous meetings between regents about the topic of conference realignment .
Osborne said in a radio interview Tuesday night that a decision should come soon .
" Hopefully we 'll get things put together in the next few days , " Osborne told the statewide Husker Sports Network on Tuesday night without indicating Nebraska 's preference .
" I do n't know exactly what the time frame is [ that ] we 'll be able to put this thing to bed .
But I 'm getting tired of it , you 're probably getting tired of it , and the fans are getting tired of it . "
Missouri appears to be falling down the list of priorities for the Big Ten .
An athletic director with knowledge of the Big Ten told Orangebloods.com , " Missouri is getting cold shoulder from Big Ten . "
The Big Ten announced late last year it is considering adding at least one school , and possibly more , to add a league championship game in football and broaden the reach of its cable television network .
Its decision has created a ripple throughout the power conferences , causing the Pac - 10 to mull its own expansion and threatening the survival of the Big 12 .
A Big 12 source told ESPNDallas.com 's Jeff Caplan officials from Texas , Texas A&M and Texas Tech , in a move sensing Nebraska 's determination to join the Big Ten , have already met to pledge their solidarity .
The first choice is to save the Big 12 , but if that 's not possible , officials from those schools are prepared to merge with the Pac - 10 .
The source said the meetings included the chancellors , presidents and athletic directors from the three schools .
Not present was a Baylor contingent .
Baylor is locked in a battle with Colorado for what is presumed to be the sixth spot along with Texas , Texas A&M , Texas Tech , Oklahoma and Oklahoma State that would create a 16 - team super - conference with the Pac - 10 schools .
Texas and Texas A&M are also expected to meet Thursday to discuss their next move .
Another Big 12 source said that Nebraska 's actions have greatly accelerated talks among officials at Big 12 schools .
The source said that Texas president William Powers and athletic director DeLoss Dodds met with the coaches on Wednesday to update them on the swirling realignment talks .
Texas and the other Big 12 South schools , the source said , continue to work to keep the Big 12 intact .
Information from ESPN senior NFL analyst Chris Mortensen ; ESPN.com 's Adam Rittenberg , Mark Schlabach and David Ubben ; ESPNDallas.com 's Jeff Caplan ; and The Associated Press was used in this report .
( CNN ) -- Clashes between hard - line Islamists and government forces killed six people and wounded 19 in Mogadishu on Friday as violence gripped the Somali capital for a third consecutive day .
A shell hit a bus station in the northern part of the city , causing several of the casualties , said Ali Muse , director of a local ambulance group .
Another shell landed near a mosque in southern Mogadishu , he told CNN .
The heaviest shelling centered on mostly deserted neighborhoods where fighters from the al Qaeda - linked Al - Shabaab group are in control .
At least 32 people have been killed in the three days of heavy fighting , including a patient waiting for treatment at a hospital .
Earlier , eight journalists at an Al - Shabaab news conference were critically wounded .
The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees estimates that more than 200,000 Somalis have been forced to flee their homes this year , with most remaining within the country 's borders because of heavily guarded checkpoints and difficulties in accessing transportation out .
" Those who reach safety abroad speak of a dire situation inside the country , " U.N. refugee agency spokesman Adrian Edwards said in a written statement .
He said insecurity and lack of access is making it hard for humanitarian agencies to reach millions of people in need .
Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .
Go Retro with Flying Toasters
We may earn a commission for purchases made using our links .
Anyone who is old enough to remember the ‘ After Dark ’ series of screensavers for their Apple Mac or Windows PC will recognise the iconic Flying Toasters screensaver .
One of the features of this famous screensaver was that users could adjust the colour or darkness of the toast .
XDA forum member UKLooney has taken this piece of nostalgia and re-packaged it into a Live Wallpaper for Android device owners !
Instead of adjusting the darkness of the toast , rather , UKLooney has given users the option to vary the number of toasters , velocity , size and also the background colour and image .
To enjoy your own slice of toast , download Flying Toast free from the Market , or visit the forum thread to download the apk directly .
The GARTNER COOL VENDOR badge is a trademark and service mark of Gartner , Inc. , and / or its affiliates , and is used herein with permission .
All rights reserved .
Gartner does not endorse any vendor , product or service depicted in its research publications , and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation .
Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner ’s Research & Advisory organization and should not be construed as statements of fact .
Gartner disclaims all warranties , express or implied , with respect to this research , including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose .
The Chipophone is a homemade 8 - bit synthesizer , especially suited for live chiptune playing .
It has been built inside an old electronic organ .
All the original tone - generating parts have been disconnected , and the keys , pedals , knobs and switches rerouted to a microcontroller which transforms them into MIDI signals .
Those are then parsed by a second microcontroller , which acts as a synthesizer .
You can find more information about how the organ was modified on the making of page .
The synthesizer is implemented on an ATmega88 , an 8 - bit microcontroller with 1 kB of RAM and 8.5 kB of ROM .
It receives MIDI data at a jumper - configurable baud rate and produces a 12 - bit mono line out signal .
What follows is a brief architectural overview .
Interrupts are generated at 38 kHz .
For each interrupt , a sample is generated .
It is the sum of the outputs of eight waveform generators ( oscillators ) .
Each waveform generator can be configured to generate a pulse wave ( with some given duty cycle ) , a 4 - bit triangle wave or white noise .
The output can then be ring modulated with a global modulation oscillator ( currently not used ) .
Finally , the output is multiplied with a volume factor .
The waveform generation uses approximately 85 % of the available CPU time .
The remaining time is used by the rest of the software , which is responsible for modifying the parameters ( waveform , frequency , duty cycle , volume ) of the waveform generators in realtime .
For each of the eight waveform generators , there is a matching high - level structure , called a channel .
Each channel keeps the state necessary for executing an instrument macro , such as instruction pointer , instrument volume , glissando rate , current glissando offset and vibrato phase .
It does not keep track of the current pitch , though , but instead holds a reference to the part that has allocated it , known as the owner , and the index to the current key in that part .
From this information , the pitch can be deduced .
The channels are updated at 100 Hz .
There are three parts in the synthesizer : Upper manual , lower manual and pedal .
Each part keeps track of a large array with one entry for each physical key .
This array contains status about the keys , such as whether they are held , whether they are heard ( and at what volume ) , and to which channel they have been routed .
When a part learns that one of its keys has been pressed , it allocates a channel , becoming its owner , and sets up the channel to reference the matching array slot .
The array slot also gets a reference back to the channel .
In arpeggio mode , the part also starts a timer .
If a new key is pressed before this timer expires , it will join the previous one in an arpeggio .
In this case , no new channel is allocated .
Instead , the array slot for the second key is set up to reference the same channel that was used before .
Meanwhile , every channel has an arpeggio timer , telling it when to switch notes .
Everytime this timer expires , the channel will follow its owner reference , scan through the array of the part ( starting at the current index and going towards lower pitches ) , and look for the next slot that references the same channel .
In other words , arpeggios are not stored as lists in RAM , but in a distributed fashion where each key is tagged with the channel number corresponding to the arpeggio in which it occurs .
It is sometimes not possible to allocate a channel , as all eight of them are already in use .
On a traditional synthesizer , this is where the least recently used channel , or perhaps the one with the lowest volume , is cut ( silenced ) and " stolen " .
The chipophone has the benefit of arpeggios , so it 'll use some heuristics to determine which two channels are the least important , and simply join their arpeggios ( or single notes ) into one big arpeggio .
This way , no notes are ever dropped , but the downside is that arpeggios may occasionally be introduced even when no part is in arpeggio mode .
There is also a step sequencer with eight steps , and up to eight note events ( pressed or released ) and one drum event per step .
The implementation is straight - forward .
The lower manual and the drum kit can be used to record the loop , and it can be replayed either at the part of the lower manual or at the part of the pedals .
If it is replayed at the part of the lower manual , actual events on the lower manual will temporarily mute the loop , apart from the drums .
The knobs and switches have been assigned MIDI continuous controller numbers .
Parameters will be routed to the corresponding part according to the MIDI channel number .
When the channel update routine is executed , it will in turn configure e.g. the waveform and duty cycle of the corresponding waveform generator according to the settings stored in the part which owns it .
Discuss this page
Disclaimer : I am not responsible for what people ( other than myself ) write in the forums .
Please report any abuse , such as insults , slander , spam and illegal material , and I will take appropriate actions .
Do n't feed the trolls .
Jag tar inget ansvar för det som skrivs i forumet , förutom mina egna inlägg .
Vänligen rapportera alla inlägg som bryter mot reglerna , så ska jag se vad jag kan göra .
Som regelbrott räknas till exempel förolämpningar , förtal , spam och olagligt material .
Mata inte trålarna .
Primis
Nick Sargente
Thu 22 - Jul - 2010 07:23
The effect on a standard organ known as a Leslie created by a spinning motor creates a Doppler effect , the effect can be heard in acid rock songs such as the Pink Floyd song " On the Run " .
does your organ have one of these ?
It 's a real neat feature , on a second note , would you ever be willing to release the schematics / Rom of that midi board ?
I 'm thinking of making a chipophone myself .
- Primis
lft
Linus Åkesson
Thu 22 - Jul - 2010 08:48 Primis wrote :
The effect on a standard organ known as a Leslie created by a spinning motor creates a Doppler effect , the effect can be heard in acid rock songs such as the Pink Floyd song " On the Run " .
does your organ have one of these ?
The effect on a standard organ known as a Leslie created by a spinning motor creates a Doppler effect , the effect can be heard in acid rock songs such as the Pink Floyd song " On the Run " .
does your organ have one of these ?
No , there was no Leslie speaker in it .
Everything was solid state except the reverb .
Primis wrote : on a second note , would you ever be willing to release the schematics / Rom of that midi board ?
I 'm thinking of making a chipophone myself .
- Primis on a second note , would you ever be willing to release the schematics / Rom of that midi board ?
I 'm thinking of making a chipophone myself .
- Primis
I 'll think about it .
The code might need a little cleaning up first . =)
No , there was no Leslie speaker in it .
Everything was solid state except the reverb .
I 'll think about it .
The code might need a little cleaning up first . =)
Anonymous
Thu 22 - Jul - 2010 15:18
This would rock in a classic NES color - scheme .
Anonymous
Thu 22 - Jul - 2010 16:15 Good job !
I hope you 're doing something cool with the drum unit of the organ as well :)
regards
linde/HT
Anonymous
Thu 22 - Jul - 2010 17:10 Delightful , absolutely delightful !
I would love to build one of those some day .
I second the request for schematics if you ever feel you have the time to get around to it :)
Anonymous
Thu 22 - Jul - 2010 19:03 Ubernice ... hope where will be some nice chiptune songs out soon ...
maybe clint mansell - requiem for a dream or rob dougan - clubbed to death
to start with ?
Anonymous
Thu 22 - Jul - 2010 19:34 amazing work !
i really liked listening to those classics you played in the video .
all the best .
( seconding the request for schematics + code , the nerdcore community needs as many open hardware geek instruments as we can get :)
Anonymous
Thu 22 - Jul - 2010 20:27
Amazing work , and very good tunes you played !
It was a present for my hears .
phil
phil durham
Thu 22 - Jul - 2010 20:50 how long did this project take to complete ?
regardless , it was worth it .
fantastic job .
Anonymous
Thu 22 - Jul - 2010 21:27 Impressive and my congratulations from one low level sw / hw nerd to ( apparently ) another :)
Anonymous
Thu 22 - Jul - 2010 21:34
This
Is so awesome , keep up the good work !
I 'm posting your presentation video on my blog , ( http://ultrazapping.tumblr.com/post/845844888/linus-akessons-chipophone) if you do n't want me to , shoot me a message on my " ask me " page and I 'll remove it .
Cheers .
Anonymous
Thu 22 - Jul - 2010 23:09
Hope to see the chipophone in action in the next parties !
Come to the Main 2010 !
Linus , you 're damn crazy but brillant !
shazz
Anonymous
Thu 22 - Jul - 2010 23:53
This would rock in a classic NES color - scheme .
I disagree , I like the stealthy look of a plain old electric organ , it adds to the mystique of the instrument .
Like a sleeper car .
Also , chiptune is n't exclusive to NES ... jeez .
I disagree , I like the stealthy look of a plain old electric organ , it adds to the mystique of the instrument .
Like a sleeper car .
Also , chiptune is n't exclusive to NES ... jeez .
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 00:42 Sweet !
Another epic chiptune invention from Linus :D
Looking forward to schematics , etc :)
-- Shadyman
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 01:41
Name your price .
Do n't wanna sell ?
Name your price to make another one .
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 03:12 OUTSTANDING !!!!
At first I thought it was dubbed because of the mic hiss was drowned out , up until he played MM2 , my personal absolute favorite , and had faltered a bit ( a very hard piece ) and then I knew it was real .
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 05:47
This is one of the most wonderful things I 've ever seen on the web .
NICE WORK .
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 06:00
What are the names of the other knobs and switches ?
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 06:34
You are a hero !
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 07:49
That was incredible !
Well done !
hatchinatore
Alex Hatch
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 08:13 Primis wrote :
The effect on a standard organ known as a Leslie created by a spinning motor creates a Doppler effect , the effect can be heard in acid rock songs such as the Pink Floyd song " On the Run " .
does your organ have one of these ?
It 's a real neat feature , on a second note , would you ever be willing to release the schematics / Rom of that midi board ?
I 'm thinking of making a chipophone myself .
- Primis
The effect on a standard organ known as a Leslie created by a spinning motor creates a Doppler effect , the effect can be heard in acid rock songs such as the Pink Floyd song " On the Run " .
does your organ have one of these ?
It 's a real neat feature , on a second note , would you ever be willing to release the schematics / Rom of that midi board ?
I 'm thinking of making a chipophone myself .
- Primis
yes i would love to recreate at least the MIDI synthesizer part :) yes i would love to recreate at least the MIDI synthesizer part :)
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 09:52
Thank you very much for sharing this work of art .
Enjoyed your demo with great interest .
You will become a celebrity amongst 8 - bit video game lovers .
Thank you again , from Canada .
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 11:09
The sheer beauty of this project knocked me off my feet .
Kudos to you Linus for a project that shows what dedication ( and a little bit of craziness ;-) ) can achieve , even in the scene ...
Are you planning on going into production ?
Greetings from Heidelberg Germany and thank you so much for the warm nostalgic feeling these sounds released in me
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 13:11
The instrument is second to your amazing skills playing it .
My Childhood memories of these tunes came flooding back , truly amazing .
Thanks for making my day a lot brighter .
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 13:33
You , Sir , are an artist and a gentleman .
I salute you .
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 13:44
I 'm blown away , well done .
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 13:56 Fantastic .
Definitely ( and please ) release the schematics .
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 14:21
Hej , det här var absolut det bästa jag sett & hört för en / lång / tid .
Det där med Megaman 2 fick mig att rentav fälla tårar .
Så vackert .
Tack .
- Janne
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 15:48
There are money to earn here , Linus ...
Well done .
I want it .
/ Thomas Bjerring
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 15:57 the sounds warm my heart , nicely done :)
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 16:22
This would rock in a classic NES color - scheme .
I disagree , I like the stealthy look of a plain old electric organ , it adds to the mystique of the instrument .
Like a sleeper car .
Also , chiptune is n't exclusive to NES ... jeez .
I disagree , I like the stealthy look of a plain old electric organ , it adds to the mystique of the instrument .
Like a sleeper car .
Also , chiptune is n't exclusive to NES ... jeez .
Fully agree , I love the sleeper look .. people will just think it 's an old hammond or such , then you sit down and ( masterfully ) rock out the chiptunes ..
LOVE this project ..
Hope to see many synth projects from you for sure ..
I have a few of my own as well ( a2 sidedcoin on youtube ) .
Congrats !!
Fully agree , I love the sleeper look .. people will just think it 's an old hammond or such , then you sit down and ( masterfully ) rock out the chiptunes ..
LOVE this project ..
Hope to see many synth projects from you for sure ..
I have a few of my own as well ( a2 sidedcoin on youtube ) .
Congrats !!
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 17:21 ups for schematics !.. this baby is amazing !
Linus , you are talented as the day is long !
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 18:11 Mycket bra !
Kan du spelar på min lägenheter ?
I Kanada ? lol .
ta det lugnt !
( ursäkta , min svenska är inte så bra ) ;)
The Canadian
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 18:31 Absolutely fantastic !
Well done !
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 18:35
You 're a genius and an inspiration .
Way to go !
Yarron Katz - Sonic Brilliance Studios
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 18:58 if you ever want to sell this one , or build a new one for cash .
Let me know beleg_1998@yahoo.com
lft
Linus Åkesson
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 20:02 phil wrote : how long did this project take to complete ?
regardless , it was worth it .
fantastic job .
how long did this project take to complete ?
regardless , it was worth it .
fantastic job .
Hard to say how many effective hours I spent on it , because it was done sporadically over the course of a year .
Hard to say how many effective hours I spent on it , because it was done sporadically over the course of a year .
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 20:48 Schematics would be awesome .
I have a very similar old school Hammond that 's been sitting in my basement for years and it'd give me something to do with my spare time .
Nice work .
This is truly amazing .
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 22:31 Whoa !
Amazing work !
Have you noticed any differences between the sound of your synth and the typical SID chips ?
Anonymous
Fri 23 - Jul - 2010 22:31 Whoa !
Amazing work !
Have you noticed any differences between the sound of your synth and the typical SID chips ?
Anonymous
Sat 24 - Jul - 2010 00:02
Det här instrumentet är det mest imponerande jag sett sedan SID - station , rent ljudmässigt .
Men att du sedan konstruerat det hela själv från scratch är bara för mycket , så otroligt imponerande .
Jag skulle absolut betala pengar för att få tillgång till scheman och förprogrammerade chip .
Det här är bara så otroligt häftigt - hoppas på mer galna projekt i framtiden :)
Mvh
Christoffer Aronsson , Umeå
christoffer.aronsson ' vid ' gmail.com
Anonymous
Sat 24 - Jul - 2010 02:28
Hardware is important , but will be just a piece of crap without knowledge how to use it .
It is awesome !
Fantastic !
Great !
I can build similar thing but would never play so easy like you .
Your performance reminds me to live performance of Rob Hubbard on one 8 - bit event ...
Good job , Linus !
Anonymous
Sat 24 - Jul - 2010 02:59
There are money to earn here , Linus ...
Well done .
I want it .
/ Thomas Bjerring
Indeed there is money to earn ... as much as I 'd like to see the schematics , do n't !!!
Look in to selling this stuff to some company or something ... no idea how to do that , but do n't give it out for free , that thing is amazing .
Indeed there is money to earn ... as much as I 'd like to see the schematics , do n't !!!
Look in to selling this stuff to some company or something ... no idea how to do that , but do n't give it out for free , that thing is amazing .
Anonymous
Sat 24 - Jul - 2010 04:07
This chipophone literally rules .
I love chiptunes and listen to them every day - apart from the classic mario tune ( which is good , but overplayed these days ) the other four you played are 4 of my favourites - very nicely done too !
How about playing some Atari St style tunes by Jochen Hippel ( mad max ) or Chris Huelsbeck ?
Turrican or wings of death tunes maybe ?
Secondly , have you ever thought about selling one of these ?
Might be worth a test , I reckon theres a market for this thing .
I for one would love to buy one at the right price !
( im not rich , sorry ... )
Anonymous
Sat 24 - Jul - 2010 06:23
People like you deserve to live forever .
Thank you so much for sharing this video of your amazing creation with everyone .
You give the people of Sweden a good name !
Anonymous
Sat 24 - Jul - 2010 06:27
Wow , great work and performance .
Kudos to you .
Anonymous
Sat 24 - Jul - 2010 07:51 Wow !
This is such an awesome instrument you 've created !
The attention to detail and polish you 've put into it is pretty apparent !
Plus you play it well too ;)
Anonymous
Sat 24 - Jul - 2010 08:20 you 're are a genius and my new personal hero
Anonymous
Sat 24 - Jul - 2010 08:53
This got me very excited .
Please get ahold of the sheet music from all the NES classics and jam them out !
shirotsune
Tan T Curtis
Sat 24 - Jul - 2010 10:17
This Chipophone is a tour de force , both in its actualization and its utilization .
Bravo , sir .
I would love to see downloads of your performances of the pieces included in the presentation ( and of the others to which I suspect you are equally capable of doing justice ) .
Your " Commando ( Highscore ) " in particular is both moving and beautiful -- I would listen to that often , if it were available to me .
Anonymous
Sat 24 - Jul - 2010 11:02
You 're my hero ... ( needless to say am beyond words where did you take this time ! )
Anonymous
Sat 24 - Jul - 2010 12:37 Impressive work !
I 'm building a Atmega88 based MIDI Controller and am planing to add a 8 - bit synthesizer .
Ordered the Parts yesterday :-)
Would be great to take a look at your code …
Please drop me a note when its ready : stepmuel ät ee.ethz.ch
Anonymous
Sat 24 - Jul - 2010 16:20
Truly amazing .
Not only that it works but that it works so well and seems very feature complete and able to mimic the sound of all the different old chips .
Also you play very nicely .
As for requests of music I would like to hear some non-chiptunes played on this thing .
Or perhaps some chiptunes remade to sound like from another system .
Anyways .
Awesome project indeed !
//vanti
Anonymous
Sat 24 - Jul - 2010 19:36 lft wrote : Primis wrote :
The effect on a standard organ known as a Leslie created by a spinning motor creates a Doppler effect , the effect can be heard in acid rock songs such as the Pink Floyd song " On the Run " .
does your organ have one of these ?
The effect on a standard organ known as a Leslie created by a spinning motor creates a Doppler effect , the effect can be heard in acid rock songs such as the Pink Floyd song " On the Run " .
does your organ have one of these ?
No , there was no Leslie speaker in it .
Everything was solid state except the reverb .
Primis wrote : on a second note , would you ever be willing to release the schematics / Rom of that midi board ?
I 'm thinking of making a chipophone myself .
- Primis on a second note , would you ever be willing to release the schematics / Rom of that midi board ?
I 'm thinking of making a chipophone myself .
- Primis
just release the code and let open source community clean it up as they want .
I 'll think about it .
The code might need a little cleaning up first . =)
No , there was no Leslie speaker in it .
Everything was solid state except the reverb .
just release the code and let open source community clean it up as they want .
I 'll think about it .
The code might need a little cleaning up first . =)
Anonymous
Sat 24 - Jul - 2010 20:39 * applause * Amazing job !
breun
Anonymous
Sat 24 - Jul - 2010 20:48
I definetly want one !
Anonymous
Sat 24 - Jul - 2010 20:52
Hey Linus , are you from sweden ?
Anonymous
Sat 24 - Jul - 2010 21:35 Wonderful work , Linus !
Anonymous
Sat 24 - Jul - 2010 21:46
Freaking awesome .
Anonymous
Sat 24 - Jul - 2010 22:37
Holy crap , that 's just too bloody awesome !
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 00:07
Freaking awesome .
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 00:19
Eres un hombre brillante , sigue tu excelente trabajo , con tu creatividad y dedicadez digna de admirarse , estas sorprendiendo y deleitando al mundo .
You 're a brilliant man , continue with your excellent work , with your creativity and dedication worthy of admiration , you 're surprising and delighting the world .
- Andres , from Puerto Rico
Thoughtware .TV
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 03:01
This is so sweet !
I am in love with chip music since the early 80s and seeing someone play those tunes live on that incredibly great invention your chipophone is feels like finally coming back home after a long , hard journey ;-)
You rocked my world ..
Keep up the good work !
BSC / Symbiosis
animalstyle
joey mariano
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 04:26 hey - amazing instrument !
i myself have been trying to get a decent chip sound from a guitar ... here is my recent attempt ...
http://filefreakout.com/animalstyle/?p=927
too bad we 're too far - i want to jam with you !
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 05:03
I believe in our planet again after I saw this page , Linus .
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 06:36 Congratulations from Chile .
You invention is awesome !!!
Ariel Elgueta
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 06:42
You are a genius .
Thank you !
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 08:16 Absolutely brilliant !
If the Scene had a currency , I 'd give you all my savings ! :)
animalstyle
joey mariano
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 08:26 also , i would like to build one of these for my house - are you going to release the source code ever ?
this is all a bunch of atmel chips right ?
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 08:48 Congratulations on the concept !
Being an ex-chiptuner myself , I could see me having a * lot* of fun with such an instrument .
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 08:57
My first job out of high school was fixing these games at a big arcade in Los Angeles back in 1987 .
Brought back a lot of memories .
Thanks & great work !
MsJaye
Jaye Gallagher
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 10:10 Absolutely marvellous , I 'm in awe of your dedication and massive geekiness !
I do n't suppose there 's any chance that you could be persuaded to perform the main theme and high score music to the game " Parallax " by Martin Galway ?
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 10:41
That was awesome !
I would love to get a copy of that playing the Megaman 2 intro as it was amazing .
Keep up the good work !
- TJ
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 11:59
You , sir , are a god .
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 12:40 this is so impressive .
awesome playin ' , man !
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 13:58
What a gift to us all !
This is great and I loved hearing all my old favorite music .
I would love to hear the score from Castlevania .
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 14:47 bra jobbat
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 14:48 bra jobbat
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 14:52
Very well done .
Terrific work on the MIDI and the electronics .
Your playing of your specific type of music is very good and incredably precise .
I have added MIDI to an old electronic organ , but I have headed in a different direction using a software synthesiser in a PC to generate the sounds I wish it to create .
My instrument and era of choice the the Theatre Organ .
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 15:49
Hey guy , you really * ROCK *!!!!!!
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 19:24
This is truly brilliant and inspiring .
Many thanks for sharing your innovation !
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 20:29 Wow Linus , I am deeply impressed - by the technical skills as well as how well you can play an organ !
Best regards ,
DKL ( ex . Legend , Illusion , Success , etc ... )
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 21:09
Fully agree , I love the sleeper look .. people will just think it 's an old hammond or such , then you sit down and ( masterfully ) rock out the chiptunes ..
It 's cool , but being able to use a modern MIDI keyboard as a controller has it 's benefits as well .
Not everyone has space for an old organ , and it'd sure be a pain for a chip musician to carry to a live performance .
Also , I second that more chiptune performance videos would be aweome . :)
It 's cool , but being able to use a modern MIDI keyboard as a controller has it 's benefits as well .
Not everyone has space for an old organ , and it'd sure be a pain for a chip musician to carry to a live performance .
Also , I second that more chiptune performance videos would be aweome . :)
Anonymous
Sun 25 - Jul - 2010 21:12
Grymt bra jobbat mannen !
Som andra påpekat vore det guld om du gav ut kod och kretsschema , skulle verkligen uppskattas !!!
Anonymous
Mon 26 - Jul - 2010 02:25 Amazing .
My too loves combined ... if you were in the UK I would be asking you to join my band Tin Man
Tin
Anonymous
Mon 26 - Jul - 2010 08:30 hihihiihhihi
Anonymous
Mon 26 - Jul - 2010 08:32 ODINO le casamoto
Anonymous
Mon 26 - Jul - 2010 08:34 HELLO very cool
Anonymous
Mon 26 - Jul - 2010 12:42 Excellent !
The lost art of " live chiptune performance " :-)
Bloody brilliant , too .
Anonymous
Mon 26 - Jul - 2010 16:48 Congratulations on a brilliant project !
Are you available for gigs in the UK ?
I help run a chip - tune themed night , and having a live soundtrack ( we already have live Gameboy performances ) would be incredible !
Please get in touch if you'd be interested :
http://www.facebook.com/?ref=logo#!/group.php?gid=79720747061&ref=ts
Ole Rudd / Brother Wetlands
Anonymous
Mon 26 - Jul - 2010 17:38
I think it is incredible .
I love it .
Anonymous
Mon 26 - Jul - 2010 20:48
You are awesome !
In the late 80th I had a 8 - bit soviet computer with Yamaha music chip extension .
And now it is so sweet to see and hear you playing .
Thank you .
Thank you very much !
Best wishes from Russia !
Roman .
Anonymous
Tue 27 - Jul - 2010 00:14 at the video i thought , it 's a SID from the C64 - but its an atmel µ P ...
Anonymous
Tue 27 - Jul - 2010 01:18
This would rock in a classic NES color - scheme .
Actually would be cooler in Famicom Colors !!!
Actually would be cooler in Famicom Colors !!!
Anonymous
Tue 27 - Jul - 2010 03:28
If you are interested in making more , some of us in Hollywood are interested in it .
- RWP86@aol.com
Anonymous
Tue 27 - Jul - 2010 13:12
This i by far the most amazing thing someone has made in the XXI century about music , please make concerts with your invention i think you are gonna have a brigth future ahead
Anonymous
Tue 27 - Jul - 2010 15:11
You are a genious and have my admiration .
I love smart people that enjoy creating and constructing .
Anonymous
Tue 27 - Jul - 2010 16:24 Grymt imponerande !
Sett videon 3ggr nu ...
Blir inspirerad att sätta igång med mina egna galna projekt :)
Anonymous
Tue 27 - Jul - 2010 19:56
Så jäkla grymt , säg till när du skall ha en Nintendo 8 - bit konsert !!!!
Anonymous
Tue 27 - Jul - 2010 21:38
I want one !!!!!!
Anonymous
Tue 27 - Jul - 2010 22:37 Bravo !
You are a genius !
Anonymous
Tue 27 - Jul - 2010 23:14 Awesome !
Den där är bara FÖR fet !
Charmaine
Charmainelim
Wed 28 - Jul - 2010 14:52
You are a genius .
Normally , engineers would enhanced / redefined the analogue organ .
But you transformed an analogue organ to a synthesizer ( dual synthesizer ) and it is a backward design .
It is incredible .
charmaine_lim
www.charmainelimblog.com
Wed 28 - Jul - 2010 15:12
This is amazing .
Technically , it is not easy to transform an analogue dual combo organ to a backward designed " dual synthesizer " .
Anonymous
Wed 28 - Jul - 2010 23:36 Wow !
Please record yourself playing all kinds of old gaming music as well as other music you like .
It has such a great variety of sounds , I would love to hear other songs ( gaming and non-gaming ) .
I would really like to hear you just jamming on this .
Please consider recording yourself :)
bdaglish
Ben Daglish
Thu 29 - Jul - 2010 00:21 Excellent Work .
I may even pay you a visit someday and have a jam ...
Anonymous
Thu 29 - Jul - 2010 00:50 lft wrote : Primis wrote : I 'll think about it .
The code might need a little cleaning up first . =)
I 'll think about it .
The code might need a little cleaning up first . =)
Please do !
As a freshmen electronic engineer , I find this very interesting !
Anonymous
Thu 29 - Jul - 2010 19:59
This is fantastic .
Work out a show and get booked at the big conventions .
You'd be huge at dragon con or comic con or better yet , E3 !!!
Do it .
You'd be famous to all the gamers everywhere !!!!
People would line up to hear you talk about chipophone and then rip out all the great old game music !
Brilliant .
Simply Brilliant .
Anonymous
Fri 30 - Jul - 2010 18:31
Dude this is awesome !!!!
Dammnnn i'm inspired !
Anonymous
Sat 31 - Jul - 2010 15:36 Just amazing !
Anonymous
Sat 31 - Jul - 2010 22:09 Amazing !
Anonymous
Wed 4 - Aug-2010 14:17
Good sir , this is a fantistic piece of work .
Well done !
Anonymous
Wed 4 - Aug-2010 17:52 Congratulations for the fine work !
I also made some like this .
Now I ´m working
on a Hammond emulator based on a FPGA chip .
Regards
Sergio Bordini
Porto Alegre - Brazil
Anonymous
Wed 4 - Aug-2010 18:57
I do n't understand half of the technical jargon you 're using ( I 'm new to programming ) but seeing all the cool projects you 've completed makes me want to learn more than ever .
Amazing stuff .
Anonymous
Wed 4 - Aug-2010 21:08
I agree with some of the other comments earlier , you could definitely take this act to conventions for sure !
( shameless video request coming ... )
Please can you play the moon stage from duck tails NES !!!
Anonymous
Thu 5 - Aug-2010 15:28
Hi , amazing work - amazing result .
The chipophone really recreates the NES sounds perfectly ( pulse , p50 % , p25 % , p12 % , tri , noise .. ) however , as a former amigatracker - nerd , I remember the voices for the music where made up of short digital waveforms ( often handdrawn ) ,
Is there a way to get these sounds into the chipophone aswell ?
Deeply impressed / Joel
Anonymous
Mon 16 - Aug - 2010 11:56
While this does not look easy , I think that you could go into a business of actually selling this , once you perfect the code , I for one would buy it as many other people would as well .
Anonymous
Fri 20 - Aug-2010 05:04
Hey mate ..
I want you to make one for me !!!
Message me and let 's try to work something out :) jimipolar@gmail.com
Anonymous
Fri 20 - Aug - 2010 15:36
You seem to respond only to those that either
1 -- Speak hardcore nerd
2 -- tell you off .
So here goes .
E = mc*mc . Pi = 3.14159265 .
There are four stages of matter .
Yo momma .
Gotcha yet ?
Good .
There are basically 3 levels of nerd that come to this site .
lvl 1 -- soft nerds , can only understand that this instrument makes cool sounds and are here to congratulate you / ask you to build one for them .
2 -- the middle class nerd , understands the things this machine does , but does n't understand a single thing about how it 's made .
We need this midi file , or w/e it is that 's missing and keeping us from making it .
We 've seen this thing , and we need this thing .
This thing is the son of epic and uberleet , and yet , we can't reach it .
The softies do n't care enough , and lvl 3s know how you made it and are probably off making a prototype of their own .
I do n't care if you charge and make an instruction book or anything , that 's on you .
All i know is , I need this chipophone .
lft
Linus Åkesson
Tue 24 - Aug-2010 19:43
Hi , amazing work - amazing result .
The chipophone really recreates the NES sounds perfectly ( pulse , p50 % , p25 % , p12 % , tri , noise .. ) however , as a former amigatracker - nerd , I remember the voices for the music where made up of short digital waveforms ( often handdrawn ) ,
Is there a way to get these sounds into the chipophone aswell ?
Deeply impressed / Joel
Hi !
No , presently there 's no way to use custom waveforms .
For one thing , there 's no intuitive way of mapping waveform design onto the physical controls available on the organ .
Hi !
No , presently there 's no way to use custom waveforms .
For one thing , there 's no intuitive way of mapping waveform design onto the physical controls available on the organ .
Anonymous
Tue 24 - Aug-2010 23:06
Love your work , you 're a genius ;o )
Greetings !
Anonymous
Wed 25 - Aug-2010 00:07 I 'm astonished you managed to make such an amazing synth using an ATmega88 .
I 've found other instructions and code online for making similar synths using similar microcontrollers , but they all seem to be monophonic and do n't include as many features .
You mentioned that the synth takes MIDI input , could you actually just hook up any MIDI controller and control the synth with that ?
Or are there some other special instructions that you 've created which are Chipophone specific ?
I love the sound of the synth , you 're simply amazing as a programmer and composer .
I know many people have asked , and you seem reluctant , but everyone would greatly appreciate it if you released the source for the synth , even if you did n't clean it up .
If you do n't want to release it , I know that I would even love the opprotunity to buy a preprogrammed ATmega 88 from you and I 'm sure others would , too .
Well , for now I guess I 'll have to look into trying to duplicate your programming achievement on my own ATmega88 .
Thanks for the inspiration !
lft
Linus Åkesson
Wed 25 - Aug- 2010 17:54
You seem to respond only to those that either
1 -- Speak hardcore nerd
2 -- tell you off .
So here goes .
E = mc*mc . Pi = 3.14159265 .
There are four stages of matter .
Yo momma .
Gotcha yet ?
Good .
Yes , well , I read all comments and appreciate all the feedback ( here and through other channels ) .
A part of me wants each and everyone of my fans to get an individual reply .
But if I were to spend all my time on internet forums , I would n't have enough time to create new , interesting stuff for your enjoyment .
... and lvl 3s know how you made it and are probably off making a prototype of their own .
I do n't care if you charge and make an instruction book or anything , that 's on you .
All i know is , I need this chipophone .
In that case , all you have to do is to level up . =)
Yes , well , I read all comments and appreciate all the feedback ( here and through other channels ) .
A part of me wants each and everyone of my fans to get an individual reply .
But if I were to spend all my time on internet forums , I would n't have enough time to create new , interesting stuff for your enjoyment .
In that case , all you have to do is to level up . =)
Anonymous
Thu 26 - Aug-2010 18:42
I think you should start doing practical things like changing your wallpaper / borders on your walls in that room .
Stop tinkering with your toys and become a man ! ;)
Anonymous
Fri 27 - Aug-2010 00:26
Become a man ?
That dude is like the second coming of Jesus ( for µ Controllers ) .
I 'd hire him anyday .
Micocontrollers FTW
Anonymous
Sat 28 - Aug- 2010 18:34 Utrolig kult !
Lovin the 8 - bit sound !
Andreas Pedersen ( www.dpadhero.com )
Anonymous
Sun 29 - Aug- 2010 05:54
Fantastisk apparat och verkligen kul att du berättar så mycket om hur den fungerar :-)
Anonymous
Fri 3 - Sep-2010 19:39 CHIPOPHONE CHIPOROCKS the CHIPOHOUSE !
Anonymous
Thu 9 - Sep-2010 10:57
You gotta put three things in here man , one - a lowpass filter .
Two - a Leslie .
Three , a spring reverb tank so you can go all Keith Emerson on it by lifting it up , flipping the reverb on , and dropping it .
other than that , flippin amazing .
i want one .
Anonymous
Tue 21 - Sep - 2010 03:06 lft wrote : Hi !
No , presently there 's no way to use custom waveforms .
For one thing , there 's no intuitive way of mapping waveform design onto the physical controls available on the organ .
Hi !
No , presently there 's no way to use custom waveforms .
For one thing , there 's no intuitive way of mapping waveform design onto the physical controls available on the organ .
I think a little LCD screen with a stylus for hand drawn waveforms would be sweet , but I do n't think I would change anything about the Chipophone .
It is perfect as it is ( in my opinion at least ) .
Maybe on another device ... ?
I think a little LCD screen with a stylus for hand drawn waveforms would be sweet , but I do n't think I would change anything about the Chipophone .
It is perfect as it is ( in my opinion at least ) .
Maybe on another device ... ?
Anonymous
Thu 30 - Sep-2010 01:17 Seriously , i am so amazed by your work here .
i still watch your clip where you play over and over and over again :)
really , good work !
Anonymous
Sun 24 - Oct -2010 02:53 Wonderful instrument !
Making this project open source or into an Instructable would be even more fantastic !
I know there are others out there , like me , that really wish we could make one too , but if they ARE like me then they have enough know - how to follow instructions but not enough to build it from scratch without guidance .
If you ever feel like sharing your genius , Please do not hesitate !
jimqode
Jim Qode
Tue 26 - Oct-2010 08:51
Hi there Linus ,
I was extremely amazed by your hardware chiptune project and now , as if it is possible , I am even more amazed with the Chipophone project .
I have absolutely no idea how you fit all that operations on a 38 khz interrupt along with the high - level controllers .
I would really love to see the code .
Please enlighten me on these chipophone related questions :
1. I guess your output is a ladder DAC .
How many bits ?
2 . Are your oscillators lookup table based ?
If not , how did you implement the noise ?
3 . Are there any filters in the Chipophone ?
If so are they implemented in software or are they analog filters ?
4 . At the begging of the Delta video I see you programming a sequence .
Is that functionality implemented in the synth uC or MIDI controller chip ?
Keep up the good work !
Anonymous
Tue 26 - Oct-2010 21:51
Wow .
Anonymous
Thu 28 - Oct -2010 04:41 naaaaaaaaaaa¡ loco sos de la nasa¡im pre cio nante ¡
Anonymous
Mon 1 - Nov-2010 21:29 Amazing job .
I 'd love to hear Arcade Intro by Tim Kleinert ( 2'00 " onwards ) or a Turrican tune !
lft
Linus Åkesson
Tue 2 - Nov-2010 21:50 jimqode wrote : Hi there Linus ,
I was extremely amazed by your hardware chiptune project and now , as if it is possible , I am even more amazed with the Chipophone project .
I have absolutely no idea how you fit all that operations on a 38 khz interrupt along with the high - level controllers .
I would really love to see the code .
Hi there Linus , I was extremely amazed by your hardware chiptune project and now , as if it is possible , I am even more amazed with the Chipophone project .
I have absolutely no idea how you fit all that operations on a 38 khz interrupt along with the high - level controllers .
I would really love to see the code .
Thanks !
jimqode wrote :
Please enlighten me on these chipophone related questions :
1. I guess your output is a ladder DAC .
How many bits ?
2 . Are your oscillators lookup table based ?
If not , how did you implement the noise ?
3 . Are there any filters in the Chipophone ?
If so are they implemented in software or are they analog filters ?
4 . At the begging of the Delta video I see you programming a sequence .
Is that functionality implemented in the synth uC or MIDI controller chip ?
Keep up the good work !
Please enlighten me on these chipophone related questions : 1. I guess your output is a ladder DAC .
How many bits ?
2 . Are your oscillators lookup table based ?
If not , how did you implement the noise ?
3 .
Are there any filters in the Chipophone ?
If so are they implemented in software or are they analog filters ?
4 .
At the begging of the Delta video I see you programming a sequence .
Is that functionality implemented in the synth uC or MIDI controller chip ?
Keep up the good work !
1. The Chipophone uses an 11 - bit DAC .
That might be overkill , though .
2 . No , the waveforms are calculated from the high bits of a counter which is incremented by a frequency value at every sample .
For noise , the carry bit from that addition triggers a new noise sample to be generated .
Noise is generated by a 15 - bit LFSR , which is implemented like this :
ldi r20 , 2
lsl r8
rol r9
brvc skip
eor r8 , r20
skip :
The shift register is global , so I never use r8 or r9 for anything else .
This makes the code very efficient .
I could probably make it even faster , but right now the triangle wave is the bottleneck .
3. Nope , no filters in the Chipophone .
There 's a simple non-resonant lowpass filter in my Phasor demo , if you 're curious about how to implement it efficiently in AVR assembly language .
4 . In the synth microcontroller , although it could have been implemented either way .
But the synth has a convenient 100 Hz loop for handling vibrato and other stuff , so it was easy to put the sequencer functionality there as well .
Thanks !
1 . The Chipophone uses an 11 - bit DAC .
That might be overkill , though .
2 .
No , the waveforms are calculated from the high bits of a counter which is incremented by a frequency value at every sample .
For noise , the carry bit from that addition triggers a new noise sample to be generated .
Noise is generated by a 15 - bit LFSR , which is implemented like this : ldi r20 , 2lsl r8rol r9brvc skipeor r8 , r20 skip :
The shift register is global , so I never use r8 or r9 for anything else .
This makes the code very efficient .
I could probably make it even faster , but right now the triangle wave is the bottleneck .
3. Nope , no filters in the Chipophone .
There 's a simple non-resonant lowpass filter in my Phasor demo , if you 're curious about how to implement it efficiently in AVR assembly language .
4 .
In the synth microcontroller , although it could have been implemented either way .
But the synth has a convenient 100 Hz loop for handling vibrato and other stuff , so it was easy to put the sequencer functionality there as well .
Anonymous
Fri 10 - Dec-2010 13:55
I wish you would add the Comic Bakery to your down load music .
I liked what I heard in your youtube video
Anonymous
Thu 16 - Dec-2010 19:25
If you 'll release source code , I 'll become your slave
Anonymous
Fri 7 - Jan-2011 18:58
I want one . :D
Sincerely ,
Ignacio/honorabili
Anonymous
Sat 8 - Jan-2011 06:20
I think I 'm in love ....
With YOU !
Anonymous
Sat 8 - Jan-2011 09:35
Thanks .
Please make this open source , it has great potential .
Anonymous
Fri 14 - Jan-2011 01:46
Fy faen så bra !
Særlig rockman < 3
Anonymous
Sun 23 - Jan-2011 22:39 Enhorabuena amigo , por tu trabajo .
Es impresionante y me ha gustado .
Yo tengo un pequeño trabajo sobre cómo hice mi sintetizador , lo he descrito en este enlace :
http://www.hispavila.com/3ds/tutores/musica01.html
Sigue así , en tu propósito y gracias .
[ Congratulations friend , for your work .
It 's awesome and I liked it .
I have a little work on how I made my synthesizer , I have described in this link :
http://www.hispavila.com/3ds/tutores/musica01.html
Keep it up , and thanks for your purpose . ]
Anonymous
Fri 28 - Jan-2011 13:20
How much ?
Anonymous
Sat 29 - Jan-2011 16:17 Ingenious !
Geni ! Etc !
Om du vill sälja den någon gång så finns kontaktuppgifter på http://www.adventurekid.se
Anonymous
Thu 3 - Feb-2011 12:44
Thanks .
Please make this open source , it has great potential .
I agree - and if you do n't as some kind of consellation can you cover Commando please ! < 3 I agree - and if you do n't as some kind of consellation can you cover Commando please ! <3
Anonymous
Fri 18 - Feb -2011 13:55 Linus oh Linus
You are so Clean -us
Anonymous
Fri 25 - Mar -2011 14:47 Very Impressive !!
I used to hear Chiptunes back in the late 90´s while playing Amiga !
You are brilliant !!
Wolfin
Brad Hall
Thu 31 - Mar-2011 05:15 Linus !
Sell me the code please ! <3
Anonymous
Sat 2 - Apr-2011 02:04
I need this thing .
I need it in my house .
Please make more and sell them , I 'll gladly pay for the cost of the organ as well as labor to modify it .
Anonymous
Sat 16 - Apr-2011 08:10 i whant to make one but in a old keybourd like this one i have ,
Casio casiotone mt -100
Anonymous
Thu 21 - Apr-2011 02:09
However I have a question to the following reply from you :
lft wrote :
The shift register is global , so I never use r8 or r9 for anything else .
This makes the code very efficient .
I could probably make it even faster , but right now the triangle wave is the bottleneck .
The shift register is global , so I never use r8 or r9 for anything else .
This makes the code very efficient .
I could probably make it even faster , but right now the triangle wave is the bottleneck .
Why is the triangle generator your bottleneck ?
It seems simple enough ; just left shift the current waveform counter value by one , and in case of a carry bit , xor the result .
BTW : I would really love to see the code for the synth module :-)
- Johnny Just wanted to say I really love your instrument , and please keep on releasing new tunes :-)
Have been listening for hours now ..
However I have a question to the following reply from you :
Why is the triangle generator your bottleneck ?
It seems simple enough ; just left shift the current waveform counter value by one , and in case of a carry bit , xor the result .
BTW : I would really love to see the code for the synth module :-)-
Johnny
Anonymous
Thu 21 - Apr-2011 02:11
Sorry , I meant invert the result ( xor by 1's ) .
- Johnny
Anonymous
Tue 3 - May - 2011 04:46 lft wrote : Primis wrote :
The effect on a standard organ known as a Leslie created by a spinning motor creates a Doppler effect , the effect can be heard in acid rock songs such as the Pink Floyd song " On the Run " .
does your organ have one of these ?
The effect on a standard organ known as a Leslie created by a spinning motor creates a Doppler effect , the effect can be heard in acid rock songs such as the Pink Floyd song " On the Run " .
does your organ have one of these ?
No , there was no Leslie speaker in it .
Everything was solid state except the reverb .
Primis wrote : on a second note , would you ever be willing to release the schematics / Rom of that midi board ?
I 'm thinking of making a chipophone myself .
- Primis on a second note , would you ever be willing to release the schematics / Rom of that midi board ?
I 'm thinking of making a chipophone myself .
- Primis
I 'll think about it .
The code might need a little cleaning up first . =)
No , there was no Leslie speaker in it .
Everything was solid state except the reverb .
I 'll think about it .
The code might need a little cleaning up first . =)
My father has built pipe organs for 30 years now and has also lectured on solid state electronics at the university for 25 years .
I found a free electric organ in my neighborhood and we are seriously considering taking on a project like this .
Would you release the schematics / Rom of that midi board ?
My father has built pipe organs for 30 years now and has also lectured on solid state electronics at the university for 25 years .
I found a free electric organ in my neighborhood and we are seriously considering taking on a project like this .
Would you release the schematics / Rom of that midi board ?
Anonymous
Mon 27 - Jun-2011 14:06 Great !
I love the resulting sound , it really sounds exactly like the NES ( requesting Kirby 's Dreamland , the music is great ) .
I wrote a little article about the chipophone on a french retro gaming community : http://www.gamopat.com/article-le-chipophone-77868345.html
Ducktales , Zelda and Metroid ( part 2 ) are awesome !
Thanks a lot .
Onels4 .
lft
Linus Åkesson
Fri 1 - Jul - 2011 14:21
Why is the triangle generator your bottleneck ?
It seems simple enough ; just left shift the current waveform counter value by one , and in case of a carry bit , xor the result .
This is basically correct , but you also have to mask the result to reduce it to 4 - bit resolution for that characteristic NES sound , and level shift it so it 's centered around zero , since it will be subject to signed multiplication volume scaling later .
Also , my triangle generator supports ring modulation with a global carrier wave , which adds another couple of instructions .
This is basically correct , but you also have to mask the result to reduce it to 4 - bit resolution for that characteristic NES sound , and level shift it so it 's centered around zero , since it will be subject to signed multiplication volume scaling later .
Also , my triangle generator supports ring modulation with a global carrier wave , which adds another couple of instructions .
Anonymous
Sat 2 - Jul - 2011 03:14 you , sir , are a ridiculous and inspiring genius .
can I buy anything from you ??
tim lauer
nashville
Anonymous
Sat 2 - Jul - 2011 08:48 you , sir , are a ridiculous and inspiring genius .
can I buy anything from you ??
tim lauer
nashville
I <3 tim !
DB I < 3 tim !DB
Anonymous
Wed 13 - Jul - 2011 10:22 how does one go about learning the kind of technology used in this and how to work with it ?
Anonymous
Thu 28 - Jul - 2011 18:27 Hello .
I heard the music of Comic Bakery in your video .
Сan you put this part of the soundtrack to a file for download ?
Or maybe you can make a new longer Comic Bakery soundtrack performed by chipophone ?
With respect , from russia .
Anonymous
Wed 3 - Aug - 2011 08:08 how does one go about learning the kind of technology used in this and how to work with it ?
Linus appears to have done this from the ground up ( for which he seems to be getting the respect he deserves ) , but there are open - source tools and guides to create equivalent stuff at http://midibox.org/forums and http://ucapps.de, including keyboard MIDIfication and building MIDI synthesizers based on SID ( C64 ) , OPL3 ( PC ) , and AY - 3 - 8910 ( Intellivision / Vectrex ) chips .
After seeing this , I hope Linus takes a moment to peruse our community ( if he has n't already ) , to see some of the fun we 're having !
Linus appears to have done this from the ground up ( for which he seems to be getting the respect he deserves ) , but there are open - source tools and guides to create equivalent stuff at http://midibox.org/forums and http://ucapps.de, including keyboard MIDIfication and building MIDI synthesizers based on SID ( C64 ) , OPL3 ( PC ) , and AY - 3 - 8910 ( Intellivision / Vectrex ) chips .
After seeing this , I hope Linus takes a moment to peruse our community ( if he has n't already ) , to see some of the fun we 're having !
Anonymous
Sat 6 - Aug-2011 01:13
When I watched your video .. it was like the first time I ever saw a video game or a computer .. that crazy excitement that you get , kinda like falling in love !
This is seriously wonderful !
I hope I can have the privilege of owning one of these some day .
Thank you so much for sharing this with us !
-- Kattywampus
Anonymous
Tue 6 - Sep-2011 17:56
It 's fantastic !
Congratulations for your work and the amazing sounds you remembered me :)
Anonymous
Thu 27 - Oct-2011 06:37
Having a broken organ , seems alright now .
Great work
Anonymous
Sun 6 - Nov-2011 13:51
Very , very cool -
Ah , brings back fond memories
Good Luck
Anonymous
Mon 2 - Jan - 2012 19:55 man you 're incredible ;)
great job
Anonymous
Sat 14 - Jan-2012 06:09 lft wrote : Primis wrote :
The effect on a standard organ known as a Leslie created by a spinning motor creates a Doppler effect , the effect can be heard in acid rock songs such as the Pink Floyd song " On the Run " .
does your organ have one of these ?
The effect on a standard organ known as a Leslie created by a spinning motor creates a Doppler effect , the effect can be heard in acid rock songs such as the Pink Floyd song " On the Run " .
does your organ have one of these ?
No , there was no Leslie speaker in it .
Everything was solid state except the reverb .
Primis wrote : on a second note , would you ever be willing to release the schematics / Rom of that midi board ?
I 'm thinking of making a chipophone myself .
- Primis on a second note , would you ever be willing to release the schematics / Rom of that midi board ?
I 'm thinking of making a chipophone myself .
- Primis
I 'll think about it .
The code might need a little cleaning up first . =)
No , there was no Leslie speaker in it .
Everything was solid state except the reverb .
I 'll think about it .
The code might need a little cleaning up first . =)
I would like to make one myself , if you release the schematics , because i have a lots of components , and i do n't know what to do with them , i made the phasor , but i still need a programmer and a good software .
Stefan from Brasov , Romania
I would like to make one myself , if you release the schematics , because i have a lots of components , and i do n't know what to do with them , i made the phasor , but i still need a programmer and a good software .
Stefan from Brasov , Romania
Anonymous
Sat 21 - Jan-2012 21:34
I do n't know if this was in the explanation or not , but what do the +8 and +16 switches do ?
And why is there no +16 switch for the upper manual ?
Anonymous
Tue 24 - Jan-2012 07:24 code always needs cleaning up haha
great job , sir !
v/r
K
Anonymous
Mon 30 - Jan-2012 20:06
I would love build one of these , do you have any plans of releasing the code and making schematics ?
Anonymous
Wed 1 - Feb -2012 15:52 Wunderbar ! :)
Anonymous
Fri 10 - Feb -2012 22:24
Hi , your work is amazing plus you know how to play some great themes :)
You killed me when you played the High Scores of Commando haha
Just to know , if I want to make you play in a concert in Paris , what would be the difficulty of moving the Chipophone ... looks pretty big , right ?
Will you be willing to move it from it 's place ?
Thanks again for everything , keep up the good work !!
H
Anonymous
Mon 5 - Mar -2012 09:48 this is so cool !
you really need to play the intro tune to ninja turtles on nes , that song was bad ass .
Also the last ninja on c64 , level 1 on ln1 , and the intro on ln2
Anonymous
Sat 14 - Apr-2012 14:30
Still no schematics &code ?
Can we at least get the PCB layout and hex - file then ? :)
btw , awesome work !
( not just the Chipophone , all of it ! )
Anonymous
Sun 1 - Jul - 2012 18:42
Recently getting into Hardware engineering and programming the arduino uno µ Controller .
Now I 'm really interested this is awesome !
I strive to one day make my own projects such as yours your an inspiration man !
Anonymous
Fri 3 - Aug-2012 19:12
You 're a star : *.
And not a single negative carping remark from the viewers ?
Excellent .
That 's a very cool device .
Anonymous
Sun 5 - Aug -2012 18:13
Dude you are awesome .
Have you ever tried to play anything from Maniac Mansion ?
The opening theme song would sound rad on the Chipophone .
Anonymous
Fri 19 - Oct -2012 02:29
Ill give you 1000 $ for it
Anonymous
Wed 31 - Oct-2012 03:47 Bravoooo !
This machine is the most awesome thing I have seen !
I am a developer myself and I have programmed some Microchips in the past , I think it would be awesome if you could open - source the code , on github ( www.github.com) or a similar CVS , this way we can easily add additions / share new sounds or whatever .
also , this would defenitely make people go wild if it were to be posted on ( news.ycombinator.com ) , a mutch visited website in the hackers community .
Man , this thing is so nice , please let us make it even nicer !
Anonymous
Wed 28 - Nov-2012 23:30 Super Rad. Rad 50 , even .
Not only did you create this beast of a device , but you can play the shizzle out of some awesome classics .
You Rawk !
- Jonny
Anonymous
Fri 30 - Nov-2012 11:10
You are absolutely brilliant !
I really like the chiptune - specific features of your Chipophone ( the chiptune - specific waveforms , the two - key portamento and the drum - kit mode ) , and right now I 'm watching your Int'l Karate cover video - brilliant , just brilliant !
SID forever !
C=
LaLa
Anonymous
Sat 22 - Dec -2012 19:41 I
Also would like to make one myself
Anonymous
Tue 19 - Feb -2013 13:03 I would seriously like to see how to build one .
I have limited knowledge on how to do stuff like this , so a step by step video of some sort would be good .
Also , were I to make one , any ideas on a model ?
I know most people would go for whatever is cheap , but I like the layout yours has , it 's easier to work with when playing and is also quite compact .
I 'm from America so I do n't know if you 'd know many models that would fit that are more accessible for me , I 'm just interested to know ( truth be told I 'd probably find a way to get one from Sweden that matches yours if I had to XD )
Bluntstick
Jonathan Lusteau
Tue 2 - Apr-2013 22:29 Hello !
Jonathan and I 'm like some people here wanna do was , I 'd be able to enjoy such a insrument , I am a young collector of retro games and consoles and especially a musician , that 's why when I see your work , I 'm in love .
This must be the 100th time that you request , but could you have the great kindness to provide ( at least for me : p ) construction plans ?
I sincerely hope you do not take it wrong , you can say that many people are jealous of your talent and it's all your honor !
Thank you in advance , hoping for an answer . :)
( if you want this .. )
https://www.facebook.com/johnn.john.585
Anonymous
Sat 29 - Jun -2013 12:37 this is so informative !
http://www.resoundsound.com
Anonymous
Wed 7 - Aug-2013 19:37
Your chipophone is awesome .
And you also know to play my favourites games songs !
You rock man !
Anonymous
Tue 20 - Aug- 2013 02:47
For my birthday , I wish that you play Monkey Island theme for me :)
Signed : a proud cousin from Martinica .
Anonymous
Sat 2 - Nov-2013 19:52
I am crying in tears of joy ! :D
Its such a beautiful Instrument !!!!!
Anonymous
Sun 3 - Nov-2013 00:58
Nice dude ! :)
Anonymous
Tue 12 - Nov-2013 16:21
Become a man ?
That dude is like the second coming of Jesus ( for µ Controllers ) .
I 'd hire him anyday .
Micocontrollers FTW
What he said ! ^ =)
So Linus , saw your footage from Lund - * awesome * , and watched all the vids - You are one of a kind - seriously , amazingly talented guy , and we love the stuff you do !
- loved the fantastic ' Craft ' demo too - amazing !
So the big question is - Will there be a chance of you appearing at Retro Revival 2014 with your awesome playing of the equally awesome Chipophone ? -
That 'd quite possibly make it THE BEST retro show I 've ever attended ! :)
Would you be inclined if enticed by the organisers with money / beer / etc ? :)
All the best !
Japster
What he said ! ^ =) So Linus , saw your footage from Lund - * awesome * , and watched all the vids - You are one of a kind - seriously , amazingly talented guy , and we love the stuff you do !
- loved the fantastic ' Craft ' demo too - amazing !
So the big question is - Will there be a chance of you appearing at Retro Revival 2014 with your awesome playing of the equally awesome Chipophone ? -
That 'd quite possibly make it THE BEST retro show I 've ever attended ! :)
Would you be inclined if enticed by the organisers with money / beer / etc ? :)
All the best !
Japster
Anonymous
Fri 21 - Feb - 2014 20:51 cool man
Anonymous
Thu 27 - Feb -2014 21:58
You can make a LOT of money with this chipophone .
Heck , even I would buy one .
Anonymous
Fri 14 - Nov-2014 22:15
Linus , please send me full documentation on my e-mail : alex.qrp.1997@gmail.com
Anonymous
Tue 30 - Dec-2014 05:45
Hi Linus , as you 've already heard many times - super impressive work .
I am curious as you stated the synthesizer is implemented on a single ATMega88 .
However in the pictures it appears there are at least to ATMega chips on separate boards connected via a ribbon .
If it 's not too much trouble , would you mind elaborating on what the second AVR micro is doing ?
Anonymous
Mon 20 - Jul - 2015 05:30 THIS IS AWESOME
LOLOLOLOLOL
XDXDXD
SWAGAAA
YOLOO
Anonymous
Sat 25 - Jul - 2015 17:01 Hi Linus , as you 've already heard many times - super impressive work .
I am curious as you stated the synthesizer is implemented on a single ATMega88 .
However in the pictures it appears there are at least to ATMega chips on separate boards connected via a ribbon .
If it 's not too much trouble , would you mind elaborating on what the second AVR micro is doing ?
read up !
one is the interface and act's as a midi controller , the other is the synth .
read up !
one is the interface and act's as a midi controller , the other is the synth .
Anonymous
Fri 8 - Jul - 2016 23:21
Fan vad ballt !
Du är cool .
Captcha : Vergency
Anonymous
Sat 24 - Dec -2016 01:58
This is really fantastic
Anonymous
Tue 21 - Mar -2017 21:50 I am delighted !
Anonymous
Mon 15 - May - 2017 02:18
I have tried to build a MIDI synth with similar capabilities on ATmega 32u4 but could not avoid annoying clicks in the audio as the midi signal was processed ( takes way too long and halts DAC conversion for a short while ) .
Hats off for putting it all into an ATmega 88 ...
I have no idea how did you do that .
What kind of data structure do you keep your " tones " / " pressed keys " ?
Only thing that worked reasonably for me is an array of 127 elements , each for one MIDI tone .
I tried using an " stack " of pointers but i sometimes needed to move an element from the middle ( thats why the " " ) to the top which took way too long and made an audible click as well .
This i tried by using a linked list but the overhead for that was just way too large .
lft
Linus Åkesson
Fri 19 - May - 2017 00:29
Generating the sound is done in an interrupt handler , and so is receiving the serial data .
The latter interrupt handler just stashes the bytes into a circular buffer .
Everything else is handled in main context .
What kind of data structure do you keep your " tones " / " pressed keys " ?
Linked lists .
I use one page of memory ( 256 bytes ) as a heap of 3 - byte list nodes .
One of those bytes is a next - pointer ; it can be a byte because the heap is just one page .
So there are 85 nodes in the system , starting at offset 1 which makes 0 free to use as a null pointer .
At initialisation , all 85 nodes are chained together into a freelist .
Heap allocation is then a simple matter of unlinking the first node in the freelist .
Conversely , nodes are freed by unlinking them and putting them back at the head of the freelist .
Thanks !
Generating the sound is done in an interrupt handler , and so is receiving the serial data .
The latter interrupt handler just stashes the bytes into a circular buffer .
Everything else is handled in main context .
Linked lists .
I use one page of memory ( 256 bytes ) as a heap of 3 - byte list nodes .
One of those bytes is a next - pointer ; it can be a byte because the heap is just one page .
So there are 85 nodes in the system , starting at offset 1 which makes 0 free to use as a null pointer .
At initialisation , all 85 nodes are chained together into a freelist .
Heap allocation is then a simple matter of unlinking the first node in the freelist .
Conversely , nodes are freed by unlinking them and putting them back at the head of the freelist .
Anonymous
Fri 24 - Aug-2018 02:22
Hi there ,
this is a great HardwareMod and you documented all your steps !
It has nice sounds an features =)
This music style will never die !
You can play chiptunes very well !
Heared / Looked at this video many times .
I 'll build this sometimes too , if i find some time .
The knowledge exists already in my head and skill =)
Many Greetings from Germany , Luebeck
Anonymous
Thu 24 - Oct -2019 00:07 Really Great work .
It 's amazing !
I crying while listening this handcrafted tunes .
Really great artwork and hardware .
Thank you Linus !
Anonymous
Tue 19 - Nov-2019 16:06
It 's been years since I first heard this , and I still come back to hear your rendition of " Comic Bakery "
https://youtu.be/m1pchpDD5EU?t=112
Would love if you did a standalone of that ! :-)
Anonymous
Mon 20 - Jan-2020 16:57
Linus , you 're officially my new hero
Source language ...
Esperanto
English Output format ...
X-convention
H-convention
Latin 3
UTF -8
Use the X - convention to enter Esperanto text ; though I dislike its appearance , it does make machine processing much simpler .
However , when translating from English into Esperanto I can display the results using X , H , UTF - 8 or Latin 3 .
When you press the Translate !
button , I will generate a list of your words and their translation possibilities in the other language .
Affixes can confuse me , and I do n't concern myself with compound words , so use basic forms of nouns and verbs or experiment with affixes to uncover words I have n't found .
If I can't find a word , I try stripping off some affixes and maybe adding a suffix to see if I can find it ; such discoveries are displayed parenthetically ; be sure to reapply the affixes to get the true meaning , and keep in mind that my affix removal might result in a false match !
4 Junio 2003 modifita .
