Ever since the Israeli invasion of the Gaza strip last December , the global debate surrounding the Israeli - Palestinian conflict has intensified with both sides upping the ante , and the stakes of the framing battle increasing almost daily .
One of the most recent -- but almost totally unreported -- developments in Canada is something called the Canadian Parliamentary Coalition to Combat Antisemitism ( CPCCA ) .
It is not an official parliamentary body but is a multi-party , voluntary association of 13 MPs .
It is currently holding an inquiry into anti-Semitism because , it says , " The extent and severity of antisemitism is widely regarded as at its worst level since the end of the Second World War . "
Harper 's Unmeasured Support for Israel read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
In fact , antisemitic attitudes in the U.S. are at an all - time low according to Abe Foxman of the Anti-Defamation League , whose mandate is to monitor and expose anti-Semitism .
Statistics Canada reports the number of hate crimes against Jews has been dropping since 2001 - 2002 .
But of course , it all depends on how you define anti-Semitism .
Jewish organizations from the Canadian Jewish Congress and Hillel to B'nai Brith have all been vigorously redefining this scourge to capture many more alleged perpetrators in its net of enemies .
One of their targets is the handful of Canadian universities where pro-Palestinian activity has been intense .
But it goes far beyond just the universities .
For the first time in decades , the unquestioned dominance of Israel 's public relations machine and lobbying juggernaut is being seriously challenged .
The characterization of Israel as an apartheid state is gaining much more credibility than Israel 's supporters had ever anticipated .
So is the international Boycott , Divest and Sanctions ( BDS ) campaign .
These are very serious threats to Israel 's credibility as " the only democratic state in the Middle East " -- one of its most powerful claims .
' Rebranding ' after Gaza
Last December 's brutal assault on Gaza by the Israeli army and air force -- and the deliberate targeting of civilians ( as publicly confessed by the soldiers who did it ) -- was a tipping point for many who had preferred to sit on the fence or decline to form a hard opinion .
Those hard opinions are forming everywhere and the current government of Israel , led by the hard - line Benjamin Netanyahu , is only making things worse .
There have been two responses .
The newest is what the Israeli government has referred to as " re-branding , " and in part it involves " soft " stories about Israel -- like one I saw on the CBC shot from a beach in Israel where bathers had claimed they saw a mermaid .
The most prominent example was the celebration of Tel Aviv 's centennial by the Toronto Film Festival .
Scores of prominent Jews ( and thousands of others ) protested .
The other response is conventional .
It is the simple rule of all pro-Israeli organizations and activists : either declare outright or hint at the possibility that any individual criticizing Israel is antisemitic .
Critics of Israel who are Jewish -- whose numbers are increasing dramatically -- are branded as " Jew - hating " Jews .
The strategy has been extremely effective at intimidating potential critics into silence .
Who 's on the CPCCA ?
Which gets us back to the CPCCA .
The 13 - member group is co-chaired by Conservative Scott Reid * and Liberal Mario Silva and also boasts Winnipeg NDP MPs Pat Martin and Judy Wasylycia - Leis and Conservatives Jason Kenney and Peter Kent .
Bob Rae and Ken Dryden are members and the Bloc is also represented .
But it is effectively run by Kenney and the other ex-officio member , Liberal Irwin Cotler .
Both Kenney and Cotler were in London , U.K. last February for the first meeting of European parliamentarians that lead to the " London Declaration " of which the CPCCA is the follow - up initiative .
The core message of the coalition is that criticism of Israel itself is now a new form of anti-Semitism .
The group 's website asks , " What is the ' new antisemitism ' ? " and answers :
" Antisemitism is an age - old phenomenon , yet it is always re-invented and manifested in different ways .
For example , while accusations of blood libel are still being made against the Jewish people , instead they are being directed against the State of Israel , such that anti-Zionism is being used as a cover for antisemitism . "
There is no evidence or links to any evidence to support the claim .
In its FAQ section the coalition answers the question of whether or not its inquiry is " really about limiting legitimate criticism of the State of Israel ? "
No , says the web site : " dissent and opposition to individual actions of the Israeli government are both permitted and encouraged in and outside of Israel . "
But not , apparently , inside the inquiry .
The coalition formally invited written submissions and stated that " Based on these submissions , the committee will invite witnesses to testify at a series of public hearings . "
There was virtually no general publicity about the inquiry , but when word did get out , numerous submissions were made arguing against the Coalition 's concept of a " new anti-Semitism . "
Yet not a single organization or individual known for criticism of Israel has been scheduled to make a presentation to the inquiry ( it is holding eight meetings on Parliament Hill from Nov. 2 to Dec. 8 ) .
It seems the fix is in : the conclusion of the inquiry has been pre-ordained .
If you are a critic of Israel you are already , by definition , antisemitic and obviously not welcome .
Speech laws in the works ?
The CPCCA 's inquiry begs a lot of questions , not the least of which is where do they get their funding ?
The coalition says it does not receive any funding from the government , NGOs or Jewish community organizations .
Their budget is considerable , judging by the fact that eight of the 20 - odd witnesses so far scheduled to appear at the inquiry are being flown in from the U.K. , the U.S. , Germany and Israel .
While the web site promises to reveal funding sources , none are so far listed .
More to the point , just what do the coalition 's members hope will result from their proceedings ?
The CPCCA will make a report to the government and " anticipates that the Government will respond to it by the spring of 2010 . "
That seems pretty specific , especially for a government that is not known for responding readily to outside groups .
Has the government already agreed to respond to the report ?
Will its recommendations find their way into the criminal code ?
There is good reason to fear such an eventuality .
Jason Kenney -- the powerful Conservative ex-officio member of the coalition -- is the point man for Stephen Harper on issues involving Israel and as minister of immigration he personally blocked British MP George Galloway from speaking in Canada .
He also eliminated the half million dollars in funding the Canadian Arab Federation used for settlement programs for new immigrants ( and not just Muslims ) .
He refused to provide any evidence justifying the move .
Kenney told a Toronto audience to " ... be wary of the rise of a new form of anti-Semitism cloaked in debates about Israel 's actions in the Middle East . "
It remains to be seen what the recommendations of the coalition will be , but its conclusions regarding a sweeping redefinition of anti-Semitism have already been drawn and incorporated into their inquiry process -- mortally damaging its credibility .
The likelihood that the Harper government is working in lock - step with the coalition is high and the CPCCA 's purpose may well be to prepare the ground for criminalizing criticism of Israel .
The remaining question is whether Jack Layton , Michael Ignatieff and Giles Duceppe will allow such an abomination to be reflected in any new legislation .
* Story corrected at 11:20 a.m. , Nov. 19 , 2009 .
Roosevelt took the country off the gold standard and Congress enacted legislation nullifying clauses in private contracts stipulating payment in gold over the heated opposition of many of the nation ’s wealthy .
The Agricultural Adjustment
Act setting production quotas and establishing price supports was adopted over the fierce opposition of the nation ’s food processors .
Establishment of the Civilian Conservation Corps was fought tooth and nail by organized labor because of the corps ’ modest wages .
Social Security became law over the ideological objections of those who believed that government was best which governed least and that individuals should fend for themselves or rely on charity .
And the authority of the government to set maximum hours and minimum wages , as well as the right of labor to bargain collectively , was established despite the vociferous opposition of American business .
Image Credit ... Kelly Blair
Roosevelt relished the opposition of vested interests .
He fashioned his governing majority by deliberately attacking those who favored the status quo .
His opponents hated him  and he profited from their hatred .
“ Never before in all our history have these forces been so united against one candidate as they stand today , ” he told a national radio audience on the eve of the 1936 election .
“ They are unanimous in their hatred for me  and I welcome their hatred . ”
Roosevelt sought consensus among his fellow Democrats , which is why he sometimes kowtowed to the Southern oligarchs who were the chairmen of Congressional committees .
But his Republican opponents were relegated to the political equivalent of Siberia .
Roosevelt rode up Pennsylvania Avenue with President Herbert Hoover to the inauguration in March 1933 , but he never saw or spoke to him again  not even in World War II .
For Roosevelt was a divider , not a uniter , and he unabashedly waged class war .
At the Democratic Convention in 1936 , again speaking to a national radio audience , Roosevelt lambasted the “ economic royalists ” who had gained control of the nation ’s wealth .
To Congress he boasted of having “ earned the hatred of entrenched greed . ”
In another speech he mocked “ the gentlemen in well - warmed and well - stocked clubs ” who criticized the government ’s relief efforts .
Roosevelt hived off the nation ’s economic elite to win the support of the rest of the country .
The vast majority of voters rallied to the president , but for a small minority he was the Devil incarnate .
Few today remember the extent to which Roosevelt divided the nation .
The sense of unity wrought by World War II blurred the divisiveness of the 1930s .
Also , Roosevelt endeavored to ensure that more than half of the country was always on his side .
Finally , and most important perhaps , the measures he championed have stood the test of time .
It is difficult for Americans today to comprehend how anyone could have opposed Social Security , rural electrification , the regulation of Wall Street or the federal government ’s guarantee of individual bank deposits .
It was absolutely hilarious .
Will update with links / transcript as I can .
The short story is that they were discussing the VA Health System , and Tancredo made some kind of rude , liberal bashing thinly disguised comment to Kos , to which Kos responded to , awesomely and without fear , I might add .
Kos said something along the lines of ( in reaction the the Tancredo insult ) : " I did n't get depressed and dodge the draft ... "
Tancredo got PISSED , demanded an apology and said something about how he " wo n't be insulted " and demanded an apology .
Kos said " NO " and Tancredo removed his earpeiece and left .
The cameras switched from split screen to just a shot of Markos , he finished strong , Shuster thanks him , and FIN .
FANTASTIC .
LOVED IT .
CAN'T WAIT FOR THE YOUTUBE .
UPDATE :
More detail :
Tancredo was talking about how military members hate the VA and how they all want vouchers to go buy private insurance .
Markos LAUGHED at this , Tancredo started to get pissy , and said " talk to the veterans ! "
So Markos says " Tom , I am a veteran , I did not get a deferment because I was too depressed to fight in a war I supported in Vietnam . "
Tom goes on to say " That 's a cheap , rotten , low , stupid thing to say . "
They talk over one another .
Tom says " You 're not gonna do that .
You 're not gonna try to insult me that way and then pretend like you were just going on to talk about that .
You either apologize or I 'm off . "
Markos says " I 'm not pretending anything , I told you straight up . "
Tom leaves .
MAD .
Markos continues , coherently , calmly , and CORRECTLY , talking about how damaging republicans are in reference to health care .
He goes on to close talking about how Republicans have worked their whole lives to make people fear government and how this will ruin that for them .
Hannibal , down in the comments , pointed out this gen :
Tancredo was active with the College Republicans and a conservative , nonpartisan organization , Young Americans for Freedom ( YAF ) .
As a Republican student activist Tancredo spoke in support of the Vietnam War .
After graduating from the University of Northern Colorado he became eligible to serve in Vietnam in June 1969 .
Tancredo has said he went for his physical , telling doctors he had been treated for depression , and eventually got a " 1 - Y " deferment [ 6 ] .
NOW WITH VIDEO !!!
THANKS TO m00 finsan and robertoroberto and BuckeyeBattleCry
http://www.youtube.com/...
UPDATE :
Wow , thanks guys !
I never get to the Rec List !
And THIS !!!
I appreciate it , I really do .
I will post the transcript when it is up or when I get home from dinner , whatever happens first .
Again , Kos - WAY TO EFFIN ' GO !!!!
UPDATE :
Back from dinner .
I had eggplant parm - it was great .
I checked into the transcripts again ; it appears the Ed Show still has n't provided a transcript .
I think my summary above is meh but the video speaks for itself .
If you want to check back in tomorrow or next week for the actual transcript , here is the link .
Happy Friday night , all .
ADDITIONAL VIDEO :
Check out KO 's thoughts above in the video clip from Countdown last night .
PARTIAL TRANSCRIPT COURTESY OF TrueBlueMajority :
Tancredo : ... every veterans ' group I ever went and talked to complained about the Veterans Administration and the way it was a bureaucratically run program that did n't serve their needs .
They would much rather have vouchers that would allow them to go out and buy their insurance ... kos : [ laughing out loud off camera ] Tancredo : ... in the private marketplace .
They 've talked about it .
You 're laughing ... you may want to talk to the veterans .
They talked to me and that 's what they said !
Shuster : Markos ? [ kos and Tancredo both talking at the same time ] kos : I 'm I 'm I 'm I 'm a veteran ...
Tancredo :
That 's what I 'm telling you , there is no government role ... kos : [ alone ]
Tom , Tom , I 'm I 'm I 'm a veteran , okay , I did not get a deferment because I was too depressed to fight in a war that I supported in Vietnam .
I'm I 'm I 'm a veteran ... [ both talking at the same time ] kos : ... and people want a more effective , they want a more effective VA , and that 's more money .
Tancredo : yeah well that 's a ... you know that 's a cheap rotten [ or ] stupid thing to say .
You you you cannot , no , listen , no , you 're not gonna do .... Tancredo : [ alone ]
You 're not gonna do that .
You 're not gonna , you 're not gonna try to insult me that way and then pretend like we 're just going on and talking about that .
You either apologize or I 'm off .
kos : I 'm not pretending anything , I told you straight up .
[ Tancredo takes off his microphone ] kos :
The issue here , what the Republicans are afraid of , this is a threat to Republicans ...
[ Tancredo walks off the set ] kos : [ all alone on screen now ]
They built an entire ideology predicated on telling people that government does not work .
They are terrified of government programs that work because then people will realize that the government is not the enemy , and that they 're going to work , they 're gonna vote Democratic because Democrats are the party who realize that people need help , and government can sometimes offer solutions .
Shuster : Thank you Markos Moulitsas and also Congressman Tom Tancredo for the time that he was with us — I think he left a little bit early — but the Congressman is always welcome on this show we always appreciate hearing his point of view and it's a feisty one and that 's what we like around here .
Markos thank you as well .
AND WE'RE WIKI 'D !!!
http://en.wikipedia.org/...
Polish police said last night that they had recovered the infamous bronze sign to the former Nazi death camp of Auschwitz after it was stolen on Friday .
They said it had been cut into three pieces , each containing one of the words Arbeit Macht Frei ( work sets you free ) .
Five men , aged between 25 and 39 , were detained in northern Poland and taken yesterday for questioning to the southern city of Krakow , about 40 miles from Auschwitz .
A state of emergency involving tightened border controls and a nationwide search was declared in Poland last week after the theft of the sign , which was cast by camp prisoners and stands as a symbol of the suffering millions endured at the death camp .
The discovery on Friday morning that the sign had been wrenched from the top of the camp 's entrance gate sparked an international outcry .
Avner Shalev , president of the Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial in Israel , called the theft " an attack on the remembrance of the Holocaust " , while Jarek Mensfelt , from the Auschwitz - Birkenau museum , said it was a " desecration " .
Police suspected that a gang was responsible because the theft was carefully carried out , with the perpetrators avoiding attracting the attention of night watchmen or CCTV cameras .
Sniffer dogs led police to believe that the sign was removed through a hole in the camp fence before being loaded into a van .
More than one million people , mostly Jews , died at Auschwitz , which was liberated by Soviet troops 65 years ago , on 27 January 1945 .
About 500 acres of the former death camp was turned into a museum after the war 's end and tens of thousands of visitors from around the world now visit the site .
Guide For Giving Gifts to Guys
Oh , uhh , you bought me the Twilight Series .
Umm , so I guess when I told you that I hate glittery vampires , you took that to mean please buy me four books about glittery vampires ?
Alt - Text :
You got me an iPhone ?!
Cool !
There ’s an app for figuring out the tip at a restaurant !
Oh wait , that ’s just a calculator .
The report represents a comprehensive review of the division ’s litigation activity in the Bush administration .
When compared with the Clinton administration , its findings show a significant drop in the enforcement of several major antidiscrimination and voting rights laws .
For example , lawsuits brought by the division to enforce laws prohibiting race or sex discrimination in employment fell from about 11 per year under President Bill Clinton to about 6 per year under President George W. Bush .
The study also found a sharp decline in enforcement of a section of the Voting Rights
Act that prohibits electoral rules with discriminatory effects , from more than four cases a year under Mr. Clinton to fewer than two cases a year under Mr. Bush .
Joseph Rich , a civil rights lawyer who has been invited by Democrats to testify and was among those given an early copy of the report , said it provided hard data that the division was politicized in the Bush years .
The report “ confirms the types of problems we have been discussing for several years , particularly with respect to the enforcement record of the Bush administration , ” said Mr. Rich , who spent 37 years in the Civil Rights Division and led its voting rights section .
Republicans have signaled that they will use the hearing to accuse the Obama administration of politicizing the division in its own way .
They are focusing on a decision to downgrade voter - intimidation charges stemming from an incident in the 2008 election in which two members of the New Black Panther Party stood outside a Philadelphia precinct in militia uniforms , one of them holding a night stick .
The charges were brought in the final days of the Bush administration and were downgraded and partially dropped in May .
3 Reasons Why Google Needs to Buy Twitter in Order to Survive
As you know , Google is the search engine and controls an obscene amount of traffic on the web .
In fact , it ’s not uncommon for many users to spend at least 25 % of their time online on Google properties like Gmail , Google maps , and news .
With a cash cow business model ( a monopoly in search advertising ) and a killer brand ( “ google ” it ) , Google is living large and seemingly invincible .
But is this really the case ?
Is the Google search engine as stable as it seems ?
With the rise of social media , the search game has changed dramatically .
Users no longer just want a single source telling them what to look at .
Instead , they want recommendations from real people with similar interests and experiences .
That ’s precisely the reason why social networking is so hot right now and will continue to be for the foreseeable future .
Social media is n’t just a fad – it ’s here to stay and will revolutionize the web in the process .
Twitter , in particular , is interesting .
I ’ve written before that Twitter is the future of search and I still stand by that claim 100 % .
In fact , both Google ’s and Bing ’s recent partnerships with Twitter to incorporate real time status updates into the search results is a clear step towards that direction .
More and more people are starting to use Twitter , and the social platform will play a pivotal role in shaping the web and the online community .
And no , not even the mighty Google is immune to the coming changes .
Mark Cuban explains it well …
TWITTER AND FACEBOOK are platforms that allow the news sources , like newscorp to post breaking news and gain value from their brand .
Google does not .
In other words , if I trust a newspaper , tv or any brand , I can follow it on twitter and expect the news to come to me .
The concept of “ If the news is important , it will find me ” works better by the day .
If it matters to me , chances are very good its in one of the twitter feeds I follow .
Having to search for and find news in search engines is so 2008 .
The solution for Google ?
If it wants to remain the dominant online powerhouse that it is today , it needs to adapt to the shifts in the social landscape and buy up Twitter before it ’s too late .
Sure , Google ’s own social innovations like Wave , Social Search , and Search Wiki are nice – but they ’re way too late to matter , especially during this critical stage of shifting user behavior .
Back in March 2009 , Google CEO Eric Schmidt questioned the usefulness of Twitter and called it the “ poor man ’s email ” .
Boy , was he wrong .
It ’s a mistake that could cost Google $ 6 billion or even more , especially if they fail to swoop up Twitter any time soon .
Google as well as Facebook have tried to buy up Twitter in the past , without success .
Twitter is resistant to a sell off , even at $ 1 billion , but anything can be bought if the price is right .
Here are the 3 main reasons why Google needs to buy Twitter in order to survive .
The price tag will not be cheap , but if there ’s any company that can afford it right now it ’s Google .
1. Twitter gaining fast – huge amount of data
Twitter is mentioned and promoted everywhere these days – CNN news broadcasts , popular radio stations , celebrities like Ashton Kutcher and Shaquille O’Neal , the majority of blogs big and small , and even the ESPN homepage .
Everyone and their grandmothers are on Twitter and the rapid growth will only accelerate as Google and Bing incorporate status updates into their search results .
In fact , we ’re only a few years away until Twitter receives mainstream acceptance as a communication channel – just like email addresses , phone numbers , and website URLs .
People are already placing their Twitter usernames on their business cards .
So why does this matter ?
Twitter is essentially collecting the daily life streams of millions of people around the world – breaking news , opinions and reviews , interesting links , connections between people , interests , etc .
Once a larger percentage of the population starts using the service , it ’s scary what ’s possible .
With the right technology , Twitter could potentially mine that data to pretty much find out about anything important happening in the public world .
It could also figure out which websites are the most popular and trustworthy sources .
Hello… Google ..?
2. Google ’s ranking algorithm in danger of being outdated
Google ’s current search ranking algorithm relies heavily on link analysis to determine what ’s important and what ’s most relevant to a given search query ( e.g. a link from CNN implies that the page is important and worthy of high rankings ) .
While this technology was revolutionary to the search industry in the mid 90’s , it ’s in danger of quickly becoming outdated in the current landscape .
First of all , users now want information in real time – especially for things like breaking news .
Because Google works by indexing web pages , the search engine is clunky and unable to keep up with real - time queries .
Secondly , user behavior is changing online and links are becoming less and less reliable in terms of determining the authority of a page .
Webmasters represent only a tiny fraction of the overall population and some hobby bloggers are leaving their own sites for social media sites like Twitter .
So why let the few in power control the rankings with their links ?
Link manipulation is a common tactic used by search marketers and a relatively new site with regurgitated content could potentially rank # 1 for a competitive keyword simply by buying some under - the - radar links .
It ’s a glaring weakness in Google ’s algorithm .
Once Twitter goes mainstream and is used by the masses ( not just the tech savvy ) , imagine all of the data that Google could utilize to perfect its search rankings .
Compared to links on actual web pages , links found in Twitter status updates represent a larger sample of people .
What does this mean ?
If Google were able to incorporate Twitter data into its current link analysis algorithm , search results would be better with less spam – something that ’s integral to Google ’s core business of search advertising .
If that ’s not a reason to buy , then I do n’t know what is .
3 . Play keep away from Bing – competitive advantage
Twitter has enormous potential – there ’s no doubt about it .
But while Google overlooks Twitter , what if it was bought up by Bing ?
Microsoft has already acquired Yahoo ’s search business and seems a step in front of Google in the social sphere .
If Google is smart , it ’ll block Bing ’s moves at all costs and prevent Twitter from springing up with its own search engine in the future .
Let me say it again in case you missed it – Google needs to buy Twitter .
What do you think about a Google acquisition of Twitter ?
Bound to happen ?
How would the deal affect the search industry ?
Leave a comment .
Also , just to clarify , I ’m not necessarily for Google buying Twitter and taking over the Internet .
In fact , I think it ’d be a nice change of scenery and good for the Internet if Google lost some of its dominance and met some fierce competition from Bing and / or Twitter .
Time will tell .
The Department of Defense has identified 929 American service members who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans on Sunday :
GUTIERREZ , David H. , 35 , Staff Sgt. , Army ; San Francisco ; Second Infantry Division .
As Gov. David Paterson calls on New York legislators to give same - sex marriage a vote , he ’s being met with opposition from the usual suspects : the National Organization for Marriage , and State Sen. Ruben Diaz .
Diaz , who insists he can't be a homophobe because he knows gay people ( two of his brothers , one who recently died , are gay ) , and who refuses to accept any blame for gay New Yorkers not being able to wed , says his opposition to marriage is merely the will of the people .
But do n't hate him for it : " My religion does n’t allow me to dance .
But that does not mean I do n’t go to the party .
My religion does n’t allow me to drink .
But that does n’t mean I ca n’t hang around with my friends .
My religion is against gay marriage .
It means , I do n’t agree with what you do .
But let ’s go out .
Let ’s go to the movies .
Let ’s be friends . ”
And then there 's the National Organization for Marriage , which aims to replace white supremacists as America 's largest hate group .
It just announced it 's building a half million dollar " war chest " to mount a primary challenge for any GOP senator who votes for gay marriage , whether or not the vote wins or loses this week .
That means , as Thomas Duane & Co. rally to lock in as many of the 32 Democratic votes as they can , the fight to secure Republican votes is that much harder .
It 's a bit of a different twist than gay activists boycotting the Democratic National Committee : NOM is threatening to wipe out lawmakers before they cast their vote , while gays are threatening to withhold funds only after their elected officials screwed them over .
Click the chart for current gold prices .
Quick Vote
What should U.S. nuclear power policy be ?
It 's a safe , clean alternative right now
More safety testing is needed
We should n't use it or View results
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Gold pared gains Wednesday after hitting an all time high , but still settled at record levels after the Federal Reserve 's latest policy statement came in as expected .
The gold market had rallied earlier in the session amid speculation that foreign central banks would increase their purchases of the precious metal .
But the rally lost some momentum after the Fed announced plans to hold interest rates steady near 0 % .
The central bank said in a statement that although the economy continues to improve , it expects interest rates to remain low for an extended time .
The dollar , which had languished for most of the day , fell sharply after the statement came out .
December gold was up $ 2.40 to $ 1,087.30 an ounce , after hitting an all - time trading high of $ 1,096.20 an ounce earlier in the session .
On Tuesday , gold closed at a record $ 1,084.90 an ounce .
Gold , which is up 23 % this year , surged on Tuesday after the International Monetary Fund said it sold 200 metric tons of the precious metal to India 's central bank .
That sale heightened expectations that more overseas central banks will move to increase their gold holdings .
" To have India step in and buy half of the IMF gold was a big surprise , " said Joe Foster , a precious metals analyst at Van Eck Global .
" It shows that other central banks are looking to buy gold . "
Analysts say many monetary policy makers are looking for ways to reduce their exposure to the U.S. dollar , which is the traditional reserve currency of choice for many foreign central banks .
The dollar , which is down 6 % this year , has been pressured by concerns about the growing U.S. budget deficit and rock bottom interest rates .
Traders say gold could emerge as the " new dollar " when it comes to reserve currencies .
The IMF is slated to sell another 200 metric tons of gold , and many analysts expect China to be a significant buyer .
The Russian central bank has also expressed interest in expanding its gold hoard .
" You have countries that believe gold is going to go higher , otherwise they would n't be making these long - term purchases , " said Adam Klopfenstein , senior market strategist at commodities brokerage firm Lind - Waldock .
" That 's the main catalyst propelling the market higher . "
This is a first posting on the developing situation in Athens where the 36th anniversary of the Polytechnic Uprising against the colonels ' junta has been marked by long and sustained battles with the police during which hundreds of people have been detained .
At the time of writing all central Athens is off bounds .
21:30 17 November 2009
At the time of writing all central Athens is off - bounds and cordoned off by thousands of police forces as battles between protesters and police are developing after the end of the 36th anniversary march for the Polytechnic 1973 uprising and massacre .
It was perhaps the most massive protest march commemorating the Polytechnic Uprising in the last 25 years .
And despite guarantees from the government the presence of the police in the city of Athens was massive and provocative to the extend that the official organising bodies of the march refused to start their long way via the Parliament to the American Embassy ( believed to be behind the 7 year fascist junta ) if riot police forces did not withdraw .
After 16:00 policemen arrested a young man claimed to be in possession of a molotov cocktail , while during the hours preceding the march a dozen of protesters en route to the Polytechneio were detained for carrying gas masks .
Police blockades have sealed off large areas of the Athens centre and are all day conducting mass stop and search operations even in the remotest northern and western suburbs of the city .
The march started moving at 16:30 , shortly stopped at Syntagma square to commemorate the police assassination of two protesters in the Polytechnic march of 1980 , while with some tension built up uproad , at the junction of the Athens Hilton , at 18:15 when riot cops threw a tear gas in the midst of the march attempting to break away the anarchist block .
The tension was quickly diffused .
The first block of the march reached the American Embassy at around 18:00 , where hundreds of riot policemen stood in line guarding the building .
After the traditional long stop , the march started dispersing in large blocks .
At that time , the anarchist block numbering between 2,500 and 4,000 people ( still the numbers are unverified ) decided to return to Exarcheia via Alexandras Avenue where the Athens Police Headquarters Tower and the Supreme Court are lined .
Upon reaching the Police HQs , the big anarchist block was cut in two by riot police forces , leading the protesters to counterattack against the cops and the glass - n - iron symbol of repression with rocks and nautical flares .
The clashes initially forced the police forces to retreat and continued until outside the Supreme Court , with smaller blocks breaking up in the side - streets .
Soon after 19:00 , under unspecified circumstances , a 100 strong block of protesters was surrounded at the junction of Alexandras avenue and Spyrou Trikoupi street by large riot police forces that immobilised them and brutally detained them .
There are reports of people seriously wounded , as well as of two journalists ( one working for the French press , and one for the radio- station Kokkino ) detained or arrested .
The bourgeois media claim that the people detained were unrelated to violence against the police .
Meanwhile protesters that had managed to reach Exarcheia square engaged police blocking the way to the Polytechnic in battle with use of rocks and molotov cocktails , forming barricades .
The area is surrounded by police forces and off bounds even for state and bourgeois journalists .
At the same time Exarcheia locals have gathered in a demo demanding the immediate retreat of the police from their area .
According to the locals the policemen are extremely violent and bear no insignia of identification .
Up to this moment the countdown is about 250 detentions which the persecuting authorities will decide if they are arrests within the next 24h , while protesters are gathering outside the Police HQ Tower demanding their release .
At the same time , the State Persecutor has published a law - suit against the rector and the three sub-rectors of the Athens Polytechnic for allowing athens .
indymedia to use its server .
The law - suit is considered an unprecedented violation of academic freedom .
In Salonica , three different protest marches in commemoration of the 1973 Uprising were marked again by massive participation .
After the end of the march protesters attacked riot police forces outside the Aristotelian University building barricades across Egnatia street .
In the city of Irakleion , in Crete , the Polytechnic protest march starting at Freedom Square and soon attacked riot police forces surrounding it .
During the clashes 5 people were detained , out of which 1 has been upgraded to an arrest .
More than 100 protesters have occupied the city hall as a response to the repression , demanding the immediate release of the comrades and the retreat of the cops from the city centre .
The protest march in the city of Larissa was completed with no clashes , detentions or arrests .
A bill has been set in front of Brazilian legislators that would make the importing , distribution , or production of " offensive " games illegal and punishable by a prison sentence .
Brazil has banned games before - Counter - Strike , EverQuest , and Bully , to name a few - but now a senator has introduced a bill that would impose a blanket ban on any game deemed " offensive . "
According to Brazilian news site UOL , Senator Valdir Raupp 's bill ( a translation of which can be read here ) has been approved by the Senate 's Education Commission , and will now be forwarded to the Committee on Constitution and Justice for a vote .
The bill seeks to " curb the manufacture , distribution , importation , distribution , trading and custody , storage , the video games that affect the customs , traditions of the people , their worship , creeds , religions and symbols , " with particular attention given to how games treat Christianity - or at least , that 's how this slightly - garbled translation reads :
" About Christianity , it is seen in some games someone beat angels while listening to a choir Catholic .
It is a common supergroup flapping by hell before the final battle , or even beat Jesus and his twelve apostles ,
although they have funny names . "
Clearly , Raupp has been playing entirely too much Xenosaga .
His bill would make any such " discrimination " a crime , and would carry a penalty of a prison sentence of one to three years .
We 'll cross our fingers for our Brazilian readers , because this world has enough iron - fisted censorship schemes - we do n't need any more .
( Via GamePolitics )
Inspired by the spiny lobster , computer scientist Janne Haverinen has created a way for robots to “ see ” thanks to magnetic anomalies .
In 2003 , Janne read about the lobster being moved 37 kilometers away from where it had been and the lobster was still able to find its way home .
The scientists who wrote the article concluded that the lobster was using magnetic anomalies to navigate .
Using a magnetometer on the front of a robot , Janne and his team from the University of Oulu in Finland are able to get a map of the magnetic landscape as shown in the photo .
The robot is then able to navigate without any vision or cameras .
Link via ( New Scientist )
A property needs a short sale when it is worth less then what is owed on the property .
Simply said , if a property is worth 200 k but the mortgage on it is 400 k there are only 2 ways for the homeowner to sell their house .
The first way is for the homeowner to bring 200 k to the table to sell the house for 200k , so that way they cover the difference in what is owed to the bank .
This is usually very unlikely because homeowners do n’t have that kind of money to lose .
This being so the …
AN UNEXPECTED benefit of the recession for those lucky enough to keep their jobs may be a less crowded journey to work .
So while the commute may be a bit more pleasant now , painful future fare increases are likely to compensate for lost revenue .
But commuters and other travellers already suffer great financial pain in some cities .
In Stockholm it costs $ 4.88 for a single journey of 10 km on public transport , the highest cost in a study of 73 cities by UBS , a Swiss bank .
London and Sydney are not far behind .
But in Delhi it costs a mere $ 0.16 to make a similar journey .
AFP
( I am cleaning up at an office supplies store when a customer walks to the automatic door , about to leave the store . )
Customer : * thrusts hand at door , palm out , as if he ’s using ‘ the Force ’ * “ Whoosh ! ”
( The door opens , and he looks back as he exits and sees me looking at him . )
Customer : “ Uh , I was just joking … ”
Me : “ But that door was n’t even on , sir ! ”
Customer : * astonished * “ Are you serious ? ”
Me : “ Nah , just kidding .
Have a nice day , sir ! ”
Who wants seconds of Ellery Hollingsworth airing it out at Stratton ?
After checking Ellery ’s first round of Gatorade snowboard video ads , we had to include this one with the smooth backside method in the halfpipe .
Ellery Hollingsworth Getting the Shot for Gatorade
In the days following the US Open of Snowboarding , Ellery Hollingsworth stuck around Stratton Mountain in Vermont to make the most of the event ’s pristine ( and empty ) pipe .
Having just taken her first podium at the Open , Ellery was in high spirits when she met up to shoot , hike and hang out with photographer Chris Owen on what turned out to be a beautiful , bluebird winter day – a perfect backdrop to work with .
Chris has been snowboarding for as long as Ellery has been alive , and has been a photographer for a lot longer .
Having received his first camera a very young age definitely made an impression on Chris and looking at the course of his life , it seems serendipitous that he is one of the most respected snowboard photographers today .
Get an inside look at a day in Chris ’ life and you ’ll understand why carrying 75 pounds worth of camera and lighting equipment up the deck of a halfpipe is his idea of a good time .
Making a career out of something you love to do is inspiring and Chris has done that and more by merging that career with another lifelong passion – snowboarding .
Since receiving that first camera and having his first photo published , to rediscovering photography years later and make a career out of a lifelong love , Chris Owen has seen most of his life through a lens , which in his mind is the best view there is .
Rupert Murdoch defended Glenn Beck 's accusation that the president was a racist in his long interview with Sky News Australia .
At the 18:04 , the interviewer says " Glenn Beck who you mentioned has called Barack Obama a racist , and he helped organize a protest against him and others on Fox have likened him ( Obama ) to Stalin is that ... "
Murdoch 's reponse :
" No , no , no , not Stalin , I do n't think , not one of our people .
" On the racist thing , that caused a ( unintelligible - - grilling ? ) .
But he ( Obama ) did make a very racist comment .
Ahhh ..about , you know , blacks and whites and so on , which he said in his campaign he would be completely above .
And um , that was something which perhaps should n't have been said about the President , but if you actually assess what he was talking about , he was right . "
The backstory : During a discussion about how Obama handled himself during the Henry Louis Gates arrest , Beck said in August " This president has exposed himself as a guy over and over and over again who has a deep - seated hatred for white people or the white culture . "
When someone points out all the white people in the administration , Beck says , " I 'm not saying he does n't like white people ... this guy is , I believe , a racist . "
RESULTS from a Galaxy poll suggest that 60 per cent of Queenslanders want the Government to take steps to limit the state 's southeast population growth explosion .
A similar proportion say forecasts of six million southeast Queenslanders by 2050 would be too many .
As the State Government prepares to beef up its population policy credentials , some mayors are protesting that growth is too far ahead of the transport system 's ability to cope , The Courier - Mail reports .
Allan Sutherland , the Mayor of the Moreton Bay region , which is expected to absorb an extra 84,000 new homes over the next 20 years , said infrastructure was needed to accommodate growth .
" You ca n't just keep jamming terracotta roofs all over the place and not improve your transport system , " he said .
The poll found that 59 per cent of those surveyed were in favour of the Government working to limit the region 's population growth .
Thirty - five per cent were opposed .
The result was even more emphatic among Labor supporters , with 65 per cent in favour of population limits .
The poll also found that 59 per cent of Queenslanders thought the forecast population of 6 million for southeast Queensland by the middle of the century was too much , with 33 per cent saying it was about right .
Concern over the region 's growth has rekindled debate on a population cap for southeast Queensland , despite Premier Anna Bligh and property industry groups dismissing the idea .
Population growth will be a key issue at today 's Council of Australian Government meeting and Ms Bligh yesterday announced the involvement of scientist Tim Flannery , demographer Bernard Salt and environmentalist Ian Lowe at next year 's South - East Queensland Growth Summit on March 30 and 31 .
Ms Bligh said southeast Queensland had more interstate migrants than any other state .
But she said she was yet to see " any sensible or legal way " to cap the population .
" As attractive as a population cap sounds , I think it 's misleading to imply to people that such a thing could be done , " she said .
The Wells family , who exchanged Yorkshire in the UK for Springfield Lakes , west of Brisbane , are part of the influx that has made southeast Queensland the fastest growing region in the country .
" We came here on holiday in 2002 and said we 'll be back - we just loved it , " Claire Wells said yesterday .
Mrs Wells said she and husband Shane had poured over pages on the internet devoted to Springfield Lakes and had liked what they 'd seen .
" We were even more impressed when we saw it in reality , " she said .
The prospect of further growth did n't bother Ms Wells so long as the needs of residents were met .
" There 's room for everybody and with growth comes new opportunities , " she said .
However , southeast Queensland head of the Sustainable Population Australia lobby group Simon Baltais said there must be a limit .
" Pro-growth lobbyists are ignoring the science . . . at the expense of the general community and the environment , " he said .
Kimbo Slice showed a modicum of actual wrestling and jiu jitsu technique to compliment his boxing base in a unanimous decision win over Houston Alexander .
Not the brawl anyone expected .
The world 's most famous street fighter made his Octagon debut against one - time UFC phenom Houston Alexander .
Kimbo
Slice rocketed to fame on the back of YouTube videos showing him winning multiple illegal underground prize fights .
His MMA career was off to a great start as he headlined the first ever U.S. network live MMA broadcast on CBS for EliteXC .
But it all came crashing down a year ago on the second CBS EliteXC show when Seth Petruzelli knocked him out in 0:14 .
Then he accepted the UFC's offer to participate in The Ultimate Fighter reality show where he brought the show its biggest season ever .
He also lost his only fight on the series to Roy Nelson in the highest rated episode in the show 's history .
Despite repeated teases for the remainder of the season , Kimbo declined an opportunity for a second fight on the show .
Tonight he had his third chance to make a legitimate professional MMA fighter out of himself .
Kimbo's opponent Houston Alexander had endured a similar boom and bust on a smaller scale .
Booming onto the MMA scene with quick and brutal knockouts over Keith Jardine and Alessio Sakara in 2007 , Alexander was heavily hyped by the UFC .
Then he fought Thiago Silva and was quickly finished on the ground .
Two more embarrassing losses , including a very quick KO loss to James Irwin derailed the initial Alexander hype train .
After picking up a win away from the UFC , Alexander got his biggest opportunity tonight .
The first minute of the most anticipated fight of the night was a dancing contest , not a fight .
UFC vet Houston Alexander circled away from Kimbo Slice and refused to engage the street fighter Kimbo Slice .
He finally began to throw leg kicks but to little initial effect .
Around the two minute mark they finally engaged with Kimbo landing a punch and Houston responding with knees .
The rest of the round saw a few more exchanges with Alexander continuing to target Kimbo 's legs with kicks .
The crowd began to boo .
Alexander came out circling again in the second and Slice was incapable of cutting off the cage trying to bait Kimbo into charging in .
He got what he wished for when Kimbo tagged him with a hard jab and then got a takedown followed by full mount from the street fighter .
Houston escaped but was soon grabbed again and slammed by Kimbo Slice ( ! ) and a second trip to the mounted position .
Then Kimbo took his back and worked for a rear naked choke .
Alexander escaped to end the round but definitely lost the round .
In the third round Kimbo quickly took center cage and went after Alexander .
Hsoutn finally started to throw punches and they traded ugly punches .
Kimbo baited Houston after eating a weak jab .
Then Alexander cut Kimbo to the ground with a leg kick .
That had Kimbo in trouble but he responded by taking down Alexander and working to pass his guard .
Houston gamely clung to 1/2 guard and tried to sweep Kimbo .
The ref Josh Rosenthal restarted the fight with slightly more than one minute remaining .
The fight ended with Alexander scoring with an elbow but he could n't finish Slice .
I 'll be looking for the UFC to book Kimbo Slice in a mega - fight against someone like Chuck Liddell in the not too distant future .
Apple iPhone Storms Korea
Apple iPhone finally arrived at technology hub Korea amidst helium - filled balloons , flashing strobe lights , a blaring rock band and long lines of people who were waiting for 26 hours .
Korea ’s second largest carrier KT Corp. will sell top of the line iPhone 3GS 32 GB at $ 317 ( about 370,000 Korean won ) or $ 38 ( about 45,000 Korean won ) per month two year plan .
The unit becomes free for a $ 112 a month plan .
This is already considered cheap .
More than 53,000 units have been pre-ordered .
The arrival of iPhone will shakeup the mobile industry currently controlled by Samsung and LG ( world ’s number 2 and 3 respectively after Nokia ) .
The two mobile companies share 400,000 smartphone users and 4.7 million regular handset users .
SK Telecom , the largest carrier on Korea , already dropped prices for Samsung Omnia to keep up with competition .
The sale of the phone in South Korea is seen on how the iPhone will do well in Asia after the dismal welcome it received in China where a unit is being sold at $ 1,172 .
‘ Tis the season for most Americans to think about the needy and less fortunate .
There are Salvation Army voluteers asking for your loose change .
You are sure to get phone , snail mail and email socilitations to help out all kinds of causes .
Siouxsie would ask you to consider helping the bat this year .
Siouxsie loves bats and can’t imagine a world without them .
Bats are dark , misunderstood , and creepy ( in a good and bad way ) .
Bats are the symbol for all things spooky .
Batman is the greatest superhero ( and with no bats , there would be no Batman ) .
Bats are great .
But bats are in trouble .
They face the gravest threat to them ever seen .
A deadly fungus is killing bats in the Northeast .
Researchers have named the disease that is causing the destruction “ white - nose syndrome . ”
The disease has spread throughout the Northeast and as far south as Virginia .
In some cases , the disease has killed 90 to 100 % of the bats in an infected area .
On Friday , Federal wildlife officials alerted states to brace for the disease to spread further west .
This is devastating news .
Not only to bats and bat lovers , but to all people .
Bats are the main predator of insects , and as such they play a vital role in controlling pest populations .
No one knows what the ecological consequences will be if white - nose syndrome continues to destroy large parts of bat populations .
If you want to help out , donate to the National Speleological Society ’s White Nose Syndrome ’s Rapid Response Fund .
If you are DIY inclined , build a bat house .
It wo n’t help the cave - dwelling bats , but it will help increase the bat population in your neighborhood .
Siouxsie is going to do her part too .
She plans to celebrate this holiday season by donning her gothic finery , breaking out her witch ’s cauldron and ringing the spookiest bell she can find to collect spare change for the bats .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Animals , Death
Tags : bats , conservation , extinction , Siouxsie Law , white nose syndrome , wildlife
The Yemen government has been fighting northern rebels since 2004
Rebels from Yemen have fought their way across the border into Saudi Arabia , where they are now holding out against the military .
The rebels have killed a Saudi officer and injured 11 others , the Saudi authorities confirmed on Wednesday .
The rebels said they had taken " full control " of a mountainous section of the border region of Jabal al - Dukhan .
The Yemen government has been waging a campaign against the Zaidi Shia rebels , also known as Houthis , since 2004 .
The Houthis have long accused Riyadh of supporting the Yemeni government in attacks against them .
In October there were clashes between Houthis and Saudi security forces near the border .
Yemen is one of the world 's poorest countries and analysts question the ability of the government to assert control over the country .
I assume this was from a comedy show of sorts .
I thought it was hilarious and had to share it .
Check out the sweet karate moves .
The Metaphysics Research Lab
Center for the Study of Language and Information
Cordura Hall 202
Stanford University
Stanford , CA 94305-4115
Welcome to the web pages of the Metaphysics Research Lab .
Whereas physics is the attempt to discover the laws that govern fundamental concrete objects , metaphysics is the attempt to discover the laws that systematize the fundamental abstract objects presupposed by physical science , such as mathematical objects and relations , possible states and events , types ( as opposed to tokens ) , possible and future objects , complex properties , etc .
Abstract objects are even needed to understand what may turn out to be scientific fictions ( e.g. , causality , models ) as well as clearcut cases of scientific fictions ( e.g. , absolute simultaneity , the aether , and phlogiston ) .
The goal of metaphysics , therefore , is to develop a formal ontology , i.e. , a formally precise systematization of these abstract objects .
Such a theory will be compatible with the world view of natural science if the abstract objects postulated by the theory are conceived as patterns of the natural world .
In our research lab , we have developed such a theory : the axiomatic theory of abstract objects and relations .
In many ways , this theory is like a machine for detecting abstract objects ( hence the name ‘ research lab ’ ) , for among the recursively enumerable theorems , there are statements which assert the existence of the abstract objects mentioned above .
Moreover , the properties of these abstracta can be formally derived as consequences of the axioms .
The theory systematizes ideas of philosophers such as Plato , Leibniz , Frege , Meinong , and Mally .
Our results are collated in the document Principia Metaphysica , which is authored by Edward N. Zalta ( Ph.D. / Philosophy ) , a Senior Research Scholar at CSLI .
An online version of Principia Metaphysica can be found by following the link to The Theory of Abstract Objects ( see below ) .
In published work , the theory has been applied to problems in the philosophy of language , intensional logic , the philosophy of mathematics , and the history of philosophy .
Welcome Message ( 272 K sound file ) ( .snd , .au , or .wav )
( Recorded December 1 , 1994 )
Computational Metaphysics Web Pages ( by Branden Fitelson , Paul E. Oppenheimer , and Edward N. Zalta )
Streaming Video Lecture : Towards Leibniz 's Goal of a Computational Metaphysics
by Edward N. Zalta ,
Munich Center for Mathematical Philosophy Workshop , June 11 , 2011
Slides For the Lecture ( in PDF )
Streaming Video : Possible Worlds , the Lewis Principle and the Myth of a Large Ontology
by Edward N. Zalta and Christopher Menzel
Munich Center for Mathematical Philosophy Workshop , June 4 , 2011
Slides For the Lecture ( in PDF )
Streaming Audio Lecture : A Logically Coherent Ante Rem Structuralism
by Edward N. Zalta and Uri Nodelman
Ontological Dependence Workshop , University of Bristol , February 2011
Slides for the talk .
( This talk was developed into a paper , retitled “ Foundations for Mathematical Structuralism , ” and in the journal Mind in 2014 .
Here is a preprint . )
Streaming Video Lecture : Steps Toward a Computational Metaphysics
by Edward N. Zalta and Branden Fitelson
Computing and Philosophy Conference , Oregon State University , August 8 , 2003
Slides For the Lecture ( in PDF )
Ernst Mally Plato and Meinong
Gottlob Frege Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz
Metaphysics Research Lab Personnel
The following list of personnel are actively working , or have recently collaborated , on the research and development pursued in the Metaphysics Research Lab .
Center for the Study of Language and Information
Tools and Procedures Used To Create This Web Site
Only 500 bottles of its latest beer have been produced , with half going on sale for £ 30 each and remainder offered for £ 250 with a share in the company also on offer .
Embattled Kansas City Chiefs running back Larry Johnson is 75 yards from becoming the team 's all - time leading rusher .
And some Chiefs fans have a problem with that .
An online petition started by Chiefs fans asks general manager Scott Pioli to deactivate Johnson and keep him on the sideline so he cannot pass Priest Holmes for the team rushing record , or join the team 's Ring of Honor at Arrowhead Stadium .
Holmes holds the Chiefs ' rushing record with 6,070 yards ; Johnson currently has 5,996 yards .
" While we are thankful for his service , we feel that Larry has been a black eye on the organization and has no business being mentioned " among the team 's all - time greats , the petition reads .
As of Wednesday afternoon ET , at least 1,400 signatures had been collected .
" We are asking you , as fans of this team , this organization , and of the pride that this city has in the Chiefs , please deactivate Larry Johnson .
Please do not let his name sit atop the all - time rushing leaders in Kansas City Chiefs history , " the petition says .
" He has never represented anything close to the values that we have for our Chiefs and it would be another dagger to the fans that continue to support this proud franchise .
" We are asking this as a favor to those of us who have supported this team long , long , long before you were brought in , " the petition continued .
" We will support you through thick and thin -- you will find out that we are a loyal , loyal bunch .
...
However , allowing Larry Johnson to attain a record is something that can never be erased . "
The Chiefs suspended Johnson without pay through Nov. 8 after he questioned coach Todd Haley 's qualifications on his Twitter account and twice used a homosexual slur .
On Monday , the team reached a settlement with Johnson , reducing the amount of pay he would lose in half , to $ 315,000 .
His agent , Peter Schaffer , told The Associated Press that both sides benefited from the settlement and that Johnson had learned from the entire experience .
" Larry apologized , " Schaffer said .
" He learned from it and hopefully other people learned from it .
My hope is that people learn that something positive can come out of this and that there are words that should not be used because they demean people . "
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
The web is believed to have become trapped in amber during a forest fire Spider webs encased in amber which were discovered on an East Sussex beach have been confirmed by scientists as being the world 's oldest on record .
The amber , which was found in Bexhill by fossil hunter Jamie Hiscocks and his brother Jonathan , dates back 140 million years to the Cretaceous period .
Professor Martin Brasier said they were the earliest webs to be incorporated into the fossil record .
He has published his findings in the Journal of the Geological Society .
Professor Brasier , who is a palaeobiologist at the University of Oxford , said : " This amber is very rare .
It comes from the very base of the Cretaceous , which makes it one of the oldest ambers anywhere to have inclusions in it . "
' Sticky droplets '
He added : " These spiders are distinctive and leave little sticky droplets along the spider web threads to trap prey .
" We actually have the sticky droplets preserved within the amber .
These turn out to be the earliest webs that have ever been incorporated in the fossil record to our knowledge . "
His studies revealed that the spider that spun the web is related to the modern day orb - web or garden spider .
Scientists think the web became trapped in conifer resin after a forest fire and then became fossilised inside the resulting amber .
Mr Hiscocks and his brother also found the fossilised remains of an Iguanodon jaw bone on the coastline .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A doctor charged with assault for allegedly slamming on his car brakes in front of two cyclists in Brentwood testified Wednesday that he never intended to hurt anyone but stopped his vehicle to photograph riders who were cycling dangerously .
Christopher Thompson , a veteran emergency room physician , said a group of cyclists flipped him off and yelled profanities when he overtook them last year as they rode three abreast down Mandeville Canyon Road , a narrow residential street that is popular with bike riders .
Thompson , 60 , said he objected to cyclists blocking traffic by riding in tandem or running stop signs along Mandeville , where he has lived for more than two decades .
He said many neighbors were concerned about the problems but had struggled to identify the scofflaws .
His voice shaking at one point , Thompson said he had never forgotten learning when he was 14 that a close friend had been run over and killed while riding a bicycle .
He testified that he felt uncomfortable driving behind cyclists and would never try to injure one .
Advertisement
“ I wake up every night . . . with this accident in my head , ” he told jurors , near tears .
“ I lived my life trying to help people and I injured people .
And I ’ll never get over that . ”
Thompson ’s testimony marked the first time he has spoken publicly about his actions in the moments before the July 4 , 2008 , crash .
The incident outraged cyclists and highlighted tensions between bike riders and residents along the road .
One of the cyclists was propelled through the rear windshield of the doctor ’s luxury car , breaking his front teeth and nose and leaving his face scarred .
The second cyclist was thrown to the ground and suffered a separated shoulder .
Thompson is charged with mayhem , reckless driving , assault with a deadly weapon -- his car -- and other charges that together carry a possible prison sentence .
Advertisement
Prosecutors allege that the emergency room doctor acted deliberately and has a history of dangerous run-ins with cyclists on the same road .
Thompson denied threatening cyclists and said he never slammed on his brakes during the July 2008 incident .
He said he stopped to take a photograph for members of his homeowners association in the hopes they could contact cyclist groups to warn about riding dangerously .
“ We ’ve been dealing with this ongoing problem for years and it ’s impossible to do anything without being able to identify anyone , ” he told the court .
Advertisement
Immediately after the crash , Thompson said , one of the cyclists rejected his help but he nevertheless watched to assess the condition of the injured riders .
But Deputy Dist .
Atty .
Mary Stone questioned Thompson ’s account , noting that a police officer testified that the doctor said soon after the crash that he had slammed on his brakes in front of the cyclists “ to teach them a lesson . ”
Thompson denied making the remark .
Stone played a 911 call in which Thompson told an operator that the cyclists had yelled a profanity at him .
Advertisement
“ I slammed on my brakes , ” he told the operator .
“ They went into me .
There are two injuries . ”
Also on the call , Thompson could be heard telling someone , “ Get your bike out of the road . ”
When the operator asked whether the injuries were serious , Thompson replied : “ Not really .
But they ’ll tell you that . ”
Thompson testified that he was not trying to downplay the injuries but was explaining as a doctor that they were not life - threatening .
Advertisement
--
jack.leonard@latimes.com
On the upside once you get a paw paw successfully planted it 's low maintenance .
If you 're buying on nutrition they 're really high in vitamin C , riboflavin , niacin , and magnesium .
Apparently paw paw stems and leaves are great natural pesticides .
And they 're easier than many fruits to grow organically .
There 's also a town named Paw Paw right here in Michigan .
In fact , Paw Paw is where Malinda Russell , author of the first African - American cookbook published in America , lived .
If you 're really ready to get serious on the not particularly well traveled paw paw path , note that Kentucky State University has the only full time paw paw program in the country .
Paw paws do have a pretty profound history .
Native to North America , the first recorded notes on them are from the 1541 expedition of Hernando de Soto .
Lewis and Clark ate a lot of them .
Meriwether Lewis wrote in his diary from September 15 , 1806 : " We landed one time only to let the men gather paw paws or the custard apple of which this country abounds , and the men are very fond of . "
While George Washington is famous for chopping down the cherry tree , I 'm not sure how he felt about eating cherries .
By contrast it 's well recorded that the paw paw was his favorite dessert !
Thomas Jefferson -- culinary leader that he was -- had them grown at Monticello .
I 'm not sure if this is good or bad , but they 're also featured in " Jungle Book . "
They 're in the " Bare Necessities " song , where Baloo the Bear compares them to a prickly pear : " ... you do n't need to use a claw when you pick a pair of big paw paws . "
To give you a better sense of the visuals , paw paw trees grow from about 10 to 20 feet in height .
They have long dark green , sort of droopy - eared leaves .
In fact they 're the largest edible fruit that grows in North America ; the biggest paw paw ever recorded was 18 inches across .
They look a bit like a mango , I guess , but in pear green - colored flesh .
The fruits are ripe when their skin gets a bit darker and the perfume is more pronounced .
If you get some that are n't ready to eat , just let them lie ( or put 'em in a paper bag ) for a bit to ripen up .
When they are ripe , you take the skins off and mash up the pulp .
Like avocados the pulp will brown up pretty quickly , so keep refrigerated and away from air .
One challenge is that you have to get the seeds out -- they look a bit like lima beans and you do n't eat them .
Fortunately they 're big enough that getting them out is n't horribly onerous , just a significant pain in the ... paw paw .
You can make the puree into custard , pastry cream , paw paw pie , or gelato .
I have to say that I 'm happy we have the gelato , because it makes it really easy to eat this somewhat challenging fruit in our speed - focused modern world .
Aside from all that , which is already pretty intriguing , the interesting thing about paw paws is that I can't quite put my finger ( or maybe , my paw ? ) on exactly how to describe the flavor .
I 've been thinking that the paw paw could possibly be the North American equivalent of passion fruit .
Turns out that I was n't all that wrong -- they 're a distant relative of the tropical Cherimoya .
Slightly citrusy , kind of custardy when ripe .
The flavor 's not strong .
But it is rather smoothly persuasive , never pervasive or intrusive .
Got maybe a hint of lime , a little vanilla , a papaya , maybe a touch of the taste of ripe pear .
The main thing here of course is that the paw paw gelato is pretty special .
Light but luscious , if you can cope with not having chocolate , it 's really something special both in its history and its flavor .
A pedicab operator and a taxi driver got into a brawl in the middle of traffic on Broadway near Times Square Monday morning .
A Fox 5
News crew happened to be there and captured the fight on camera .
Veteran Fox 5 photojournalist Al Daughtry was shooting video for a story Reid Lamberty was reporting about the price of taxi cab medallions .
It is n’t clear what sparked the fight , but the pedicab operator threw a cup of coffee at the cab .
The driver of the taxi cab pulled his car into the path of the bike , running into it .
The cab driver came out and the two men threw down right in the middle of the intersection of Broadway and 53rd Street .
To read the rest of this story , go to MyFoxNY.com .
I 'm afraid I 'm not an expert ( or even a beginner ) regarding raising chickens at home , but I hope a few of our readers are .
I know it is a popular thing to do , and not too difficult .
There seem to be a lot of good web sites on the subject , and perhaps I can quote from a couple , to start the discussion .
Why raise chickens ?
Backyard chickens suggests this list of benefits :
Easy and inexpensive to maintain ( when compared to most other pets )
Eggs that are fresh , great - tasting & nutritious
Chemical - free bug and weed control
Manufacture the worlds best fertilizer
Fun & friendly pets with personality ( yes , you read that right )
There seem to be many sources of information about how to raise chickens available , from books to websites to friends with experience .
One short list of tips I ran across is this one by Keeping Chickens at blogspot :
1. Keep chicken coop clean with fresh water , food and remove droppings .
2 . Give chickens enough space to scratch and peck and perch .
No cages !
3 . Always check on the chickens daily to observe their behavior in case of sickness ( and for fun ! ) .
4 . Collect eggs daily .
5 . Obey the guidelines and regulations of your particular city .
Check with your local city hall first to determine if you can legally raise chickens and what the restrictions are .
6 . Never chase chickens and approach coop area calmly .
7 . Quarantine sick chickens immediately .
8 . Diversify their diet of regular feed with fresh table scraps , bread , fresh veggies ( especially green veg ) and the occasional treat of corn .
Mixing in some ground oyster shell with the feed will add calcium , which makes their shells stronger .
9 . Keep them safe from predators and offer them some cover from above ( They do n't like hawks ) .
They will need a nice dark box for laying , perches for sleeping and a run for scratching .
10 .
Chickens “ clean ” themselves by taking dust baths , but the odd dusting of mite powder does no harm .
By rolling around in the dirt , they ’re ridding themselves of mites .
So give them access to a patch of dry , loose soil .
Raising chickens without modern conveniences
As I look through some of the sites , it strikes me that the directions provided are pretty much for how to raise chickens in a BAU world .
They talk about keeping babies warm with a light bulb , and buying 50 pound bags of chicken food , with different kinds of food for different ages of chickens .
They talk about waterers to purchase , and various other equipment .
The question I have is what one can do to make the process more sustainable .
What do people who do not have all of the modern conveniences do to raise chickens ?
I have heard they are quite common in Africa , for example .
Do they all use metal fences ?
What did people do 200 years ago in the US or Europe to raise chickens ?
Chicken on oil pipeline in Ecuador ( photo from my trip in June ) .
Where do chickens grow wild ?
I know I have seen them in Hawaii .
Ones that escaped from captivity were able to get along without farmers ' support .
How do wild chickens escape predators ?
Where do they lay their eggs ?
This may give us some ideas for how to imitate what works in the natural world .
One of the issues in raising chickens ( or anything else ) is energy balance .
I have not researched energy balance for chickens raised at home versus commercial chickens , but my guess is that the home raised chickens use more energy , rather than less .
Does anyone have figures on this ?
It would seem like the closer one can make the process to imitating what nature does , the better the energy balance will be .
Some other questions
How much regular attention do chickens need ?
If a person goes away on a week 's vacation , what does one do ?
Find a neighbor who also raises chickens , and trade services ?
I do n't think dropping them off with the vet ( like people do for cats and dogs ) would work .
What are good books about raising chickens ?
Good web sites ?
What kinds of chickens do you prefer to raise ?
What is a good number to start with ?
What tips do you have for beginners starting out ?
In a 1936 Letter to C.L. Moore , one of America 's first female Science Fiction writers , H.P. Lovecraft described his loathing for Republicans .
While times have changed , it appears that criticisms of Republicans have n't changed much .
No matter what your political leanings , Lovecraft 's particularly enthusiastic insults read like one of his works of Cosmic Horror , making this a must - own for serious Lovecraft fans .
This shirt is printed on a 100 % cotton shirt .
Accompanied by a youthful and pimpin ' image of Howard Phillips Lovecraft , the text on this shirt reads : " As for the Republicans , how can one regard seriously a frightened , greedy , nostalgic huddle of tradesmen and lucky idlers who shut their eyes to history and science , steel their emotions against decent human sympathy , cling to sordid and provincial ideals exalting sheer acquisitiveness and condoning artificial hardship for the non-materially - shrewd , dwell smugly and sentimentally in a distorted dream - cosmos of outmoded phrases and principles ...
Intellectually , the Republican idea deserves the tolerance and respect one gives to the dead . "
Want to read the rest of the letter ?
Find it in S.T. Joshi's biography " H.P. Lovecraft : A Life . "
Mr. Rangel also has a reservoir of good will among his colleagues that is helping him fend off the Republicans .
Image Representative Charles B. Rangel , chairman of the Ways and Means Committee , talked to reporters about health care legislation .
Credit ... Stephen Crowley / The New York Times
“ I have not heard anyone in the caucus against him , ” said Representative Elijah E. Cummings , Democrat of Maryland .
“ Mr. Rangel is a legend , and I think that people believe that the ethics folks will do their job , and all of us are hoping for the best . ”
But Republicans are not making it easy for Democrats .
Representative John Carter , Republican of Texas and a former judge , said he intended to force a vote next week on a resolution requiring Mr. Rangel to step aside from the helm of the Ways and Means Committee at least until the internal investigation is finished .
A similar effort by Mr. Carter was tabled on a party line vote in February , and the same result is expected this time .
But Mr. Carter said new revelations in August that Mr. Rangel had not disclosed an additional $ 500,000 or more in assets required some action on the part of the House , particularly after multiple tax and financial lapses were uncovered in 2008 .
“ It all boils down to this , the public perceives  and rightfully so  that Mr. Rangel ’s indiscretions are being overlooked , and they know that theirs would not have been , ” said Mr. Carter , who said he hoped the resolution would prompt the ethics committee to finish an investigation that many think was taking too long .
Representative John A. Boehner of Ohio , the Republican leader , also urged action if Mr. Rangel refused to step aside voluntarily .
“ It ’s improper for Chairman Rangel to remain in his position with all of the influence that he has while the serious allegations remain hanging , ” Mr. Boehner said .
Democrats accuse Republicans of trying to score political points .
“ This is nothing more than a partisan stunt to distract from the G.O.P. ’s lack of ideas to improve America ’s health care system and help our economy recover , ” Elbert Garcia , a spokesman for Mr. Rangel , said in a statement .
Bhopal is a calamity without end .
On 3 December 1984 , clouds of poison leaking from a Union Carbide pesticides plant brought death to thousands in this central Indian city .
Today , fully a quarter of a century later , victims of this , the world 's worst industrial disaster , are still being born .
Here , in neighbourhoods where people depend on water contaminated by chemicals leaking from the abandoned factory and to mothers exposed to the toxic gas as children , brain damaged and malformed babies are 10 times more common than the national average .
Doctors at Bhopal 's Sambhavna Clinic say that as many as one in 25 babies are still born with defects and developmental problems such as a smaller head , webbed feet and low birth weight .
Those who were mere children when the fumes overcame this city of a million are suffering , too .
Painful skin lesions , stomach problems and raw , itchy eyes are common complaints among thousands of families , some of whom moved to Bhopal only in recent years .
And the clinic says that Bhopal now has some of India 's highest rates of gall bladder and oesophageal cancers , TB , anaemia and thyroid abnormalities .
Young girls start menstruating much later than normal and experience painful gynaecological problems , which often lead to hysterectomies at a young age .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
These problems , say campaigners such as the Bhopal Medical Appeal ( BMA ) , are linked to the continuing pollution of parts of the local water supply by chemicals such as chloroform and carbon tetrachloride .
Families have no choice but to use ground water for washing , cooking and drinking when safe sources run dry , according to new research that will be published by the BMA on Tuesday .
The study found higher levels of several carcinogenic chemicals in water sources this year compared with last year – strongly suggesting that future generations will be poisoned unless the area is decontaminated .
This flies in the face of recent claims by state and national ministers that the site is clean .
Meanwhile , the legal fight for the chief executive of Union Carbide to be tried for his company 's alleged negligence is no nearer success than it was 25 years ago .
Amnesty International will this week call on the Indian government and Dow Chemicals , which bought Union Carbide in 2001 , to take " urgent and decisive action " to ensure that the accused appear in court – more than 20 years after arrest warrants were first issued .
Dow continues to deny any responsibility for the criminal case .
It was in the early hours of 3 December 1984 that 27 tonnes of methyl isocyanate gas – 500 times more toxic than cyanide and used to manufacture the pesticide Sevin – began to leak from the Union Carbide plant into the surrounding areas .
Hundreds of thousands were injured by the gas as they slept .
Men , women and children living in the shanty settlements just over the factory fence woke up , gasping for breath and blinded by the gas as it rapidly dispersed .
Around 8,000 people are now believed to have died within the first 72 hours .
Hundreds died in their beds ; thousands more staggered from their homes to die in the street .
Another 15,000 are estimated to have died as a result of the gas exposure since then , often from painful and horrific damage to their lungs , heart , brain and other organs , according to Amnesty International .
An estimated three - quarters of the area 's pregnant women spontaneously aborted their babies within hours or days after " that night " .
Hundreds more babies have since been born with deformities such as missing limbs , abnormal organs , misshapen heads and tumours .
None of the plant 's six safety systems was operational that night .
Even today , Amnesty International estimates that 120,000 people exposed to the gas have chronic medical conditions .
While the factory was closed down in 1985 , another 30,000 people have become sick from water contaminated by the chemical waste buried underground or dumped in nearby ponds , according to health workers in Bhopal .
Children and livestock are still spotted playing and grazing on the grass that hides the waste because the local government has failed to secure the site properly .
Hazira Bee , 53 , lives in J P Nagar , one of the worst affected areas to the north of the city .
On the night of the disaster , after awakening to the smell of burning chilli , she and her husband ran with their children , their eyes and lungs stinging with the gas .
In the panic , her middle son , Mansoor Ali , aged four , was left behind .
He has spent the majority of his life in and out of hospital , severely weakened by chronic lung damage .
His daughter , now aged three and a half , was unable to hold her head up or turn on her side until she was 18 months old ; she has just started to walk .
All Hazira 's family have suffered from respiratory , neurological and skin conditions since the leak .
Hazira said : " The scene inside the factory was terrible .
I saw dead bodies and injured people with foam coming out of their mouths .
Since the gas leak we have all been sick .
Because of this , my children could n't study and now they can't get good jobs .
Today I am the only breadwinner of the family .
If this disaster would have taken place in America , the US government would have taken good care of their citizens .
We want UC to take their waste back to America . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The BMA water analysis report supports previous studies by Greenpeace which established that the areas north of the disused factory are worst affected because the ground water runs in that direction .
The Sambhavna Clinic – set up 13 years ago with private donations – sees 150 people like Hazira and her family every day .
There are 23,000 people who were either exposed to the gas or who have since used contaminated water supplies registered with chronic conditions such as liver disease , paralysis and severe anaemia .
Doctors report new patients – adults and children – at the clinic every day .
According to Satinath Sarangi , a founder of the Sambhavna Clinic , tuberculosis is rife among people whose immune systems have been worn down by chronic exposure to poisonous water .
Cancer clusters and children born with deformities are another distinction of the area , found by the clinic 's researchers who are conducting a door - to - door survey of tens of thousands of local people .
Earlier this year , the Indian Council of Medical Research finally bowed to public and international pressure by restarting a government - funded research programme to understand the alarming rates of still births , cancers , neurological and gynaecological problems seen by Bhopal 's doctors .
Charities and pressure groups had been left to study the long - term health problems of Union Carbide 's victims after ICMR controversially abandoned its research programme in 1994 .
The $ 470 m out - of - court settlement made by Union Carbide in 1989 is regarded as grossly inadequate by the city 's health professionals and survivor organisations .
It was based on early estimates of only 3,800 deaths and 102,000 injured , and the maximum amount any victim received was $ 1,000 – about 11 cents a day over 25 years .
Had compensation been the same as for those exposed to asbestos under US court rulings against defendants that also included Union Carbide , the liability would have exceeded $ 10bn .
The Dow Chemical Company insists that it has no responsibility for toxic legacy .
Yet internal correspondence , seen by The IoS and Amnesty , between different Indian ministries ( including the Prime Minister 's Office ) shows that the company continues to lobby Indian ministers in an attempt to close down the ongoing civil cases .
These could require
Dow to decontaminate thousands of tonnes of polluted soil .
Colin Toogood , of the BMA , said : " We want to see a full clean - up of the disaster site and surrounding area , including the ground water aquifer – a huge undertaking , but reasonable considering this was the world 's worst industrial disaster .
The $ 470 m compensation payout only ever pertained to people affected by exposure to the gas on that night .
It does not , and never did , cover children born with terrible defects as a result of their parent 's exposure ; people being affected by the environmental or water contamination ; and it does not cover the environmental contamination itself . "
Tom Sprick from Union Carbide , said : " Neither Union Carbide nor its officials are subject to the jurisdiction of the Indian court since they did not have any involvement in the operation of the plant ...
The government of India needs to address any ongoing medical and health concerns of the Bhopal people . "
But according to Tim Edwards , a trustee of the BMA and author of the forthcoming Amnesty report , this conveys contempt for the process of law .
He said : " In every form of civilised society it is the judicial system that decides whether an accused has a case to answer .
India 's courts have decided that Union Carbide and its new owner , Dow , do – but the company sticks two fingers up . "
Scot Wheeler , from Dow , responded : " Attempts to attach any liability to Dow are misplaced ... like all global companies , it is common for Dow leaders to meet with government leaders and officials wherever we do business and have plans to grow .
It is also common for companies to discuss challenges and opportunities related to investment . "
Sponsored Link
This note is from Pidgin Developer
Recently I 've been frustrated by the fact that we have a number of tickets open on Pidgin 's Trac that deal with inadequacies in the preferences window .
The biggest complaint is that in a number of configurations , the preferences window is too tall to fit on a screen .
This has only recently become a problem with the advent of the so - called " netbook " with their nearly microscopic screens .
Pidgin 2.6.4 New Preferences menu screenshots
Source from here
Sponsored Link
Related posts
This just in , humans devolving by Valerie Merians
Famed primatologist Frans de Waal new book , The Age of Empathy : Nature ’s Lessons for a Kinder Society is just out , and in it he breaks the news that we humans are not alone in feeling empathy for our fellows .
But when asked by the Washington Post ‘s blog “ Short Stack ” to apply his findings to the political arena , his guest post begins with a hard question :
“ Are Americans lacking in empathy ?
You would almost think so hearing Rush Limbaugh mock Michael J. Fox ‘s Parkinson ’s symptoms , or Missouri Rep. Cynthia Davis opposing school lunches , saying that ‘ hunger can be a positive motivator . ' ”
De Waal states that , “ Empathy is an ancient capacity found in all mammals , ranging from dogs to apes . ”
Yet in discussing human empathy he says , ” At the intersection of private interests and the greater good , however , things change radically .
One group of people maintains its empathy for others , whereas another actively suppresses it .
These groups are known as tender - hearted liberals and hard - nosed conservatives . ”
As for the Conservatives , De Waal says they “ offer elaborate rationalizations why the misery of others is none of our business , including that this is how nature works .
Thus , a group with little or no affection for real Darwinism tells us that since nature is based on survival of the fittest , society ought to be as well . ”
But from his experience as a scientist , he disagrees , “ Natural selection has produced highly social and cooperative animals , which rely on each other for survival .
On its own , a wolf cannot bring down large prey … .
Why accept the assumption of cut - throat nature when there is so much proof to the contrary ? ”
In the end he makes a plea for the wisdom of the ages , “ Instead of killing this laudable tendency toward empathy with arguments based on a faulty understanding of the natural world , I just hope we will give it room to be expressed .
In the end , everyone will be better off if we join forces the way our ancestors and their ancestors have done for millions of years . ”
Doing things the old - fashioned way , the way they ’ve been done for millions of years — now that ’s conservative !
Above is Jon Stewart 's version of watching Sean Hannity .
Yes , I 've tried to as well .
It 's like listening to Hugh Hewitt .
Or reading Pravda in the old Soviet Union .
But somehow watching a human being so brainwashed and engaging in conscious brain - washing makes it worse .
Hannity is a pathological level of propagandist , because his entire reality , his entire mindset is programmed for ideology and partisanship .
There is no world for him but politics ; and no perspective within politics except conflict and warfare .
He greets views that do not comport with the opportunistic ideology of the moment as threats to be extinguished , not ideas to be engaged .
Whatever else this toxic , shallow and brutal perspective is , it is not now and never will be conservative - unless that word has now been so corrupted it has no meaning at all .
Here I am at a conference on two of the greatest conservative minds of the last century : Leo Strauss and Michael Oakeshott .
Perhaps Strauss would have regarded this poisonous propaganda as a necessary evil to keep the demos in check ( perhaps that 's how cynics like Kristol can support and enable this sophomoric , near - fascist crap ) .
Oakeshott would have never stopped throwing up , if , of course , he would even have stooped to watching .
Three hours after the " Danish text " had been leaked to the Guardian , Lumumba Di-Aping , the Sudanese chairman of the group of 132 developing countries known as G77 plus China , spelt out exactly why the poor countries he represents were so incensed .
" The text robs developing countries of their just and equitable and fair share of the atmospheric space .
It tries to treat rich and poor countries as equal , " said the diplomat .
The text is a draft proposal for the final political agreement that should be signed by national leaders including Barack Obama and Gordon Brown at the end of the Copenhagen summit on 18 December .
It was prepared in secret by a group of individuals known as " the circle of commitment " but understood to include the US and Denmark .
Five hours later , the UN 's top climate diplomat had responded .
Yvo de Boer said : " This was an informal paper ahead of the conference given to a number of people for the purposes of consultations .
The only formal texts in the UN process are the ones tabled by the chairs of this Copenhagen conference at the behest of the parties [ involved ] . "
But the representatives of developing nations felt betrayed by the intent of the proposals in the draft .
" This text destroys both the UN convention on climate change and the Kyoto protocol .
This is aimed at producing a new treaty , a new legal initiative that throws away the basis of [ differing ] obligations between the poorest and most wealthy nations in the world , " said Di-Aping .
The existing treaty is the only global agreement that legally obliges rich countries to reduce their emissions .
Di-Aping is one of the most outspoken of developing country leaders , at once charming and radical .
What the west had failed to grasp , he said , was the very deep hurt that had been growing steadily since the climate negotiations were effectively taken over by heads of state and were conducted outside the UN , the only forum in which poor countries feel they are equally represented .
The text is now likely to be withdrawn because of its reception by China , India and many other developing countries .
It suggests that rich countries are desperate for world leaders to have a text to work from when they arrive next week .
Few numbers are included in the text , because these would be filled in later after negotiation by world leaders .
However , it does seek to hold global temperature rises to 2C , the safe limit according to scientists , and it mentions the sum of $ 10 bn a year in aid to help poor countries cope with climate change , starting in 2012 .
Last night the G77 reaction was seen by some developed world analysts as an exaggerated but fundamentally correct response to the way that the US , the UK and other rich countries have sought to negotiate .
Development NGOs were particularly scathing in their criticism .
Antonio Hill , climate policy adviser for Oxfam International , said : " This is only a draft , but it highlights the risk that when the big countries come together , the small ones get hurt . "
Hill added : " It proposes a green fund to be run by a board , but the big risk is that it will run by the World Bank and the Global Environment Facility [ a partnership of 10 agencies including the World Bank and the UN Environment Programme ] and not the UN .
" That would be a step backwards , and it tries to put constraints on [ emissions in ] developing countries when none were negotiated in earlier UN climate talks . "
A spokesman for Cafod , a development charity with close links to some of the poorest countries in the world , said : " This draft document reveals the backstage machinations of a biased host who , instead of acting as nonpartisan broker , is taking sides with the developed countries .
" The document should not even exist .
There is a UN legal process which is the official negotiating text .
The Danish text disrespects the solid , steady approach of the UN process . "
Over the next days several new texts will emerge and out of them a likely contender to be carried by consensus of all the countries .
Di-Aping said that the G77 remained committed to the talks .
" We will not walk out of the talks at this late hour , because we will not allow the failure of Copenhagen .
But we will not sign an inequitable deal ; we will not accept a deal that condemns 80 % of the world population to further suffering and injustice . "
Later this week , the rich countries can expect fresh assaults from the Africa group of countries , the least developed countries group , and the association of small island states .
Each is liable to upset the best laid plans of developed world leaders who those groups say appear to place the need to reach an agreement above fully engaging with the poorest countries .
" We call ordinary people to put the utmost pressure on politicians to come to their senses , " said Di-Aping .
Faith is important because it helps us cope with the struggles and hardships of life
Faith is important because it makes the world a better place , by encouraging love and moral behavior
Faith is not important
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - U.S. researchers have found a way to coax human embryonic stem cells to turn into the types of cells that make eggs and sperm , shedding light on a stage of early human development that has not been fully understood .
A doctor at the Alma Res fertility clinic in Rome works prepares eggs and sperm for an attempt at artificial insemination in this file photo from June 7 , 2005 .
REUTERS / Alessandro Bianchi
The findings could lead to new understanding of inherited diseases and transform treatments for infertility , they said .
“ We are really trying to look at the origins of normal and abnormal human development by going to the source , ” said Dr. Renee Riejo Pera of Stanford University in California , whose study appears in the journal Nature .
“ For years and years , we have n’t had the ability to look at how germ cells -- the cells that give rise to eggs and sperm -- how they are made -- what genes are required , what pathways are active , ” Pera said in a telephone interview .
This part of the human reproductive cycle cannot be studied in animals because the genes involved are unique to humans .
“ Germ cells in humans normally develop between day 12 after fertilization through the first trimester .
That is a place we ca n’t look .
We ca n’t see because obviously it is in utero , ” Pera said .
She said the findings will finally allow researchers to begin to study the earliest stages of human development , and gather new clues about inherited diseases and infertility .
“ The potential is enormous , ” Darren Griffin , a professor of Genetics at the Britain ’s University of Kent , said in a statement .
He said the work could make it possible to study a range of genetic and environmental effects on fertility , including pollution .
GREEN LIGHT
Dr. Kehkooi Kee , a researcher in Pera ’s lab , devised a way to isolate the germ cells from embryonic stem cells by adding a gene that makes green glowing proteins when germ cells are active .
“ A green light comes on when a germ cell has been formed .
It raises its hand , ” Pera said .
Once they were convinced they had germ cells , they began turning on and off several genes -- called DAZ , DAZL and BOULE -- they believed were important in converting stem cells to immature germ cells .
One of these genes , DAZL , was key to transforming embryonic stem cells into germ cells .
When turned off , half as many germ cells formed .
The other two genes , DAZ and BOULE , played a role in getting cells to cut the number of chromosomes in half , a process called meiosis that must take place before fertilization .
Some of the sperm cells went all the way through meiosis .
“ It means we really did hit the nail on the head .
We got where we wanted to go if we see meiosis in the dish , ” Pera said .
She said these cells formed a round spermatid , an immature sperm cell that contains just one copy of the chromosomes that would be suitable for use in an in vitro fertilization clinic .
Producing too few germ cells or poor quality germ cells is a major cause of infertility in humans .
“ We think if there ’s immature germ cells that are available in a person , we might be able to use this system to mature them and push them forward into development , ” she said .
Pera hopes to try the same approach with so - called induced pluripotent stem cells , which are adult cells that have been reprogrammed to behave like embryonic stem cells .
The idea is to take cells from people with infertility problems , produce germ cells and study them to see what caused the infertility .
The study was funded in part by the National Institutes of Health .
who wants to build a warp drive anyway ?
The biggest problem with creating a warp drive is coming up with the energy to power one , even for a moment .
Usually , when I post about a scientific paper , the focus is on its methodology and interpreting its conclusions into real world applications .
This time , we ’re going to do something a little different and use an oft cited paper on the plausibility of warp drive propulsion to build a theoretical model of our own .
You see , when physicists Richard Obousy and Gerald Cleaver put together the energy requirements for a warp drive , they noted that a sufficiently advanced civilization could one day build it .
And we ’re going to use those requirements to find out whether a civilization like that could conceivably exist and what would happen to their solar system if they ever tried to create a device that warps space and time by locally boosting the ongoing expansion of the universe .
So how much energy does it take to get a warp drive revving ?
A jaw dropping 1042 J / m3 which is like taking a planet a bit more massive than Saturn , crushing it into a cube about the size of a nightstand and turning all of that into raw , pure energy .
Do that , say Obousy and Cleaver , and you effectively start changing the value of the cosmological constant , the Λ in Einstein ’s general relativity equations .
Each time you do that , you ’ll get a cubic meter of warped space - time which will propel your ship forward at the speed of light .
This is the kind of energy output that our hypothetical alien race interested in superluminal travel would have to meet to get then within a whisker of their goal .
We ’ll have to assume that they ’re tens of thousands of years ahead of us in science and technology , and have an industrial capacity we could only dream of for the foreseeable future .
Otherwise , any chance of them building any kind of warp device would be nil .
For the sake of argument , let ’s get our aliens started with a more or less conventional approach .
To pinch the fabric of space and time , they ’re going to have to build an enormous bomb that will essentially implode into a cubic meter of warped space - time .
Why a bomb ?
Because this energy would have to be delivered in a burst , or it will simply dissipate .
Even though it sounds like a lot , the energy requirement we ’re dealing with is n’t that much on a cosmic scales .
Supernova explosions give off far more energy which simply spreads through their galaxy in a bubble measuring light years across .
We want to take all those Joules and focus them on the area of space - time we want to manipulate .
So how big would the bomb have to be when we use a technology that both we and our advanced aliens would know very well ?
One of the most powerful explosive designs we ’ve created was the Tsar Bomba which was initially built with a stunning 100 megaton yield that was later reduced due to concerns over widespread fallout .
But let ’s say that our aliens build an explosive sphere of staged thermonuclear devices with the full intended yield and with the same size and density .
If we run through a quick blizzard of math , we ’ll come up with a device that should be the stuff of nightmares for just about any intelligent species .
It would be 7.5 billion km across and tip whatever monster scales you ’d use to measure it at 50 quintillion metric tons .
In other words , it would be roughly as big as a solar system and have a mass comparable to Mars .
Clearly that ’s not a very practical project since even at a rate of a million bombs a year , the giant device would take some 2.3 quintillion years to complete and the result would n’t be a reusable method of propulsion for a fleet of spacraft .
Oh and by the way , those quintillions of years are longer than the lifetime of our current phase of the universe .
The very last star would ’ve died eons before the bomb is built and ready to go .
Clearly , we ’re not off to a good start here .
Luckily for us and our hypothetical aliens , Obousy and Cleaver provide an alternative in the form of 1028 kg of antimatter which could be used to generate more than enough power for a warp bubble accommodating one spacecraft with a volume of a cubic kilometer .
Unfortunately that ’s not a great alternative either .
If we take half of that antimatter and come up with a chunk of matter just as huge , then collide them , we ’ve effectively made a doomsday machine that would wipe out our hypothetical alien species .
When matter and antimatter collide in an explosive reaction , they emit a flood of gamma rays .
The ionizing radiation from the equivalent of blowing up Jupiter could easily decimate life in the solar system where the device is being built by triggering horrifying mass extinctions and changing the chemical structure of previously habitable atmospheres .
It would be like a gamma ray burst from a hypernova and it does n’t seem very likely that any civilization could survive triggering one in their own backyard .
Besides , the sheer mechanics of assembling this much matter would be easily on par with the bomb scenario and whatever species started the project would be extinct long before completing it .
Even boosting production rates by thousands of times would n’t help .
Finally , let ’s go back to the initial requirements and consider what a density of 1042 J / m3 actually means .
By converting this energy to mass , we ’ll see that it far exceeds the density of the core of a neutron star .
And since neutron stars are as dense as matter can get until it collapses into a black hole , anything that would create a similar energy density could essentially create a black hole about 33 meters across with an expected lifetime of 3.6 × 1060 years if it recreated the conditions needed for Obousy and Cleaver ’s theoretical spacecraft to hit the speed of light .
To escape the shockwave and be able to aim the GRB far enough away , the civilization that created this black hole machine would have to build it hundreds of millions of miles away from the planet it would occupy .
Though , as we saw already , any civilization capable of building a black hole machine would be living in a cold , dark universe lit by embers of old , dead stars slowly simmering away into dense , solid matter , even if it started working on the project now .
And in my humble opinion , such an advanced species would find other things to do with its time or just opt to make the best out of relativistic rocketry to get around .
See : Richard Obousy , Gerald Cleaver ( 2008 ) .
Warp Drive : A New Approach JBIS arXiv : 0712.1649v6
Tips to avoid the flu
Unless you ’re living in a cave with no contact with other people or the media , you know it ’s flu season .
And whether or not you plan on getting the flu shot or have received the flu shot , we know it ’s not 100 % effective .
As a matter a fact , despite what you keep hearing in the media , we do n’t really know current flu vaccine ’s efficacy at all .
The key is to not get the virus in the first place .
What can you and your family do to avoid getting the flu ?
Wash your hands
The most common way a cold or flu virus is obtained is by touching your nose , eyes or mouth after your hands have been contaminated .
The importance of washing your hands cannot be overstated and is our number one defense in stopping the spread of infections and illness .
Wash your hands :
Before you eat
Before touching your face
After you use the bathroom
Before and after you prepare food
After touching / petting an animal , a leash , or an animal toy
Before inserting or removing contact lenses
Frequently
Teach your family the proper way to cough and sneeze .
Let others know they should turn their heads and cough or sneeze into a disposable tissue or the inside of their elbow and not in their hands .
Avoid close contact .
When you ?re sick or others around you are sick , try not to expose yourself or others to germs .
If you are sick do not go to school , work , or any other places where many people could get exposed .
Practice good lifestyle habits :
Get plenty of sleep
Manage your stress
Eat nutritious food
Drink plenty of liquids
Despite strides in science , disinfectant sprays and anti-bacterial products , our best defense against infectious disease is simply washing your hands with ordinary soap .
Unfortunately , many do n’t wash their hands enough or if they do , they ’re not doing it properly .
Hand Washing 101 :
1 . Use lukewarm water and lather your hands with ordinary soap .
Anti bacterial soap is not necessary and simply rinsing your hands under running water is useless .
Cold water is not as effective and avoid hot water because it will dry the skin too much .
2 . Rub your hands together making sure to get the entire surface of your hands and fingers .
Intertwine your fingers and do n’t forget the back of your hands and around your finger nails .
3 . Wash your hands properly for at least 20 seconds .
4 . Rinse your hands well .
try to let the water run from your wrist down off your finger tips .
5 . Dry your hands with a clean paper towel or air dry .
Use a paper towel to turn the faucet off .
Remember you turned it on with dirty hands .
Well , I ’ll give the Men ’s Rights Activists one thing : they ’re certainly catching ’em young these days .
As an example , here ’s a recently published interview that 16 year old MRA wannabe Reece Wilkes carried out with Shadow Foreign Secretary William Hague .
Particular highlights for me in this report include :
( On being asked why there could n’t be a minister for equality who could deal with both men’s and women ’s issues instead of there just being a minister for women )
“ Mr Hague looked baffled and did not have an answer to this . ”
Ermm .
Note to both Reece Wilkes and William Hague : Harriet Harman is currently Minister for Women and Equality and heads up the Government Equalities Office , you know , the department that deals with equalities issues .
She does n’t head up the Government Women ’s Office , because , surprise surprise !
No such office exists .
“ Reece replied to this that he believes that there is a bias / favouritism within the media towards women ”
ROFLMAO !
“ Mr Hague said he had sent a number of letters to Harriet Harman , and had not received anything back .
He actually described Harriet Harman as “ incompetent ” .
Reece agreed in full and added that he thought Harriet Harman was “ pathetic ” . ”
and then they both laughed , slapped each other on the back , and talked about what back - biting bitchez women could be ….
Seriously though , young Reece ’s questions are so boringly predictable I could have compiled them for him in my sleep :
Ask about a minister for men : check
Talk about men’s health issues being ignored : check
Circumcision v FGM : check
And whatever you do do n’t forget to mention the family Courts and father ’s rights : check
There ’s only one thing missing from all this , one crucial MRA issue Reece forgot to bring up , one part of the MRA script he ’s quite shockingly left out .
He forgot to ask Hague what the Tories are planning to do about all the false rape accusations !
Ah well , maybe off the back of his new found fame as an MRA poster boy he ’ll get a second interview , and a chance to rectify this glaring omission .
" I have n't been this bearish in a year , " she said in a live interview .
" I look at the board and every single stock from Tiffany to Bank of America to Caterpillar is up .
But there is no fundamental rooting as to why these names are up — particularly in the consumer space . "
Click Here to Watch Interview
In a wide - ranging interview , Whitney , CEO of the Meredith Whitney Advisory Group , also said :
She was disappointed that Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke did n't spell out how the Federal Reserve planned to exit " the biggest Fed program to date , which is the mortgage - backed purchase program . "
In a speech earlier Thursday , Bernanke said the central bank was watching the dollar 's decline but is likely to keep interest rates low .
The US consumer was going through the biggest credit contraction ever — even bigger than that during the Great Depression .
" That credit contraction is accelerating , " she said .
" There 's nowhere to hide at this point . "
The banking sector is not adequately capitalized and will need to raise more capital in the coming year .
The residential real estate market is likely to worsen and remains a much bigger threat than the commercial property market .
The government 's mortgage modification program wo n't result in any major improvement in homeowners ' ability to stay above water , she added .
" I do n't know what 's going on in the market right now because it makes no sense to me , " she said .
" The scariest thing about the Fed 's program is that the money on the sidelines is n't going to support that asset class , " she added .
" So the trillion dollars of Fannie ( Mae ) , Freddie ( Mac ) and mortgage - backed securities that the Fed is holding — there 's no substitute buyer there . "
So you think you 're on the straight and narrow path of life .
You 've never been arrested or sent to jail ; in fact , you think you 're very different from the people who have .
Not so fast .
Maybe you are not yet aware of your criminal thinking .
The Minnesota Department of Corrections and the Hazelden Foundation have identified nine criminal thinking patterns in A New Direction : A Cognitive - Behavioral Treatment Curriculum and they are n't as dark or outlandish as you might suspect .
At first glance , many of these patterns might even be considered prevalent in today 's culture .
Want to find out if your thoughts could be criminal ?
Simply read each statement below making note of whether you agree or disagree with each .
When you are finished , read on to get the answers and discover more about the researchers ' findings . *
1. I tend to be a victim of the whims of others .
Friends , family , employers , and / or the government really created the mess I am in today .
2 . I 've done things in my life that others really look down upon me for , like stealing , drug dealing or fighting , but I 'm still a really good person .
3 . I act tough , but even though I 'd never admit it , I 'm scared of being ‘ found out ' .
4 . It does n't take a lot of hard work , time or effort to be successful .
I am really interested in ‘ get rich quick ' ideas .
5 . No one knows what I have gone through .
I 've lived a tough life that has given me the experience to be better at things than others .
6. Rules and laws are made for other people .
I tend to have my own way of doing things .
7 . People are always telling me that I should learn from my mistakes and plan for my future .
Not me , I live for today .
8 . Honestly , I like it when others are fearful of or intimidated by me .
9 . I 'm a thrill seeker .
I live for excitement - responsibility is not for me .
10 .
I tend to be possessive of my things and the people around me , but get upset when others do n't share their good fortunes with me .
Ready for the answers ?
Click here .
* Please note , this quiz is meant for entertainment value only , it is not meant to advise , diagnose or treat .
Source : Minnesota Department of Corrections & The Hazelden Foundation . ( 2002 ) .
A new direction : A treatment curriculum .
Center City , MN : Hazelden Publishing
RAMALLAH , West Bank , Nov 4 ( Reuters ) - Palestinians may have to abandon the goal of an independent state if Israel continues to expand Jewish settlements and the United States does not stop it , chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat said on Wednesday .
It may be time for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to " tell his people the truth , that with the continuation of settlement activities , the two - state solution is no longer an option " , Erekat told a news conference .
Citing a 2003 peace " road map " that also calls on Palestinians to rein in militants , Abbas has made a cessation of Israeli settlement activity in the occupied West Bank a precondition for resuming statehood talks with Israel .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who met Israeli and Palestinian leaders on Saturday , unsuccessfully urged Abbas to negotiate with Israel and resolve the settlement issue within the framework of the talks .
Erekat said Clinton -- who praised as unprecedented Netanyahu 's offer to limit temporarily construction in West Bank settlements to 3,000 additional housing units -- was only opening the door to more settlements in the next two years .
The alternative left for Palestinians is to " refocus their attention on the one - state solution where Muslims , Christians and Jews can live as equals " , Erekat said .
" It is very serious .
This is the moment of truth for us . "
Israel has rejected a single state for Israelis and Palestinians as a demographic timebomb that would make Jews a minority in the country .
Erekat said Netanyahu 's concept of a Palestinian state with limited powers of sovereignty and his uncompromising position on the future of Jerusalem were tantamount to dictating the terms of peace negotiations in advance .
Netanyahu , Erekat said , told Abbas " that Jerusalem will be the eternal and united capital of Israel , that refugees wo n't be discussed , that our state will be demilitarised , that we have to recognise the Jewish state , that it 's not going to be the 1967 borders , that the skies will be under his control " .
" This is dictation and not negotiations , " he said .
Netanyahu and Abbas last met in New York in September in a handshake meeting arranged by U.S. President Barack Obama .
Clinton reaffirmed in Cairo on Wednesday that Washington does not accept the legitimacy of Israeli settlements built on land captured in a 1967 war .
But she added , in another nudge to Palestinians to talk with Israel : " Getting into final status negotiations will allow us to bring an end to settlement activity . "
Erekat said Palestinians " made a mistake " in the past by agreeing to negotiate with Israel without insisting that settlement building be stopped , and there were not about to repeat that error this time .
Netanyahu's predecessor Ehud Olmert negotiated with the Palestinians throughout his 3 - year term but left office with more Jewish settlements in the West Bank than when he started , he said .
Others I 'd like to see out campaigning for our Bill Owens :
Any of the 5 R members of the NY State Assembly who endorsed Scozzafava . ( per http://www.observer.com/... ) Bob Oaks , Will Barclay , Joe Griffo , Teresa Sayward , Janet Duprey )
Wingnut blogs seem to have put a special target on Duprey , as a pro-gay marriage BFF R to Scozzafava .
( For more info on the Teabagger target on Duprey , google her name and tcotreport - for a " story " by Michael Patrick Leahy , the teabagger who took the now infamous photo of Scozzafava , virtually alone , in front of one of Hoffman 's offices )
Vice President Biden - he 's still scheduled to travel to the district ( Watertown ) tomorrow .
One link for details - http://blog.timesunion.com/...
Hat tip to terjenderson , who points out that by tradition , civilians in the DoD ( I guess like regular military in uniform ) just do n't get directly involved in political campaigns .
This would apply to John McHugh , SecArmy , and most recent occupant of the seat .
I wish he could have helped .
Other important snippets from the editorial : http://www.watertowndailytimes.com/...
The Watertown Daily Times initially endorsed Ms. Scozzafava as the best - qualified candidate in the race .
We still think she is .
However , in suspending her campaign she released her supporters ' commitment to her .
That left voters to choose between Mr. Owens and Mr. Hoffman .
Of the two , Bill Owens is by far the superior and only choice .
Mr. Owens seems to approach politics and challenges with an open mind , a generous spirit and a can - do attitude .
He has conducted a dignified campaign in comparison to Doug Hoffman .
Mr. Hoffman is running as an ideologue .
If he carries out his pledges on earmarks , taxation , labor law reform and other inflexible positions , Northern New York will suffer .
This rural district depends on the federal government for an investment in Fort Drum and its soldiers , environmental protection of our international waterway and the Adirondack Park , and the livelihood of all our dairy farmers across the district , among other support .
Our representative cannot be locked into rigid promises and policies that would jeopardize these critical sectors of our economy .
hat tip to wdrath in the comments - DeDe 's husband , who is also a local labor leader , has endorsed Owens :
But her husband , Ron McDougall , offered his support to Owens late Saturday night — a possible sign of the family ’s bitter feelings toward Hoffman .
McDougall. president of the Jefferson - Lewis - St. Lawrence Central Trades and Labor Council , said Owens " understands the issues important to working people .
On the other hand , Doug Hoffman has little regard for the interests of workers . "
One historical tidbit - I believe if Jacob Javits had done in 1980 what Scozzafava is doing today , NY would not have had to suffer 18 years of Alfonse D'Amato as one of their senators .
ref http://en.wikipedia.org/...
Here 's hoping that DeDe has more success in her efforts .
UPDATE - Scozzafava has now officially endorsed Owens !
For more info , see Setrak 's breaking diary -
Scozzavafa officially endorses Bill Owens !
Gawd , you are all too kind .
This is my first time on the rec list - and it's probably the most incoherent diary that I 've ever written .
But I guess that 's the nature of " breaking " diaries - just before an election .
I 'll try to rewrite and update as I have time and new thoughts .
Despite all of the smiley faces that journalists for the mainstream news media continue to paste on their reports about recent economic developments , the official unemployment rate now verges on 10 percent , and various economic indicators signal a discouraging prospect for the near - term future .
Republican partisans , willing to grasp and exploit any passing news that seems to discredit the ruling Democrats , trumpet the conclusion that “ the stimulus has failed . ”
I do n’t dispute that it has failed and that it will continue to do so , but my reasons for this judgment have nothing to do with partisanship , inasmuch as I loathe both parties equally — indeed , I do n’t regard them as two parties at all , but only as two wings of a predatory one - party state .
In any event , though , there ’s trouble in River City , and the politicians have naturally decided that “ something must be done , ” lest the peasants grow dangerously restive .
Whence cometh a good deal of talk about “ more stimulus , ” although administration spokespersons such as Larry Summers are quick to distance themselves from this phraseology , if not from the substance it denotes .
So , what exactly do our glorious rulers have in mind ?
According to the Wall Street Journal ,
Obama administration economists said they would like the enhanced unemployment - insurance program to extend beyond its Dec. 31 expiration date .
They also want to maintain a program that offers tax credits to pay 65 % of the cost of health insurance policies under the COBRA program , which allows laid - off workers to purchase the health plans they had through their previous employer .
White House officials said they also are examining whether to extend a soon - to - expire tax credit for first - time homebuyers , but that provision faces a stiffer headwind .
If these ideas are the best ones that the administration ’s economic geniuses can come up with , the economy is heading for even rougher waters .
To understand why , recall that lesson one in public - policy economics is this : if you want less of something , tax it ; if you want more of something , subsidize it .
Extending the term of unemployment - insurance benefits and offering tax credits to cover 65 percent of the cost of maintaining health - insurance coverage for the jobless in effect subsize unemployment : these measures lower the cost of remaining unemployed by reducing the employment benefits the unemployed forgo .
Hence , unemployed people will search for new jobs less actively , and they will be more likely to turn down a job offer that does not provide the same compensation they received in their previous jobs .
Thus , these measures will keep the unemployment rate higher than it otherwise would have been , magnifying and prolonging the recession .
Political realists might also note that the continuation of high unemployment will increase the demand for government rescues of various sorts .
In this way , the government gets , as it were , just what it ( which is to say , the taxpayers ) pays for , namely , continued excuses for its bulked - up spending ( i.e. , vote buying ) .
So , before you accuse administration officials of contemplating the adoption of crazy policies , consider that these politicians may actually be crazy like a fox .
Extension of the tax - credit for first - time homebuyers is a looney idea for somewhat different reasons .
To understand this measure ’s perniciousness , recall that our present economic difficulties spring in large part from the de facto subsidies that various public policies created during the earlier years of this decade for home purchases by people who , absent those subsidies , could not afford to repay the requisite mortgage loans .
Now , while the economy is still deep in the quicksand of millions of mortgages in delinquency or default , with many others likely to be in such trouble soon , the government is considering the extension of a measure that – strange to say – again tempts people who cannot afford the mortgage payments on a home purchase to go ahead and purchase it nevertheless .
By such “ caring ” policies , the government lures people who cannot swim into waters much too deep for them to stand in , with predictable results looming not far in the future .
Again , however , the government may simply be seeking to keep the economy in trouble as long as it can do so , because as long as the troubles continue , the demand for the government ’s salvation will remain at its present elevated level .
Think of the policies the administration is now contemplating as parts of a perpetual - motion machine for government spending and the willful distortion of market pricing and resource allocation .
And who can possibly object , unless it be a taxpayer or someone with an interest in the creation of wealth in this country ?
In politics , of course , such old - fashioned naysayers count for practically nothing .
Mr. Hirsch credits the Jewish press , therapists and rabbis in the haredi population itself , and organizations like his , with bringing the issue to light .
Jewish blogs like FailedMessiah.com and theunorthodoxjew.blogspot.com , he said , have also been “ a major catalyst , ” giving abuse victims their first opportunity to vent and connect without fear of being identified .
“ People are rising up , ” he said .
The father of a Brooklyn 10 - year - old said in an interview that the mishandling , as he viewed it , of sexual abuse cases by rabbinical courts had persuaded him to contact the police immediately when his son told him last year that a neighbor had abused him .
“ I ’m not one who believes rabbis are capable to handle this , ” the father said .
The rabbis themselves voice a wide spectrum of reactions .
Many say change is needed .
Many more defend their internal courts .
But almost all concur with what one Orthodox rabbi , Yosef Blau of Yeshiva University , recently called a dawning revelation about child molestation , which was once dismissed by the hierarchy as inconceivable among a people who embrace an all - consuming religious devotion :
“ Now , ” he said , “ it is seen as possible . ”
In April , after bringing most of the recent criminal cases , Mr. Hynes began an initiative called Project Kol Tzedek , or Voice of Justice , which has enlisted Orthodox social workers to encourage more victims to step forward , and has dispatched trained staff members to schools and community centers to talk about abuse .
Hailed by many as an innovative approach , the program has been criticized by some victims ’ advocates for its links to a haredi social service agency , Ohel Children ’s Home and Family Services , to which beth dins have referred men accused of sexual abuse .
Critics say that the treatment provided by Ohel has been inadequate and poorly supervised , a charge that the agency has vigorously denied .
Mr. Hynes walks a fine line .
He has cultivated ties with Orthodox leaders since he was first elected in 1989 .
In an interview , he said he did so partly because they represent a major constituency , and partly to address jurisdictional tensions between his authority and theirs .
In an editorial last year , The Jewish Week said those relationships had hampered abuse prosecutions , describing the district attorney ’s approach until recently as “ ranging from passive to weak - willed . ”
Image Members and activists take part in a meeting for Survivors for Justice , a group formed to help Orthodox Jews molested as children .
Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
Yet no prosecutor in the country has as many sexual abuse investigations and pending cases against haredi suspects .
“ We were able to break through because we have worked to establish credibility in the community , ” Mr. Hynes said .
Some haredi leaders said they had no quarrel with Mr. Hynes ’s project .
Yet one rabbi mentioned frequently on blogs cites ancient doctrine that justifies killing someone who informs on a fellow Jew .
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) -- A 1965 Volkswagen van stolen 35 years ago in Spokane , Washington , was found by customs agents in a shipping container in the Los Angeles port last month , a U.S. Customs and Border Protection official said .
The blue van , in pristine condition , was bound for Germany along with several vintage Volkswagens , Customs and Border Protection Port Director Todd Hoffman said .
The Arizona company that was shipping the van had no idea the vehicle was stolen from a Spokane auto shop in 1974 , Hoffman said .
Customs and Border Protection agents routinely run vehicle identification numbers through the National Insurance Crime Bureau database for all vehicles being loaded on ships for export , he said .
They recover stolen vehicles about once a week , but they usually are high - end late - model luxury cars , he said .
While it was likely worth just a few hundred dollars when it was stolen , the VW is now valued at about $ 27,000 , he said .
Allstate Insurance Company , which paid the original owner for the loss decades ago , now owns the van , according to Allstate spokeswoman Megan Brunet .
The insurance company has not decided if it will sell the van at auction -- which is the routine -- or put it to other use because of it's history , she said .
Papua New Guinea police are hunting the leader of a sex cult that promised villagers a bumper banana harvest if they engaged in public sex .
The alert was raised after a villager from Yamina in Morobe province walked 12 hours to the nearest town to report the cult 's activities .
He told police the cult 's leader and his followers have been using threats of violence to force people to have sex in public for the past four months .
The Post Courier reports villagers had been promised their banana harvest would increase every time they fornicated publicly .
Three police officers trekked into the village over the weekend but the leader , identified as Thomas Peli , was able to escape into the bush .
Police reinforcements are being sent to the area .
$ sudo apt - get install nikto
nikto -h 192.168.1.2
Nikto can be automatically updated ,
To update to the latest plugins and databases , simply run Nikto with the - update command :
nikto -update
If updates are available , you will see a list of the files getting downloaded .
TOKYO 
For years , Japan has been readying itself for the day that it is eclipsed economically by China .
But as a result of the global slowdown , Japan ’s difficulty in managing its economy and China ’s rise  on vivid display Thursday as Beijing celebrated the 60th anniversary of the founding of the People ’s Republic  that day may come sooner than anyone predicted .
Though recent wild currency swings could delay the reckoning , many economists expect Japan to cede its rank as the world ’s second - largest economy sometime next year , as much as five years earlier than previously forecast .
At stake are more than regional bragging rights : the reversal of fortune will bring an end to a global economic order that has prevailed for 40 years , with ramifications across arenas from trade and diplomacy to , potentially , military power .
China ’s rise could accelerate Japan ’s economic decline as it captures Japanese export markets , and as Japan ’s crushing national debt increases and its aging population grows less and less productive  producing a downward spiral .
Under an awning set up at a tiny outpost guarded by U.S. Marines , the district governor of Nawa is pleading with three dozen solemn - looking farmers and village elders not to plant the crop that feeds the world heroin market .
Haji Abdul Manaf , a farmer and onetime leader in the fight against Russian occupiers , has several parts to his passionate anti-poppy pitch .
Moral : Planting an illegal crop puts you in collusion with criminals and violates the Koran .
Practical : If Nawa continues to be known as the center of the poppy crop , outsiders like the Americans wo n’t come here to build schools , clinics and roads .
And then the direct approach .
“ If you grow poppy , we will catch you , destroy your crop and put you in jail ! ” shouted Manaf , as his audience stared impassively , some fingering worry beads , others nibbling on plates of garbanzo beans , raisins and tiny candies .
It is a speech that Manaf , at the behest of the Americans , makes frequently at open - air meetings of farmers and elders : sometimes in a shady spot in different marketplaces , sometimes at the Nawa district government center , once at the unfinished mansion of a now - jailed drug kingpin .
The district governor ’s appearances are part of a counter - narcotics strategy that has changed dramatically since the Bush administration but remains crucial to the war effort , particularly in Helmand province , the heart of the poppy - growing region .
The poppy crop provides the money that allows the Taliban to carry on its insurgency against the government in Kabul and its American and NATO allies .
The U.S. and United Nations estimate that drug traffickers pay insurgents as much as $ 500 million a year to grow and protect the crop and then smuggle it into processing labs in Afghanistan and elsewhere .
At the presentation in Nawa , Manaf was at a Marine compound ringed by barriers , barbed wire and gun towers .
Manaf was accompanied by Lt. Col.
William McCollough , whose troops descended on Nawa in July with the primary mission of protecting the civilian population from Taliban brutality and a secondary mission of putting a dent in the region ’s poppy crop .
With the fast approach of the planting season for spring harvest , however , that secondary mission has taken on renewed urgency .
The Obama administration believes previous counter - narcotics efforts that focused on destroying crops drove many farmers and influential tribesmen into supporting the Islamist insurgency .
So the U.S. and British governments have taken a hands - off approach to an eradication program in which Afghan soldiers burn or plow under fields of poppy before the crop can be harvested .
Instead , special forces troops from both nations -- as well as dozens of U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration agents deployed over the summer -- are active in finding and interdicting the routes used to smuggle poppy resin from Afghanistan to processing plants thought to be in Iran and Pakistan .
The Afghan government also is trying to persuade farmers to stop growing poppy and shift to other crops , particularly wheat .
The U.S. and British governments are underwriting a program to give farmers high - grade wheat seed and fertilizer at a reduced price , enough for several plantings .
The Afghan government has agreed to buy at least a portion of the crop .
An estimated 4,800 farmers will receive the seed and fertilizer out of an estimated 80,000 to 100,000 people in the Nawa district .
The number of recipients was determined by government officials in Kabul , the capital .
A similar program was tried last year , but distribution was done solely at the provincial capital , Lashkar Gah , and the effort was undercut by corruption and thievery , officials said .
Still , poppy production plummeted -- by one report , more than 20 % nationwide -- although one reason might have been the skyrocketing price for wheat .
Some observers also have suggested that the Taliban ordered a cutback to drive up the price of heroin .
When the Marines rode into Nawa in July , Taliban fighters , after two weeks of attacks , fled to a nearby community called Marja .
U.S. and Afghan National Army forces are planning an assault on Marja akin to the U.S. assault on Fallouja , Iraq , in 2004 .
The action could take place as a reported 9,000 additional Marines deploy to Helmand province , a move expected in the wake of President Obama ’s new war strategy announcement Tuesday .
U.S. officials believe that Marja has also become a center for drug - marketeers who seduce or coerce the farmers of Helmand province into growing poppy .
Removing the Taliban from Marja would remove the narco - racketeers , leaving the farmers with no one to buy their poppy crop , officials say .
The message for farmers is blunt :
Shift to wheat ( or corn or grapes or another crop ) because soon poppy will no longer be profitable .
“ By April , Marja will no longer exist , ” McCollough said .
Success in Marja would be a step forward , but the fight against the poppy crop here has only just begun -- and it promises to be formidable .
When Manaf talked about poppy , his audience , sitting cross-legged on the ground , said little .
But when he threw open the gathering to other topics , the reaction was swift and heated .
The farmers complained about lack of water , and elders talked bitterly about the U.S. detaining their sons and tribesmen as suspected members of the Taliban .
“ I do n’t know why these things are happening , ” said one farmer , staring angrily at McCollough .
“ We are getting tired of the Marines -- they are making problems for us . ”
Before the farmers left , the Marines distributed Korans , prayer rugs and small radios .
A U.S. - run station plays pro-government , anti-Taliban , anti-poppy messages , along with music and some news .
But the Taliban is not giving up Nawa without a fight .
Marines continue to find roadside bombs and detain villagers for possessing bomb materials .
Three community leaders friendly to the Americans were killed over a two - week period , one of them just hours after attending Manaf ’s speech .
He was a former Taliban who had switched sides .
To prevent a repeat of last year ’s problems with the wheat seed distribution , the program is being run through the government center , adjacent to the Marine compound , which is called Cherokee .
Afghan employees are in charge , but armed Marines are nearby , in “ over watch . ”
The seed bags are stamped as coming from the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan .
No mention is made of the U.S. or Britain .
Driving aging tractors and small trucks , the farmers arrive to complete the paperwork and receive the sacks of seed and fertilizer .
The cost is about $ 17 , a tenth of the value of the seed .
The fertilizer is low - grade and not likely to be used in making bombs , officials said .
“ These are not bad people , ” said Ian Purves , a Briton assigned to work with the farmers of Nawa .
“ They ’re not growing poppy to screw up the U.S. or U.K. or to fund the Taliban .
They just want to feed their families . ”
Yet persuading farmers not to plant poppy is not an easy sell .
“ We ’re realistic , we know poppy will be grown in Helmand , just not as much , ” McCollough said .
As well as supporting farmers , poppy is a labor - intensive crop that provides jobs during harvest for villagers , even college students and government workers .
Also , wheat is a thirsty crop -- in an area where water distribution is chaotic .
On the other hand , addiction is growing among the youth of Helmand province .
A third or more are rejected as applicants for Afghan national security force jobs because of addiction .
One farmer chained his son to the house in hopes of breaking his addiction .
After the Marines pushed the Taliban from Nawa , a “ civilian surge ” of officials from the State Department , the U.S. Agency for International Development and the British government arrived .
The officials are encouraging the Afghan education system to initiate an anti-drug program in schools .
“ You try to push them in a different direction , ” said Mack McDonald , State Department senior governance specialist in Nawa .
“ But ultimately the people here have to stand up and say ‘ enough is enough . ’ ”
tony.perry@latimes.com
A debugger lets you pause a program , examine and change variables , and step through code .
Spend a few hours to learn one so you can avoid dozens of hours of frustration in the future .
This is a quick guide , more information here :
Getting Started : Starting and Stopping
gcc -g myprogram .c
Compiles myprogram.c with the debugging option ( - g ) .
You still get an a.out , but it contains debugging information that lets you use variables and function names inside GDB , rather than raw memory locations ( not fun ) .
gdb a.out Opens GDB with file a.out , but does not run the program .
You ’ll see a prompt ( gdb ) – all examples are from this prompt .
r
r arg1 arg2
r < file1
Three ways to run “ a.out ” , loaded previously .
You can run it directly ( r ) , pass arguments ( r arg1 arg2 ) , or feed in a file .
You will usually set breakpoints before running .
help
h breakpoints List help topics ( help ) or get help on a specific topic ( h breakpoints ) .
GDB is well - documented .
q – Quit GDB
Stepping Through Code
Stepping lets you trace the path of your program , and zero in on the code that is crashing or returning invalid input .
l
l 50
l myfunction List 10 lines of source code for current line ( l ) , a specific line ( l 50 ) , or for a function ( l myfunction ) .
next Run program until next line , then pause .
If the current line is a function , execute the entire function , then pause .
Next is good for walking through your code quickly .
step
Run the next instruction , not line .
If the current instructions is setting a variable , it is the same as next .
If it ’s a function , it will jump into the function , execute the first statement , then pause .
Step is good for diving into the details of your code .
finish Finish executing the current function , then pause ( also called step out ) .
Useful if you accidentally stepped into a function .
Breakpoints and Watchpoints
Breakpoints are one of the keys to debugging .
They pause ( break ) a program when it reaches a certain location .
You can examine and change variables , then resume execution .
This is helpful when seeing why certain inputs fail , or testing inputs .
break 45
break myfunction
Set a breakpoint at line 45 , or at myfunction .
The program will pause when it reaches the breakpoint .
watch x == 3
Set a watchpoint , which pauses the program when a condition changes ( when x == 3 changes ) .
Watchpoints are great for certain inputs ( myPtr != NULL ) without having to break on every function call .
continue Resume execution after being paused by a breakpoint / watchpoint .
The program will continue until it hits the next breakpoint / watchpoint .
delete N Delete breakpoint N ( breakpoints are numbered when created ) .
Setting Variables and Calling Functions
Viewing and changing variables at run-time is a huge part of debugging .
Try giving functions invalid inputs or running other test cases to find the root of problems .
Typically , you will view / set variables when the program is paused .
print x Print current value of variable x .
Being able to use the original variable names is why the ( - g ) flag is needed ; programs compiled regularly have this information removed .
set x = 3
set x = y
Set x to a set value ( 3 ) or to another variable ( y )
call myfunction ( )
call myotherfunction ( x )
call strlen ( mystring )
Call user - defined or system functions .
This is extremely useful , but beware calling buggy functions .
display x
undisplay x Constantly display value of variable x , which is shown after every step or pause .
Useful if you are constantly checking for a certain value .
Use undisplay to remove the constant display .
Backtrace and Changing Frames
The stack is a list of the current function calls – it shows you where you are in the program .
A frame stores the details of a single function call , such as the arguments .
bt Backtrace , aka print the current function stack to show where you are in the current program .
If main calls function a( ) , which calls b( ) , which calls c( ) , the backtrace is c <= current location b a main
bt full – backtrace , including local variables
– backtrace , including local variables up
down
Move to the next frame up or down in the function stack .
If you are in c , you can move to b or a to examine local variables .
return Return from current function .
Crashes and Core Dumps
A “ core dump ” is a snapshot of memory at the instant the program crashed , typically saved in a file called “ core ” .
GDB can read the core dump and give you the line number of the crash , the arguments that were passed , and more .
This is very helpful , but remember to compile with ( - g ) or the core dump will be difficult to debug .
gdb myprogram core Debug myprogram with “ core ” as the core dump file .
bt Print the backtrace ( function stack ) at the point of the crash .
Examine variables using the techniques above .
Handling Signals
Signals are messages thrown after certain events , such as a timer or error .
GDB may pause when it encounters a signal ; you may wish to ignore them instead .
handle [ signalname ] [ action ]
handle SIGUSR1 nostop
handle SIGUSR1 noprint
handle SIGUSR1 ignore Tell GDB to ignore a certain signal ( SIGUSR1 ) when it occurs .
There are varying levels of ignoring .
Integration with Emacs
The Emacs text editor integrates well with GDB .
Debugging directly inside the editor is great because you can see an entire screen of code at a time .
Use M-x gdb to start a new window with GDB and learn more here .
Tips
I often prefer watchpoints to breakpoints .
Rather than breaking on every loop and checking a variable , set a watchpoint for when the variable gets to the value you need ( i == 25 , ptr != null , etc. ) .
printf works well for tracing .
But wrap printf in a log function for flexibility .
works well for tracing .
But wrap in a function for flexibility .
Try passing a log level with your message ( 1 is most important , 3 is least ) .
You can tweak your log function to send email on critical errors , log to a file , etc .
Code speaks , so here it is .
Use #define LOG_LEVEL LOG_WARN to display warnings and above .
Use #define LOG_LEVEL LOG_NONE to turn off debugging .
#include #define LOG_NONE 0 #define LOG_ERROR 1 #define LOG_WARN 2 #define LOG_INFO 3 #define LOG_LEVEL LOG_WARN // shows msg if allowed by LOG_LEVEL int log( char * msg , int level ) { if ( LOG_LEVEL >= level ) { printf ( " LOG %d : %s
" , level , msg ) ; // could also log to file } return 0 ; } int main ( int argc , char ** argv ) { printf ( " Hi there !
" ) ; log ( " Really bad error ! " , LOG_ERROR ) ; log ( " Warning , not so serious . " , LOG_WARN ) ; log ( " Just some info , not that important . " , LOG_INFO ) ; return 0 ; }
Spend the time to learn GDB ( or another debugging tool ) !
I know , it ’s like telling people to eat their vegetables , but it really is good for you – you ’ll thank me later .
When he ’s not running , he ’s flying - Greg in white PJs .
Photos courtesy of Greg Krause .
Last month , Jet Blue announced a bold promotion : fly as much as you want for 30 days with the flat rate All - You - Can -Jet Pass .
THE PROMOTION SPARKED some debate on Matador ’s news blog , MatadorPulse , where readers weighed the attraction of cheap flights against the indulgence of a crazy carbon footprint .
Carbon footprint concerns notwithstanding , at least one traveler who bought the All - You - Can -Jet Pass is using Jet Blue ’s promo to draw attention to his own pet project : supporting a school his parents developed in Zambia .
Between flights , Greg Krause took the time to answer some questions about his 30 Days on Jet Blue initiative , including what he hopes to achieve and how he responds to critics who raise the dreaded carbon footprint question .
*
The school in Zambia
Matador : How and why were your parents asked to start a school in Zambia ?
Greg :
My parents are retired .
My mother was a school teacher / principal / administrator and my father was a chemical engineer .
About 14 years ago they decided to help run an elementary school in Gaborone , Botswana , during their retirement .
While there , they made many connections .
About 4.5 years ago , they were approached by some local people from Macha , Zambia who had heard of them and asked if they would come and help establish a school in this area where there was no quality education for the children .
My parents agreed and moved up there .
Where they are located , there is no electricity and no running water .
They use solar power and a generator to get by .
Matador :
How much are you hoping to raise ?
Greg :
The school is in dire need of a reliable 4×4 vehicle and we are currently $ 22 k short of the needed funds for the purchase and shipment of the vehicle .
I would love to be able to check that need off the list for the school .
There are also many many other needs , including building funds .
With the generous help of the many people who hear this story , I am also hoping that we will be able to raise enough to put some money toward the building fund .
It is a work in progress and the school / orphan boarding home is quickly outgrowing its current space .
They also are waiting for electricity .
When / if the government brings power to the area we want to be ready financially to have that installed .
I am hoping this project can make a major difference in the lives of these kids , and I am optimistic that if we all pitch in a little , we can accomplish this .
Matador :
How much have you raised so far ?
Greg :
We have raised a little over $ 2,000 so far with this project .
Last year , I agreed to run the NY Marathon in pajamas for a company called SnoreStop , in exchange for a $ 9,000 donation to the school .
Matador :
What kinds of corporate sponsorship and support have you received ?
Greg : I do not have any corporate sponsorship .
I would love to have some , but have not been able to arrange anything .
My main sponsor is the winner of the eBay auction – Orphan ’s Promise .
I am essentially promoting them ( I have agreed to wear their shirts for the duration of the journey ) , but they are in turn promoting the school , the kids and the entire project .
Matador :
How do you resolve some of the criticism people may have regarding the enormous carbon footprint generated by traveling so many miles against the presumed good that will come out of this project ?
Greg : I do n’t know if I can resolve any of the criticism regarding the giant carbon footprint all this air travel creates .
This project would never have been possible without the “ All You Can Jet Pass ” sold by jetBlue .
It is their lowest volume passenger period of the year .
The planes are scheduled to fly even if they are not completely full .
They are not adding any additional flights to their schedule to accommodate myself or anyone using the pass , With that in mind , the needs in Zambia are so great .
These kids did not have the opportunity to attend school and they are now ( or are on their way to ) reaching their full potential .
Matador :
Why is it so important to fund the school fully ?
Greg :
One of the students , Christopher , was 10 years old and had never been to school .
He was an orphan being raised by a distant relative .
They did n’t see him as a family member , but rather a burden and because of that , forced him to work as a donkey herder .
Because of the school , Christopher is able to stay at the boarding home Monday through Friday .
He has managed to go from the equivalent of kindergarten to 6th grade in less than three years .
Kids welcome new school year .
There are many of these types of situations .
They call these children “ throw away ” or “ disposable ” ; many of them lost their parents to HIV / AIDS or malaria .
There is no one willing to help them and give them a chance at a future .
One little girl named Beauty was living with a distant relative in a one room hut and about 15 other children .
The adult in the home told my parents “ Take her , we do n’t want her . ”
With the help of this school , the hard work of my parents and many other individuals , we are able to make a difference in these kids ’ lives and give them a shot at a great future .
Matador :
How can people support you , financially and otherwise ?
Greg :
For support , there is a link on my website for donations that is linked through Orphan ’s Promise .
They have committed to give 100 % of the funds received for this project directly to the school .
If everyone pitches in and donates a few dollars we can make a HUGE difference in the lives of these children .
( Oh , and yes …it is tax deductible ) .
There is no percentage taken out for overhead admin costs .
We also are working on a container project to ship a cargo container with many needed supplies .
That is still in the works , but when that is ready , we will be accepting donations of clothing , school supplies , and equipment .
This will probably be next summer .
The school is also always looking for people to go to Zambia and volunteer .
The ultimate goal of the school is for it to be fully self sufficient and Zambia run , so that my parents can walk away knowing that it will continue to grow , but in the meantime there is a great need for as much help as they can get !
Matador :
What do you do when you ’re not jetting around raising money for Zambia ?
Greg : I have graduated from medical school and I am currently finishing up my medical board exams and waiting to start my residency in family practice next year .
Community Connection :
What do you think about Greg ’s 30 Days on Jet Blue ?
Share your thoughts in the comments below .
It 's not every day you see an albino orangutan in the forest , In fact , Alba is the only known albino of her kind .
She was rescued from a village in April 2017 by the Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation .
Alba was 5 years old when they found her , and she was suffering from stress , dehydration , parasite infection and a poor appetite .
Now , more than 20 months later , she is healthy , happy and returning to her home in the wild .
You can see in the video above as the rescue team brings her and another orangutan , Kika , back to the forest .
The two were released on Dec. 19 in Bukit Baka Bukit National Park in Indonesia .
Months of intensive care and recovery led to the emotional moment where Alba and her new friend could be free again .
Alba slowly exited the cage she was transported in and took in her new surroundings cautiously .
Once she was acclimated , Alba quickly climbed up high in the tree to begin her new adventures .
The Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation has now rescued , rehabilitated and released 386 orangutans since 2012 .
A monitoring team in the national park will continue to look after Alba and other orangutans in the area .
The first reports back for the rare albino orangutan is that she is actively moving through the forest canopy at a height of 35 meters or more .
It was a long journey for Alba , but her unique look and her healthy recovery has shown the good work that foundations and organizations are doing to rescue and rehabilitate animals in need .
Photograph by Jack Brauer
All of the Croatian people I have met through my years have always talked about the natural beauty of their homeland .
I always nodded in agreement because it struck me that most people shared the same sentiment , regardless of their origin .
This says to me , that natural beauty and splendor are everywhere .
Our planet is a wonderful place and there are countless gems like the Plitvice Lakes National Park in Croatia , for us to appreciate and preserve .
The Plitvice Lakes National Park was granted UNESCO World Heritage status in 1979 .
The beauty of the National Park lies in its sixteen lakes , inter - connected by a series of waterfalls , and set in deep woodland populated by deer , bears , wolves , boars and rare bird species
Photograph by Roman Bonnefoy
The National Park covers a total area of 300 square kilometers ( 116 sq. miles ) , whilst the lakes join together over a distance of eight kilometers ( 5 miles ) .
The sixteen lakes are separated into an upper and lower cluster formed by runoff from the mountains , descending from an altitude of 636 meters ( 2,087 ft ) to 503 meters ( 1,650 feet ) over a distance of some eight km ( 5 miles ) , aligned in a south - north direction .
The lakes collectively cover an area of about two square km , with the water exiting from the lowest lake to form the Korana River .
The lakes are renowned for their distinctive colours , ranging from azure to green , grey or blue .
The colours change constantly depending on the quantity of minerals or organisms in the water and the angle of sunlight .
There ’s also quite an altitude difference – the highest point is at 1,280 meters ( 4,200 ft ) , the lowest at 380 meters ( 1,247 ft ) – although the total height difference between the lakes themselves is only 135 meters ( 443 ft ) .
Veliki Slap is the largest waterfall , at 70 meters ( 230 ft ) tall .
Photograph by Henning Schroder
PLITVICE LAKES – A BRIEF HISTORY
The Plitvice Lakes had become a major tourist attraction in the late 19th century .
The first hotel was built there in 1896 , and as early as 1893 it already had a conservation committee – the predecessor of today ’s national park authority .
In 1949 the communist government of Yugoslavia nationalized the lakes and made them a national park .
The park was inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1979 in recognition of its “ outstanding natural beauty , and the undisturbed production of travertine ( tuff ) through chemical and biological action ” .
The park soon became one of Yugoslavia ’s most popular tourist attractions .
However , in March 1991 it became the scene of the Plitvice Lakes incident – the first armed confrontation of the Croatian War of Independence that resulted in fatalities .
The park was held by forces of the Republic of Serbian Krajina during the conflict and suffered some damage in the process , with hotels and other facilities being used as barracks .
At auto - camp Grabovac there were civilian deaths ( three children ) from a Yugoslav Army shell in September 1991 [ 4 ] .
It was retaken by the Croatian Army in August 1995 during Operation Storm , which ended the Croatian war .
Source : Wikipedia
.
Photograph by Roybb95
SOURCES
– http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plitvice_Lakes_National_Park
– http://www.visit-croatia.co.uk/plitvicelakes/
If you enjoyed this article , the Sifter highly recommends :
IGUAZU FALLS : 15 AMAZING PICTURES , 10 INCREDIBLE FACTS
No Explanation Given as Troops Force Their Way in , Tie Up Staff
The charity group Swedish Committee for Afghanistan expressed outrage today in reporting a US attack on a remote hospital being operated by the group .
The troops burst in to the hospital without explanation and conducted a full and rather violent search of the facility .
The troops reportedly tied up several employees and the family of some of the patients , ordered the bed - ridden patients out of their rooms and smashed down several doors , including the door to the malnutrition ward .
They did not arrest anybody , but upon leaving ordered the staff to report anybody coming to the hospital to seek treatment before the treatment was provided .
NATO spokesmen confirmed the raid , but said they had no information about why it was done and refused to speculate .
The United Nations cautioned that the raid was a potential violation of the Geneva Conventions , which insist that military personnel avoid operating inside medical facilities .
The charity says that the same hospital was involved in an incident in July , when private contractors escorting a supply convoy forced their way in and used the hospital to hide from insurgents .
A US helicopter also attacked a small medical clinic in Paktika Province last week on the basis of a report that a wounded insurgent might be inside .
This must be the ultimate in money making cynicism to come out of the US .
It seems that US cattle breeders just do not care what they feed their cattle as long as they turn a profit .
Why does the FDA refuse an outright ban ?
This is from ENN , Environmental News Network
A coalition of food and consumer groups that includes Consumers Union and the Center for Science in the Public Interest has asked the Food and Drug Administration to ban the practice of feeding chicken feces and other poultry farm waste to cattle .
[…]
“ Using the litter , which includes feces , spilled chicken feed , feathers and poultry farm detritus , increases the risk of cows becoming infected with bovine spongiform encephalopathy , or mad cow disease ” , said Michael Hansen , a senior scientist at Consumers Union .
They say that what the US does first the UK does second .
How long before we have US style cattle ‘ feedlots ’ and feed chicken faeces or maybe we do already .
Read more
We ’ve received a number of queries about a photograph purporting to show President Obama at Arlington National Cemetery on Veterans Day , listening to the national anthem without his hand over his heart .
Anyone who saw news coverage of Obama on Veterans Day might have smelled a rat right away :
He did n’t wear a red tie that day , as he does in the picture , but a blue one , and he wore a winter coat over his suit .
( We ’ve seen some e-mails claiming that the picture is from the Ft. Hood memorial service .
Obama did wear a red tie that day , but the memorial took place at Ft. Hood , against a backdrop of multiple flags including a prominent Air Force flag . )
In fact , the picture was taken several months earlier , at a Memorial Day observation at Arlington National Cemetery .
And that ’s only the beginning of what ’s wrong with this picture .
One of the chain e-mails attached to it reads in part : “ I do n’t know whether the National Anthem is being played , or the Flag is going by , or WHAT , but EVERYBODY in the picture is either saluting or has his hand over the HEART . ”
In fact , C - SPAN footage from the event shows that this photo was snapped just after Obama took the stage ( around 11:16 on the video ) —
“ Hail to the Chief ” was playing , not the national anthem .
The others on the podium are n’t saluting veterans or the nation ; they ’re saluting the commander in chief .
The video also shows Obama standing with his hand over his heart after the wreath - laying , while “ Taps ” is being played ( starting at 1:04 ) and during the national anthem ( 13:16 ) .
A heckler has thrown a Doc Marten boot at former prime minister John Howard during a speech at Cambridge University .
Mr Howard was preparing to speak to an audience of 400 at the Cambridge Union Society on the " leadership in the new century " last Friday when a student verbally abused him and accused him of being racist .
John Howard ... had a boot thrown at him .
Credit : Yuri Gripas
A Cambridge student website , The Tab , said the man began his verbal attack when Mr Howard told the audience he had been the Australian prime minister for 12 years and listed his achievements while in office .
The Tab said the man yelled : " I was ashamed to be an Australian for that entire time , racist . "
Loading
The website continued : " After this he was asked to leave the union but he refused .
He took off his Doc Marten boot and attempted to throw it at the former head of government .
" Senior union members managed to intercept the boot and the man was escorted out . "
( Repeats to add dropped word “ as ” in second paragraph )
WASHINGTON , Sept 8 ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama warned American teenagers on Tuesday of the dangers of putting too much personal information on Internet social networking sites , saying it could come back to haunt them in later life .
The presidential words of advice follow recent studies that suggest U.S. employers are increasingly turning to sites such as Facebook and News Corp 's NWSA .
O MySpace to conduct background checks on job applicants .
Taking part in a question - and - answer session with a group of 14 - and 15 - year - old school students , Obama was asked by one pupil for some advice on becoming U.S. president .
“ Well , let me give you some very practical tips .
First of all , I want everybody here to be careful about what you post on Facebook , because in the YouTube age , whatever you do , it will be pulled up again later somewhere in your life , ” Obama said .
“ And when you ’re young , you make mistakes and you do some stupid stuff .
And I ’ve been hearing a lot about young people who -- you know , they ’re posting stuff on Facebook , and then suddenly they go apply for a job and somebody has done a search . ”
Obama referred several times to “ mistakes ” he had made when he was at school but offered no specifics .
He has previously admitted to drug use when he was younger .
A survey in June by careerbuilder.com found that 45 percent of employers used social network sites to research job candidates and that Facebook , which says it has 250 million users worldwide , was their site of choice .
Some 35 percent of the employers surveyed said they had found content on the sites that had influenced them to reject a candidate .
Examples included inappropriate photographs , information about the applicants ’ drinking or drug use , or bad mouthing of previous employers , co-workers or clients .
The Obama White House frequently uses Facebook , Twitter and other social networking sites to bypass the media and communicate directly to Americans .
Until today , Google 's Chrome OS has been little more than a wordy concept .
Now , finally , we truly know what it is , what it looks like , and how it works .
Here 's the breakdown :
Advertisement
Google went to great pains to emphasize that today 's event was n't a launch — that 'll come a year from now , apparently , with a public beta still well over the horizon .
This is all about a seeing the OS for the first time ; understanding in real terms how it 's different from what 's out there ; figuring out why you might actually want to use it ; etc .
So !
Here 's what we knew going in :
Google Chrome OS is an open source , lightweight operating system that will initially be targeted at netbooks " and " most of the user experience takes place on the web . "
That is , it 's " Google Chrome running within a new windowing system on top of a Linux kernel " with the web as the platform .
It runs on x86 processors ( like your standard Core 2 Duo ) and ARM processors ( like inside every mobile smartphone ) .
Underneath lies security architecture that 's completely redesigned to be virus - resistant and easy to update .
Advertisement
Like I said , there were plenty of questions .
Onwards :
What It Is
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
• It 's basically just a browser : meaning that it 'll be based around preexisting web services like Gmail , Google Docs , and so on .
There are going to be no conventional applications , just web applications — nothing gets installed , updated , or whatever .
Seriously .
• It only runs web apps :
It 's going to integrate web apps into the operating system deeper than we 've ever seen before , meaning that a ) they 'll seem more like native apps than web apps and b ) they 'll be able to tap into local resources more than a typical web app in Firefox , for example .
They 're web apps in name , but they 'll have native powers .
Advertisement
• How , exactly ? : With HTML 5 . This is the next version of HTML , which gives the browser more access to local resources like location info , offline storage — the kinds of things you 'd normally associate with native apps .
More on that here .
• Chrome is Chrome :
The user 's experience with Chrome OS will basically be synonymous with their experience on Chrome Browser .
Technically speaking , Chrome OS is a Linux - based OS , but you wo n't be installing Linux binaries like you might on Ubuntu or some other Linux distribution .
Any " apps " you have will be used within the browser .
Chrome OS is effectively a new version of Chrome , that you can't leave .
There are a few reasons Google 's pushing this , which we 'll get to in a bit .
Advertisement
• And as you 've probably guessed , it 's super - light .
It starts up in a matter of seconds , and boot straight into the browser .
Likewise , the Chrome browser is apparently very , very optimized for Chrome OS , so it should be faster than we 've ever seen it .
• It wo n't support hard drives , just solid state storage .
I mean , hard drives are dying , sure , but this is pretty bold .
Hardware support sounds like it 'll be pretty slim , because :
• You 'll have to buy a Chrome OS device :
You might be able to hack this thing onto your current machine , but you wo n't just be able to install it to replace Windows , or opt for it on your next laptop , for example .
You 'll have to buy hardware that Google approved , either component by component , or in a whole package .
They 're already working on reference designs .
Advertisement
• For now , it 's for netbooks .
It 's not intended for desktops , to the point that Google is saying that the first generation of Chrome hardware will be secondary machines .
How It Looks
Advertisement
• It looks like Chrome browser — specifically , like the leaked shots we saw before .
As in a browser , you have tabs — these have to serve as a taskbar as well .
To the left of the tabs , you have a sort of start menu , which opens up a panel full of shortcuts .
These are your favorites .
These are your apps .
( Get used to this weird feeling , btw .
That Google whole point here .
• You can peg smaller windows , like chat windows or music players , to sit above your tabs at all times .
This feature looks a lot like the Gchat feature in Gmail , which is to say , it 's a box in the corner .
Advertisement
• Along with tabs , it 's got its own version of virtual desktops .
This means you can have multiple " windows " of Chrome OS to switch between , each of which is a different set of tabs .
Think one desktop for work , one for play , on for porn , etc etc etc .
It 's a bit like using Spaces on Mac , except only with the browser .
Advertisement
When , and How , It 's Coming
Google 's staying specifics on the exact release date — it 'll be sometime next year — but the source code for the project is published now .
That does n't mean it 's ready , really , but rather that they 're just planning on developing it in the open from here on out .
Expect builds to start showing up online , which 'll probably work wonderfully in a virtual machine app like VirtualBox .
Advertisement
The code is available as part of the Chromium OS ( the Chromium / Chrome distinction should be familiar to anyone who 's wrestled with the open source Mac version of Chrome ) project , posted here .
Advertisement
Why It Matters
With Chrome OS , Google is taking ( or in a way , forcing ) the operating system to go totally online .
As Google 's freshly designated evangelists are eager to tell you , the browser is already the center of most people 's computing experience .
The idea here is to make the browser powerful enough to render the rest of the operating system , and its native apps , moot .
Advertisement
It 's more pure than a lot of people expected :
When Google said that Chrome OS would be centered around the web , I think most people just assumed it would be a lightweight Linux distribution with deep integration for Google web services .
It 's not that .
It 's a browser .
But it 's a browser that runs different processes for each tab , that will have access to local OS resources , will to some extent work offline .
In other words , it 's not really a browser in the sense that we use the word , and the web apps that we 'll be using wo n't be like the ones we 're used to now , either .
The idea , here , it seems , is to replicate most , if not all , of the functionality in a native OS , while keeping the lightweight , ultra - secure framework of a thin client .
In other words , Google 's not asking much of its users in terms of changing how they do stuff ; they 're trying to change the way the operating system lets you do those things , transparently .
Advertisement
Think of it this way : now , the buttons in your taskbar or dock are now tabs ; your email client now runs within your browser , but stores stuff offline just like Mail or Outlook ; your documents will still open with a few clicks , but they 'll be stored remotely ( and locally only if you choose ) .
It 's all the same stuff , given to you in a different way .
Update : you can download it here .
[ Chrome on Giz ]
Get Google Chrome OS , Now Wow , that was fast .
Google Chrome OS was only unveiled today , and it 's already compiled as a VMWare Read more
Roland Carnaby was on the run .
Pulled over going 75 in a 60 , he 'd panicked and taken off from the traffic cop and now was racing along Highway 288 at nearly 120 miles per hour with police officers right on his tail .
A Houston Police Department officer named Charles Starks had stopped him driving his Jeep Commander a little before 10 a.m. on April 29 , 2008 .
Carnaby announced he was CIA and pulled out his credentials .
Starks asked for a phone number to call to verify Carnaby 's claim .
Carnaby gave him one , but said that probably no one was there .
When Starks asked to hold the CIA badge , Carnaby refused , citing " national security " issues .
Following procedure , Starks ran Carnaby 's driver 's license and found that the silver - haired man in the dark suit had been arrested , but not convicted , in 1992 in Montgomery County for disorderly conduct .
Police records showed Carnaby had a concealed - handgun license and that his car was registered to something called the National Security Command Center , with an address that Starks thought looked like it was in a strip mall in town .
It did n't make sense to Starks that a CIA officer would need a concealed - handgun license or that he'd have an arrest record .
And what was up with that odd registration and address ?
That 's when Carnaby called Frank ­Zavala , an HPD Internal Affairs officer he knew , and told Zavala that Starks was giving him a hard time .
He passed his cell phone to Starks , who told Zavala that Carnaby was acting strangely .
Zavala said he knew Carnaby and thought Carnaby was in the CIA , but that he was n't completely sure .
Before hanging up the phone , Starks said that he was going to write up an incident report and then let Carnaby go .
Zavala then called Carnaby back and relayed the news .
But Starks was not finished .
He called HPD 's Major Offenders Division and spoke to a sergeant , who then called an officer assigned to the department 's interjurisdictional squad with the FBI .
The officer told the sergeant that Carnaby was not a CIA agent and had done this type of thing in the past .
The sergeant told Starks to arrest Carnaby on traffic charges and confiscate the CIA badge for further investigation .
Starks walked up to Carnaby and told him to get out .
Carnaby refused .
" Do n't do this to me , " he said .
Then Carnaby took off .
He frantically called Zavala back .
" Hey Frank , I fucked up , " Carnaby said on his cell phone .
He said he was scared .
" This might be a setup . "
" Set up by whom ? " Zavala asked .
Carnaby was n't sure .
" Maybe the agency , " he said .
Zavala told Carnaby to pull over and obey the officer .
" I can 't , " Carnaby said , and hung up .
Carnaby sped onto Interstate 45 North and over to Interstate 10 and onto Houston 's West Loop .
By this time , several police cars were chasing him with sirens blaring while helicopters overhead taped the action for the TV news .
From the car , Carnaby made another call , this time to his friend of more than 15 years , Dennis Franks , a supervisory special agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigation in Houston .
Carnaby told Franks that he had shown Starks a CIA badge that he sometimes used but that the officer was uncooperative .
Franks kept telling Carnaby to pull over .
Carnaby said he was heading to the FBI field office and that he had to get himself out of the jam , but he was running low on gas .
Meanwhile , Starks had gotten off the police radio after telling his fellow officers that Carnaby might be an armed impersonator .
About 15 minutes into the high - speed chase , Carnaby took the Woodway exit off the 610 Loop .
He flew through a red light and drove south on the service road until finally coming to a sudden stop in the right lane near Buffalo Bayou .
Starks and the other officers slammed on their brakes and stopped just feet from Carnaby 's vehicle .
Carnaby had run out of gas .
After a few moments , supervising Sergeant Andrew Washington and Officer Cecil Foster ran over to the passenger 's side window of Carnaby 's Jeep and yelled for him to roll down the heavily tinted window .
At least one officer at the scene had left his siren on , and it was almost impossible for the officers to hear one another .
None of the cops used their loudspeakers .
Carnaby lowered the window slightly but refused to get out , and then rolled the window back up .
The next minute was chaos .
Officers were screaming , " Get back ; get back . "
One shouted , " He said he was CIA . "
Foster grabbed his baton with two hands and began swinging against the Jeep 's front passenger window .
It took five blows to shatter the glass .
Carnaby was on the phone with Franks , who could hear the window explode .
Then the line went dead .
In the same instant , Carnaby opened his door and placed his left leg on the pavement as Foster stuck his head and shoulders through the broken window with his gun pointed at Carnaby .
Officers yelled , " Hands up , hands up .
Get on the ground . "
While exiting the car , Carnaby bent over , as if he were trying to grab something underneath his seat or on the floorboard .
At the same time , Washington had made his way around the front of the Jeep over to Carnaby .
Two shots rang out .
One bullet , from Washington 's gun , landed in the door of the Jeep .
The other , from Foster , found its mark in Carnaby 's back .
The officers later claimed that they saw Carnaby grab a " dark and shiny object " that they thought was a gun .
It turned out to be his BlackBerry , which was lying next to Carnaby 's body as officers handcuffed him .
Bleeding badly , Carnaby began kicking out blindly .
His phone records show he tried frantically to make several calls , but was only able to push random digits .
He died before an ambulance could get him to the hospital .
Inside the Jeep , police found three guns and the book A Divided Life , about a British double agent who worked for Soviet Russia .
Immediately reporters started trying to figure out who Carnaby really was .
All the initial news stories had the same plot : HPD killed a man claiming to be CIA who was also the local chapter president of the national Association of Former Intelligence Officers .
Conspiracy theories flooded the Web , claiming the CIA or some foreign intelligence agency had assassinated Carnaby .
His friends and family swore Carnaby was the real McCoy and that he knew many CIA and FBI big shots , as well as a host of local law - enforcement officers .
But the CIA and FBI denied ever employing him , and HPD Chief Harold Hurtt and Harris County Sheriff Adrian Garcia publicly claimed they hardly knew the man .
Who was this guy ?
everyone wondered .
Was he really an international CIA officer , killed in a routine traffic stop in Texas ?
A year and a half later , the Houston Press has obtained new information in the form of depositions from former intelligence officers that appears to establish that Roland Carnaby was the real deal — at least for part of his life .
_____________________
Given that the nature of a spy is to live a secretive , double life filled with half - truths and contradictions , how then to determine whether someone is in fact an intelligence officer , an impostor , or perhaps a sometime spook who has embellished his résumé ?
After the shooting , U.S. intelligence agencies immediately distanced themselves from Roland Carnaby .
CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano , whose name appeared in Carnaby 's BlackBerry , said Carnaby was never a CIA officer or contract employee and that he had no memory of ever meeting or speaking with Carnaby .
FBI spokeswoman Shauna Dunlap also said that Carnaby was never an employee or contractor , as did Secret Service spokesman Darrin Blackford .
All three , however , said they could not confirm or deny whether Carnaby ever worked as an informant because , as Dunlap put it , " No one would give us information if we provided their names to the public . "
Gene Poteat , a former CIA officer , the president of AFIO and Carnaby 's boss at the national nonprofit organization based in McLean , Virginia , echoes the agencies ' claims .
" Roland came to us as a U.S. citizen , not a former intelligence officer , " he says , " and his application indicated that he did not claim to be a former intelligence officer .
Any U.S. citizen can join us . "
Hurtt has said he did not know Carnaby , and Harris County Sheriff 's Office spokeswoman Christina Garza says Garcia also did not know Carnaby — a statement in conflict with a deposition Garcia made after Carnaby 's death at the request of his widow 's attorneys .
In that deposition , Garcia said he did know Carnaby and that once , while dining at Morton 's Steakhouse with Carnaby , he saw Carnaby talk briefly with former president George H.W. Bush .
Throughout his life , Carnaby had amassed a number of CIA plaques , certificates and statues .
Former CIA officer David Addler , however , says he 's looked at them and determined they 're fakes .
" They 're clearly not legitimate , " he says .
" They have misspellings and some of them even have glue leaking out of them . "
There is a picture of Carnaby at the CIA headquarters in Virginia where he is standing behind a huge seal in the entrance to the compound .
Some of Carnaby 's friends , former intelligence officers , claim a person must have clearance in order to stand that far into the building .
Gimigliano , however , says that while that part of the building is not routinely open to the public , the CIA does allow many prearranged tours into the area for groups , including AFIO .
In 2003 , the Pearland Police Department filed a report from a woman claiming that Carnaby showed her a badge and tried to pull her over while she was driving .
Even Carnaby 's ex-wife , Paula Burch , told the Houston Chronicle that she doubted that Carnaby was in the CIA and that he told " very big , tall stories that were hard to believe . "
Based on these claims and on appearances , from Carnaby 's large spy novel collection to tales of his constant bragging , throwing knives into floors at restaurants and keeping a police strobe light in his Jeep , it seems Carnaby was an insecure man desperate to live out his fantasies of being a spy .
But then how to explain the depositions of two former intelligence officers — both friends of Carnaby — who say he was a player in the U.S. intelligence community ?
Michael Bechaud , formerly with the FBI , and James Napolitano , an ex-Secret Service officer , gave sworn statements during separate depositions following his death that they used Carnaby as a confidential informant .
According to Napolitano , the Secret Service tried to keep him from talking .
A Department of Justice lawyer was present during the depositions to make sure the men did not divulge classified information .
Bechaud , who worked as an FBI foreign counterintelligence officer for 25 years , said he first met Carnaby in 1992 through another U.S. intelligence agency that was using Carnaby as an informant .
In 1993 , Bechaud said , he too began using Carnaby to gather intelligence .
Their professional relationship lasted for two years .
" He would provide information generally about a hostile target that we had no ability of gaining otherwise because he was able to go into countries and speak languages that we couldn't , " said Bechaud .
" So he would find out things about targets of interest to us and report what he found out . "
Carnaby allegedly knew as many as seven languages .
Bechaud said Carnaby did not get paid for his work , but that the FBI reimbursed him for expenses .
The total amount Carnaby collected was $ 9,600 , he said .
In a letter to Bechaud , Carnaby outlined 18 investigations he allegedly worked on .
They included : two assassination attempts on the first President Bush , one in Kuwait and the other in London ; the 1993 World Trade Center bombing ; a Secret Service operation regarding an Iranian counterfeiting scheme called the " Super Note " case ; the alleged sale of classified information by a U.S. customs agent ; the shipment of nuclear materials from Russia to unfriendly nations ; the delivery of nuclear fuel rods to Syria and Iran ; Hamas terrorist activity and others .
Bechaud said he recalled Carnaby was involved in all of those but the Hamas case and one of the two Bush assassination attempts .
Napolitano , who said he retired from the Secret Service in 2008 , claims he met Carnaby in 1991 while working on a counterfeiting case .
He said a U.S. customs officer put the two men in touch and that Carnaby provided valuable information 85 to 90 percent of the time until they stopped working together in 1993 .
Napolitano said he'd tell Carnaby he needed information about some " bad guys " and " sure enough , a week later he'd have everything I needed to know : cars , who they were , what they were doing , what their activities were , what they did at night , where they spent their time and how they spent their time , " he said .
Carnaby provided " major information that led to the arrest or the seizures of a lot of different contraband items that made good cases for me . "
One case involved a group of Pakistanis who were trying to sell 55 kilos of cocaine for 100 million in counterfeit deutsche marks .
" Mr. Carnaby was able to help me out with who the players were and where they operated and how they worked , " Napolitano said .
" Because of his ethnic background ... he was very comfortable in the Islamic community to find out information that somebody like myself would never be able to find out . "
Another case , Napolitano claimed , involved Jim " Mattress Mack " McIngvale and actor Chuck Norris .
According to Napolitano :
In 1992 , a man contacted Carnaby claiming to be in the CIA .
At the time , Carnaby was doing " risky " work on a case for the Secret Service .
While wearing a wire , Carnaby met with the man , who said he had read classified documents that Napolitano had written and was trying to gather information about a few Houston cases .
Napolitano then arrested the man for impersonating a federal officer .
Later that day , while an officer was driving the man 's car back to the field office , he noticed a pair of documents on the front seat .
They were movie scripts .
It turned out that the man was a screenwriter who had illegally received classified information about Carnaby and Napolitano and had written two scripts about their clandestine activities .
The U.S. Attorney 's Office later prosecuted several people for peddling intelligence information .
Jim McIngvale was allegedly producing the movie , which was supposedly going to star Chuck Norris .
Prosecutors allegedly gave McIngvale immunity in exchange for his testimony against the federal agent who provided the writer with classified information , Napolitano said .
Norris was never implicated and did not know how the information that the script was based on had been gathered .
When contacted by the Press recently , McIngvale said , " I do n't know anything about that . "
Bechaud said that he stopped using Carnaby as an informant in 1994 because Carnaby 's information was becoming less credible and because Car­naby could not keep his mouth shut .
" Frequently we'd go to a bar and have some drinks and [ he 'd ] start telling people that he worked for different agencies , " said Bechaud .
" I was pretty much directed to not operate him anymore because it was getting to the point that we did n't know how many people knew who he might be providing information to or where it was coming from and that sort of thing . "
Still , Carnaby continued to send Bechaud information .
Bechaud believed Carnaby kept it up because he was a patriot and liked interacting with intelligence officers .
During his deposition , Napolitano said he thought Carnaby was an arrogant man .
When asked if Carnaby thought of himself as above the law , Napolitano said , " I think that he wanted to be immune from prosecuting [ sic ] because he liked to operate ... thinking that he could do certain things that other people could n't . "
_____________________
Roland Carnaby was born in Lebanon in 1955 .
His father , Vincent Said Karnabe ( Carnaby later changed the spelling of his last name ) , is the owner of a Beirut shipping company .
In the early 1980s , the elder Karnabe sent his son to New York City to work at a shipping line called Constellation Navigation to learn about the business , according to Carnaby 's mentor , Kevin Shields , who knew the family .
For a year , Carnaby lived in Greenwich Village and worked at the Woolworth building just blocks away from the World Trade Center .
" I know Roland 's godfather was one of the leaders in Lebanon , and I know that his father is very influential over there because of his former position in the government , " Shields says .
" His father had connections with every businessman in the country .
Anybody who wanted to see the president of Lebanon went through Karnabe Sr. , so he knew where every bit of money was being made , every bit of shipping was being done and how the ports worked .
He was presidential - like , a statesman . "
The Karnabes were also rich .
" The family certainly did n't have any problems with money , " says Shields .
" You got the impression that no matter what Roland wanted to do , the father would 've set him up with a business .
It would n't have been a question if Roland had said , ' I want a shoe store ' ; he would have bought him a shoe store .
It was as simple as that . "
After a brief marriage in New York , Carnaby moved to Texas in the mid-1980s and married Paula Burch , who now lives in Willis .
She declined to comment for this story .
They were married for several years , but divorced in 1992 .
At one point , Carnaby became a U.S. citizen .
His next wife , Susan , says she and Carnaby started dating just before his divorce from Burch was finalized .
Carnaby was a little man , 5 - foot - 4 , about 150 pounds , with slicked - back silver hair and a short black moustache .
He had dark , Middle - Eastern skin , and many people thought he was Italian .
In fact , his nickname was Tony Luciano .
But what he lacked in size he more than made up for in personality .
His wife and friends say he wore silk shirts , sports coats and lizard boots and would often say , " Do n't touch the hair . "
He is described as a gregarious , intense man with a temper and his own brand of humor .
For more than ten years , Carnaby hung out every day at his friend Alan Helfman 's Chrysler dealership in River Oaks , working on his computer and telling stories to Helfman 's employees and customers about his covert work for the intelligence community .
Sometimes he 'd even sing opera .
Carnaby was well liked by almost everyone and enjoyed showing off his latest police gadgets .
Helfman says that Carnaby was never without a gun and knife and was n't afraid to joke around with them , either .
During lunch one afternoon at Goode 's Armadillo Palace on Kirby Drive , Carnaby yanked out his knife and flipped it across the dining room , landing the blade straight in the floor , says Helfman .
When asked why he did it , Carnaby said , " Oh man , gotta sharpen my knife and make sure it works right . "
Another time , a Helfman salesman tried to pull a prank on Carnaby by turning off the lights while Carnaby was using the toilet .
Carnaby would have the last laugh , though , scaring the salesman when he loudly clicked a round into the chamber of his handgun in the dark .
" It was his way of making a joke , I think , " says Helfman .
Nearly everyone who knew Carnaby remembers him as a show - off .
Most say his stories and bluster were his way of compensating for a lack of confidence .
" He was insecure , " says Susan Carnaby .
" I always told him , ' Why are you always bragging so much ? '
I think it was because he was so short , like a Napoleonic complex or something . "
That streak in him continued right up until the end , says Jim Sullivan , who used to work at a Valero gas station on Memorial Drive .
He says Carnaby , who was a regular customer , came into the station the night before he was shot with a young blond woman on his arm , claiming to be the director of the CIA .
Sullivan says it looked like Carnaby was drunk .
Carnaby liked his whiskey , friends say , and he loved to socialize .
So it was a job made in heaven for him when he volunteered to be president of the Houston chapter of the Association of Former Intelligence Officers .
AFIO President Poteat , whose organization has roughly 5,000 members across the country and counts former President George H.W. Bush and former CIA Director James Woolsey among its honorary board members , says Carnaby was good at recruiting members and getting high - profile speakers to come to Houston .
" We considered [ his death ] a tragedy , " says Poteat .
" I spoke at a dinner once and was very impressed with who showed up . "
Carnaby was an insatiable networker and had scores of photos of himself hobnobbing with high - ranking intelligence officers and law - enforcement officials .
Records show that when he died , his BlackBerry was filled with names and contact information for dozens of politicians , judges and other luminaries such as the first President Bush , former CIA Deputy Director for Operations James Pavitt and Hall of Fame baseball pitcher Nolan Ryan .
Bush 's spokesman says the former president did not know Carnaby , Pavitt declined to comment and Ryan also says he did not know Carnaby .
After Carnaby died , Poteat says , the Houston chapter collapsed .
The last time Susan Carnaby saw her husband was two months before the shooting .
Prior to that it was at Christmas 2007 .
At the time of his death , Susan believed her husband was in Washington , D.C. , where he often traveled .
It was not unusual for Carnaby to leave his home for weeks or months at a time , says Susan .
And from the day they started dating through 11 years of marriage , she never asked questions .
" To me , " she says , " it was logical not to .
I just understood it to be that way . "
As it turned out , Carnaby was lying to Susan and was not in D.C.
He was in Houston , dining with friends and reportedly spending time with a local woman named Donna Baker , to whom he was allegedly engaged .
Carnaby 's friends say he told them that he was separating from his wife .
Baker declined to comment to the Press .
Susan had no idea Carnaby was in Houston the day he was shot or that he was supposedly planning to leave her .
She only found out when the media began reporting it hours after his death .
She had , however , been suspicious he might have been having an affair .
She says she confronted him once , but he denied it .
" I thought he was going through a midlife crisis , " says Susan .
" He was buying sports cars and wearing fancier jeans .
I figured , ' Well , we 'll be together until we 're 85 , so this is just a blip that we 'll get over . '
And then he was killed . "
Others , such as Helfman , say Carnaby was acting strangely in the days leading up to his death and looked " distraught . "
It seemed apparent that he was off his game when he ran into the cops that April morning along the highway .
_____________________
Despite the fact that Carnaby always told his wife Susan that if anything ever happened to him the intelligence agencies would deny any knowledge of him , Susan also began to doubt her husband and the life they 'd built together .
" I did n't know what to believe , " she says , tears rolling down her cheeks .
" Maybe he was just lying about everything , about what he did , who he was , and no one was publicly vouching for him .
People were just running from him .
It took me a long time to figure out they were lying . "
Following her husband 's death , Susan Carnaby started going through his papers and began learning more about her husband .
One of the first items she found was a copy of former CIA Director George Tenet 's autobiography , At the Center of the Storm .
On the title page was the inscription " Dear Tony aka ' RC ' . # 007
You have always stood side by side with me and I will never forget it .
We will always be brothers .
I 'll always have your back . "
Carnaby also had an e-mail allegedly from Tenet addressed to " RC " confirming a meeting together , signed " Regards and Be Safe .
GT . "
Tenet did not respond to questions from the Press sent to his employer , Allen & Company , a merchant bank in New York .
Susan Carnaby says she learned that her husband 's entrée into the intelligence community came through his Lebanese father .
Around 1983 , she claims , Carnaby 's dad had the only contract to deliver weapons from the United States to Lebanon .
" That 's how he got tied into the [ U.S. ] government , " she says .
" It was the beginning of the relationship as far as I know . "
That relationship allegedly continued into the 1990s .
Susan says she learned that Carnaby 's family company was shipping cars for an Iranian who was involved in a large - scale counterfeiting operation and implied that Carnaby began gathering and passing along information about it to the U.S. government .
Houston attorney Randall Kallinen says that he thinks at least one of these operations is still considered classified and asked that the Press not report them .
Three days after Carnaby 's death , Susan Carnaby filed a lawsuit in Houston federal court against officers Starks and Washington and the City of Houston .
She claims that the police violated Carnaby 's constitutional rights by using excessive force and that his death was caused by officers not following police department policy when they ran up to his Jeep after it had run out of gas .
Kallinen , who is handling Susan Carnaby 's case , says that the officers violated HPD 's high - risk vehicle - approach policy because they had been poorly trained .
He also claims that the written policy is too vague and that there is a pattern of officers disregarding and violating the policy .
In late August , U.S. Judge Keith P. ­Ellison dismissed Washington and Starks from the lawsuit .
Among his reasons , Ellison wrote in a court order that " in the moment [ Carnaby ] exited his vehicle with an object in his hand , Foster and Washington 's use of deadly force was reasonable . "
That decision was consistent with the determination made by HPD 's Internal Affairs Division shortly after the shooting .
That does not mean , however , that the cops did everything right .
Hurtt gave a written reprimand to Foster for not remaining behind cover and for going up to Carnaby 's Jeep without trying to talk with him first .
Hurtt also ruled that Washington did not supervise Foster properly , and suspended him for a day .
Ellison sided with HPD , stating that the officers should have done a better job approaching the car and communicating with Carnaby .
" If the officers had been behind cover and calling Mr. Carnaby out of the vehicle like they should have , " says Kallinen , " they would have been at a distance and there would have been no reason to be frightened at seeing a shiny object at that point .
There would 've been no sirens blaring , no window bashing and they would have just called him out and waited him out .
They created the situation and their practices caused it to happen . "
City Attorney Annie Teehan declined to comment , citing the pending lawsuit .
Although Ellison ruled that the individual officers are not liable , the City of Houston may still be held responsible .
Foster , Washington and Starks each admitted during separate depositions that when it came to HPD 's high - risk vehicle approach and motor vehicle pursuit policies , their training basically sucked .
Foster said that his training consisted of a slide show and a classroom exercise in which his instructor put four chairs together , had four officers play the bad guys and then attempted to show how to conduct a felony stop .
Foster said he did not think the training accurately represented real life and that it was not adequate for the situation he encountered with Carnaby .
Starks also said that the training he received was unrealistic and that pursuits are taught " mainly through word of mouth " and by showing videos , which is " not very effective . "
Starks said he had never been trained for a situation like the one he encountered with Carnaby , but thought the officers made the right decisions based on what was happening at the time .
As for waiting longer to try to talk to Carnaby before bashing in the window , Starks said no one had ever taught him that he had to wait a certain amount of time to establish communications with a suspect .
Washington echoed the other two officers , saying he did not feel properly trained in high - risk vehicle approaches , but added that he did not think it would help if HPD included specific instructions to try to talk to a suspect for a set amount of time prior to forcing the suspect out of a car .
He also said better training would not have resulted in a different outcome for Carnaby given the situation .
Kallinen argues that HPD officers have a pattern of violating police department policy , which has resulted in numerous unnecessary shootings .
In one case , according to HPD Internal Affairs records , officers were behind cover while a suspect who may have been armed was refusing to exit his car .
One of the officers then walked up near the suspect 's car , saw the man make an " overt movement " and shot the suspect .
Internal Affairs investigators concluded that the officer " had no justification for leaving " his protected spot and that " the fact that the suspect did not immediately show their hands and made overt movements inside the vehicle does not justify the use of deadly force . "
In another case , in which several officers fired a total of 31 shots at a suspect , Internal Affairs concluded that the officers violated the high - risk vehicle approach policy by walking up to the car of a possibly armed suspect while the suspect was still inside .
Kallinen says if Susan 's case goes to trial , he plans to show roughly ten such examples that he believes demonstrate a pattern of officers disregarding HPD 's policy , resulting in shootings .
" The danger that killed Roland Carnaby is due to poor training and a pattern and practice of this kind of behavior , and puts many other people in jeopardy , " says Kallinen .
" This did not end with Roland Carnaby , but will happen again . "
Susan insists she is not suing for just the money .
" Maybe this will embarrass HPD into cleaning up their act , " she says .
" If any good can come of Roland 's death , that would be it .
Someone has to keep an eye on the police . "
_____________________
A Google search of " Roland Carnaby " yields more than 27,000 hits .
That 's a lot of interest , a lot of unanswered questions and little final resolution .
Susan says it was very uncharacteristic of him to run from the police .
" He always loved and supported , brown - nosed even , the police department .
I do n't know what was in his mind that day . "
Kallinen speculates it may have been to protect sensitive information on his laptop computer .
" Maybe he did n't want it to fall into the wrong people 's hands , " he says .
Napolitano said in his deposition that Bechaud told him that Carnaby was working on a case for a federal intelligence agency the day he died .
" I do n't know what it was , " Napolitano said .
" But whatever it was was on his computer , and he was trying to get it to see Dennis Franks at the FBI . "
The FBI 's Franks declined to comment .
Kallinen says that the Secret Service took the laptop from HPD after the shooting and copied the hard drive .
Afterward , the City of Houston gave Kallinen an image of the hard drive .
" We talked to an expert , " Kallinen says , " who told us there 's no way to tell if they erased something .
There was not much information on the hard drive , less than we thought there would be . "
He says there was no information about a current investigation .
However , " the city knew we thought he ran to protect secrets in his laptop , so if the lawyers were sneaky they could 've excluded information and were working with the Secret Service . "
In the end , though , says Kallinen , " We 'll never know for certain what was in Roland Carnaby 's mind when he drove away . "
Other elements also remain a mystery , including the badge Carnaby showed Officer Starks .
Kallinen says he has not tried to authenticate it .
" What does it even mean if it was fake ? " he says .
" The judge said that issue is not that important . "
Another theory is that Carnaby was drunk or high when the police pulled him over .
The medical examiner 's autopsy , however , found no alcohol or drugs in Carnaby 's system .
Taken as a whole , the evidence seems to point to a man who was an informant at times , a brash braggadocio at others , who enjoyed the role of spy as much as he was one for real .
" He may have believed it as much as anybody else , " says Helfman .
Perhaps in death , Carnaby will finally get a small dose of the validation he seemed so desperately to want in life .
" Roland Carnaby was a patriot beyond all else , " says Kallinen , " and he put himself in grave danger for little or no money for his country .
And to ruin his reputation with this demonization is just insane .
The people need to know that he loved the police , and to drag his name through the mud after they shot him in the back , that 's a shame upon the Houston Police Department . "
Much of Carnaby 's life remains classified , as evidenced by the fact that the Justice Department attorney who attended Bechaud and Napolitano 's depositions interrupted the two men occasionally to remind them not to reveal certain information .
Internet conspiracy theorists can speculate all they want , but one thing seems fairly certain : Because Carnaby died in an unexpected , random incident and because the U.S. intelligence community is so tight - lipped , only a few guys wearing dark coats in Washington , D.C. may ever know the whole truth about Roland Carnaby .
" He was an interesting and outgoing person , " says his wife Susan .
" I think he was even more complex than I realized . "
chris.vogel@houstonpress.com
The Government 's drug advisory body is " fatally flawed " and should be rebuilt from scratch along the lines of the Bank of England , Professor David Nutt declared today .
Scientists advising politicians on the dangers of drugs should be as independent as the Bank of England officials who decide interest rates , he said .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The scientist at the centre of the drug advice row added that he was taking seriously an anonymous supporter 's offer to fund an alternative expert group that would operate without any interference from ministers .
And he said many of his former colleagues on the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) could resign en masse when they meet Health Secretary Alan Johnson for crisis talks next Tuesday .
Professor Nutt , who was sacked by Mr Johnson from his job as chairman of the ACMD over controversial remarks about cannabis , Ecstasy and LSD , said when asked about the advisory body 's future : " I think it 's frankly fatally flawed .
" I think it should be re-formed with a new structure with a much clearer demarcation of the reporting lines .
I do n't think it should report to a single minister , but to parliament or a panel of ministers .
" We should have a remodelled ACMD along the lines of the Bank of England , which has responsibility for making these decisions outside of government , just as happened with interest rates . "
Speaking to an audience of science and medical journalists in London , Professor Nutt stood by the comments that got him into trouble .
He added : " You 've got to tell the truth .
Of course I have regrets about the way the government has treated me . "
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
Professor Nutt was sacked after views he expressed in a lecture were published in a paper by the Centre for Crime and Justice at King 's College London .
He argued that Ecstasy and LSD were less harmful than alcohol and cigarettes , and criticised the government 's decision to upgrade the legal classification of cannabis from C to B .
One of his most controversial statements was that taking Ecstasy was no more risky than horse riding .
Derrick Price has been a town crier in Knighton man and boy
By Carl Yapp
BBC News
When Derrick Price was growing up his childhood ambition was not to be a town crier like his great - grandfather , grandfather and father .
He swore he would not follow in their footsteps in Knighton , Powys , and take on a role that had been in his family , at the time , for more than 100 years .
His dislike for town crying was forged in his early years when as a 10 - year - old he was forced to support his father in the town square .
He was even given his own little bell .
But when , in 1960 , his father died , his opposition ceased overnight .
Within a week of his father 's death he was out delivering his first cry .
Since then he 's been a fixture in Knighton and the surrounding areas , and has even performed duties at events overseas .
Next year will mark his 50th as an official town crier , but it 's fair to say he 's been in the role for more than six decades , man and boy .
My son is n't interested .. he has the same reaction to it as I did when I was younger
Derrick Price
At 74 , he is confident he has another 10 years of service in him .
But , rather worryingly , his son dislikes the thought of being a town crier as much as he did when he was a young man .
In short , the family dynasty is in danger of collapse .
When I met Mr Price in Knighton we happened across his son , and it was clear he was n't interested in what his father treasures .
Over a coffee in a nearby cafe , Mr Price told me it was as if history was repeating itself , and he confessed his only hope of keeping a town crier in the family were his granddaughters , who had shown an interest .
Mr Price said : " My son is n't interested .
He has the same reaction to it as I did when I was younger .
I do n't know if he 'll take it on when I retire ; it does n't look good , but I hope he does .
" Both my granddaughters come out with me as escorts , as my wife used to , so perhaps one of them will eventually take it on . "
As we walked down the street in Knighton , Mr Price , dressed in his official costume so I could take photographs , stopped and chatted to people .
Derrick Price 's grandfather ( L ) and father ( R ) at the turn of the 1900s
He enjoys his role as a figurehead in the town , and it 's obvious people in the community mean a great deal to him and him to them .
" I 'm the fourth generation of town crier in Knighton and I 've enjoyed every minute of it , " he said .
" But it was n't like that at the start .
My father made me do it and sometimes I did n't want to do it and I swore that when I was older that I would n't take it on .
" When father died in 1960 I was out within a week .
The national press and TV cameras turned up in Knighton because I was a fourth generation town crier .
" Despite my objection to the role , I felt it was natural to do it .
Now I think it 's one of the nicest things that 's ever happened to me .
" I have met some wonderful people , not just from this country , but from around the world . "
His efforts have been rewarded : last year he received the Ancient and Honourable Guild of Town Criers ' highest honour , and he was awarded an MBE in 2004 .
Derrick Price took over from his father as town crier in 1960
His role is essentially ceremonial , but when his great - grandfather , grandfather and father were town criers it was an official position with responsibilities .
As well as making traditional announcements , in years gone by the town crier was a bailiff , would wake workers in the mornings , and light the town 's gas lamps .
In the mid-1800s his great - grandfather was even responsible for announcing the auctions of women in Knighton .
Yes , women .
Such an auction would be incongruous now , but it was a means of divorce in the 1800s .
" It was common to sell your wife in Knighton between 1843 and 1854 outside the town clock , " he explained .
" The last woman was sold for a shilling and my great - grandfather was the last town crier to announce the last sale .
" Men unhappy with their wives would lead them by a lanyard to the town clock . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK -- Aroldis Chapman simply left his room at the Domina Hotel in Rotterdam in July and went down to the lobby .
The Cuban pitcher 's defection during a tournament in the Netherlands lacked any of the drama a movie script writer would want .
" It was pretty straightforward , " he recalled .
" I just walked out of the hotel , got in the car and left . "
Separated from his parents , sisters , girlfriend and an infant daughter he 's never seen , the 21 - year - old left - hander with a 100 - mph fastball embarked for a career in the major leagues .
He is being courted by the New York Yankees and Mets , the Boston Red Sox and likely other clubs .
Team executives say figures of $ 15 million to $ 50 million have been mentioned , but no one really is sure of a possible price for a pitcher who has never been on a U.S. professional team .
" He 's a once - every - 40 - years player , " Chapman 's agent , Edwin Mejia , said .
Chapman was all blinged out during a 45 - minute interview Thursday at the office of The Associated Press , wearing a large , shiny watch and gleaming earrings .
He gained attention during the World Baseball Classic in March , when he pitched well against Australia and badly against Japan .
Then he contacted a friend from Cuba before the World Port Tournament , an event that included the national teams of Cuba and the Netherlands , and Japanese and Taiwanese teams that mixed minor leaguers and industrial players .
Afraid of leaks , he did n't tell any of his family members -- not even pregnant girlfriend Raidelmis Mendosa Santiestelas -- that he intended to defect .
" I only spent one hour at the hotel thinking about what to do .
I made the decision , stepped away from the hotel and got into the car , " he said .
" Everything was planned from a few months before the tournament .
I discussed the idea with a friend and made the decision to do it -- never thought about doing it during the Classic .
It was something that I was seeking before the Classic , but I did n't want to do it in the Classic . "
He spoke by telephone with his family within a day of his defection , and he 's spoken with them frequently .
His daughter , Ashanti Brianna , was born a few days before he walked out of the Rotterdam hotel and started a journey that led him through Spain and to tiny Andorra in the Pyrenees , where Chapman established the residency that allowed him to become a free agent under baseball 's rules .
If he had become a U.S. resident , he would have become subject to the amateur draft .
Cuban pitchers have been successful in the major leagues , although none has risen to the elite group in recent years .
Half - brothers Livan Hernandez ( 156-151 ) and Orlando Hernandez ( 90 - 65 ) , and Jose Contreras ( 71 - 63 ) have achieved the most fame in the past decade .
When asked which pitcher he most resembles , Chapman did n't pick one of his countrymen but instead said 6 - foot - 10 left - hander Randy Johnson .
Chapman got a short taste of what the major leagues are like when he sat in the stands last month for Game 6 of the AL Championship Series at Yankee Stadium .
" I would think of what pitch would I throw this batter and things of that sort , " he said .
" There were many that were the same as what I was thinking .
There were a few that were n't , but not all pitchers are the same and some think differently .
I can maybe depend on my fastball a little more than some other pitchers . "
He showed a raw talent at the WBC , where he was 0 - 1 with a 5.68 ERA in two appearances .
He struck out eight but walked four in 6 1/3 innings , allowing four runs and six hits .
Although his stats were mediocre , his fastball impressed .
He says he also throws a curveball , slider , changeup and splitter .
" My best pitch is my fastball , " he said confidently .
" It 's probably the most difficult pitch to hit .
In my case , batters have very little reaction time . "
Yet , he knows there is work to be done .
" I feel that I need to improve a bit my control , but not so in the execution of the pitches , " he said .
" I feel that I have sufficient repertoire to pitch in the major leagues .
I do n't foresee problems to play in the major leagues . "
He also knows he 'll have to prove himself again on the spring training fields of Florida or Arizona .
" If a team wants me to go to the minors to get ready and prepare , that 's what I 'm going to do and I will show that I should be pitching in the major leagues , " he said .
He was a first baseman primarily until he was 15 or 16 , when a school pitching coach suggested he convert .
By the 2005 season , he was 18 and pitching for Holguin in the Cuban national league .
Chapman is expecting one very big difference in the major leagues -- one he 's already noticed while in New York the past few weeks .
" I do n't like the cold , " he said .
" But as along as you warm up properly and you build up a nice sweat and keep your body warm , your arm warm and loose , you should be fine . "
As far as the fans , he says they 're pretty much the same , except for the language .
" They 're loud .
They yell things at you , " he said .
" I just do n't know what they 're saying here . "
Nearly 600,000 jobless Californians could run out of unemployment benefits by April unless Congress extends a series of special assistance measures that expire at the end of December , says the National Employment Law Project .
The 65 percent federal subsidy for Cobra benefits will also expire at year 's end , said the Law Project and allied groups at a press conference Monday in Washington .
Law Project chief Christine Owens said that nearly half of those now enrolled in the health insurance program could lose coverage unless the Cobra subsidy is reauthorized and extended .
Unemployment benefits normally last a maximum of 26 weeks and laid - off workers typically pay for continuing their old employment - based health insurance under Cobra .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
But under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , or the Obama stimulus plan , Congress allocated $ 40 billion to make unemployment benefits available for up to 79 weeks , and another $ 25 billion to subsidize Cobra .
Lawmakers recently added up to 20 weeks of unemployment checks , for a total of 99 weeks of benefits in California .
But those provisions expire at the end of December , and the groups holding Monday 's press conference said that by the end of March , about 3 million Americans are projected to exhaust their benefits as the unemployment coverage maximum reverts to 26 weeks .
Making 99 weeks of unemployment benefits available throughout 2010 would cost about $ 85 billion , and extending the Cobra subsidy could be another $ 25 billion decision , said a Capitol Hill source .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has said she wants to extend both programs before the end of the year .
New bills H.R. 4183 and S. 2381 would address jobless benefits .
According to the US Department of Justice , over 2,000 children are reported missing every day .
And while most of them do n't stay missing for that long , it 's a terrifying experience for any parent or guardian to go through .
For the past quarter century , the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children , a private non-profit established by Congress , has acted as a resource for people who have lost a child .
One of cool things the Center does is age progression — the creation of computer rendered images that show what a child might look like now .
We saw this most recently with the horrible case of Jaycee Dugard , who was kidnapped in 1991 by a sick criminal who kept her captive and raped her for 18 years .
Last week , People Magazine revealed the first real photo of Dugard at her current age , and it was strikingly similar to the age progressed photo that the NCMEC had created .
The NCMEC has a 97 % recovery rate of all missing children reported to it , with over 900 safely returned children whose age progressed photos were advertised on TV and on milk cartons .
So how do they do it ?
Turns out there 's a small team of retired forensic detectives using Photoshop and fine art skills to re-imagine what these children might look like as they grow older .
Joseph Carson was abducted by his non-custodial dad as a toddler and was missing for about five years when a customer at an auto parts store saw that a PSA showing his age progressed image was strikingly similar to a kid who just happened to be in the store at that exact time .
Glen Miller , NCMEC :
I supervise the forensic imaging unit here at the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children .
I 'm a retired police forensic artist — I 've been here since 1992 .
As a detective in the police force , I often created composites from witness memories of bank robbers and rapists .
Here at the Center , the emphasis is on aging faces of long - term missing children .
It 's different than working from memory , but there is n't a software available that automatically ages photos .
When a child goes missing , we usually get a photo with the report .
As time goes on , though , the photo becomes less and less valuable , especially if the child was very young when he went missing .
That 's where age progression comes in .
To come up with the best possible progressed image , we begin with a photo of the child and of the biological parent &mdash the father if it's a little boy , the mother at if it 's a girl — at the age that the child would now be .
My colleague Joe Mullins worked on the most recent image of Jaycee .
He had to study 11 - year old Jaycee 's face closely , and become familiar with all her unique features — the eyes , the eyelids , the shape of the nose .
80 % of likeness is recognizable in the eyes .
We 're constantly dealing with the subtleties of aging .
What makes someone appear 15 and not 29 ?
He battled that while holding onto the unique facial qualities that set Jaycee apart .
When Jonathan Ortiz was just two years old , his mom ran off with him to Guadalajara Mexico , after attempting to kill his dad by feeding him a milkshake laced with pesticide .
She was arrested and extradited back to the US eight years later , but Jonathan was n't with her .
Here , you can see that the age progressed image of 10 - year old Jonathan ( middle ) created from a photo of him as a one - year old is quite similar to the actual photo taken ( far left ) when he was found — especially around the mouth .
Tailoring Our Approach Based On Your Unique Needs
At Wright Abshire , located in the Greater Houston area , we understand that you have questions about your future .
Maybe you worry about being able to afford quality long - term care , or maybe you have concerns about the financial well - being of your adult child with disabilities .
We are committed to helping you address the concerns keeping you up at night .
We do more than simply draft and review estate planning documents .
We focus on getting to know you and providing personalized solutions for your specific needs .
Whether you want to establish a trust , plan for Medicaid , care for a parent with dementia , or secure veterans benefits , we take the mystery out of the legal process .
Contact our estate planning and elder law attorneys to learn how we can help you plan for the future .
Our legal team offers consultations at our three office locations conveniently located in Bellaire , The Woodlands and Carmine , Texas .
Certified Elder Law And Estate Planning Attorneys Working For You
Partners Wesley E. Wright and Molly Dear Abshire are certified in Elder Law .
This certification recognizes our commitment to staying fully informed of the law , so we can deliver unwavering support and representation to you .
Take existing films , books , video games , whatever and remake them as porn movies .
Those naughty porny - people have been doing this , badly , for years .
Show them how to do it properly .
Please keep the covers Safe For Work * .
Stuff that we could happily sell in Woolworths - assuming we still had a woolworths .
* this is where the challenge lies thanks to spakmitten for the suggestion
( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 13:57 ) still openTake existing films , books , video games , whatever and remake them as porn movies .
Those naughty porny - people have been doing this , badly , for years .
Show them how to do it properly ..
Stuff that we could happily sell in Woolworths - assuming we still had a woolworths . ( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 13:57 )
Pages : 29 , 28 , 27 , 26 , 25 , 24 , 23 , 22 , 21 , 20 , 19 , 18 , 17 , 16 , 15 , 14 , 13 , 12 , 11 , 10 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 ( or see the latest posts )
Verging on sick
( , Sat 3 Oct 2009 , 15:09 , ( , Sat 3 Oct 2009 , 15:09 , More
I 'm not afraid of no Goatse !
( , Fri 2 Oct 2009 , 10:48 , ( , Fri 2 Oct 2009 , 10:48 , More
nicely done , though
( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 23:35 , ( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 23:35 , More
I 'll just add this here
( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 14:19 , ( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 14:19 , More
Look at his little face ...
( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 18:08 , ( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 18:08 , More
E-JA-CU -LATE !
Not bindun yet ?
( , Sun 4 Oct 2009 , 21:16 , Not bindun yet ? ( , Sun 4 Oct 2009 , 21:16 , More
bindun ?
( , Sat 3 Oct 2009 , 18:38 , ( , Sat 3 Oct 2009 , 18:38 , More
Evening .
( , Sun 4 Oct 2009 , 19:41 , ( , Sun 4 Oct 2009 , 19:41 , More
I 'm back from China \o /
What did I miss ?
( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 17:57 , What did I miss ? ( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 17:57 , More
Yiff !
EDIT : Have just discovered this syncs up well with " I Remember " by Deadmau5 and Kaskade
( , Sat 3 Oct 2009 , 18:22 , EDIT : Have just discovered this syncs up well with " I Remember " by Deadmau5 and Kaskade ( , Sat 3 Oct 2009 , 18:22 , More
Quick and oh so dirty ...
( , Fri 2 Oct 2009 , 16:20 , ( , Fri 2 Oct 2009 , 16:20 , More
This is n't shopped , can I still compo it ?
: D
( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 20:12 , :D( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 20:12 , More
Hahaha
Again , I would ask for pictures containing real genitals to be linked .
( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 20:07 , Again , I would ask for pictures containing real genitals to be linked . ( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 20:07 , More
Seeing as I 'm already going to Hull ...
( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 19:24 , ( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 19:24 , More
...
( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 14:55 , ( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 14:55 , More
More TOAP
( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 15:08 , ( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 15:08 , More
' Noons .
( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 15:01 , ( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 15:01 , More
Pearoast for compo
Can I just slip this in quietly ?
I work up something special and original later
( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 14:53 , Can I just slip this in quietly ?
I work up something special and original later ( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 14:53 , More
Hahaha
( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 20:33 , ( , Thu 1 Oct 2009 , 20:33 , More
Springcrotch
( , Tue 6 Oct 2009 , 13:37 , ( , Tue 6 Oct 2009 , 13:37 , More
A 'MONSTER ' great white shark measuring up to 6 metres long is prowling a popular beach after biting another great white almost in half .
Swimmers were warned to stay out of the water off Stradbroke Island after the shark mauled another smaller great white which had been hooked on a baited drum line .
The 3 m great white was almost bitten in half .
The fictional shark at the centre of the Steven Spielberg blockbuster Jaws was estimated to be more than 1.5 metres longer .
' It certainly opened up my eyes .
I mean the shark that was caught is a substantial shark in itself , ' says Jeff Krause of Queensland Fisheries .
The great white , the most dangerous creature in the sea , was still alive when hauled onto a boat near Deadman 's Beach off north Stradbroke island .
News of the shocking attack on the smaller shark has sent jitters along the Queensland coast from Stradbroke Island , near Brisbane , to the Sunshine Coast further north down to the tourist mecca of Surfers Paradise , south of Brisbane .
' Whatever attacked and took chunks out of this big shark must be massive , ' said 19 - year - old surfer Ashton Smith .
' I 've heard about the big one that 's lurking out there somewhere .
' We 're all being very , very cautious . '
Mr John Gooding , who operates a charter fishing boat , said sharks were everywhere , although there appeared to be no specific reason for an increase in the number .
' Some days you struggle to get a fish on to the boat before the sharks take them , ' he told the Courier Mail newspaper .
Many of the popular beaches in Queensland are protected by nets and what are known as drumlines - a series of baited hooks that hang from buoys placed in a line about 500 yards from beaches .
Since the net and drumline programme was introduced in Queensland there has been only one fatal attack on a protected beach .
The relatively recent attack occurred when 21 - year - old student Sarah Whiley was killed off Stradbroke Island three years ago .
The Queensland State Government has been under pressure in recent weeks to scale down the shark net and drumline programme because environmentalists say that whales and other big fish are becoming trapped in the nets .
But Fisheries Minister Tim Mulherin said the capture of the badly injured 3.5 m shark - and the indication of a much larger one being in the area - showed the necessity to keep the nets and drumlines in place .
Darren Kindleysides , director of the Australian Marine Conservation Society , said the nets were working but at huge cost to whales , dolphins and turtles .
And Vic Hislop , an internationally - recognised authority on sharks , also believes the nets should be removed and other methods explored to scare away the predators .
Originally published as Monster shark bites great white in half
If you ’re looking to haggle , steer clear of big , beefy salesmen .
The same hormone responsible for their brawn may also reduce their generosity , new research suggests .
“ Our broad conclusion is that testosterone causes men essentially to be stingy , ” says Karen Redwine , a neuro - economist at Whittier College in California , who presented the work at the Society for Neuroscience ’s annual meeting in Chicago last week .
A previous study of 17 City of London traders found that morning testosterone levels correlated with each day ’s gains and losses , with more of the hormone associated with a profit .
But that study did n’t establish a cause - effect relationship between testosterone and shrewdness .
To make this case , Redwine and her colleague Paul Zak , at the Claremont Graduate University in California , gave a testosterone - containing gel to 25 male university students , and then tested their generosity .
All the participants also got a placebo cream with no testosterone , either a few days before or after the testosterone boost .
Neither the researchers nor the participants knew which was which until the end of the study .
Advertisement
Power gel
The testosterone cream worked .
The next day , twice as much of the potent sex hormone coursed through the veins of volunteers , on average .
The students then played a simple economic game with another participant via a computer .
One volunteer is tasked with splitting $ 10 with another volunteer in any way he likes .
The other volunteer either accepts the offer or rejects it as unfair , in which case no one gets any money .
Each volunteer played this game in both roles , on and off the testosterone gel .
Overall , the testosterone cream caused a 27 per cent reduction in the generosity of the offers , from averages of $ 2.15 to $ 1.57 , Redwine and Zak found .
A more potent variant of testosterone , dihydrotestosterone ( DHT ) , exerted an even stronger influence on behaviour .
Men with the most DHT in their bloodstream offered their partners a paltry $ 0.55 of the $ 10 , while men with the least amount of DHT tendered $ 3.65 , on average .
DHT was also associated with a propensity to punish unfair offers .
Men with the highest levels rejected offers below $ 4 , while men with low levels of the androgen only punished if the offer was below $ 2.15 , the researchers found .
Selfish hormones
There are two ways of looking at the findings , Redwine says .
On one hand , testosterone pushed men to demand a larger split of the money , whether they were making an offer or deciding to accept or reject one .
Yet by rejecting unfair offers , testosterone - fuelled volunteers are actually enforcing a social order that calls for a 50 - 50 split .
“ People are selfish , but they ’re selfless as well , and it ’s not understood why the behaviour shifts , ” she says .
One biological factor could be the dynamics between testosterone and another hormone called oxytocin .
Sometimes called the cuddle chemical , oxytocin also influences generosity .
In a 2007 study , Zak ’s team found that oxytocin administration boosted generosity in the same game by 80 per cent .
Redwine notes that testosterone blocks the action of oxytocin in the brain .
“ It ’s possible that by creating these alpha males we actually inhibited oxytocin , ” she says .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A demonstrator in Turkey has thrown a shoe at the head of the International Monetary Fund , Dominique Strauss - Kahn , in a protest similar to that against US president , George Bush , in Iraq in 2008 .
The man was part of a group protesting at IMF involvement in Turkish politics .
Turkey , which is hosting the IMF and World Bank annual meetings , has been negotiating for a possible new loan from the fund .
Sexually transmitted infection , HPV , causes most cases of cervical cancer Having sex at an early age can double the risk of developing cervical cancer , a study of 20,000 women suggests .
The investigation into why poorer women have a higher risk of the disease found they tended to have sex about four years earlier than more affluent women .
Previously , it had been thought the disparity was the result of low screening uptake in poorer areas .
The International Agency for Research on Cancer findings are published in the British Journal of Cancer .
Although the difference in cervical cancer incidence between rich and poor - across the world - had been noted for many years , it was not clear why this is the case .
Especially as rates of infection with human papillomavirus ( HPV ) - the sexually transmitted infection linked with the vast majority of cervical cancers - seemed to be similar across all groups .
The study confirmed that the higher rates of cervical cancer were not linked to higher HPV levels .
Although women can be infected by HPV at any age , infections at a very young age may be especially dangerous as they have more time to cause damage that eventually leads to cancer
Dr Lesley Walker , Cancer Research UK
But what it did reveal is that the two - fold increased risk was largely explained by women from poorer backgrounds starting to have sex at a younger age .
The age at which a woman had her first baby was also an important factor .
Screening was found to have some effect on the level of risk .
But the number of sexual partners a woman has and smoking did not account for any of the difference .
Lag time Study leader , Dr Silvia Franceschi , said the findings were not restricted to adolescence and the risk of cervical cancer was also higher in women who had their first sexual intercourse at 20 rather than 25 years .
" In our study , poorer women had become sexually active on average four years earlier .
" So they may have also been infected with HPV earlier , giving the virus more time to produce the long sequence of events that are needed for cancer development . "
Dr Lesley Walker , director of cancer information at Cancer Research UK , said the study raised some interesting questions .
" Although women can be infected by HPV at any age , infections at a very young age may be especially dangerous as they have more time to cause damage that eventually leads to cancer .
" Importantly , the results back up the need for the HPV vaccination to be given in schools at an age before they start having sex , especially among girls in deprived areas . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In its strongest statement yet , the Obama administration condemned a homophobic Ugandan bill that would carry a death sentence for acts of homosexuality in some cases .
“ The president strongly opposes efforts , such as the draft law pending in Uganda , that would criminalize homosexuality and move against the tide of history , ” read the White House statement that came late Friday in response to an inquiry from The Advocate .
The bill in question would extend the punishment for engaging in gay sex to life imprisonment and introduce the death penalty for those who do so repeatedly or while HIV - positive — acts termed " aggravated homosexuality ” within the bill .
( There have been reports that the bill is being revised to remove life imprisonment and the death penalty as punishments . )
According to reporting by Jim Burroway at Box Turtle Bulletin , the tide may be starting to turn on the bill .
A senior adviser to Ugandan president Yoweri Museveni penned an opinion piece Friday in the state - run newspaper that referred to the measure as " draconian " and concluded , " Hunting down people for same - sex love , I believe to be a sin , against Love , one of God ’s greatest gifts to mankind .
( I say all this without being a homosexual . )
Parliament should not pass this Bill . "
The White House statement came on the heels of a week flooded with conservatives who took strong stands against the legislation .
Obama supporter and evangelical pastor Rick Warren called on Ugandan religious leaders to stand against the measure .
" The freedom to make moral choices , and our right to free expression are gifts endowed by God.
Uganda is a democratic country with a remarkable and wise people , and in a democracy everyone has a right to speak up .
For these reasons , I urge you , the pastors of Uganda , to speak out against the proposed law , " Warren said in a video address .
Republican senator Tom Coburn of Oklahoma , a leading conservative in the Senate , said , “ Over the past two decades , political , religious , and community leaders in Uganda have united to promote a rare , winning strategy against HIV that addresses the unique and common risks of every segment of society .
Sadly , some who oppose Uganda ’s common - sense ABC strategy are using an absurd proposal to execute gays to undermine this coalition and winning strategy .
Officials in Uganda should come to their senses and take whatever steps are necessary to withdraw this proposal that will do nothing but harm a winning strategy that is saving lives . ”
Though the White House had been silent on the Uganda issue until Friday , the State Department sent warning signals last week .
On the eve of World AIDS Day , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said , " We have to stand against any efforts to marginalize and criminalize and penalize members of the LGBT community worldwide . "
But Clinton stopped short of specifically referring to the Uganda measure .
Later that week the State Department reportedly issued " guidance " on the bill that read , “ We are disturbed by violence , harassment , discrimination , exclusion , stigmatization and prejudice that are directed against persons in all countries in the world because of sexual orientation or gender identity .
We condemn human rights violations based on sexual orientation or gender identity wherever they occur .
We urge states to take all the necessary measures to ensure that sexual orientation or gender identity may under no circumstances be the basis for criminal penalties — in particular , execution arrest or detention .
If adopted a bill further criminalizing homosexuality would constitute a significant step backwards for the protection of human rights in Uganda . ”
Lawyer : Ruling places executive officials ‘ above the law ’
A Canadian citizen who was wrongly identified as a terrorist suspect and reportedly tortured in a Syrian prison for nearly a year after US authorities sent him there has lost his bid to sue the US government .
In a 7 to 4 decision , judges on the 2nd US Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that Maher Arar , a Syrian - born Canadian engineer , cannot sue the Justice Department because the lawsuit would “ offend the separation of powers and inhibit this country ’s foreign policy , ” the judges stated .
ADVERTISEMENT
In September , 2002 , as he headed home to Canada from a vacation , Arar was detained by US authorities at New York ’s JFK Airport on suspicion of links to terrorism .
After 12 days in US custody , Arar was put on a plane to Syria , the country of his birth , where he says he spent a more than ten months in a “ grave - like ” cell being interrogated and tortured before being sent home at Canada ’s request .
Subsequent investigations found Arar had been wrongly flagged as a terrorist suspect by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police , because he had acted as a reference on an apartment rental application for another individual who was under surveillance in Canada .
It also emerged that Canada ’s spy agency suspected the US would likely send him to abroad to be tortured .
In 2004 , Arar was the first person to sue the US over the practice of “ extraordinary rendition , ” a program that sent terrorist suspects to countries where they could be tortured within the confines of the local law .
Arar named the Justice Department and then - Attorney General John Ashcroft in his lawsuit .
The Circuit Court ’s decision “ leaves the federal officials involved free of any legal accountability for what they did , ” the Center for Constitutional Rights said in a statement released Monday .
The CCR is representing Arar in his legal actions against the US government .
“ This decision says that US officials can intentionally send a man to be tortured abroad , bar him from any access to the courts while doing so , and then avoid any legal accountability thereafter , ” said attorney David Cole , who argued the case before the court .
“ It effectively places executive officials above the law , even when accused of a conscious conspiracy to torture . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In 2006 , a Canadian commission of inquiry issued a report ( PDF ) stating that “ there is no evidence to indicate that Mr. Arar has committed any offence or that his activities constitute a threat to the security of Canada . ”
Arar has had better luck extracting justice from the Canadian government than he has from the US government .
In 2006 , Canada agreed to pay him $ 10 million for his suffering , and issued a formal apology .
The US has not followed suit , and the Justice Department continued to claim that Arar was a risk to the US , despite being cleared by the very authorities who alerted them .
The Justice Department has since argued that Arar was sent to Syria based on an “ internal threat assessment , ” and not on the faulty information handed them by Canada .
ADVERTISEMENT
Arar released the following statement on Monday : “ Unfortunately , this recent decision and decisions taken on other similar cases prove that the court system in the United States has become more or less a tool that the executive branch can easily manipulate through unfounded allegations and fear mongering .
If anything , this decision is a loss to all Americans and to the rule of law . ”
The Associated Press reported :
ADVERTISEMENT
At stake in the lawsuit was the court ’s role in reviewing the practice of “ extraordinary rendition ” in which someone suspected of supporting terrorism is transferred to a foreign nation for imprisonment and interrogation without formal charges , trial or court approval .
The appeals court said it was hesitant to create “ a new damages remedy that Congress has not seen fit to authorize . ”
It added : “ Even the probing of these matters entails the risk that other countries will become less willing to co-operate with the United States in sharing intelligence resources to counter terrorism . ”
The Center for Constitutional Rights noted that not all judges agreed with the ruling .
In a dissenting opinion , Judge Guido Calabresi wrote , “ I believe that when the history of this distinguished court is written , today ’s majority decision will be viewed with dismay . ”
And this becomes particularly important when the purpose of military action extends beyond self - defense or the defense of one nation against an aggressor .
More and more , we all confront difficult questions about how to prevent the slaughter of civilians by their own government , or to stop a civil war whose violence and suffering can engulf an entire region .
I believe that force can be justified on humanitarian grounds , as it was in the Balkans , or in other places that have been scarred by war .
Inaction tears at our conscience and can lead to more costly intervention later .
That 's why all responsible nations must embrace the role that militaries with a clear mandate can play to keep the peace .
America 's commitment to global security will never waver .
But in a world in which threats are more diffuse , and missions more complex , America can not act alone .
America alone cannot secure the peace .
This is true in Afghanistan .
This is true in failed states like Somalia , where terrorism and piracy is joined by famine and human suffering .
And sadly , it will continue to be true in unstable regions for years to come .
The leaders and soldiers of NATO countries , and other friends and allies , demonstrate this truth through the capacity and courage they 've shown in Afghanistan .
But in many countries , there is a disconnect between the efforts of those who serve and the ambivalence of the broader public .
I understand why war is not popular , but I also know this :
The belief that peace is desirable is rarely enough to achieve it .
Peace requires responsibility .
Peace entails sacrifice .
That 's why NATO continues to be indispensable .
That 's why we must strengthen U.N. and regional peacekeeping , and not leave the task to a few countries .
That 's why we honor those who return home from peacekeeping and training abroad to Oslo and Rome ; to Ottawa and Sydney ; to Dhaka and Kigali -- we honor them not as makers of war , but of wagers -- but as wagers of peace .
Let me make one final point about the use of force .
Even as we make difficult decisions about going to war , we must also think clearly about how we fight it .
The Nobel Committee recognized this truth in awarding its first prize for peace to Henry Dunant -- the founder of the Red Cross , and a driving force behind the Geneva Conventions .
Where force is necessary , we have a moral and strategic interest in binding ourselves to certain rules of conduct .
And even as we confront a vicious adversary that abides by no rules , I believe the United States of America must remain a standard bearer in the conduct of war .
That is what makes us different from those whom we fight .
That is a source of our strength .
That is why I prohibited torture .
That is why I ordered the prison at Guantanamo Bay closed .
And that is why I have reaffirmed America 's commitment to abide by the Geneva Conventions .
We lose ourselves when we compromise the very ideals that we fight to defend .
( Applause . )
And we honor -- we honor those ideals by upholding them not when it 's easy , but when it is hard .
I have spoken at some length to the question that must weigh on our minds and our hearts as we choose to wage war .
But let me now turn to our effort to avoid such tragic choices , and speak of three ways that we can build a just and lasting peace .
English whisky bottled for first time in a century
James Nelstrop said the drink was the product of a family " dream "
The first single malt made in England for about a century has attracted the interest of UK whisky enthusiasts .
St George 's Distillery , a family - run Norfolk company , is behind the drink .
Managing Director James Nelstrop said production of the whisky , which is being sold for £ 35 a bottle , was the culmination of a " 45 - year - old dream " .
The distillery was built in Roudham , south Norfolk , in 2006 , and now , after three years maturing its first batch , it has produced whisky .
Mr Nelstrop , who is a farmer , explained that he had fulfilled an ambition handed down to him from a previous generation .
" My father was a barley farmer who always said it should be something we should do , " he said .
" Barley has historically been sent from here to Scotland to make whisky , this was a 45 - year - old dream and we 've done it . "
The single malt is not chill - filtered or coloured , so is paler in colour than other forms of whisky .
Some 2,000 decanter - style bottles have already been ordered by collectors .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The image of St George slaying a dragon on the label highlights the drink 's English credentials .
And Mr Nelstrop believes the drink 's English heritage provides an alternative to Scotch whisky .
He told the BBC's Mike Cartwright : " There is fabulous Scotch out there and there is also some that is very average .
" I 'm afraid there are people who think if it is not made in Scotland then it is not worth buying or drinking and that is absolute rot .
" This year we expect to sell in the region of 2,500 bottles , next year around 45,000 .
" All the evidence is that we will beat our targets this year and next on the basis we 're already sending material to Canada , Japan , France and Germany . "
In order for their £ 3.5 m investment to be a success , the company will need to sell around 100,000 bottles a year .
' World whisky family '
The Scotch Whisky Association confirmed it was the first time English whisky had been produced for a century .
It said there were distilleries in London , Liverpool and Bristol in the late 19th Century .
A Scotch Whisky Association spokesman said : " It is testament to the global success of Scotch that other countries are also looking to make whisky and we welcome our Norfolk friends to the world whisky family .
" With record investment in Scotch Whisky at the moment , there is real optimism across the sector about growing opportunities .
New distilleries are being opened , old distilleries expanded , and silent stills brought back into production . "
Despite the breakthrough , England still has a long way to go before catching up with Scotland .
The spokesman said there are 109 distilleries in Scotland , one in Northern Ireland and one in Wales .
Five new distilleries have opened in Scotland since 2005 and another seven are currently planned .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It may have been a foregone conclusion , but Dylan Baker himself confirmed the good news that he would indeed be reprising his role as Peter Parker ’s one - armed Professor / mentor , during a Q&A for Mike Dougherty ’s “ Trick - r - Treat ” ( which , by the way , everyone should see , because it ’s awesome ) .
While Dr. Connors has appeared in minor roles in the first two Spidey flicks , usually with fewer lines than Bruce Campbell , there has been constant chatter on the interwebs that this may be the film where we finally see Connors transform into the vicious Lizard .
For a few more details on what was said at the Q&A , change out your web cartridge and hit the jump .
Ugo reports that after confirming that he had just gotten the call about “ Spider - Man 4 ” that very day , Baker joked with “ Trick - r - Treat ” writer / director Dougherty about his role in the film , with Dougherty saying that Baker ’s character was “ just appearing in the background ” and that the possibility of the Lizard would just be “ a cocktease for another year ” .
Baker apparently joined in the joking , but it ’s unclear whether he was actually confirming a small role for Connors or if he was giving a wink and a nod .
I ’m going to drop any objectivity here and say that having the Lizard appear in “ Spider - Man 4 ” would effing rock .
Dylan Baker is a fantastic actor and deserves more to do in the Spidey series .
It would also play insanely well to Sam Raimi ’s darker sensibilities , and would give him the opportunity for more Evil Dead homages like we saw with the Doc Ock surgery scene in “ Spider - Man 2 ” .
Story - wise , having the Lizard as a villain could also open the possibility of Kraven the Hunter appearing in the film .
Some may say that having too many villains was the downfall of “ Spider - Man 3 ” , but I say no .
Shitty writing and poor decision making were the downfall of “ Spider - Man 3 ” .
Multiple villains can and have been done well in other films , like “ The Dark Knight ” for example .
In the perfect world that I dream of , “ Spider - Man 4 ” would feature Connors becoming the Lizard , with superhunter Sergei Kravinoff showing up in New York to hunt the beast .
Spider - Man must stop the Lizard , but also protect him from Kraven because he knows it ’s his friend and mentor on the inside .
It would be like the inverse of his relationship with Norman Osborn in the first film .
I know they may not be the most popular Spidey - rogues , but ya know who is popular ?
Venom , and we all saw that movie , so there .
Oh , and I ’d totally have Bruce Campbell play Mysterio in an opening action sequence .
How awesome would that be ?
In any event , hopefully “ Spider - Man 4 ” proves to be a return to form for the series and for Raimi after “ Spider - Man 3 ” broke all our hearts .
“ Spider - Man 4 ” is set to be released in May of 2011 .
In this day and age , veteran gamers hunger for a nostalgic experience in their video games .
Whether the experience comes from remakes of classic games like Bionic Commando : Rearmed , or new games using a tried and true style of game play like Shadow Complex , nostalgia sells .
Nostalgia for the Nintendo DS is the latter of the two .
This game features an original storyline and has a couple features from RPGs of later generations , but overall it is gift wrapped in the classic turn - based RPG style .
Since this old school style of game play is rarely seen today , fans will appreciate the throwback to the simpler days of “ Attack – Skill – Defend – Item – Flee . ”
One of the first things I found interesting about Nostalgia was the setting .
Instead of making up a fantasy world , Nostalgia takes place in an alternate version of our world .
The world map looks like a map of the Earth and you can visit famous cities such as London , Cairo and New York City .
Some of these cities are large and make you really feel like you are in a city , while others are disappointingly small and cramped .
The rest of the world map is home to various dungeons you will visit , mountains that conveniently impede your progress early on in the game , and many monsters that you will inevitably do battle with .
The alternate Earth setting is a creative idea , but the absence of so many landmark cities of the world keeps it from coming alive .
Throughout most of Nostalgia you follow the main character , Edward Brown .
He is the son of the great adventurer Gilbert Brown , and when Gilbert goes missing , Eddie takes it upon himself to find him .
The story starts out a little slow since at the beginning you are confined to London , but once you finish the initial tutorial missions and find the first of your three partners , you are given an airship and some freedom to explore .
After a few hours , the story dives into very familiar territory .
The main plot is to gather six tablets , which form the key to having absolute power , to prevent an enemy organization from taking over the world .
Sound familiar ?
In addition to the main story there are also plenty of side quests available .
The first and most prominent set of side missions are the ones given to you by the Adventurer ’s Association .
Throughout the game , they post missions that NPCs want completed .
These range from collecting stuff to killing optional bosses .
Most of these require backtracking to dungeons you have already been to , but they are a good way to disguise grinding , and the people that give you the quest usually pay you rather well .
The other notable side quest is finding world treasures .
These are iconic landmarks found throughout the world and when you fly over one , a scene occurs and a picture of the landmark you find appears .
If you collect enough of these , the museum in London gives you rewards .
These are completely optional , but most of the time they are fun and they add replay value to the game .
One thing that is not nostalgic about Nostalgia is the 3 - D. Instead of going full circle and making this game 2 - D with sprites , the developers chose to make the game 3 - D , and considering the DS ’ graphical constraints , the game looks great .
Most of the cities look unique and detailed , every weapon and airship part looks different and most of the monsters you encounter look pretty intimidating .
There are some palate swaps with the monsters , but it ’s not overused .
Also , each dungeon is unique and most of them are entertaining to explore .
Although there is no voice acting in Nostalgia , the soundtrack more than makes up for it .
The music in the game sounds epic and it fits really well with the idea of adventuring to unfamiliar lands .
The most notable themes are the ones for the cities you visit .
Each city has its own unique theme and the themes fit the culture of the city itself .
For example , London ’s theme sounds grand and regal , while New York City ’s theme sound jazzy and upbeat .
This soundtrack ranks up with The World Ends With You as one of the best I ’ve heard on the DS .
Even though there have been bits of nostalgia in the story and the lack of voice acting , the real nostalgia bomb hits when you experience the game play .
The part that stands out the most is the combat .
Instead of the enemies being on screen at all times , Nostalgia takes the random encounter route .
Just about everything you remember from classic RPGs are in these battles .
The only thing remotely modern about the combat system is the way the characters and enemies take turns .
Instead of the battles being active time based , a column on the left shows which character or enemy is going to go next .
This means there is no holding the L and R buttons to run .
Also , the game grades you on how quickly you finished each battle at the end of it .
The better the grade , the more experience you get .
Thankfully , the encounter rate is n’t too high and the random battles do n’t get annoying or difficult to manage .
In addition to the random battles on the ground , they also happen in the air .
Since the airship is the only way to explore the world outside of cities and dungeons , everything from flying lizards to sky pirates in airships that dwarf yours will try to shoot you down .
Each character on your team mans a different weapon on the airship , such as the machine guns or cannons .
However , since your airship is only one target for multiple enemies , a little more strategy goes into these battles than the ground battles .
The difficulty in Nostalgia is like a roller coaster at times .
After the first dungeon the game can get pretty challenging , but after you get your full party together the ground combat is pretty easy from then on .
Airship battles are a different story .
At certain points in the game you are permitted to fly to higher altitudes to get past obstacles and continue on with the story .
When you are introduced to the higher altitudes you are introduced to new monsters that will probably wipe the floor with you until you get better equipment .
By killing enemies , you earn experience to level up your characters and skill points to level up their skills .
Each character gets their own set of unique skills and by leveling those skills you improve their attack power or ability to benefit your party .
Leveling your characters earns you the run of the mill stuff like stat boosts and HP and MP increases .
The pace at which your characters gain levels is far enough apart to feel like you have achieved something significant , but not too far apart to make leveling a chore .
Best of all , there is almost no need to grind for hours on end just to complete the next dungeon .
As far as the airship goes , to “ level ” it you purchase new parts and weapons to increase its attack , defense and hit points .
The way you get the rest of your equipment is exactly what you would expect from a nostalgic RPG .
You go to one town , buy the best of everything they have , and then find some better weapons or armor in the next dungeon .
The only problem with this tried and true method is since you have an airship you have access to multiple towns at once , so you might buy the best equipment in one city , only to explore and find another city with better equipment and have no money to spend .
Luckily , money usually is n’t a problem and you come by it often enough to be able to afford most of the equipment you can purchase .
Overall , Nostalgia is a great combination of old and new .
Things like the 3 - D graphics , the soundtrack , and the addition of airship battles keeps things fresh while the rest of the game is a look back in time to RPGs of older generations .
The world map is a little bland with only a few landmark cities , but most of those cities and the dungeons you visit are fairly large and fun to explore .
The story is classic and you will probably be able to guess most of the twists before they happen , but when it is coupled with the turn based combat and dungeon crawling style of game play , it definitely gives players a truly nostalgic experience .
– — – — – — – — – –
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 November 28
Annapurna Star Trails
Credit & Copyright : Wang Jinglei , Jia Hao
Explanation :
In myth , Atlas holds up the heavens .
But in this moonlit mountainscape , peaks of the Himalayan Annapurna Range appear to prop up the sky as seen from Ghandruk , Nepal .
From left to right the three main peaks are Annapurna South ( 7,219 meters ) , Hiunchuli ( 6,441 meters ) , and Machapuchare ( 6,995 meters ) .
Of course the mountains are moving not the stars , the Earth 's rotation about its axis causing the concentric star trails recorded in the time exposure .
Positioned above Annapurna South , the North Celestial Pole is easily identified as the point at the center of all the star trail arcs .
The star Polaris , also known as the North Star , made the very short and bright arc closest to the North Celestial Pole .
IMO gift is priceless
My Santa really did amazingly Great .
Received package today to find :
1x AWESOME Reddit beanie / hat
1x very cool duck earbuds
1x Walt Disney " Down Under " dvd .
I absolutely love the beanie , walking home today with a reddit alien on my ducks in my ears was definitely AWESOME .
The headphones are great quality .
I 've actually never owned a pair of earbuds which you actually put in your ear canal , but they sound great and look cool . :D
The dvd Down Under , was a really cool thing to add , although my santa must not have realized in Australia it is our legal right , to have a copy of this movie on us at all times .
Thankyou so much theniftytiger , you 've made my Christmas =D
The latest Firefox 3.6 Beta 1 nightlies now feature a new about : support page that lists important information about your Firefox installation that will help support people help with problems you may have in the future .
Implemented as one of the private about : pages .
Enter about : support in the location bar , hit Enter , and you will get a simple web page that includes details like your current profile location , exact Firefox version , links to plugins and build configuration details ( about : plugins and about : buildconfig ) , a list of all your current extensions , and all modified preferences which could signal some incompatibility or forgotten customization .
A single button allows you to copy all the information to the clipboard and then paste it into a support forum or chat window , providing the guy in the other end a good idea of what ’s going on .
There ’s still a debate on whether the profile folder should be shown or not .
As you may know , the profile folder name is randomly named , adding another level of protection from remote access attacks .
This is a big leap for Firefox support not only for SUMO ( Mozilla Support ) , but for everyone who has spent some time helping a friend or relative troubleshoot some Firefox problem .
Protest in Copenhagen , December 12 , 2009 .
By Fidel Castro Ruz
December 26 , 2009 -- Climate change is already causing enormous damage and hundreds of millions of poor people are enduring the consequences .
The most advanced research centres have claimed that there is little time to avoid an irreversible catastrophe .
James Hansen , from the NASA Goddard Institute , has said that a proportion of 350 parts per million of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is still tolerable ; however , the figure today is 390 ppm and growing at a pace of 2 ppm every year .
Each one of the past two decades has been the warmest since the first records were taken , while carbon dioxide increased 80 ppm in the past 150 years .
The melting of ice in the Artic Sea and of the huge two - kilometre thick ice cap covering Greenland , of the South American glaciers feeding its main fresh water sources and the enormous volume of ice covering Antarctica ; of the remaining ice on Mt Kilimanjaro and the Himalayas , and the large frozen area of Siberia are visible .
Outstanding scientists fear abrupt quantitative changes in these natural phenomena that bring about the change .
Humanity entertained high hopes in the Copenhagen climate summit after the Kyoto Protocol signed in 1997 entered into force in 2005 .
The resounding failure of Copenhagen gave rise to shameful episodes that call for due clarification .
The United States , with less than 5 % of the world 's population releases 25 % of [ industrial ] carbon dioxide emissions .
The new US president had promised to cooperate with the international effort to tackle a new problem that afflicts that country as much as the rest of the world .
In the meetings leading to the summit , it became clear that Obama and the leaders of the wealthiest countries were maneuvering to place the burden of sacrifice on the emergent and poor countries .
Chaos in Copenhagen
A great number of leaders and thousands of representatives of social movements and scientific institutions , determined to fight for the preservation of humanity from the greatest risk in history , converged in Copenhagen at the invitation of the organisers of the summit .
I 'd rather avoid reference to details of the brutality of the Danish police force against thousands of protesters and invitees from social and scientific movements who travelled to the Danish capital .
I 'll focus on the political features of the summit .
Actually , chaos prevailed in Copenhagen where incredible things happened .
The social movements and scientific institutions were not allowed to attend the debates .
There were heads of state and government who could not even express their views on crucial issues .
Obama and the leaders of the wealthiest nations took over the conference , with the complicity of the Danish government .
The United Nations agencies were pushed to the background .
Barack Obama , the last to arrive on the day of the summit for a 12 - hour stay , met with two groups of invitees carefully chosen by him and his staff , and in the company of one of them met at the plenary hall with the rest of the high - level delegations .
He made his remarks and left right away trough the back door .
Except for the small group chosen by him , other representatives of countries were prevented from taking the floor during that plenary session .
The presidents of Bolivia and the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela were allowed to speak because the chairperson of the summit had no choice but to give them the floor in light of the strong pressure of those present .
In an adjacent room , Obama brought together the leaders of the wealthiest nations , some of the most important emerging states and two very poor countries .
He then introduced a document , negotiated with two or three of the most important countries , ignored the UN General Assembly , gave a press conference and left like Julius Caesar after one of his victorious wars in Asia Minor that had led him to say : " I came , I saw , I conquered . "
Rich polluters blame the poor victims
Even Gordon Brown , prime minister of the United Kingdom , had said on October 19 : " If we do not reach a deal over the next few months , let us be in no doubt , since once the damage from unchecked emissions growth is done , no retrospective global agreement in some future period can undo that choice .
By then it will be irretrievably too late ... "
Brown concluded his speech with these dramatic words :
We can not afford to fail .
If we fail now we will pay a heavy price .
If we act now , if we act together , if we act with vision and resolve , success at Copenhagen is still within our reach , but , if we falter , the Earth will itself be at risk and , for the planet , there is no Plan B .
But later he arrogantly said that the United Nations could not be taken hostage by a group of countries like Cuba , Venezuela , Bolivia , Nicaragua and Tuvalu .
At the same time , he accused China , India , Brazil , South Africa and other emerging countries of being lured by the United States into signing a document that throws the Kyoto Protocol in the waste basket without a binding agreement involving the United States and its wealthy allies .
I find it necessary to recall that the United Nations Organization was born hardly six decades ago , after the last World War , when there were no more than 50 independent countries .
Today , after the hateful colonial system ceased to exist thanks to the resolute struggle of the peoples , it has a membership of more than 190 independent nations .
For many years , even the People 's Republic of China was denied admission to the UN while a puppet regime was its representative in that institution and in the privileged Security Council .
The tenacious support of the growing number of Third World nations would prove indispensable to China 's international recognition and become an extremely significant element for the acceptance of that country 's rights at the UN by the United States and its NATO allies .
It was the Soviet Union that made the greatest contribution to the heroic fight against fascism .
More than 25 million of its people perished while the country was terribly devastated .
It was from that struggle that it emerged as a superpower with the capacity to partly balance the absolute domination of the US imperial system and the former colonial powers to plunder the Third World countries unrestrictedly .
Following the demise of the USSR , the United States extended its political and military power to the East -- up to Russia 's heart -- and enhanced its influence on the rest of Europe .
Therefore , what happened in Copenhagen came as no surprise .
Rich countries ' hypocrisy on emissions
I want to insist on how unfair and outrageous were the remarks of the prime minister of the UK and the Yankee attempt to impose as the summit accord a document that was at no time discussed with the attending countries .
During his press conference of December 21 , Cuba 's foreign minister Bruno Rodriguez made a statement that cannot be disproved .
I will quote from some of its paragraphs :
I would like to emphasise that no agreement of the Conference of the Parties was reached in Copenhagen , that no decision was made as to binding or non-binding commitments or pertaining to international law ; that simply did not happen .
There was no agreement in Copenhagen .
The summit was a failure and a deception for the world ... the lack of political will was left in the open ... it was a step backward in the actions of the international community to prevent or mitigate the effects of climate change ... the average world temperature could rise by 5 degrees .
Right then our foreign minister adds other interesting data on the likely consequences of climate change according to the latest scientific research .
... from the Kyoto Protocol until today the developed countries ' emissions rose by 12.8 % ... and 55 % of that volume corresponds to the United States .
The average annual oil consumption is 25 barrels for an American , 11 barrels for a European , less than 2 barrels for a Chinese and less than 1 barrel for a Latin American or Caribbean citizen .
Thirty countries , including those of the European Union , are consuming 80 % of the fuel produced .
The fact is that the developed countries signatories of the Kyoto Protocol increased their emissions dramatically .
Now , they want to replace the adopted bases of the emissions from 1990 with those of 2005 .
This means that the United States , which is the main source of emissions , would be reducing its emissions of 25 years ago in only 3 % .
It is a shameful mockery of the world public opinion .
The Cuban foreign minister , speaking on behalf of the group of ALBA member countries , defended China , India , Brazil , South Africa and other important emerging - economies states .
He stressed the concept adopted in Kyoto that " common but differentiated responsibilities mean that the responsibility of the historical accumulators and the developed countries , who are the culprits of this catastrophe , differs from that of the small island states and the South countries , above all the least developed ...
Responsibility means financing ; responsibility means technology transfer on adequate terms .
But , at this point , Obama resorts to a game of words and instead of talking of common but differentiated responsibilities , he speaks of `common but differentiated responses '... he then leaves the plenary hall without taking the trouble of listening to anybody ; he had neither listened to anybody before taking the floor .
In a subsequent press conference , before departing from the Danish capital , Obama had said : " There has been a meaningful and unprecedented breakthrough here in Copenhagen .
For the first time in history , the largest economies have come to jointly accept responsibilities . "
In his clear and irrefutable presentation , our foreign minister said :
What does it mean that ` the largest economies have come to jointly accept responsibilities '?
It means that they are placing a large part of the burden of financing the relief and adaptation of countries , mostly the countries of the South , to climate change on China , Brazil , India and South Africa .
Because it must be said that in Copenhagen we witnessed an assault , a hold - up against China , Brazil , India and South Africa , and against every other euphemistically called developing country .
These were the resounding and undeniable words used by our foreign minister to describe what happened in Copenhagen .
I must add that at 10 am on December 19 , after our vice - president Esteban Lazo and the Cuban foreign minister had already left , a belated attempt was made to resurrect the Copenhagen cadaver as a summit accord .
At that moment , practically every head of state had left and there was hardly any ministers around .
Again , the denunciation by the remaining members of the delegations from Cuba , Venezuela , Bolivia , Nicaragua and other countries defeated the maneuver .
That was the end of the inglorious summit .
Another fact that should not be overlooked is that at the most critical moment of that day , in the wee small hours , the Cuban foreign minister , together with the delegations waging the honourable battle , offered UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon their cooperation in the ever harder struggle being fought , as well as in future efforts , necessary to preserve the life of our species .
There is no need to prove the substance of what is said here that Obama did .
The US president stated on December 23 that people are justified in being disappointed about the outcome of the summit on climate change .
In an interview with the CBS television network , the president said that " instead of a total collapse if nothing had been done , which would have been a huge step backward ; at least we could remain more or less where we were " .
According to the press dispatch , Obama is the target of most criticism from the countries that nearly unanimously feel that the result of the summit was disastrous .
Now , the UN is in a quandary since many countries would find it humiliating to ask others to adhere to the arrogant and anti-democratic accord .
To carry on with the battle and to claim in every meeting , particularly in those of Bonn and Mexico , humanity 's right to life , with the morale and the strength that truth provides , is in my opinion the only way to proceed .
[ Fidel Castro is the former president of Cuba . ]
When General McChrystal was first reported as requesting 40,000 additional troops for Afghanistan , many people balked at the massive number .
Not long after , the number was quietly revised to 45,000 .
Last Friday it became clear that the general had actually requested over 60,000 .
Gen. Stanley McChrystal
Now McClatchy
Newspapers is citing officials in the Obama Administration and military as saying that the General ’s “ low - risk ” option was actually even higher , asking for 80,000 additional troops for the war in Afghanistan .
All the while , the 40,000 number has remained out there as a “ medium - risk ” option .
The once massive escalation , suddenly reimagined as a “ compromise ” position in the face of outrageously large demands that have since been made .
McChrystal reportedly is n’t thrilled with 40,000 , which he has described as the absolute minimum needed .
The rub , however , is that with 68,000 US troops already in Afghanistan and 120,000 + still in Iraq , in addition to all of America ’s assorted other imperial requirements around the world , the US military simply does n’t have anywhere near the number of additional troops just lying around that the general wants to throw at the eight year long conflict .
Officials are now saying that , even with the disastrous economy making wartime recruiting remarkably easy , they can only send about 30,000 more troops without putting undue strain on the Army and Marine Corps .
Econoday reports that consumer credit contracted for a record eighth straight month in September as consumers tightened their belts and lenders tightened credit .
Between consumers sticking their money into savings and banks cutting back on loans , consumer credit continues to tighten and dramatically .
Consumer credit outstanding fell $ 14.8 billion in September to extend a long run of declines .
Revolving credit , mostly credit cards , fell $ 9.9 billion with non-revolving , mostly car loans , down $ 4.9 billion .
What little good news there may be is that the rate of contraction is easing as consumer credit contracted at a 6.1 percent pace in the third quarter vs. 6.6 percent in the second quarter .
If people have taken on too much debt and are now undergoing the painful corrective process of getting out of debt , how could an easing of the rate of contraction be good news ?
Anyone who has ever been fired is well aware of how stressful it can be , however for those fired illegally , this stress is compounded .
If you believe you have been ...
Read More
The slow progress of the climate negotiations could pose problems later in the week , when the heads of government begin arriving .
It is not customary for so many technical , financial and emotional issues to be unsettled when national leaders sit down to negotiate an agreement .
President Obama and other world leaders have said that they hope to reach some interim agreement at the Copenhagen talks , but that a binding global accord is not likely to be completed until next year .
Image Danish riot police officers clashed with youths in Copenhagen on Monday .
The talks moved into their second and final week .
Credit ... Yoan Valat / European Pressphoto Agency
Negotiators for the United States and China have been trading public accusations in recent days and making little progress in negotiations on the critical issue of treaty compliance .
Chinese negotiators have said little during formal negotiation sessions here , where they have been working in partnership with the developing countries .
They have made clear that they do not expect money from the industrial powers to help make the shift to a more energy - efficient economy .
But they will not accept any outside monitors to ensure that they are indeed making the changes that they have promised to reduce the amount of carbon dioxide and other pollutants emitted per unit of economic output .
“ I think there ’s no doubt that China , when it says 40 to 45 percent reduction in energy intensity , is serious about that , ” said Ed Miliband , the British secretary of state for energy and climate change .
The more challenging hurdle , he said , is finding a way that China can prove to the outside world that it is reducing its emissions by the amount it claims .
On Monday morning , CNN had this amazing segment about Will Phillips , a 10 - year - old boy in Arkansas , who is refusing to say the pledge of allegiance due to discrimination against gays and lesbians .
Why , in particular , did he decide to take this stand ?
“ There really is n’t liberty and justice for all , ” Phillips told host John Roberts .
“ Gays and lesbians ca n’t marry .
There ’s still a lot of racism and sexism in the world . ”
Phillips also mentioned wanting to be a lawyer when he grows up , and the fact that he already has a lot of friends who are gay .
“ I think they should have the rights all people should , ” he continued .
“ And I ’m not going to swear that they do , ” until it ’s a reality .
It ’s clear after watching the boy that he is brilliant .
In fact , I found his eloquence almost hard to believe .
What is more remarkable , however , is his morality and willingness to take such a bold move for his convictions at his young age .
His parents should be proud .
This story actually reminded me of one of the first times I addressed a grade school class about nonviolence .
Several years ago , I was invited by one of my best friends to talk with his students at a Catholic school on the south side of Chicago .
I got there early , and at the spur of the moment , decided to remain sitting when the class stood for the pledge .
I then began by explaining why I did this .
I argued that if you are really a Christian , you cannot pledge allegiance to any flag or country .
Our allegiance is to a different kingdom .
We obey a higher law .
The country for which our flag stands , I explained , has done and continues to do some terrible things that I could not vouch for and that were simply contrary to Jesus ’ teachings .
At the time , I do n’t remember getting any serious reaction .
However , my friend told me that for the rest of the year one of his students , who I stayed in touch with after my visit , did not say the pledge for the rest of the year .
And even though it was just one student , I was thrilled .
That ’s where it starts .
The world would truly be in better hands if there were only more children – and adults , for that matter – with such sensibilities .
A Maricopa County Sheriff 's detention officer was found in contempt of court Wednesday for his decision to remove a document from a defense attorney 's file during a sentencing hearing last month .
The officer was ordered by a judge to hold a press conference to apologize for his actions - an order that Sheriff Joe Arpaio immediately said would be defied .
� My officer was doing his job and I will not stand by and allow him to be thrown to the wolves by the courts because they feel pressure from the media on this situation , � Arpaio said in a press release .
He further said , " I decide who holds press conferences and when they are held regarding this Sheriff�s Office . �
Superior Court Judge Gary Donahoe ruled that Officer Adam Stoddard acted in contempt when he pulled two pieces of hand - written paper out of attorney Joanne Cuccia 's file on Oct. 19 during a sentencing hearing for Antonio Lozano .
Stoddard testified earlier this month that he saw four words - " going to " " steal " and " money " - in a document sticking out of Cuccia 's file that led him to believe Lozano posed some sort of security threat .
The " totality of circumstances " taking place in the court room that day , including the presence of Lozano 's associates and Stoddard 's belief that Lozano had some history with the Mexican Mafia , all informed his decision , the detention officer testified .
Donahoe disagreed , finding that the presence of those four words on the document did n't pose any immediate security threat and that in removing the privileged communication from Cuccia 's file , Stoddard acted unreasonably .
" Even giving DO Stoddard the benefit of the doubt that he had a right to scan the entire paragraph which was in plain sight after seeing the " key words " to determine if Defendant presented an immediate security risk , nothing in that paragraph justified DO Stoddard 's continued conduct of removing the document from counsel 's file and having the document copied , " Donahoe wrote .
Donahoe found that another deputy working in court that day , Francisco Campillo , who made a copy of the documents Stoddard seized , did not act in contempt .
During a hearing last week , Donahoe wrestled with an appropriate punishment for Stoddard if he were to be found in contempt .
Cuccia had expressed concerns about the damage to her professional reputation , particularly after a sheriff 's official , in a written statement , seemed to excuse Stoddard 's actions by linking Cuccia with two attorneys were recently sentenced for or arrested on suspicion of smuggling contraband to inmates .
By Tuesday , Donahoe had determined that Stoddard should hold a news conference outside the Central Court Building by Nov. 30 and offer Cuccia " a sincere verbal and written apology for invading her defense file and for the damage that his conduct may have caused to her professional reputation . "
If Stoddard refuses , or Cuccia is not satisfied with the apology , Donahoe ordered Stoddard to report to jail on Dec. 1 .
The case became national news after surveillance footage emerged that shows Stoddard move behind Lozano and take a few steps forward before looking down at the defense attorney 's table .
The footage shows Stoddard pulling out a document sticking out of a file .
Stoddard then calls over a Campillo to make copies .
Lozano , 26 , was appearing before Judge Lisa Flores to receive his sentence for an aggravated assault he had pleaded guilty to in September , though Stoddard 's decision to remove the document calls that into question , too : a public defender said she was going to file a motion to dismiss the case and ask for a change of venue .
Craig Packer was behind the wheel when we came across the massive cat slumped in the shade beneath a spiny tree .
It was a dark - maned male , elaborately sprawled , as if it had fallen from a great height .
Its sides heaved with shallow pants .
Packer , a University of Minnesota ecologist and the world ’s leading lion expert , spun the wheel of the Land Rover and drove straight toward the animal .
He pointed out the lion ’s scraped elbow and a nasty puncture wound on its side .
Its mane was full of leaves .
From a distance it looked like a deposed lord , grand and pitiable .
Since arriving in Tanzania ’s Serengeti National
Park only that morning , I ’d gaped at wildebeests on parade , dawdling baboons , gazelles rocketing by , oxpecker birds hitching rides atop Cape buffaloes , hippos with bubblegum - colored underbellies .
The Serengeti usually dazzles first - time visitors , Packer had warned , making us giddy with an abundance of idyllic wildlife straight out of a Disney song - and - dance number .
The sublime brute only 15 feet away was my first wild Panthera leo .
Male African lions can be ten feet long and weigh 400 pounds or more , and this one appeared to be pushing the limits of its species .
I was glad to be inside a truck .
Packer , though , opened the door and hopped out .
He snatched a stone and tossed it in the big male ’s direction .
The lion raised its head .
Its handsome face was raked with claw marks .
Packer threw another stone .
Unimpressed , the lion briefly turned its back , showing hindquarters as smooth as cast bronze .
The beast yawned and , nestling its tremendous head on its paws , shifted its gaze to us for the first time .
Its eyes were yellow and cold like new doubloons .
This was one of The Killers .
Packer , 59 , is tall , skinny and sharply angular , like a Serengeti thorn tree .
He has spent a good chunk of his life at the park ’s Lion House , a concrete , fortress - like structure that includes an office , kitchen and three bedrooms .
It is furnished with a faux leopard - skin couch and supplied only sporadically with electricity ( the researchers turn it off during the day to save energy ) and fresh water ( elephants dug up the pipelines years ago ) .
Packer has been running the Serengeti Lion Project for 31 of its 43 years .
It is the most extensive carnivore study ever conducted .
He has persisted through cholera outbreaks , bouts of malaria and a 1994 canine distemper epidemic that killed off a third of the 300 lions he ’d been following .
He has collected lion blood , milk , feces and semen .
He has honed his distressed wildebeest calf call to get his subjects ’ attention .
He has learned to lob a defrosted ox heart full of medicine toward a hungry lion for a study of intestinal parasites .
And he has braved the boredom of studying a creature that slumbers roughly 20 hours a day and has a face as inscrutable as a sphinx’s .
Packer ’s reward has been an epic kind of science , a detailed chronicle of the lives and doings of generations of prides : the Plains Pride , the Lost Girls 2 , the Transect Truants .
Over the decades there have been plagues , births , invasions , feuds and dynasties .
When the lions went to war , as they are inclined to do , he was their Homer .
“ The scale of the lion study and Craig Packer ’s vigor as a scientist are pretty unparalleled , ” says Laurence Frank , of the University of California at Berkeley , who studies African lions and hyenas .
One of Packer ’s more sensational experiments took aim at a longstanding mystery .
A male lion is the only cat with a mane ; some scientists believed its function was to protect an animal ’s neck during fights .
But because lions are the only social felines , Packer thought manes were more likely a message or a status symbol .
He asked a Dutch toy company to craft four plush , life - size lions with light and dark manes of different lengths .
He named them Lothario , Fabio , Romeo and Julio ( as in Iglesias — this was the late 1990s ) .
He attracted lions to the dolls using calls of scavenging hyenas .
When they encountered the dummies , female lions almost invariably attempted to seduce the dark - maned ones , while males avoided them , preferring to attack the blonds , particularly those with shorter manes .
( Stuffing still protrudes from the haunches of Fabio , a focal point of Lion House décor . )
Consulting their field data , Packer and his colleagues noticed that many males with short manes had suffered from injury or sickness .
By contrast , dark - maned males tended to be older than the others , have higher testosterone levels , heal well after wounding and sire more surviving cubs — all of which made them more desirable mates and formidable foes .
A mane , it seems , signals vital information about a male ’s fighting ability and health to mates and rivals .
Newspapers across the globe picked up the finding .
“ Manely , lady lions look for dark color , ” one headline said .
“ Blonds have less fun in the lion world , ” read another .
Lately , Packer ’s research has taken on a new dimension .
Long a dispassionate student of lion behavior and biology , he has become a champion for the species ’ survival .
In Tanzania , home to as many as half of all the wild lions on earth , the population is in free fall , having dropped by half since the mid-1990s , to fewer than 10,000 .
Across Africa , up to one - quarter of the world ’s wild lions have vanished in little more than a decade .
The reason for the decline of the king of beasts can be summed up in one word : people .
As more Tanzanians take up farming and ranching , they push farther into lion country .
Now and then a lion kills a person or livestock ; villagers — who once shot only nuisance lions — have started using poisons to wipe out whole prides .
It is not a new problem , this interspecies competition for an increasingly scarce resource , but neither is it a simple one .
Among other things , Packer and his students are studying how Tanzanians can change their animal husbandry and farming practices to ward off ravenous felines .
Scientists used to believe that prides — groups of a few to more than a dozen related females typically guarded by two or more males — were organized for hunting .
Other aspects of the communal lifestyle — the animals ’ affinity for napping in giant piles and even nursing each others ’ young — were idealized as poignant examples of animal - kingdom altruism .
But Packer and his collaborators have found that a pride is n’t formed primarily for catching dinner or sharing parenting chores or cuddling .
The lions ’ natural world — their behavior , their complex communities , their evolution — is shaped by one brutal , overarching force , what Packer calls “ the dreadful enemy . ”
Other lions .
The Jua Kali pride lives far out on the Serengeti plains , where the land is the dull color of burlap , and termite mounds rise like small volcanoes .
It ’s marginal habitat at best , without much shade or cover of any kind .
( Jua kali is Swahili for “ fierce sun . ” )
Water holes look more like wallows , prey is scarce and , especially in the dry season , life is not easy for the pride ’s four females and two resident males , Hildur and C - Boy .
Early one morning last August , Serengeti Lion Project researchers found Hildur , a Herculean male with a blond mane , limping around near a grassy ditch .
He was sticking close to one of the pride ’s four females , whose newborn cubs were hidden in a nearby stand of reeds .
He was roaring softly , possibly in an effort to contact his darker - maned co-leader .
But C - Boy , the researchers saw , had been cornered on the crest of a nearby hill by a fearsome trio of snarling males whom Packer and colleagues call The Killers .
The whole scene looked like a “ takeover , ” a brief , devastating clash in which a coalition of males tries to seize control of a pride .
Resident males may be mortally wounded in the fighting .
If the invaders are victorious , they kill all the young cubs to bring the pride ’s females into heat again .
Females sometimes die fighting to defend their cubs .
The researchers suspected that The Killers , who normally live near a river 12 miles away , had already dispatched two females from a different pride — thus The Killers earned their names .
C - Boy , surrounded , gave a strangled growl .
The Killers fell on him , first two , then all three , slashing and biting as he swerved , their blows falling on his vulnerable hindquarters .
The violence lasted less than a minute , but C - Boy ’s flanks looked as if they ’d been flayed with whips .
Apparently satisfied their opponent was crippled , The Killers turned and trotted off toward the marsh , almost in lock step , as Hildur ’s female companion crept toward a stand of reeds .
None of the Jua Kali lions had been spotted since the fight , but we kept riding out to their territory to look for them .
We did n’t know if C - Boy had survived or if the cubs had made it .
Finally , one afternoon we found JKM , the mother of the Jua Kali litter , lolling atop a termite mound as large and intricate as a pipe organ .
“ Hey there , sweetness , ” Packer said to her as we pulled up .
“ Where are your cubs ? ”
JKM had her eye on a kongoni antelope a few miles away ; unfortunately , it was watching her , too .
She was also scanning the sky for vultures , perhaps in the hopes of scavenging a hyena kill .
She stood up and ambled off into the hip - high grass .
We could see dark circles around her nipples : she was still lactating .
Against the odds , her cubs seemed to have survived .
Perhaps the apparent good fortune of the Jua Kali cubs was linked to another recent sighting , Packer speculated : a female from another nearby group , the Mukoma Hill pride , had been seen moving her own tiny bobble - headed cubs .
The cubs were panting and mewling pitifully , clearly in distress ; normally cubs stay in their den during the heat of the day .
The Killers might have forsaken the Jua Kali females to take over the Mukoma Hill pride , which inhabits richer territory near river confluences to the north .
The woodlands there , said Packer , were controlled by a series of “ dinky little pairs of males ” : elderly Fellow and Jell - O ; Porkie and Pie ; and Wallace , the Mukoma Hill leader , whose partner , William , had recently died .
Packer recalled a similar pattern of invasion in the early 1980s by the Seven Samurai , a coalition of males , several with spectacular black manes , who had once brought down two adult , 1,000 - pound Cape buffaloes and a calf in a single day .
After storming the north they ’d sired hundreds of cubs and ruled the savanna for a dozen years .
It took a while for Packer to tune into such dramas .
When he first visited the Serengeti lions in 1974 , he concluded that “ lions were really boring . ”
The laziest of all the cats , they were usually collapsed in a stupor , as if they had just run a marathon , when in reality they had n’t moved a muscle in 12 hours .
Packer had been working under Jane Goodall in Tanzania ’s Gombe Stream National Park , observing baboons .
He slept in a metal structure called The Cage to be closer to the animals .
In 1978 , when Packer ’s plan to study Japanese monkeys fell through , he and a fellow primatologist , Anne Pusey , to whom he was married at the time , volunteered to take over the Lion Project , begun 12 years earlier by the American naturalist George Schaller .
By the time Packer and Pusey installed themselves in the Lion House , scientists were well aware that lions are ambush predators with little stamina and that they gorge at a kill , each one downing up to 70 pounds in a sitting .
( Lions eat , in addition to antelope and wildebeest , crocodiles , pythons , fur seals , baboons , hippopotamuses , porcupines and ostrich eggs . )
Lion territories are quite large — 15 square miles on the low end , ranging up to nearly 400 — and are passed down through generations of females .
Lions are vigorous when it comes to reproduction ; Schaller observed one male mate 157 times in 55 hours .
Packer and Pusey set out not just to document lion behavior but to explain how it had evolved .
“ What we wanted to do was figure out why they did some of these things , ” Packer says .
“ Why did they raise their cubs together ?
Did they really hunt cooperatively ? ”
They kept tabs on two dozen prides in minute detail , photographing each animal and naming new cubs .
They noted where the lions congregated , who was eating how much of what , who had mated , who was wounded , who survived and who died .
They described interactions at kills .
It was slow going , even after they put radio collars on several lions in 1984 .
Packer was always more troubled by the lions ’ sloth than their slavering jaws .
Following prides at night — the animals are largely nocturnal — he sometimes thought he would go mad .
“ I read Tolstoy , I read Proust , ” he says .
“ All the Russians . ” Packer and Pusey wrote in one article that “ to the list of inert noble gases , including krypton , argon and neon , we would add lion . ”
Still , they began to see how prides functioned .
Members of a large pride did n’t get any more to eat than a lone hunter , mostly because a solitary animal got the proverbial lion ’s share .
Yet lions band together without fail to confront and sometimes kill intruders .
Larger groups thus monopolize the premier savanna real estate — usually around the confluence of rivers , where prey animals come to drink — while smaller prides are pushed to the margins .
Even the crèche , or communal nursery that is the social core of every pride , is shaped by violence , Packer says .
He and Pusey realized this after scrutinizing groups of nursing mothers for countless hours .
A lactating female nursed another ’s young rarely , usually after an unrelated cub sneaked onto her nipple .
An alert lioness reserves her milk for her own offspring .
In contrast to the widespread belief that crèches were maternal utopias , Packer and Pusey found that nursing mothers stick together chiefly for defense .
During takeovers by outside males , solitary females lost litter after litter , while cooperating lionesses stood a better chance of protecting their cubs and fending off males , which can outweigh females by as much as 50 percent .
Surviving cubs go on to perpetuate the bloody cycle .
Juvenile females often join forces with their mother ’s pride to defend the home turf .
Males reared together typically form a coalition around age 2 or 3 and set out to conquer prides of their own .
( Hard - living males rarely live past age 12 ; females can reach their late teens . )
A lone male without a brother or cousin will often team up with another singleton ; if he does n’t , he is doomed to an isolated life .
A group of lions will count its neighbors ’ roars at night to estimate their numbers and determine if the time is right for an attack .
The central insight of Packer ’s career is this : lions evolved to dominate the savanna , not to share it .
As we crossed the plains one morning , the Land Rover — broken speedometer , no seat belts , cracked side mirrors , a fire extinguisher and a roll of toilet paper on the dashboard — creaked like an aged vessel in high seas .
We plowed through oceans of grasses , mostly brown but also mint green , salmon pink and , in the distance , lavender ; the lions we hunted were a liquid flicker , a current within a current .
The landscape on this day did not look inviting .
Sections of the giant sky were shaded with rain .
Zebra jaws and picked - clean impala skulls littered the ground .
Bones do n’t last long here , though ; hyenas eat them .
Packer and a research assistant , Ingela Jansson , were listening through headphones for the ping - ping - ping radio signal of collared lions .
Jansson , driving , spotted a pride on the other side of a dry gully : six or seven lions sitting slack - jawed in the shade .
Neither she nor Packer recognized them .
Jansson had a feeling they might be a new group .
“ They may never have seen a car before , ” she whispered .
The sides of the ditch looked unpromising , but Packer and Jansson could n’t resist .
Jansson found what seemed to be a decent crossing spot , by Serengeti standards , and angled the truck down .
We roared across the bed and began churning up the other side .
Packer , who is originally from Texas , let out a whoop of triumph just before we lurched to a halt and began to slide helplessly backward .
We came to rest at the bottom , snarled in reeds , with only three wheels on the ground , wedged between the riverbanks as tightly as a filling in a dental cavity .
The ditch was 15 feet deep , so we could no longer see the pride , but as we ’d slipped downward , a row of black - tipped ears had cocked inquisitively in our direction .
Jansson stepped out of the truck , long blond ponytail whipping around , dug at the wheels with a shovel and spade , and then hacked down reeds with a panga , or straight - blade machete .
Earlier I had asked what kind of anti-lion gear the researchers carried .
“ An umbrella , ” Jansson said .
Apparently , lions do n’t like umbrellas , particularly if they ’re painted with large pairs of eyes .
Packer is not afraid of lions , especially Serengeti lions , which he says have few encounters with people or livestock and have plenty of other things to eat .
To figure out if a sedated lion is truly down for the count , he ’ll get out of the truck to tickle its ear .
He says he once ditched a mired Land Rover within ten feet of a big pride and marched in the opposite direction , his 3 - year - old daughter on his shoulders , singing nursery school songs all the way back to the Lion House .
( His daughter , Catherine , 25 , is a student at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health .
Packer never tried such a stunt with son Jonathan , now 22 , although Jonathan was once bitten by a baboon .
Packer and Pusey divorced in 1997 ; she returned to studying chimpanzees . )
Not being handy with a panga , I was sent a short distance down the riverbed to gather stones to wedge under the wheels .
Packer ’s nonchalance was not contagious .
I could not decide whether I should creep or sprint .
Every time I glanced at the grassy riverbanks above I was sure that I would find myself the object of some blond monster ’s greedy regard .
As I bent to claw stones out of the ground , I knew suddenly , with complete , visceral certainty , why Tanzanian villagers might rather be rid of these animals .
I ’d already taken stock of their carving - knife incisors and Cleopatra eyes , observed their low , rolling , hoodlum swaggers , heard their idling growls and nocturnal bellows .
If you live in a mud hut protected by a bramble fence , if your cows are your bank account and your 7 - year - old son is a shepherd who sleeps in the paddock with his goats , would n’t you want to eliminate every last lion on earth ?
“ People hate lions , ” Packer had told me .
“ The people who live with them , anyway . ”
After more than an hour of reed - whacking , stone - wedging and wrestling with mud ladders placed under the tires to provide traction , the vehicle finally surged onto the far side of the ditch .
Incredibly , the lions remained precisely where we ’d seen them last : sitting with Zen - like equanimity on their little doily of shade .
Jansson looked through binoculars , taking note of their whisker patterns and a discolored iris here and a missing tooth there .
She determined this was the seldom - seen Turner Springs pride .
Some of the sun-dazed lions had bloodstains on their milky chins .
Though they had n’t displayed the slightest interest in us , I uttered a silent prayer to go home .
“ Let ’s go closer , ” Packer said .
The first true lion probably padded over the earth about 600,000 years ago , and its descendants eventually ruled a greater range than any other wild land mammal .
They penetrated all of Africa , except for the deepest rain forests of the Congo Basin and driest parts of the Sahara , and every continent save Australia and Antarctica .
There were lions in Great Britain , Russia and Peru ; they were plentiful in Alaska and the habitat known today as downtown Los Angeles .
In the Grotte Chauvet , the cave in France whose 32,000 - year - old paintings are considered among the oldest art in the world , there are more than 70 renderings of lions .
Sketched in charcoal and ocher , these European cave lions — maneless and , according to fossil evidence , 25 percent bigger than African lions — prance alongside other now - extinct creatures : mammoths , Irish elk , woolly rhino .
Some lions , drawn in the deepest part of the cave , are oddly colored and abstract , with hooves instead of paws ; archaeologists believe these may be shamans .
The French government invited Packer to tour the cave in 1999 .
“ It was one of the most profound experiences of my life , ” Packer says .
But the dream - like quality of the images was n’t what excited him ; it was their zoological accuracy .
By the light of a miner ’s lamp , he discerned pairs , lions moving in large groups and even submissive behavior , depicted down to the tilt of the subordinate ’s ears .
The artist , Packer says , “ does n’t exaggerate their teeth , he does n’t make them seem more formidable than I would .
This was somebody who was viewing them in a very cool and detached way .
This was somebody who was studying lions . ”
The lions ’ decline began about 12,000 years ago .
Prehistoric human beings , with their improving hunting technologies , probably competed with lions for prey , and lion subspecies in Europe and the Americas went extinct .
Other subspecies were common in India and Africa until the 1800s , when European colonists began killing lions on safaris and clearing the land .
In 1920 , a hunter shot the last known member of the North African subspecies in Morocco .
Today , the only wild lions outside Africa belong to a small group of fewer than 400 Asiatic lions in the Gir Forest of India .
Lions persist in a handful of countries across southeastern Africa , including Botswana , South Africa and Kenya , but Tanzania ’s population is by far the largest .
Though devastatingly poor , the nation is a reasonably stable democracy with huge tracts of protected land .
Serengeti National Park — at 5,700 square miles , about the size of Connecticut — is perhaps the world ’s greatest lion sanctuary , with some 3,000 lions .
In Packer ’s study area , comprising the territories of 23 prides near the park ’s center , the number of lions is stable or even rising .
But the Serengeti is the exception .
Part of the blame for Tanzania ’s crashing lion population belongs to the trophy - hunting industry : the government allows the harvest of some 240 wild lions a year from game reserves and other unprotected areas , the highest take in Africa .
Safaris charge a trophy fee of as little as $ 6,000 for a lion ; animals are shot while feasting on baits , and many of the coveted “ trophy males ” have peach fuzz manes and have n’t even left their mother ’s pride yet .
The use of lion parts in folk medicines is another concern ; as wild tigers disappear from Asia , scientists have noticed increasing demand for leonine substitutes .
The central issue , though , is the growing human population .
Tanzania has three times as many residents now — some 42 million — as when Packer began working there .
The country has lost more than 37 percent of its woodlands since 1990 .
Disease has spread from village animals to the lions ’ prey animals , and , in the case of the 1994 distemper outbreak that started in domestic dogs , to the lions themselves .
The lions ’ prey animals are also popular in the burgeoning — and illicit — market for bush meat .
And then there is the understandable ill will that people bear lions , which loiter on front porches , bust through thatched roofs , snatch cattle , rip children from their mother ’s arms , haul the elderly out of bed and seize women on the way to latrines .
In the 1990s , as Tanzanians plowed large swaths of lion territory into fields , lion attacks on people and livestock rose dramatically .
Bernard Kissui , a Tanzanian lion scientist with the African Wildlife Foundation and one of Packer ’s former graduate students , met Packer and me in Manyara , a bustling district southeast of Serengeti National Park .
Kissui said five lions nearby had recently died after eating a giraffe carcass laced with tick poison .
“ Is that one of your study prides ? ” Packer asked .
“ I ’m suspecting so , ” said Kissui , who works in the nearby Tangire National Park .
He was n’t sure who had poisoned the lions or what had provoked the killings .
A month earlier , lions had killed three boys , ages 4 , 10 and 14 , herding livestock , but that was in a village 40 miles away .
“ Africa is not Africa without lions , ” Kissui told me , but “ human needs precede the wildlife’s .
As the number of people increases , we take the land that would have been available to the wildlife and use it for ourselves .
Africa has one billion people now .
Think about what that one billion implies in terms of the future of lions .
We are heading into a very complicated world . ”
Young men from pastoral tribes no longer care to tend cattle , Kissui says .
“ They want to go to Arusha and drive a car . ”
So their little brothers are sent into the bush instead .
Packer and his students have shown that lions tend to target livestock tended by boys during the dry season .
Packer , Kissui and other scientists are experimenting with ways to keep people and lions safe .
Special funds repay herders for lost livestock — if no lion is harmed .
They have suggested that corn farmers in southern Tanzania hang chili peppers in their fields , which repel the bush pigs that lions relish , or dig ditches around their crops to keep the pigs out .
And Packer is assisting Kissui with a program that subsidizes herdsmen who want to replace their bramble - enclosed paddocks with fences of metal and wood .
In Manyara we visited Sairey LoBoye , a study participant .
He was attired in stunning blue blankets and talking on his cellphone .
LoBoye is a member of the Maasai tribe , whose traditional culture centers on safeguarding cattle : teenagers spear lions as a rite of passage .
LoBoye said he simply wanted lions to leave him alone .
Two years ago lions devoured one of his precious bulls , but since installing a modern fence , he has n’t had any problems and his cattle and children are safer .
“ Now I can sleep at night , ” he said .
Packer argues that the Serengeti , like some South African parks , should be surrounded by an electric , elephant - proof , heavily patrolled fence that would encompass the whole wildebeest migration route and keep the lions in and the poachers out .
The idea has little support , in part because of the tens of millions of dollars it would cost to erect the barrier .
Packer and Susan James , a former business executive he married in 1999 , founded a nonprofit organization , Savannas Forever , which is based in Arusha and monitors the quality of rural village life .
They ’ve hired Tanzanians to measure how development aid affects such variables as children ’s height and weight ; they ’ll spread the word about which approaches are most effective so other programs can replicate them .
The hope is that improving the standard of living will bolster local conservation efforts and give lions a better shot at survival .
As hard as it is for Packer to imagine the prides he has followed for so long ending in oblivion in the next few decades , he says that ’s the most likely outcome : “ Why am I doing this ?
I feel like I owe this country something .
So 100 years from now there will still be lions in Tanzania . ”
Before I left the Serengeti , Packer took me to see a fig tree that had served for decades as a lion scratching post .
As we drove across the savanna , graduate student Alexandra Swanson fiddled with a radio scanner , searching for signals from radio - collared lions , but we heard only static .
The tree was on a kopje , one of the isolated piles of rocks in the grasslands that are popular lion haunts .
Packer wanted to climb up for a better look .
Lulled , perhaps , by the silence on the scanner , I agreed to accompany him .
We ’d climbed most of the way up the pile when Packer snapped his fingers and motioned for me to crouch down .
The world seemed to zoom in and out , as if I was looking through a camera ’s telephoto lens , and I imagined hot lion breath on my neck .
Packer , at the top of the kopje , was waving me closer .
“ Do you see that lion ? ” he whispered .
“ No , ” I whispered back .
He pointed at a shadowy crevice beneath the fig tree , about 20 feet away .
“ You do n’t see that lion ? ”
“ There is no lion , ” I said , as if my words could make it so .
Then I saw one tiny , yellow , heart - shaped face , and then another , bright as dandelions against the gray rocks .
Golden eyes blinked at us .
Mothers often leave their cubs for long stretches to hunt , but this was only the second time in Packer ’s long career he ’d found an unattended den .
Young cubs are almost completely helpless and can starve or be eaten by hyenas if left alone too long .
One of the cubs was clearly horrified by our presence and shrank behind its braver sibling , which arranged itself in a princely fashion on the rocks to enjoy these strange , spindly , cringing creatures .
The other cub seemed to forget its fear and bit the bold one ’s ear .
They were perfect fleecy things .
Their coats had a faint tiled pattern that would fade away with time .
That night we camped beside the kopje , Swanson and I in the bed of the Land Rover and Packer in a flimsy tent .
It was n’t the most restful evening of my life : in the lion ’s last great stronghold , we were outside a mother ’s very den .
I kept thinking of the cubs in the crevice .
Their mother might return while we slept .
I almost hoped she would .
Abigail Tucker , Smithsonian ’s staff writer , has covered narwhals , salmon and the link between birds and horseshoe crabs .
I sometimes think that when I die there should be two graves dug : the first would be the usual kind of size , say 2 feet by 7 , but the other would be much , much larger .
The gravestone should read : ME AND MY BIG MOUTH .
I suspect most of you will have heard of the shitstorm that howled about the head of Jan Moir , a journalist who wrote a beastly article in the Daily Mail about the death of Stephen Gately the day before his funeral .
I do n’t propose to stop and pick over the carcass of that epically ill - judged piece of gutter journalism .
Its malice , stupidity , incoherent illogicality and crass insensitivity have been superbly anatomised by many others and besides , too much time has passed , a whole 24 hours at the time of writing and for the online world , which is still a child , a year is a decade and a day a whole month .
If I were to express sympathy for Jan Moir here some of you might think I had gone soft in the head .
And yet I do feel sorry for her .
There are those , there will always be those , who believe that she knew exactly what she was doing and that she is relishing her notoriety , that the sight of her name topping the Twitter trend lists will give her nothing but frissons of pleasure .
I do not believe this .
Yes , I expect that she will , in time , revisit her disaster .
I dare say she will write the inevitable Vulnerable Frightened Piece in which she tells the world just how tyrannised , terrorised and victimised she felt ; piling on the image of the concerned mum ( if she is one ) who was just trying to ask questions ; the honest ( and perhaps naive , yes , she ’ll admit to that ) journalist who sowed a doubt and reaped a whirlwind .
Such articles always end with Serious Questions , in this case concerning the Future of Democracy Itself if it is to be left in the hands of the firebrands , hysterics and ( Dark Hints ) possibly sinister forces that patrol and control the internet .
It will all be silly , distressing , disingenuous and ignorant , but then she is a tabloid columnist and that is her job .
The reason I feel sorry for her is not that she is a journalist , or that she writes for the Daily Mail , I am quite sure she can do without my pompous , patronising sympathy .
I feel sorry for her because I know just what it is like to make a monumental ass of oneself and how hard it is to find the road back .
I know all too well what it is like to be inebriated , as Disraeli put it , by the exuberance of my own verbosity .
Poland
Only a week and a half ago I was asked to appear on Channel 4 news to comment on the Conservative Party and their decision to ally themselves in the European Parliament with the Polish Law and Justice Party , a nationalist grouping whose members have made statements of the most unpleasantly homophobic and antisemitic nature .
I usually decline such invitations , and how I wish I had done so on this occasion .
I think I accepted for the achingly dumb reason that I happened to be in the Holborn area all that day and the ITN news studios were just round the corner , so it seemed like an easy gig .
The more probable explanation is that , as my father and squadrons of school teachers correctly reminded me throughout my childhood and youth , “ Stephen just does n’t think . ”
Anyway .
Words tumbled from my lips during that interview that were as idiotic , ignorant and offensive as you could imagine .
It had all been proceeding along perfectly acceptable lines until I said something like “ let ’s not forget which side of the border Auschwitz was on . ”
I mean , what was I thinking ?
Well , as I say , I was n’t .
The words just formed themselves in a line in my head , as words will , and marched out of the mouth .
I offer no excuse .
I seemed to imply that the Polish people had been responsible for the most infamous of all the death factories of the Third Reich .
I did n’t even really at the time notice the import of what I had said , so gave myself no opportunity instantly to retract the statement .
It was a rubbishy , cheap and offensive remark that I have been regretting ever since .
But it gets worse .
Once the interview had been transmitted I started to receive the odd invitation to talk on Polish radio , explain myself to Polish journalists and make apologies to the Polish people in general .
Perfect , you might think .
An opportunity to make amends .
But some mad pixie of pride in my head had got me rather riled by this time .
It was n’t helped by the fact that some of the letters I received were of such a bombastic and dictatorial nature that any spark of apology was extinguished before it was born .
So I just ignored the whole incident and pretended to myself that I had been misunderstood , mischievously misunderstood , you might even say ; that it was obvious to the meanest intelligence that I had never meant to suggest that Poland was complicit in the Holocaust and therefore it would make so sense for me to apologise — it would only perpetuate the culture of offence and apology that is so tedious a feature of our world .
Or so I muttered .
Really I was so guilty and angry with myself that I directed the anger outwards , as people will .
I take this opportunity to apologise now .
I said a stupid , thoughtless and fatuous thing .
It detracted from and devalued my argument , such as it was , and it outraged and offended a large group of people for no very good reason .
I am sorry in all directions , and all the more sorry because it is no one ’s fault but my own , which always makes it so much worse .
And sorry because I did n’t have the wit , style , grace or guts to apologise at the first opportunity .
I do n’t know if Jan Moir feels the same , but I am pretty sure that in her heart of hearts she will have at the very least yearned for a rewind button .
How many times in her mind since must she have rephrased , reworded and rejigged that sorry and squalid little article ?
Some of you will think I am a simpleton to imagine any such thing and that she is much more canny , crafty and conniving than that .
Conspiracy theorists can be the faithful guardians of our democracy , but like many fierce dogs they can often mistrust and savage the postman , the doctor or the innocent bystander as well as the real malefactor .
But this a blog and therefore about meeeee .
Political Stir Fry
There is a whole suite of reasons that disqualify me from being any kind of politician .
Firstly , I do n’t want to be one .
I would rather suck turds for a living .
Secondly I ca n’t make my mind up on Big Issues .
On Wednesday I might believe x but come Friday I will be convinced of y .
By the weekend someone will have persuaded me that the only possible answer is z .
Thirdly , and most importantly , as the Polish incident demonstrated , I can not keep my mouth shut .
If a joke or a neat phrase or an apparently convincing rhetorical trope or apt simile occur to me they will emerge from my mouth without passing Think .
Political opponents will have every opportunity to shake their heads and murmur about judgement , reliability and loose canons .
I would spend my time writing craven letters of apology and writhing with guilt , shame and self - disgust .
Which , let ’s face it , is no way to run a whelk - stall .
But maybe the age of politics as we knew and loved it is over .
Maybe the two twitterstorms of last week point to a new kind of democracy .
L’Affaire Moir followed hard on the heels of a quite horrific attempt to muzzle the press by the lawyers Carter - Ruck .
In the name of sub judice this notorious law firm slapped a ‘ superinjunction ’ on The Guardian newspaper forbidding them to mention the name of an MP or the question he had tabled in Parliament on the Trafigura toxic waste dumping scandal .
Six hours of TwitterIndignation later , during which time every censored detail was made freely available for all to see , and the injunction was , force majeure , lifted .
The internet had hobbled it fatally and it was led limping back to its stall , to the jeers and cheers of the public .
Ian Hislop , editor of the Private Eye heaved a huge sigh of relief – the Eye had decided to publish and Hislop is under a personal restraining order which would have led to his facing the real likelihood of imprisonment for contempt of court , breaching the terms of a judgement and all manner of nutty malfeasances .
What both cases point to , some would argue , is a shift in the very focus of democracy .
In the good old days there were Three Estates that held dominion over us .
The Lords Spiritual , the Lords Temporal and the Commons .
As the Press rose and cast off the shackles of censorship it became routinely referred to , after a remark made by Edmund Burke in the late eighteenth century , as the Fourth Estate .
Here is how Oscar Wilde saw things a hundred and twenty years ago : -
In old days men had the rack .
Now they have the press .
That is an improvement certainly .
But still it is very bad , and wrong , and demoralizing .
Somebody — was it Burke ? — called journalism the fourth estate .
That was true at the time no doubt .
But at the present moment it is the only estate .
It has eaten up the other three .
The Lords Temporal say nothing , the Lords Spiritual have nothing to say , and the House of Commons has nothing to say and says it .
We are dominated by Journalism .
The Soul of Man Under Socialism , 1891
I would urge you click the link above and read the rest of that magnificent essay , especially the continuation of Wilde ’s thoughts about the press .
The Fifth Estate ?
Well , then .
All in the same week the Fourth Estate has been rescued by Twitter and shamed by Twitter .
Has the twinternet now become the Fifth Estate ?
And if so is it safe in the hands of people like you and me ?
Especially me .
Without , I hope , too much self - pity , I do seem to have made myself a target .
Journalists who do n’t understand what Twitter really is ( the overwhelming majority ) will use my name as a kind of shorthand for the service .
The fact that I have been on it for a whole year ( ie a decade , see second paragraph above ) and have in that time accumulated a fairly large number of followers allows them lazily to go straight to my “ Twitter feed ” ( as they insist on calling it ) and either crediting me with being a kind of a Citizen Smith of the Twitting Popular Front , or blaming me for hypocritically claiming to strike blows for press freedom with one hand while trying to censor journalism with the other .
Advertisement
And what am I after all ?
What right have I to wield this kind of influence ?
A question people have been asking about journalists for years , but which they have every right to ask about me too .
I do n’t know what business I have wielding influence either .
This whole thing has just grown up around me and now I cannot help wondering if , despite my preference for turd - sucking over politics , I have found myself in a new Fifth Estate political assembly , willy - nilly hailed as some sort of tribune by friendly people on one side and being yelled at by unfriendly people on the other .
I am not cut out for the hurly - burly of adversarial politics .
I am not qualified to represent anyone nor , I cannot repeat often enough , do I wish to .
So I should shut up .
That seems to be the only sensible thing to do .
I should shut the fuck up .
Twitter and Me
It all seems rather unfair , he wailed piteously .
A pleasant twittery microblogging service that I joined in the spirit of curiosity and fun has emerged as a real force in the land and it is of course fascinating and pleasing to see this .
I am , despite my prolix propensities and orotund enunciations , infantile .
I like toys , I never plan ahead and I have little thought for consequences .
I had no agenda with joining Twitter a year ago other than popping my toe in its water and seeing what the temperature was .
It was not part of a clever commercial plan to “ build my brand ” ( whatever the arse that means ) nor to sell tickets , books and DVDs nor to ready myself for government , nor to disseminate a point of view nor to raise my profile in the media .
I was travelling in Africa and other spots around the globe and I thought it would be an interesting way of sending little postcards to anyone who might be interested .
A tweet is a 140 word expression of what ’s on one ’s mind , what one is doing or dreaming of .
No one , not Biz Stone and the other founders of the service , not you nor I and certainly not anyone in the mainstream or techno press , ever had the faintest idea what Twitter would become .
We still do not know what it will become .
Some of those who dismissed it as it rose in popularity will now be slinking embarrassedly to the sign - on page , while political ginger groups of all kinds , right left , religious secular , fanatical and mild , will be sitting around wondering how to harness its power .
‘ Political consultants ’ who had never heard of the service six months ago will be hiring themselves out as experts who can create a ‘ powerful , influential and profitable Twitter brand ’ .
And the moronic and gullible clients will line up for this new nostrum like prairie settlers queuing for snake oil and salvation .
“ If a twazzock like Stephen Fry can wield such influence , ” the mainstream parties and their think tanks will be saying , “ just imagine what we can do if we get our Twitter strategy right . ”
Well , I contend that I do not wield influence .
I contend that Twitter users are not sheep but living , dreaming , thinking , hoping human beings with minds , opinions and aspirations of their own .
Of the 860,000 or so who follow me the overwhelming majority are too self - respecting , independent - minded and free - thinking to have their opinions formed or minds made up for them in any sphere , least of all Twitter .
Is it now my turn to be disingenuous , you might be wondering ?
I do not think so .
I do n’t propose to put it to the test by urging my followers to sign a petition to bring back the death penalty or have Jan Moir sued or some other cause of which I do not approve , just in order to see whether I can bend them to my evil will , but I can guarantee that were I to do so I would get thousands of “ Boo , Stephen , I thought better of you then that ” , “ Stephen have you run mad ? ” , “ Stephen I think you should lie down in a darkened room for a while ” types of tweet in response .
Incidentally , in the case of both the Trafigura scandal and the Daily Mail article , I was late on the scene .
I was neither an opinion former nor a trend - setter .
Both Trafigura and Jan Moir were high in the top ten Twitter trending lists by the time I tweeted my first tweets on the subject .
Twitter being what it is you can check this out .
All tweets and their time of posting are logged and every statistic recorded .
Contrary to appearances I have another life and do not spend all my time monitoring screens and detecting every twitch on the filament of the web .
So you see , my influence really is wildly overstated by journalists who could take the trouble to see that I am more often behind the curve than ahead of it , more often reactive than proactive .
I will concede that sheer force of numbers can cause me to break sites and to swell the ranks of a trend , but Twitter and the causes espoused on it all get on perfectly well without me .
Twitter and Governance
Perhaps the foregoing is the most fatuous and maddening aspect of the press ’s ( perfectly understandable ) fear , fascination and dread of Twitter : the insulting notion that twitterers are wavy reeds that can be blown this way or that by the urgings of a few prominent ‘ opinion formers ’ .
It is hooey , it is insulting hooey and it is wicked hooey .
The press dreads Twitter for all kinds of reasons .
Celebrities ( whose doings sell even broadsheet newspapers these days ) can cut them out of the loop and speak direct to their fans which is of course most humiliating and undermining .
But also perhaps the deadwood press loathes Twitter because it is like looking in a time mirror .
Twitter is to the public arena what the press itself was two hundred and fifty years ago — a new and potent force in democracy , a thorn in side of the established order of things .
I do n’t suppose there can be many in Britain who do not agree with the proposition that the Four Estates are decaying .
The Estate that matters , or ought to matter , is the Commons .
It is an old way of saying the common people , or as we would say now , the people .
The Commons in Parliament Assembled have not now become the Commons in Twitter Assembled , any more than the presses that rolled in the eighteenth century calling for freedom and ridiculing the powerful and the corrupt of the age were the Commons in Pamphlets Assembled .
But the twinternet shows that the focus is shifting .
The Commons in Parliament Assembled have never been so distrusted and more importantly — for we humans rightly put more faith in our hearts than our heads — they have never been so disliked .
I am not a representative of the Commons in Twitter Assembled .
I write this as an observer of a new and interesting trend , a trend that might conceivably play as important a role in the forging of a new polity as the development of the presses did in the eighteenth century .
There is an energy abroad in the kingdom , one that yearns for a new openness in our rule making , our justice system and our administration .
Do not imagine for a minute that I am saying Twitter is it .
Its very name is the clue to its foundation and meaning .
It is not , as I have pointed out before , called Ponder or Debate .
It is called Twitter .
But there again some of the most influential publications of the eighteenth century had titles like Tatler , Rambler , Idler and Spectator .
Hardly suggestive of earnest political intent either .
History has a habit of choosing the least prepossessing vessels to be agents of change .
Twitter may seem to some to be dominated by bien pensant , liberal spirits at the moment .
Will I be so optimistic about it when these spirits are matched by forces of religiosity and nationalism that might not accord with my chattering - class , liberal elite preferences ?
When the political machines march in and start recruiting and acquiring millions of followers , giving them the power to close sites with DDOS slashdotting campaigns , what will I say then ?
Well , all kinds of bleak scenarios are possible .
But for the moment let me believe in democracy and the good sense and good intentions of the commons .
We commons have long treasured our ancient liberties .
They stretch back in time , marked by Magna Carta , Milton ’s Areopagitica , 1688 and the Bill of Rights , Wilkes and Liberty , the Peterloo Massacre , the Tolpuddle Martyrs , the Chartists , the Reform Bill , the Jarrow marches and innumerable other milestones that have led us to this point .
The ancient liberties of the common people have found expression in plays , poems , ballads , essays , journalism , cinema , television and now they find a voice in Twitter and the internet .
One medium has never replaced the other , but complemented and enhanced it .
Let there not be war between Twitter and the press .
Let them both be agents for freedom of speech and a better way of governing ourselves .
Meanwhile what of me ?
Hundreds of requests pour in every day asking me to use my strange , new - found ability to connect to a lot of people .
It is as if I own a billboard on the busiest road in Britain .
Some seem to think I have a duty to relay their message .
Indeed they get quite shirty if I do not , as if I am a public service to which they have every right .
Publishers want books mentioned , charities or individuals want good causes pointed to , individuals want their birthdays mentioned and their political campaigns supported : through it all I continue to try to use the service like a good twitterer , balancing public service announcements with the trivial core identity of Twitter .
I blather about my day , my likes and my dislikes , I sometimes try to be amusing and I allow my incoherent thoughts to tumble out .
I routinely press send without thinking and I often get myself into trouble .
That is what Twitter is all about .
But maybe the very fact that I have so many followers now disqualifies me from stating the sort of opinions all others are free to – as if I were a member of the royal family .
Lord , what a thought .
The best I can do is hope for a quiet week ahead …
San Juan , Puerto Rico ( CNN ) --
Investigators do n't know if the massive fire at a fuel storage facility near San Juan was deliberately started or was an accident , the agent in charge of the FBI 's San Juan office said Monday .
The blaze , which started with an explosion at the Caribbean Petroleum Corp. facility in Bayamon municipality early Friday , was extinguished Sunday , firefighters said .
Some of the tanks continued to smolder and crews stood ready to fight any flare - up .
" We do n't know if it 's a crime scene , " said FBI Special Agent Luis Fraticelli .
" We do n't know if it 's an accident , so we 're not making any determinations at this point until our experts do their work , do their analysis and then provide input to us as to what they feel happened here . "
Puerto Rico is a territory of the United States .
The FBI is investigating graffiti found on two San Juan tunnels that referred to a fire , Special Agent Harry Rodriguez said Friday .
A spray - painted message on the tunnels , less than three miles apart , said : " Boom , fire , RIP , Gulf , Soul , ACNF . "
Caribbean Petroleum owns the Gulf Oil brand , but Rodriguez said he did not know what ACNF referred to .
Hundreds of firefighters battled the blaze , which began with an explosion early Friday morning .
That explosion shook the ground with the force of a 2.8 - magnitude earthquake , authorities said .
Flames shot into the air while plumes of thick , black smoke hovered over the region .
Agents from the FBI and the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives were investigating to determine whether the explosion was an act of sabotage or an accident .
Seventeen tanks were destroyed by flames and the initial explosion .
Puerto Rico's governor , Luis Fortuno , said the main priority of his government is to counter any long - term effects of air and water pollution caused by the disaster .
Representatives from the Environmental Protection Agency have been checking air quality near the fire .
" We 're not finding levels that would be of concern , " said Bonnie Bellow , EPA spokeswoman .
She said the fire had been so intense because it was " burning off chemicals that are part of the fuel . "
About 600 displaced people stayed in shelters on Sunday night , but many were being sent home .
Dr. Lorenzo Gonzalez , Puerto Rico's health secretary , tests conducted on the air and water showed no reason for concern .
Because they were placed in close proximity in the facilities , everyone in the shelters and all the emergency personnel were vaccinated against the H1N1 flu virus as a precaution , Gonzalez said .
President Obama declared an emergency in Puerto Rico , which frees up federal aid .
Fortuno said the blaze has cost the island at least $ 6.4 million .
The governor sought to allay fears over gasoline supplies .
Caribbean Petroleum owns 200 gas stations in the island and several inland distribution facilities , and supplies much of the island 's fuel .
Puerto Rico will receive 3.6 million gallons of regular gasoline , more than 1 million gallons of premium gasoline and more than 1 million gallons of diesel fuel to help make up for what may have been lost , Fortuno said .
The company has been cited for violations of the federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act , the main law in the United States that deals with the disposal of solid and hazardous wastes , according to EPA spokeswoman Bellow .
Caribbean Petroleum is under a corrective - action plan , she said .
CNN 's Rafael Romo and Arthur Brice contributed to this report .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Billionaire Warren Buffett said that while his businesses have bottomed after the worst financial crisis in decades , he saw few upticks and ruled out a buoyant holiday season .
Billionaire financier and Berkshire Hathaway Chief Executive Officer Warren Buffett plays a game of bridge with " Warren Buffet " playing cards during the shareholders annual meeting in Omaha , Nebraska May 3 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Carlos Barria
Consumer demand will recover and it is likely that the economy would come back in two years rather than in one , Buffett said during an interview with Charlie Rose .
“ Our businesses , they ’ve bottomed ... ( there are ) very few upticks , ” said Buffett , the world ’s second richest man , in response to Rose ’s question about whether the “ economic panic ” is over .
Last month , preliminary government data showed the U.S. economy expanded in the third quarter , the first three - month period of growth since the second quarter of 2008 .
Nonetheless , the U.S. unemployment rate last month reached 10.2 percent , the first double - digit reading in 26 years .
Buffett last week made a big bet on the U.S. economy when his Berkshire Hathaway Inc agreed to pay about $ 26.4 billion for the 77 percent of railroad company Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corp that it did not already own .
Buffett , perhaps the world ’s most admired investor , estimated the U.S. dollar will depreciate as the U.S. government prints more dollars .
“ The question is how much it depreciates in value , ” said Buffett , 79 .
The dollar has declined around 15 percent against a basket of six major currencies .
DXY > from the highs set in March and is down more than 37 percent from a peak in 2001 .
Buffett estimated the U.S. Congress will have to raise taxes and close the budget gap , which hit a record $ 1.4 trillion in the fiscal year closed at the end of September .
“ In the end , Congress is the one that determines the value of the dollar over time .
If they follow policies that require us printing too much of it , monetizing debt and all that sort of thing , dollars will become worth a lot less , ” Buffett said .
“ They ’ve got to raise taxes now that income will go up as the recession ends anyway , but they ’re going to have to close the gap between expenditures , ” Buffett said .
Massive budget deficits could unnerve investors , worried that they spell additional government bond issuance to finance the funding gap , and the White House has said it plans to use the 2011 budget as a blueprint to improve the fiscal position .
“ We cannot keep running fiscal deficits like we are currently without having a lot of consequences over time , ” Buffett said .
Some 450,000 animals bred for animal testing were killed last year because they were surplus to requirements or the wrong sex , according to a new report from the food and consumer product safety authority VWA .
The surplus animals , which cost the animal testing industry € 2 m , included mice , rats , rabbits , cats , dogs and apes , the report shows .
In total , more than a million animals were bred for use in laboratories in the Netherlands last year .
The number of actual experiments carried out on animals was down slightly on 2007 , the VWA said .
Some 52 % of the experiments were for scientific study and 37 % in connection with developing new drugs .
Top Democrats fear that unless Obama is more assertive , the military chain of command will undermine his July 2011 target .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO
Who 's in charge : Generals or Obama ?
Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the U.S. commander in Afghanistan , goes before Congress this week , and with him comes this question :
Who ’s really in charge here , the generals or President Barack Obama ?
The long - awaited hearings , beginning Tuesday before the House and Senate Armed Services committees , are a bookend of sorts to Obama ’s address last Tuesday at West Point committing 30,000 more troops to the war effort in Afghanistan .
Implicit in the president ’s decision is an effective cap of about 100,000 for the American force , but top Democrats fear that unless Obama is more assertive , the military chain of command will undermine his July 2011 target to begin some U.S. withdrawal .
Advertisement
“ The president ’s decision is already being softened and made mush of , ” Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin ( D - Mich . ) told POLITICO .
And within the House and Senate Appropriations committees , senior Democrats — themselves veterans of past wars — have grown increasingly concerned by the political clout of a generation of younger , often press - savvy military commanders .
McChrystal and his strong ally , Gen. David Petraeus , commander of the U.S. Central Command , are quotable stars in today ’s modern media ; their wartime budgets not only are large but also give them exceptional discretion that is the envy of their foreign policy partners in the State Department .
The September leak of McChrystal ’s confidential report on the need for more troops helped box in Obama and quickly became grist for the Republican political mill .
Even before that , Rep. John Murtha ( D - Pa. ) , chairman of the House defense appropriations panel , complained of what he saw as a pattern of news reports from the military in Afghanistan promoting a buildup .
And while Obama has a retired general of his own in National Security Adviser Jim Jones , the 65 - year - old Marine four - star has not been the counterweight that many of his admirers had predicted .
“ I ’ve always believed that the president of the United States is the commander in chief , ” said Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Daniel Inouye ( D - Hawaii ) , who was awarded the Medal of Honor in World War II .
“ It concerns me when I see my president , the commander in chief , having to debate with generals .
They can do that privately , but he should be able to say to General A , ‘ This is the way we ’re going to do our business . ’ ... I would expect generals to advise the president but not to go public . ”
The U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan , retired Lt. Gen. Karl Eikenberry — whose own cables critical of a military buildup were leaked in November — appears alongside McChrystal this week .
And having them side by side underscores the need for greater clarity and cooperation going forward .
“ The pace [ of withdrawal ] is condition - based .
The location is condition - based .
But what was n’t condition - based is the beginning , ” Levin said of the July 2011 date .
“ I want to see if McChrystal says , yes , he understands that . ”
“ Second , does he support it ?
He ’s not obligated to .
I ’m asking for his honest personal opinion .
If he has a different opinion , he should tell us .
He ’s obligated to tell us .
...
Their advice should be private , ... with the one caveat [ that ] if they are asked by a congressional committee for their best professional opinion , they are duty bound to give it to us . ”
For all the tensions , independent observers say the driving force behind Obama ’s decision was the deteriorating security situation in Afghanistan and Pakistan , and Jones could n’t be expected to stand down the military .
“ Our system is a dialectical one .
Countering forces produce a ‘ synthesis , ’ ” said one Washington veteran of past war debates .
But much will rest now on Defense Secretary Robert Gates to make the decision stick — and be a bridge between the uniformed military and White House .
Together with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Gates dominated House and Senate hearings last week on the president ’s decision , and the two were prominent on Sunday morning new shows , as well .
July 2011 is “ the beginning of a process , ” Gates told NBC News ’s “ Meet the Press ” and one that he estimated could run three to four years past that date .
“ We will begin to thin our forces and begin to bring them home .
But the pace of that ... will depend on circumstances on the ground .
And those judgments will be made by our commanders in the field . ”
Just as important , in Senate testimony last week , Gates said what has been left unsaid by others : that the military establishment agrees no more troops will be requested beyond the current planned surge .
This came in a little - noticed exchange in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , where Gates first spelled out that he has been given the discretion to add 3,000 support personnel beyond the combat brigades , bringing the so - called surge component to potentially 33,000 .
“ You have no doubt that we will not be adding more troops to Afghanistan after this deployment , outside of the 3,000 potentially that you have may have to add ? ” asked Sen .
Ted Kaufman ( D - Del . ) .
“ That is the commitment that we have made to the president , ” Gates said .
That Kaufman pursued this question was not entirely surprising :
His former boss , Vice President Joe Biden , was among those most leery of McChrystal ’s initial troop request .
But it also shows how much the administration , beginning with the president , wants to beat down any comparisons to the steady escalation of troops committed to Vietnam in the ’60s .
“ So this is not like ... comparisons to Vietnam .
This is not even like Iraq , ” Kaufman said in reply to Gates .
“ This is a firm commitment by the president of the United States , agreed by the major foreign policy strategic planners in our government , that in July 2011 we ’re going to start drawing down troops and we ’re not going to be adding more troops . ”
To be sure , implementing that decision — like Vietnam — is easier said than done , and one of the ironies of the debate thus far is that while the administration keeps saying this is n’t Vietnam , they keep talking about it .
In explaining the “ unholy alliance ” of Al Qaeda and Taliban forces , Gates suddenly felt compelled to double - back and say he was n’t restating a new domino theory — made famous by Lyndon B. Johnson ’s insistence that the U.S. would be fighting on “ the beaches of Waikiki ” if Vietnam fell to the communists .
Clinton herself spoke of “ Afghanization ” — echoing then - President Richard Nixon ’s “ Vietnamization ” policy in 1969 .
And in the long press accounts Sunday of their own decision making , White House aides — many of whom grew up after Vietnam — made a point that they ’d gone back and read Gordon Goldstein ’s 2008 “ Lessons in Disaster ” on McGeorge Bundy , a key adviser to both John F. Kennedy and Johnson on the Indochina war .
In truth , there ’s nothing about the U.S. involvement in Afghanistan thus far that matches the murderous killing in Vietnam — and nothing quite like North Vietnam itself , which was able to send large , even mechanized , forces into the South to support insurgent guerrillas .
But the presence of porous borders , the challenge of building and partnering with the Afghan security forces and the large costs to the American taxpayer are all real — and similar to Vietnam .
Most focus has been on the immediate cost of the added troops this year and a forthcoming supplemental spending bill that could approach $ 40 billion , when added funds for the State Department ’s “ civilian surge ” are added .
But this is only a first payment , and given Gates ’s and Clinton ’s answers , the increased commitment knocks a far larger hole in Obama ’s budget .
Until now , the administration has estimated it could get through fiscal 2010 , ending next Sept. 30 , with $ 130 billion for overseas contingency funds for Iraq and Afghanistan .
From 2011 through 2014 , it predicted it would need only $ 50 billion annually since the pace of the U.S. withdrawal from Iraq is to accelerate over the coming year .
In fact , these numbers will clearly be inadequate , and in 2011 alone , whatever happens in July that year , the war - related costs will be double , if not triple , what ’s projected .
Perhaps the most difficult challenge for McChrystal in this same period is the planned buildup of Afghan forces , who must be prepared to begin taking over territory from McChrystal ’s troops in 18 months .
In this case , both he and Obama are paying a huge price for the lack of investment under the Bush administration , and the U.S. must run at almost double - time pace to catch up with where it wants to be .
Gates has testified that the goal is to have an Afghan army of 170,000 by July 2011 , but Adm .
Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told senators that only about 98,000 Afghan troops are trained to date , and many of them are not yet in the field .
In a year ’s time , the goal is to have this number at 134,000 , but the lack of Afghan partners poses a more immediate challenge in deciding where the U.S. can now best target its own military operations against Taliban strongholds in the Kandahar and Helmand regions .
How long can the U.S. hold an area — without Afghan partners — and not appear to be an occupying force to villagers most affected ?
It ’s a decision for McChrystal in the field but also one that has to be watched closely for Obama , now that this is his war , as well .
“ He ’s got to be very , very much on top of the type of missions and the way in which these troops are deployed , ” Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman John Kerry ( D - Mass . ) told POLITICO .
“ It ’s clear to me that there are limitations .
We should not be going in , clearing and holding areas where we do n’t have the ability to come in immediately with Afghans . ”
“ If we do n’t , we ’re going to be digging ourselves a hole , ” he said .
“ [ Obama ] has to very careful not to allow that to happen . ”
Scientists have finally identified the mysterious source of X - ray emissions at the center of our galaxy 's youngest supernova :
Inside the remains of Cassiopeia A sits a baby neutron star surrounded by a thin layer of carbon .
Twenty times heavier than our sun and 11,000 light years away , Cassiopeia A was a dense star whose explosion was observed from Earth roughly 330 years ago .
The supernova left behind a dense central core 12.5 miles wide that was first spotted in 1999 by NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory .
But until now , astronomers had n't come up with a model to explain the object 's confusing X - ray emission spectrum .
Previous attempts had come up with a stellar radius too small to be a neutron star , or a non-uniform surface temperature , which did n't make sense .
Now , combining data from two prior studies , researchers have discovered that Cassiopeia 's X - ray emission pattern can be explained by the presence of a very young neutron star with a low magnetic field and an unusually thin carbon atmosphere .
Published Wednesday in Nature , the findings make Cassiopeia 's core the youngest neutron star scientists have ever encountered .
" This discovery helps us understand how neutron stars are born in violent supernova explosions , " astrophysicist Craig Heinke of the University of Alberta said in a press release .
" This neutron star was born so hot that nuclear fusion happened on its surface , producing a carbon atmosphere just 10 centimeters thick . "
Images : 1 ) A Chandra X-ray Observatory image of the supernova remnant Cassiopeia A , NASA / CXC / Southampton / W. Ho . 2 ) A close - up of the same image , with an artist 's rendering of the neutron star at the center of the remnant , NASA / CXC / M. Weiss .
See Also :
Posted by : Loren Coleman on November 18th , 2009
The Japan Times and other news outlets are reporting on November 18 , 2009 , that a team from an aquarium in Iwaki , Japan has successfully , in a world first , photographed juvenile coelacanths ( example above ) , a fish regarded as a living fossil , off Indonesia ’s Sulawesi Island .
Aquamarine Fukushima reports that the small newborns were found Oct. 6 , 2009 , at a depth of 161 meters in Manado Bay off North Sulawesi Province .
This is near where the Indonesian coelacanth was first discovered in a fish market in 1997 , and then off - shore in 1998 ( seen below ~ it is brown because it has died ) .
Examination of captured specimens has shown that their eggs hatch inside the female and the young , known as pups , are born as fully formed juveniles .
The young coelacanths photographed by Aquamarine Fukushima were 31.5 cm long and appeared to be newborn .
Aquamarine Fukushima used a remotely operated , self - propelled vehicle with a camera attached , that they have been utilizing since undertaking field surveys in North Sulawesi beginning in 2005 .
In collaboration with the Research Center for Oceanography of the Indonesian Institute of Sciences , and the Faculty of Fisheries and Marine Sciences of Sam Ratulangi University , the Japanese aquarium is overjoyed with the results obtained .
The International Cryptozoology Museum ( Portland , Maine ) congratulates Aquamarine Fukushima for this outstanding discovery !
( Logo created by Duncan Hopkins . )
This classic “ living fossil , ” the modern coelacanth was famously discovered in 1938 by Marjorie Courtenay - Latimer , a museum director in East London , South Africa ( shown above with the “ first ” coelacanth ; shown below with # 2 , discovered in 1952 ) .
From the stamp collection of Philip R. Burns .
Coelacanths could be very big news next year ; this is the Wild Safari replica of the new coelacanth replica for 2010 .
The Wild Safari Coelacanth is 5.75 inches long , 3 inches in height ( 14.6 x 7.6 cm ) .
Two images of an Indonesian coelacanth ( Latimeria menadoensis ) replica that was recently , exclusively , produced by Colorata , for a Japanese aquarium .
Photo courtesy of Brent Swancer .
The first Indonesian ( adult ) coelacanth captured by locals , on behalf of scientists Mark and Arnaz Mehta Erdmann , who described the discovery in the September 24 , 1998 issue of Nature .
Photo courtesy of the Erdmanns .
About Loren Coleman
Loren Coleman is one of the world ’s leading cryptozoologists , some say “ the ” leading living cryptozoologist .
Certainly , he is acknowledged as the current living American researcher and writer who has most popularized cryptozoology in the late 20th and early 21st centuries .
Starting his fieldwork and investigations in 1960 , after traveling and trekking extensively in pursuit of cryptozoological mysteries , Coleman began writing to share his experiences in 1969 .
An honorary member of Ivan T. Sanderson ’s Society for the Investigation of the Unexplained in the 1970s , Coleman has been bestowed with similar honorary memberships of the North Idaho College Cryptozoology Club in 1983 , and in subsequent years , that of the British Columbia Scientific Cryptozoology Club , CryptoSafari International , and other international organizations .
He was also a Life Member and Benefactor of the International Society of Cryptozoology ( now - defunct ) .
Loren Coleman ’s daily blog , as a member of the Cryptomundo Team , served as an ongoing avenue of communication for the ever - growing body of cryptozoo news from 2005 through 2013 .
He returned as an infrequent contributor beginning Halloween week of 2015 .
Coleman is the founder in 2003 , and current director of the International Cryptozoology Museum in Portland , Maine .
This entry was posted on Wednesday , November 18th , 2009 at 8:02 am and is filed under Breaking News , Classic Animals of Discovery , CryptoZoo News , Extinct , Museums , Photos .
You can follow responses via our RSS 2.0 feed .
You can skip to the end and leave a response .
Pinging is not allowed .
Facebook Google + Twitter Pinterest Email Print Delicious Digg Fark Google Instapaper LinkedIn MySpace Newsvine Pocket Readability Reddit StumbleUpon Tumblr Yahoo !
Pfizer has said it wants to put the " trust issues " behind it US drugmaker Pfizer has agreed to pay $ 2.3 bn ( £ 1.4bn ) in the largest healthcare fraud settlement in the history of the Department of Justice .
It comes after the firm was found to have illegally promoted four drugs for uses which had not been approved by medical regulators .
A subsidiary of the firm pleaded guilty to misbranding drugs " with the intent to defraud or mislead " .
US officials said Pfizer would have to enter a corporate integrity agreement .
It will be subject to additional public scrutiny by requiring it to make " detailed disclosures " on its website .
Pfizer 's general counsel said : " We regret certain actions taken in the past , but are proud of the action we 've taken to strengthen our internal controls . "
Acting US attorney for the District of Massachusetts Mike Loucks said : " The size and seriousness of this resolution , including the huge criminal fine , reflect the seriousness and scope of Pfizer 's crimes . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The company faces a criminal fine of $ 1.195bn and a subsidiary company of Pfizer - Pharmacia & Upjohn - will forfeit $ 105 m .
The remaining $ 1bn fine was levied to resolve the allegations under the civil False Claims Act .
Four drugs
The civil settlement also relates to allegations that Pfizer paid bribes and offered lavish hospitality to healthcare providers to encourage them to prescribe four of the company 's drugs .
These were Bextra , an anti-inflammatory drug , Geodon , an anti-psychotic drug , Zyvox , an antibiotic and Lyrica , an epilepsy treatment .
The investigation was trigged by allegations made by six whistle - blowers .
They will receive $ 102 m of the civil fines paid by Pfizer .
" Although these types of investigations are often long and complicated and require many resources to achieve positive results , the FBI will not be deterred from continuing to ensure that pharmaceutical companies conduct business in a lawful manner , " said Kevin Perkins , FBI assistant director , Criminal Investigative Division .
The pharmaceutical firm said earlier this year that it would pay the fine " to put issues that diminish trust behind us " .
Pfizer reported a 90 % drop in profit to $ 268 m in the fourth quarter of 2008 , because of the $ 2.3 bn legal settlement , indicating that the company was aware they would be paying this sum before the terms of the deal with the Department of Justice were announced .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In January of 2017 the US Energy Information Administration predicted that winter heating costs would rise for most Americans .
The agency expects costs to rise anywhere from 5 % – 38 % depending on the heat source , as compared to the winter of 2016 .
These rising costs hit hardest on the wallets of the poor .
What may be surprising , however , is the grim reality that hundreds of Americans succumb to the bitter conditions every year .
The US Centers for Disease Control estimates that that around 1,200 people a year die from cold - weather related causes of death .
Over half of these will be elderly and many more will be children or disabled adults , in homes unable to afford adequate heating .
For America ’s financially disadvantaged , it is estimated that paying the monthly winter fuel bill equals a 30 % income investment , as compared to a 10 % cost for more economically advantaged families .
Sadly , such an expense each month only serves to increase the gap between “ the haves and the have - nots . ”
Research compiled by the ( now defunct ) National Fuel Funds
Network concluded that fuel poverty leads to “ heat or eat situations , [ where ] families strive in vain for a safe balance between paying for food and paying for energy . ”
For those able to help and those in need of assistance , here are some options :
Die Protestpartei soll in die rechte Ecke gedrängt werden
Schon wieder eine Grenzüberschreitung : Der Politiker gab sich naiv und fand gar nichts dabei , dem Blatt ein Interview zu geben .
Dabei war gerade diese Publikation so etwas wie das Zentralorgan des Rassismus , hetzte in beinahe jeder Ausgabe gegen Moslems und ganz allgemein den „ Islam - Faschismus “ , wünschte Sunniten wie Schiiten bei jeder Gelegenheit amerikanische Bomben auf den Kopf .
Auch Gewalt , ja Terrorismus wird in dem Blatt befürwortet , sofern der politische Gegner aufs Korn genommen wird .
Wie kann eine Partei , die frischen Wind bringen will , sich einem solchen extremistischen Medium als Gesprächspartner andienen ?
Ist hier die Rede von Andreas Popp , dem Vizevorsitzenden der Piraten , und seinem Auftritt in der Wochenzeitung JUNGE FREIHEIT ?
Gerade nicht .
Es geht vielmehr um das Interview von Martin Sonnenborn , des Vorsitzenden des Titanic - Spaßproduktes DIE PARTEI , in der Monatszeitung KONKRET .
Dieses erschien in der August - Ausgabe und war dem Mainstream keinen Skandal Wert , obwohl sich die Hamburger Publikation in Sachen Antiislamismus höchstens noch von anderen Blättchen aus dem linken Spektrum wie Jungle World und Bahamas übertrumpfen lässt .
Das geht durch , weil die Hetze antifaschistisch verkauft wird : Im Kampf gegen den Islamo - Faschismus ist jedes Mittel Recht .
Ein schönes Beispiel ist etwa diese KONKRET - Ausgabe : Schwerpunktheft zu „ Allahs Demokraten “ – und dazu das Titelbild , bluttriefende Männern mit langen Messern .
Klarer Fall von Volksverhetzung , oder ?
Bei aller notwendigen Kritik : Demgegenüber ist die Junge Freiheit recht zahm .
Trotzdem fallen nun alle über die Piraten her : Die unvermeidlich Taz , Zeit , Spiegel und am Ende kommt auch noch die Junge Welt angeschleimt .
Logisch , die jW fand – jedenfalls , als ich noch dabei war – nichts dabei , in KONKRET Anzeigen zu schalten und lässt gerne KONKRET - Autoren bei sich schreiben .
Ein national - konservatives
Blatt wie JF aber findet keine Gnade , obwohl es vor Gericht alle Prozesse gegen den Verfassungsschutz gewonnen hat .
Zeit für die Piraten , offensiv gegen die Verleumder zurückzuschlagen .
Man versucht , Euch vor der Bundestagswahl in die rechte Ecke zu drängen , weil eure aufsteigende Kurve – 0,4 Prozent im Frühjahr ; 0,9 Prozent bei den Europawahlen ; 1,9 Prozent in Sachsen - Anhalt – Euch bei den Bundestagswahlen in bedrohliche Nähe zur 5 - Prozent - Hürde bringen kann .
Also wird die Nazi - Keule rausgeholt …
Ihr müßt Euch nicht ducken und verteidigen !
Seid Ihr Piraten oder seid Ihr Memmen ?
Heraus mit dem Säbel – und dann die Angreifer an die Planken genagelt !
Oder schmeißt sie über die Reling – zurück in den politisch - korrekten Schlick , aus dem sie gekrochen kamen !
Denn eines dürft
Ihr nie vergessen : Die Antifaschisten , das seid IHR !
Ihr kämpft doch gegen die neue Form des Faschimus , gegen den totalen Überwachungsstaat , gegen die Orwell - Diktatur , gegen Schäubles Stasi 2.0 – oder etwa nicht ?
Dann seid
Ihr auf der Höhe der Zeit , die Partei der Freiheit und des Antifaschismus !
Eure Opponenten firmieren unter antifa – aber Achtung , das sind keine Antifaschisten , sondern bloß Antifanten : die pawlowschen Hunde der Neuen Weltordnung , die jeden als rechts oder Nazi verbellen , der dieser Ordnung , wie Ihr , gefährlich werden könnte .
Und laßt Euch nicht davon verunsichern , dass auch anständige Linke sich von dieser political Correctness haben anstecken lassen :
Ich habe fast zwei Jahrzehnte in linken Redaktionen gearbeitet und weiß , wie verheerend diese Gehirnfäule gewütet hat und immer weiter wütet .
Das Notwendige zur Sache selbst konnte man übrigens in „ Endstation rechts “ lesen ( Auszug siehe unten ) .
Diese preisgekröne Website von Mathias Brodkorb , eines SPD - Landtagsabgeordneten aus MeckPomm , zeigt , dass in der real existierenden antifa -Bewegung nicht alle gaga geworden sind .
In diesem Sinne : No pasaran !
Pasaremos !
— — — –
Auszug aus „ Endstation rechts “ :
(…)
Beispielhaft bringt der Spreeblick die Aufregung auf den Punkt .
Bei der Interviewanfrage der „ Jungen Freiheit “ hätten die Piraten sich dafür entschieden , „ Rechtsextreme zu instrumentalisieren .
Und sich gleichzeitig durch Rechtsextreme instrumentalisieren lassen . “
Dass es sich bei der „ Jungen Freiheit “ um ein rechtsextremes Medium handelt , wird dabei von niemandem in Frage gestellt .
Als Belege dienen ausgerechnet (!) Wikipedia - Auszüge , Anzeigenkunden und Interviewpartner .
Alles Schnipsel , die sich im Internet finden lassen .
Für den vor
Wut offenbar schäumenden Frédéric Valin steht beim Spreeblick somit fest : „ Natürlich begibt man sich , wenn man der JF ein Interview gibt , in die Gesellschaft von Nazis . “
Das sei so , weil NPD - Chef Udo Voigt ihr ein Interview gegeben hat , der Vordenker der Nouvelle Droite , Alain de Benoist , dort schreibe und FPÖ - Chef Andreas Mölzer dies auch einst getan hat .
Dass der JF - Chefredakteur die Zusammenarbeit mit Mölzer beendete , nachdem dieser ein Bündnis mit den rechtsextremen Parteien NPD und DVU suchte , wird nicht erwähnt .
Auch nicht , dass ganz andere Leute ( Egon Bahr , Peter Glotz , Ephraim Kishon , Michel Friedmann oder der Generalsekretär von Milli Görüs ) bereits mit dem Blatt gesprochen haben .
Und zum anderen hatte auch die ARD bereits Interviews mit Voigt geführt .
Ist die nun auch ein „ politisches No - Go “ ?
Wenn man sich über die „ Junge Freiheit “ aufregen will , dann doch bitte sachlich !
Was gar nicht geht , ist der Stil des Interviews , penetrant wird dort nach Belegen für das schon vorher feststehende Ergebnis gesucht .
Von der „ Piratenpartei “ kamen die erhofften Antworten : Das Zugangserschwerungsgesetz liefere die Möglichkeit zur politischen Zensur und bei ihr handele es sich nicht um eine linke Partei .
Ein im Umgang mit Medien erfahrenerer Politiker hätte sich hier vermutlich etwas diplomatischer ausgedrückt .
Dafür kann Popp kritisiert werden , für den
Ort des Interviews sicher nicht .
Im Gegenteil : Eine Partei , die von sich selbst sagt , sie setze sich für Informations - und Meinungsfreiheit ein , kann eine Interviewanfrage eines Blattes , das der Politikwissenschaftler Wolfgang Gessenharter explizit nicht zum Rechtsextremismus zählt , gar nicht ablehnen , ohne an Glaubwürdigkeit zu verlieren .
Es ist daher schon paradox , dass die „ Piraten “ einerseits ein umfassendes Recht auf Freiheit propagieren , sich nun aber selbst nicht daran halten : „ Freiheit ist immer Freiheit der Andersdenkenden .
Nicht wegen des Fanatismus der , Gerechtigkeit‘ , sondern weil all das Belebende , Heilsame und Reinigende der politischen Freiheit an diesem Wesen hängt und seine Wirkung versagt , wenn die , Freiheit ‘ zum Privilegium wird . “ ( Rosa Luxemburg )
The Community Reinvestment
Act is a law originally passed in 1977 that directed federal regulatory agencies to ensure that the banks they supervised were not discriminating against particular communities in making credit available .
The onset of the subprime mortgage crisis triggered a flood of sloppy , lazy attacks on the CRA claiming that since the crisis was created by excess lending to the poor , and the CRA was intended to increase lending to the poor , the CRA must have caused the crisis .
These arguments suffered from a mistaken premise ( subprime lending had a modest negative correlation with income , but many subprime loans were used by the middle class to buy expensive houses in the suburbs and exurbs of California and Nevada ) and a failure to check their facts ( “ Only six percent of all the higher - priced loans were extended by CRA - covered lenders to lower - income borrowers or neighborhoods in their CRA assessment areas , the local geographies that are the primary focus for CRA evaluation purposes . ” — Randall Kroszner , former Fed governor appointed by President George W. Bush , in a Federal Reserve study that also found that subprime loan performance was no worse in CRA - covered zip codes than in slightly more affluent zip codes not covered by the CRA . )
Yesterday at a Cato Institute conference , Edward Pinto , chief credit officer at Fannie from 1987 to 1989 and currently a real estate financial services industry consultant ( according to recent Congressional testimony ) , rolled out the new line .
The new argument is a curious mirror image of the old argument ( which Pinto himself may not have made ) : now the subprime explosion did not cause the housing bubble , but was caused by the housing bubble and … wait for it … the CRA caused the housing bubble , along with the affordable housing goals of Fannie and Freddie .
Before going further , it ’s time for my favorite lesson on correlation and causality .
The idea that the housing bubble caused the explosion in subprime lending is not crazy .
The worst excesses in mortgage lending happened in 2003 - 06 , after housing prices had already reached historical highs .
The idea is that with prices so high , lenders had to offer exotic mortgages ( and stop checking for documentation ) in order to make the houses affordable for new borrowers .
( Of course , there should have been stronger safeguards against those exotic mortgages — consumer protection enforcement , better credit rating agencies , etc. — but that ’s another topic . )
But the weirder part of the argument is that the CRA caused the housing bubble .
A policy could push housing prices up by increasing the availability of credit in a way that increases borrowers ’ buying power .
However , that can only contribute to a bubble if ( a ) it increases the number of loans that cannot be paid off , making price rises unsustainable and ( b ) there is some continually - increasing aspect to the policy , without which prices should simply reset at a higher level .
Pinto gets into an argument with the Federal Reserve study ( cited above ) on the performance of CRA - covered loans , claiming that those loans are doing worse than the Fed claims ; I ca n’t judge that without seeing something in more detail .
But even so , there are a few missing elements to the causal chain .
One is that the CRA should only have an effect in low - income communities , and unless the people buying houses in the Nevada desert were all people who had been priced out of low - income communities by the CRA , it ’s hard to blame the real housing price craziness on the CRA .
Another is that the CRA itself has provisions that say that lenders do not have to make loans that are unprofitable .
A third is that if the CRA was forcing banks to make unprofitable loans , then you would expect the nonbank lenders to stay out of those market segments ; in fact , we saw just the opposite .
Back in 2000 , Cato had a different line on the CRA .
Jeffrey Gunther wrote an article in a Cato journal arguing that the CRA should stand for “ Community Redundancy Act ” because competitive forces in the market made it unnecessary — lenders seeking profits would not discriminate against particular communities .
Gunther cited subprime lending as an example of the type of profit - seeking innovation that made the CRA unnecessary .
He noted exactly what CRA defenders argue today :
“ If CRA were the driving force behind the recent increases in home - purchase lending in low - income neighborhoods , we would see evidence of a treatment effect .
Lenders subject to the ‘ CRA treatment ’ [ regulated banks ] would have refocused their activity toward CRA objectives to a greater extent than lenders in the untreated control group [ nonbank lenders ] .
However , there is little evidence of such a treatment effect .
To the contrary , it was lenders in the control group that refocused their efforts in line with the mid-1990s boom in lending in low - income neighborhoods .
In fact , lending in low - income neighborhoods grew faster than other types of lending at institutions not covered by CRA , whereas low - income lending grew at the same rate as other types of lending activity for CRA - covered lenders . ”
Gunther ’s optimism about subprime lending seems naive in hindsight , although it was shared by many prominent economists and policymakers from Alan Greenspan on down .
For the CRA to be the problem , the causal factor would have to be availability of credit in low - income communities .
But from what I ’ve read , it seems like today ’s problem is no longer redlining — plenty of lenders were willing to lend to the poor .
It ’s predatory lending — they found that for various reasons it was easier to steer poor people into unnecessarily high - cost loans .
Now , I ’m no fan of policies to encourage homeownership in general .
I think we have too many of them .
But the CRA is primarily a policy to discourage discrimination , and that is something we unfortunately still need .
By James Kwak
10 Hotels and Motels Postcard Designs !
No time to design postcards for your hotel and motel ?
Here some samples to inspire you and help you save time conceptualizing !
All images on this page are provided solely for design inspiration .
Free Postcard Designs for Hotels and Motels
Print postcards in a snap !
Visit our postcards page to learn more about our product specifications .
Editor 's note : A nationally syndicated columnist , Roland S. Martin is the author of the forthcoming book , " The First : President Barack Obama 's Road to the White House as originally reported by Roland S. Martin " and of two other books , " Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and " Speak , Brother !
A Black Man's View of America . "
Visit his Web site for more information .
Roland Martin says conservative critics are wrong to chortle at the defeat of the Chicago Olympic bid .
( CNN ) --
Whenever President Obama has traveled overseas and offered pointed and direct assessments of the United States , some of them critical , Republicans have ripped him for criticizing America , saying a president should always defend the United States .
So I want to hear the explanation by these so - called patriots of their giddy behavior over the United States losing the 2016 Olympic Games .
Yes , the United States .
The bid that was rejected Friday by the International Olympic Committee was not a Chicago , Illinois , bid .
It was the official bid submitted by the United States Olympic Committee and was representative of the nation .
Tokyo's bid was that of Japan ; Madrid 's was that of Spain ; and Rio de Janeiro 's was that of Brazil .
Republicans want to spin the decision as a massive loss by President Obama and the Democrats who have always controlled Chicago politics .
" Hahahahaha , " wrote Erick Erickson on the conservative " RedState " blog , " I thought the world would love us more now that Bush was gone . "
What the critics do n't see is that Obama 's loss on the Olympics is America 's loss .
Any red - blooded American who loves to see the American flag raised and the national anthem played when one of our own wins a gold medal should blast the Republicans ' giddiness over the loss .
I can recall crying along with millions of Americans when our hockey team beat the Russians and won the hockey gold in 1980 .
Where were those games ?
Lake Placid , New York .
Euphoria spread all across the nation , not only because we beat the mighty Russians , but also because it took place on American soil .
When Carl Lewis and Mary Lou Retton dominated the 1984 Olympic Games , we all beamed with pride because they represented the United States on American soil in Los Angeles , California .
And when Michael Johnson stormed around the track to obliterate the world record in the 200 - meter dash ( since broken by Jamaica 's Usain Bolt ) , we relished the win as he took a victory lap around the stadium in Atlanta , Georgia .
Americans love home field advantage , and we always desire to show the rest of the world what we are made of .
I do n't care if Republicans want to rip President Obama over going to Copenhagen , Denmark , to pitch for the games .
This is n't about politics .
It 's not about ideology .
This is about America .
OUR pride .
Our chance to shine .
Our loss of the games .
So , to all the critics happy about us losing the 2016 games , turn in your flag lapel pins and stop boasting of being so patriotic .
When an American city loses , like New York did in the the last go - round , we all lose .
And all you critics are on the same level as the America haters all across the world .
You should be shouted down for not backing your own country .
The next time any of you bang out a press release about " Buy American " or " Support our troops , " remember this moment when your cynical , callous and small - minded brains happily rejoiced when America lost the 2016 Olympic Games .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .
All About 2016 Summer Olympics • Barack Obama
Home PICBIT : A Scheme System for the PIC Microcontroller Marc Feeley and Danny DubÃ© , PICBIT : A Scheme System for the PIC Microcontroller , Fourth Workshop on Scheme and Functional Programming .
November 7 , 2003 .
This paper explains the design of the PICBIT R4RS Scheme system which specifically targets the PIC microcontroller family .
The PIC is a popular inexpensive single - chip microcontroller for very compact embedded systems that has a ROM on the chip and a very small RAM .
The main challenge is fitting the Scheme heap in only 2 kilobytes of RAM while still allowing useful applications to be run .
PICBIT uses a novel compact ( 24 bit ) object representation suited for such an environment and an optimizing compiler and byte - code interpreter that uses RAM frugally .
Some experimental measurements are provided to assess the performance of the system .
A very interesting perspective on language implementation , found via @dhess and previous discussion .
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
What ’s Cut From Aussie Left 4 Dead 2 , And How To Uncut It
Left 4 Dead 2 got refused classification in Australia .
Valve appealed .
And lost .
So they ’ve had to release a censored version .
Let ’s see how censored it really is and how easily you can uncensor it yourself .
The aptly - named The Australian Version Thread over on the Steam community forums has an excellent summary of what ’s missing from the local , censored edition of the game .
Highlights include :
* No Gore :
When you shoot an Infected to you see a small splash of blood .
You will not see any “ gibs ” at all .
* No Blood Spatter :
You will not see blood spattering on the screen .
* No Dismemberment :
You can not shoot or melee any limbs , including the head , off an Infected .
* No Corpses :
As soon as they ’re dead , Infected bodies will disappear .
* No Burning : Infected will not catch fire from , for example , a molotov .
They will , however , still die .
* No Riot Cop :
The “ riot cop ” Uncommon Infected will not spawn at all .
In fact , if just one player on the server is running the Australian edition , the “ riot cop ” will not spawn at all .
Check this comparison video to see for yourself .
However , some clever types have worked out how to get around the censorship – at least in the demo that is now available .
And it just involves a tiny bit of editing to two files .
Click the images below to enlarge and follow the instructions here .
Now , bear in mind , this has only been tested on the demo at this stage .
It may not work on the full version of the game when it is released in just over a fortnight .
You also have to run the demo directly from its .exe rather than via Steam , which may result in some issues .
You have been warned !
[ Special thanks to Gary P and Brendan B for their tip - offs ! ]
S.P.O.C.K ( Star Pilot on Channel K ) is a synthpop band from Sweden formed around 1988 .
The subject matter of S.P.O.C. K's songs frequently centers on science fiction and , in particular , Star Trek .
Their most recent release is : " 2001 : A S.P.O.C.K Odyssey " since then the band seems to be on hiatus although as of 2013 they still do gigs once in a while .
The original lineup of the band were songwriter Eddie Bengtsson ( formerly a founding member of Page ) , Finn Albertsson , and vocalist Alexander Hofman .
Over time the members of the band have shifted : Johan Billing was a memb … read more
Way back in 1983 , when I stood as the Labour candidate in the Bermondsey byelection , I proposed the idea of a single , comprehensive anti-discrimination law , to guarantee equal treatment and protection for everyone .
At the time , this proposal was dismissed as " ultra left " , as too radical and daring .
Three decades later , however , it is close to reality .
The equality bill is continuing its passage through parliament this week and , baring sabotage in the House of Lords , will become law in 2010 .
One of its key aims is to remedy the uneven , variable patchwork of equality legislation .
The separate laws on gender , race , disabilty , age , sexual orientation , gender identity and religion or belief , will be replaced by an all - inclusive legal framework .
This will harmonise and standardise equality law , so that everyone has the same rights and protection .
Sadly , the proposed legislation does not quite live up to this laudable aim .
Despite its name , the equality bill is less than equal .
While guaranteeing full and direct protection against harassment to other vulnerable social groups , it denies this protection to lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ( LGBT ) people .
This is not an omission or oversight .
We are explicitly excluded from the anti-harassment clauses of the bill .
Also exempted is harassment on the grounds of religion or belief , in an apparent bid to appease religious bodies who want the freedom to victimise people of rival faiths or no faith .
But that 's another story .
The equality bill denies LGBT people protection in cases of homophobic harassment by school authorities , by the owners and managers of properties and by the providers of services .
Similar harassment is specifically outlawed on the grounds of age , disability , race and sex .
This omission gives a green light to homophobes .
Under this section of law , they wo n't face sanctions for anti-gay victimisation .
LGBT organisations like School 's
Out are campaigning against homophobic and transphobic bullying and harassment in schools , some of which is perpetrated or tolerated by school staff , according to a Stonewall survey of LGBT pupils , The School Report ( 2007 ) .
By excluding protection against harassment in schools on the grounds of gender reassignment and sexual orientation , this legislation is sending a signal to schools that the harassment of LGBT pupils need not be taken seriously .
Since the equality bill was intended to ensure comprehensive legal equality , all forms of harassment should be covered by its clauses .
There should be no exemptions .
In its defence , the government claims that it consulted widely and that no one offered any evidence that harassment on the grounds of sexual orientation was a serious problem that needed to be included in the bill .
This is not true .
The government initially consulted only the gay lobby group Stonewall .
This is one LGBT group among many and it does not deal with individuals suffering homophobic harassment .
Until recently , government ministers failed to consult the two LGBT organisations that assist most victims of harassment : the homophobic hate crime group , Galop , and OutRage !
We have plenty of casework evidence to show that anti-gay harassment is a significant problem and that it should be specifically outlawed by the equality bill .
The deputy minister for women and equalities , Maria Eagle MP , has also justified the exclusion of LGBT people from the anti-harassment clauses with the argument that we are protected under the Equality Bill 's " discrimination provisions . "
She wrote to me : " If a teacher ignores the bullying of a LGBT child despite tackling other bullying , this would be unlawful discrimination . "
In fact , this is only indirect protection against homophobic harassment .
Moreover , it is dependent on the LGBT child not only being able to prove that he or she was bullied and that no action was taken , but also that others were bullied for other reasons and that remedial action was pursued by the school authorities .
In other words , under the equality bill , LGBT victims of homophobic harassment are to required to prove two things to get justice .
In contrast , victims of racial or gender harassment have to prove only that the harassment took place .
They get direct protection .
The government also claims that we are making a fuss over nothing because LGBT people are already protected under general anti-harassment legislation .
We do n't need additional protection in the equality bill , according to ministers .
However , women , black , elderly and disabled people are also protected under general anti-harassment laws , yet they are included in the bill , while LGBTs are not .
Why the double standards ?
What happened to the level playing field and equal treatment that was promised when this bill was first tabled ?
The government seems to be saying that a gay person who is homophobically harassed can secure protection under general anti-harassment law , but if an ethnic minority person is racially harassed they should be protected under both the general laws against harassment and , in addition , under the equality bill .
To put it bluntly : Labour is creating a two tier legal system and denying equal protection to lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people .
Members of the parliamentary Joint Committee on Human Rights , such as Evan Harris MP , have similar concerns .
They support extending the anti-harassment protection of the equality bill to cover sexual orientation and gender identity .
Unfortunately , the government has thwarted attempts to amend the legislation by allowing very little parliamentary time for debate ; thereby ensuring that the concerns of the LGBT community are not remedied .
Other legitimate concerns have also been given short - shrift .
These include doubts expressed by the British Humanist Association and the Accord Coalition about the wisdom and morality of , in certain circumstances , exempting religious bodies from the requirement to not discriminate .
There should have been parliamentary time made available to discuss these issues too .
The way the government has handled the equality bill is typical of its frequent arrogance and high - handedness .
A commendable piece of legislation has been besmirched by the failure to fully protect against homophobic harassment .
Moreover , the truncation of parliamentary scrutiny and debate has not only been bad for the LGBT community ; it is bad for democracy itself .
On recent evenings while walking the hood , I see wood smoke emanating from houses snuggling down for the night .
Leaves are beginning to fall , and migrating birds are on the move .
That can only mean one thing - it will soon be time to turn on the heat in our home .
Forty to fifty percent of global energy demand is used for heating and cooling , and they contribute about the same percentage of greenhouse gases .
The WorldWatch Institute reports that worldwide in 2005 , half the energy use in buildings went toward space heating .
The amount of energy we use to heat our homes is huge .
But keeping comfortable has its environmental costs .
In my part of the world using electricity for heat is common , as is using wood .
Our electricity is largely hydro- powered , but dam and reservoir complexes have their own impacts .
Most North Americans rely on coal , gas , or nuclear power plants to maintain indoor comfort .
Unless you are generating renewable heat energy , your home heating is adding to the atmosphere 's carbon load .
In a recently published study by the C.D. Howe Institute , reviewed by Victoria Hollick , comparing Canadian alternative energy programs and sources , the study concludes that " the lowest - cost and highest - value programs are the renewable heat and power technologies , which include solar air heating , solar water heating , solar electricity , wind and biomass . "
Using solar energy for space and water heating is one of the most efficient and effective ways to reduce our carbon footprint .
Until such a time that our infrastructure changes to accommodate renewable solutions , most of us will be using conventional methods for space heating .
One way to reduce the impact of these old technologies is to limit our use of them .
My household has started to track " Turn On The Heat Day " as a way to see when our carbon footprint is about to increase .
It makes us aware of our personal contributions to a changing biosphere .
When we were in the north Indian town of Mussoorie , nestled in the foothills of the Himalaya , there was no Turn On The Heat Day at the guest house we were staying at .
Days were warm , but evenings could see snow and our room was quite cool .
Do n't take your coat off .
We quickly got the hang of it , though .
Stay in the sun until it sets , then don the warm clothing .
Keep it on till bedtime , then jump into bed with a couple of large water bottles filled with hot water .
It was a minimalist approach to our heating needs and worked rather well .
It made us think about our energy use back home in Alberta , also in the foothills of a major mountain range .
Since then we have made Turn On The Heat Day a fun challenge that marks the turning of the seasons ( as does Turn Off The Heat Day ) .
When the day comes depends on many variables , location , weather conditions , and personal preferences .
I imagine my sister , up on a mountain side in the Kootenays has already had her Turn On The Heat Day .
Out here on the coast it might be a few more weeks .
We will wait and see .
But as we found out during a winter storm and extended power outage , there are things that we can do to keep warm without cranking the thermostat .
In December of 2006 the coast of B.C. was hammered by the worst wind storm since the 1960's .
It knocked down thousands of trees and power poles , and we were without power for 4 days .
Our unit 's temperature sank to single digits , and bed was pretty much the place to be at any time .
Out of bed , full outdoor clothing kept us warm , as did our down sleeping bags .
We spent time in our bedroom ( a smaller space ) with a candle burning , and with our body heat , were quite comfortable .
I am not advocating winter house camping for the masses , but point out that small changes adopted collectively make a huge impact .
See how long you can delay Turn on the Heat Day .
Get out the sweaters and wool blankets .
Trust me , it 's fun .
Once you have had your day , and your heat source is up and running for the season , see if you can get by using it less .
If a space heater will suffice , use it .
Turn the thermostat down a couple degrees .
Throw less wood into the fire .
Exercise indoor more often .
A warm body is a tremendous furnace .
If possible , work toward the installation of a solar powered unit for your home .
This winter I will have a small solar - powered system for our unit on the west coast .
It will be useful during storm season , but we intend on using it as often as overcast winter days allow .
It could power our computer and lights , as well as a small space heater .
When was your Turn On The Heat Day ?
Have you had it yet ?
I would like to hear from you regarding whenday was , and what you might be doing to delay it , shy of indoor camping .
Have fun , and stay warm .
( CNN ) -- Members of the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee Thursday are taking a hard look at faulty data on the Obama administration 's Recovery.gov
Web site .
The site is fixing errors that appeared to show hundreds of millions of stimulus dollars were spent in nonexistent congressional districts , the Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board said Wednesday .
The job errors , first reported by ABC News , were seen on Recovery .
gov summary pages breaking down how many stimulus dollars were received in each state 's congressional districts .
Rep. Darrell Issa , R- California , said the jobs reporting is " entirely deceitful . "
" No government agency , private sector group or research economics has any idea what the reliable calculation track for these numbers would be , " he said .
Issa even went so far as to say that Recovery.gov was something of a propaganda campaign .
" Propaganda , a noun -- information especially of a biased or misleading nature used to promote a political cause or point of view , " he said .
" Mr. chairman it is very clear today not by the witnesses here , not by , in fact , Recovery.gov directly but by how this is being treated , how these jobs continue to be claimed , and how , in fact we are dealing with 3.8 million lost jobs and yet we are told to focus on the 640,000 saved jobs and how much worse it would be . "
Arizona 's page , for example , showed the state 's 52nd , 15th and 86th congressional districts received hundreds of thousands of dollars in stimulus money , according to CNN affiliate KNXV .
However , no such districts exist in Arizona , which has only eight congressional districts .
A report released Wednesday by the Franklin Center for Government & Public Integrity said it found such errors on pages for all 50 states , four territories and the District of Columbia .
More than $ 6.4 billion in stimulus funds were shown as being spent -- and more than 28,420 jobs saved or created -- in 440 false districts , it said .
The districts did n't exist , but the money and jobs did , Obama administration officials have said .
And the people who are to blame are recipients who apparently did n't know which congressional district they were in , the officials said .
" We report what the recipients submit to us .
Some recipients clearly do n't know what congressional district they live in , so they just throw in a number for their congressional district , " Ed Pound , spokesman for the Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board , which operates Recovery.gov , said Monday .
In an appearance on Comedy Central 's " The Daily Show " on Tuesday night , Vice President Joe Biden said the errors did n't indicate unaccounted - for spending but rather were the result of political ignorance .
" There was bad civics classes for those " who reported the data , Biden said .
" They had to fill out a form , what district are you in , and there was no such district . "
By Wednesday evening , incorrect districts appeared to have been removed from the states ' summary pages .
Arizona 's page , for example , listed only the state 's eight real districts and a category called " unassigned congressional district , " which appeared to contain all the money that had been attached to the nonexistent congressional districts .
Arizona 's " unassigned congressional district " row had $ 39,577,600 , which is roughly the total that the Franklin Center said was previously linked to nonexistent districts .
Money that was reported as having been spent in a nonexistent district would be moved , in databases on the site , to the correct one in cases where the recipient reported a ZIP code , the board said Wednesday evening .
Recipients who did n't submit a ZIP code will need to make corrections " during the next reporting period , which begins on January 1 , 2010 , " the board said in a news release .
The errors raised the ire of Rep. Dave Obey , D - Wisconsin , and chairman of the House Appropriations Committee .
On Monday , he said the mistakes " are outrageous and the administration owes itself , the Congress and every American a commitment to work night and day to correct the ludicrous mistakes . "
" Credibility counts in government , and stupid mistakes like this undermine it .
We 've got too many serious problems in this country to let that happen , " Obey said .
CNN 's Alexander Mooney , Kate Bolduan , Ed Hornick and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .
These wonderful whimsies come from Mintpass , a design company “ founded to create the future ” .
And in that future , we will delve into our computer screens and fish out an actual , working version of the picture on - screen .
Think of it as scanning in reverse .
These “ OS Calculators ” could also be called “ physicalcs ” , but we do n’t recommend it .
Modeled on the software calculators the come with Windows and OS X , they appear as fully functioning ( prototype ) pocket calculators .
Here ’s what the designer has to say : “ It will produce a big empathy and therefore inducing smiles and laughter . ”
I love them , and I did indeed feel laughter and smiles induced when I first saw them .
The folks at Mintpass are looking for a manufacturer ( and hopefully and IP lawyer ) .
They may already have been waiting a while : the brushed aluminum calculator was dropped from OS X a few years ago , and that Windows calc looks distinctly XP to me .
Product page [ Mintpass via BBG via Raw Feed ]
See Also :
On Wednesday , Sergeant Todd ’s wife , Lisa , said her husband had asked the Army to protect his identity immediately after the shootings .
Asked in the interview whether he had asked to be kept out of the limelight , Sergeant Todd said : “ Initially I wanted to stay pretty low key .
This is a tragic event .
I do n’t think the attention should be on me .
The medics are the ones who saved everybody ’s life . ”
Sergeant Todd and Sergeant Munley offered comments on the shooting Wednesday on the “ Oprah Winfrey Show . ”
They did not give a detailed chronology of what happened , nor did they say who had fired and hit the suspect .
Both are members of the civilian police force at Fort Hood .
Sergeant Todd said on the talk show that after he had fired at the suspect , he kicked his weapon away and placed him in handcuffs .
He said it was the first time in his 25 years in law enforcement and the military that he had used his weapon .
“ I just relied back on my training , ” Sergeant Todd said .
“ We ’re trained to shoot until there is no longer a threat .
And once he was laying down on his back , his weapon just fell into his hand and I ’m , like , ‘ O.K. , now ’s the time to rush him and secure him . ’ “
The confusion over what happened and the quickness of the military to label someone a hero seemed reminiscent of the case of Pfc. Jessica Lynch in 2003 , when the Army initially reported that Private Lynch had been captured in Iraq after a Rambo - like performance in which she emptied her weapon and was wounded in battle .
It was later learned she had been badly hurt in a vehicle accident during an ambush and was being well cared for by the Iraqis .
In an explicit attempt to hide Washington ’s military objectives in South America , a U.S. Air Force document submitted to Congress in May 2009 that provoked deep concerns in the region has been modified and re-published on November 16 , 2009 .
The official U.S. Air Force document , revealed and denounced by this author on November 4th , explained the justification for a $ 46 million request to improve the military installations in one of the seven bases Washington will occupy under the military accord signed on October 30th between Colombia and the United States .
The modified document has eliminated all mention of war and military operations in the region , as well as offensive language directed at Colombia ’s neighbors , Venezuela and Ecuador .
Nevertheless , Washington ’s intentions remain the same .
The original Air Force document dated May 2009 outlined the importance of the military base in Palanquero , Colombia to enable “ full spectrum military operations ” in South America .
The original military document also detailed the necessity of investing $ 46 million to improve the airfield , ramps and other essential installations on the base , converting it into a Cooperative Security Location ( CSL ) for U.S. military missions in the region .
Original U.S. Air Force document , May 2009 :
“ Establishing a Cooperative Security Location ( CSL ) in Palanquero best supports the COCOM ’s ( Command Combatant ’s ) Theater Posture Strategy and demonstrates our commitment to this relationship .
Development of this CSL provides a unique opportunity for full spectrum operations in a critical sub-region of our hemisphere where security and stability is under constant threat from narcotics funded terrorist insurgencies , anti-U.S. governments , endemic poverty and recurring natural disasters . ”
The U.S. Air Force document dated November 16 , 2009 and sent to the Congress under the title , “ Addendum to reflect terms of the U.S. - Colombia Defense Cooperation Agreement signed on 30 October 2009 , ” alters the original controversial language , eliminating key terms and references that provoked grave concerns in the region .
The November 16th Air Force document makes no mention of establishing a Cooperative Security Location ( CSL ) in Palanquero , Colombia , however it does consistently refer to Palanquero as a “ location ” , retaining the original intentions .
Furthermore , the monetary request is reduced by a mere $ 3 million to $ 43 million , evidencing that the original project remains almost 100 % in tact .
Congress had previously approved the initial $ 46 million request made by the Pentagon last Spring , conditioning the funds on the final signing of the U.S. - Colombia military accord , which was solidified on October 30th .
But the November 16th U.S. Air Force document makes a clear attempt to disguise the original intentions by eliminating the provocative language referring to “ full spectrum military operations in a critical sub-region … where security and stability is under constant threat from … anti-US governments . ”
That language in particular sparked immediate concerns and accusations regarding Washington ’s intentions to utilize Colombia as a launching pad to attack countries such as Venezuela , considered erroneously “ anti- U.S. ” by many .
The modified U.S. Air Force document of November 16 , 2009 :
“ This project at Palanquero best supports the Combatant Command ’s ( COCOM ) Theater Posture Strategy and demonstrates our commitment to this relationship [ with Colombia ] .
Development of this project provides a unique opportunity to support an important partner in a region of the western hemisphere where security and stability are under constant threat from narcotics funded terrorist insurgencies , endemic poverty and recurring natural disasters . ”
The original U.S. Air Force document identified Palanquero as the perfect place to enable the implementation of the U.S. global mobility strategy because it “ provides access to the entire South American continent . ”
Original U.S. Air Force document from May 2009 :
“ Palanquero is unquestionably the best site for investing in infrastructure development within Colombia .
Its central location is within reach of …operations areas…its isolation maximizes Operational Security ( OPSEC ) and Force Protection and minimizes the U.S. military profile .
The intent is to leverage existing infrastructure to the maximum extent possible , improve the U.S. ability to respond rapidly to crisis , and assure regional access and presence at minimum cost .
Palanquero supports the mobility mission by providing access to the entire South American continent with the exception of Cape Horn … ”
The modified document dated November 16 , 2009 eliminates all references and language referring to the “ mobility mission ” and “ access to the entire South American continent ” .
However , the global mobility strategy remains an official military policy and defense strategy of the Pentagon , evidenced in the White Paper : Global en Route Strategy of the Air Mobility Command of the U.S. Air Force , and the Pentagon ’s budget request and justification submitted in early 2009 .
Both documents specifically refer to the urgency and necessity of occupying the Palanquero base in Colombia in order to guarantee U.S. global mobility for military operations and missions .
The modified U.S. Air Force document of November 16 , 2009 additionally erases all original language referring to Intelligence , Surveillance and Reconnaissance operations that would take place from the Palanquero base .
Furthermore , all references to “ regional access ” , “ theater security cooperation ” and “ expeditionary warfare capability ” in the region have been eliminated .
Original U.S. Air Force document , May 2009 :
“ Development of this CSL will further the strategic partnership forged between the U.S. and Colombia and is in the interest of both nations …
A presence will also increase our capability to conduct Intelligence , Surveillance and Reconnaissance ( ISR ) , improve global reach , support logistics requirements , improve partnerships , improve theater security cooperation and expand expeditionary warfare capability . ”
Modified U.S. Air Force document , 16 November 2009 :
“ Access to Colombia will further its strategic partnership with the United States .
Palanquero is unquestionably the best site for investing in infrastructure development within Colombia .
Its central location is within reach of counter narco - terrorist operations areas ; the runway and existing airfield facilities will reduce construction costs ; its isolation maximizes Operational Security ( OPSEC ) and Force Protection and minimizes the U.S. military profile .
The intent is to leverage existing infrastructure to the maximum extent possible , improve the U.S. ability to respond rapidly to crises , and assure access and presence at minimum cost .
The taxiway and ramp / apron areas are deficient and in their current configurations severely limit the operational capabilities of this location .
Additionally , the operations and support facilities need to be expanded to service a wide array of aircraft that mutually agreed activities may entail . ”
Despite the modifications to the U.S. Air Force document more than six months after the original was sent to Congress , the intentions behind the U.S. military agreement with Colombia remain the same .
No evidence exists demonstrating a change in the Pentagon ’s global mobility strategy - it is an official state policy included in the Global Defense Posture Strategy , in place at the present time .
The military base in Palanquero , Colombia has been identified several times in different Pentagon documents as the perfect site – a unique opportunity – to guarantee continental access in South America , facilitating “ full spectrum military operations ” in Latin America .
Washington can try to erase its language regarding intentions of war , espionage and military operations in Latin America , but the U.S. ca n’t erase the truth .
The original U.S. Air Force document from May 2009 remains the principal justification behind the U.S. - Colombia military accord .
Original U.S. Air Force document , May 2009 , in English : http://www.centrodealerta.org/documentos_desclasificados/original_in_english_air_for.pdf
Traducción no oficial al español : http://www.centrodealerta.org/documentos_desclasificados/traduccion_del_documento_de.pdf
Modified U.S. Air Force document , 16 November 2009 original and translation available at : http://www.centrodealerta.org/noticias/ultima_hora_washington_alte.html
3:32 pm
Institute for Public Accuracy ( IPA )
Washington as Wall Street 's ' Biggest Profit Center '
2:49 pm
Earthjustice
Judge Approves Historic EPA Settlement : EPA and Florida Must Set Limits on Fertilizer and Animal Waste Pollution in State Waters
1:49 pm
Conservation Groups
Lawsuit Challenges Uranium Mine That Threatens Water and Wildlife of the Grand Canyon
1:46 pm
Center for Biological Diversity
Endocrine - Disrupting Chemicals , Risk to Human Health and Wildlife Survival , Are Polluting Lake Mead
1:45 pm
Public Citizen
Members of House , Senate Banking Committees Rake in Wall Street Campaign Cash , New Report Shows
1:43 pm
Human Rights Watch ( HRW )
Morocco / Western Sahara : Reverse New Rule on Sahrawi Activists ’ Contacts
1:38 pm
Human Rights First
Intergovernmental Report : Hate Crime Remains
Fear not , fair neighbour , I ’ll protect you …
Female fiddler crabs mate with their neighbours in exchange for protection .
The discovery of the sex - for - security trait helps to explain a surprising quirk : how it is that females defend their territory just as successfully as males despite their smaller claws .
It is also the first known case of male and female neighbours teaming up to defend territory in any species , according to lead researcher Richard Milner of the Australian National University in Canberra .
Fiddler crabs live in burrows and often fight to protect them from would - be squatters .
Males have one giant claw , sometimes as heavy as the rest of their body , which they use in fights .
Females have two much smaller claws , yet are just as good at holding on to their territory .
Advertisement
A willingness to offer sex to male neighbours seems to be behind this success , says Milner .
He studied crabs on South African and Mozambican beaches and found males frequently defending the burrows of neighbouring females when rival males approached .
Milner and colleagues also found 85 per cent of the mating they observed was between crabs with neighbouring burrows .
Females of other species trade sex for material benefits .
Red - winged blackbirds do so for the right to forage on a male ’s territory , and Adelie penguins exchange sex for stones to build their nests .
Journal reference : Biology Letters , DOI : 10.1098/rsbl.2009.0767
The decision was clearly a hard one for Mr. Abdullah .
He choked up at the moment of announcing it before his supporters and had to pause to drink water before speaking .
“ It did not come easily , ” he told the crowd , which had begun cheering at his announcement .
He said people had died in the cause of establishing a democracy and a transparent electoral system that had now become threatened .
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton , traveling in Morocco , released a statement saying that while the Obama administration would support Mr. Karzai as president , she hoped Mr. Abdullah would “ stay engaged in the national dialogue and work on behalf of the security and prosperity of the people of Afghanistan . ”
Mr. Abdullah rejected any suggestion of joining Mr. Karzai ’s government , and he clearly signaled that he was positioning himself as a future player in Afghan politics .
In a news briefing later at his home , he said : “ I did it with a lot of pain , but at the same time with a lot of hopes towards the future .
Because this will not be the end of anything , this will be a new beginning . ”
Mr. Abdullah has been under intense pressure from Western officials to avoid confrontation and end a two - month dispute over the election results .
That has been in part because the outcome of the runoff had been identified as a vital benchmark before Mr. Obama was to announce his military strategy in Afghanistan .
Even now , administration officials said Sunday , that announcement could be at least three weeks away : it is not expected until the president returns from a trip to Asia later this month .
Mr. Obama is scheduled to hold at least two Afghanistan meetings at the White House this week , following his session on Friday with the Joint Chiefs of Staff , in which he pushed his military commanders to return with more specific options .
ALL IMMIGRATION : AN UNWORKABLE PONSI SCHEME BY US CONGRESS
By Frosty Wooldridge
October 1 , 2009
NewsWithViews.com
What does a citizen do when the government does more harm than good , more damage than repair and more malfeasance than can be tolerated ?
At the present time , our U.S. Congress shoves 160,000 legal immigrants down our throats every 30 days .
Month in and month out , year in and year out , decade in and decade out .
For what ?
All the while , we suffer 15 million unemployed Americans and 35 million subsisting on food stamps !
Yes , that number proves correct !
Do they know what they are doing ?
No !
Do they understand the implications ?
No !
Do they think about the future ?
No !
Do they take into account our culture , our language , our environment , civilization ?
No !
They drive us in a Faustian Bargain with a final result of forcing us into a Hobson ’s Choice .
A dear friend of mine , Washington DC writer Don Collins returned to his old home town south of Pittsburgh , PA for a high school reunion .
The town ’s size remained the same from 60 years ago .
Nice streets , nice homes , nice schools and nice tennis courts .
“ After a good visit with an old friend there , he subsequently emailed me a rather poignant note which raised an interesting question , ” Collins said .
My friend wrote in part :
" The one big thing I do wonder about in the whole immigration issue is this :
What would be the economic result if we were able to stop or drastically slow immigration ?
I read in The Economist and similar publications that Japan , most European countries ( and China ) all have enormous problems facing them because of the aging of their populations .
All of them have low birth rates within their native populations and few allow or receive much immigration .
“ Economic pundits contrast their situations with that of the US which has a relatively young population only because of immigration .
“ The countries with low immigration and aging populations are expected to suffer severe problems in funding their equivalents to our Social Security and Medicare with a diminishing number young workers paying into the system and more and more oldsters on the receiving end .
“ What would be the solution to funding our Social Security and Medicare if we were able to stop immigration ?
When I look around Greensburg and Pittsburgh which are ethnically Germanic , Italian , British Isles and Slavic I see a population which is old and tired .
“ You can go door to door in Greensburg , as I have with political messages , and find a large majority of retired people .
It is unusual in most Greensburg neighborhoods to have a working - age person come to the door .
We have almost no Hispanic , Asian or African American population here .
“ It is certainly comfortable for me and most of my friends and neighbors to live in such a cocoon , but is it economically feasible in the long run ?
I would be interested to hear your enlightened view on this problem . "
Advertisement
“ Good questions , ” Collins said .
“ I sought perspective from a true expert , the Special Project Director at the Federation for American Immigration Studies ( www.fairus.org), Jack Martin , and got some thoughts that are at least the beginning of an answer . ”
Jack offered these helpful comments :
" Part of the answer is that , along with our greater longevity , we are in better health longer and should be expected to have a longer productive life .
If that means working beyond what is currently thought of as retirement age , so be it .
“ There are going to be some shrinking pains , to correct for the growing pains we are now experiencing .
But , there is not any way to achieve a demographic transition without some pain , and the pain that we should be experiencing is one that leaves a more sustainable future for our descendants . ”
“ Another part of the answer is that the period of low U.S. immigration from 1925 to 1975 showed that we did not need to have large - scale immigration to have a healthy economy .
You might want to look again at the Issue Brief Low Immigration and Economic Growth on FAIR 's website . ”
“ I would also suggest to your friend that he read Shoveling Fuel for a Runaway Train by Brian Czech .
Czech is a biologist and university professor .
Publishers
Weekly wrote about the book , ‘ [ Czech ] is as good at popularizing economics as Carl Sagan was science .
“ Finally , it is worthwhile to read the August 17 , 2009 article in the Christian Science Monitor entitled " Is Population Growth A Ponzi Scheme ? "
Its author , David R. Francis , says that ‘ notions that population growth is a boon for prosperity – or that national political success depends on it – are “ Ponzi demography , ” says Joseph Chamie , former director of the population division of the United Nations . ’ ”
In a September 21 , 2009 report on Lou Dobbs Tonight reporter Casey Wian colorfully said :
" The cheapest way to stop global climate change is not converting to solar power or buying a hybrid car .
It 's putting on a condom .
That 's the conclusion of a London School Of Economics study showing that money spent on contraception is about five times more efficient than money spent on clean energy technologies . ”
As you can see from Collins ’ and Martin ’s rational thoughts , we , as a civilization , must come to terms with massive , unrelenting and unsustainable immigration .
Do you want to place it in an environmental perspective ?
Quality of life ?
Energy crisis ?
Cultural crisis ?
Linguistic crisis ?
Water shortages crisis ?
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
You may pick anything you want , but none of the consequences will go away unless we turn off the spigot with a suspension of all immigration for a period of 10 years .
After that period , we need a “ US Sustainable Immigration Policy ” that might allow 100,000 immigrants a year because that many people egress annually .
Then and only then , will our civilization be able to survive into the 21st century .
Listen to Frosty Wooldridge on Wednesdays as he interviews top national leaders on his radio show " Connecting the Dots " at www.themicroeffect.com at 6:00 PM Mountain Time .
Adjust tuning in to your time zone .
Iran 's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says the country will never halt its uranium enrichment program .
“ Neither sanctions nor UN Security Council resolutions nor military threats can prevent Iran from continuing its uranium enrichment program , ” IRNA quoted Ambassador Ali-Asghar Soltaniyeh as saying on Tuesday .
He noted that IAEA Director General Mohamed ElBaradei 's recent report about Iran 's Fordo enrichment facility indicates that Iran has fully cooperated with the IAEA .
ElBaradei stated that the results of the IAEA inspections at the nuclear facility comply with the information Iran had earlier presented to the nuclear watchdog .
“ The latest report by the IAEA director general is a clear message to the international community that during the course of over six years of close inspections , no evidence has been found to indicate that Iran has deviated from the peaceful path of its nuclear program , ” Soltaniyeh said .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
10/22/2009
Hey America :
There is no Mass .
public school scare !
by Jeremy Hooper
In two states now , we have allowed the anti-gay side to use the Wirthlins , one of the two sets of parents ( the Parkers being the other ) who chose to take their family 's personal , faith - based opposition to pro-gay children 's books and turn it into a national " incident . "
Just a refresher :
A ridiculous , frivolous case that has been rejected in court .
Obviously public schools that are supported by tax dollars have a right to address all families .
Religious parents have a right to teach whatever they want at home , and the right to homeschool or choose a faith - based institution for their kids .
But they do n't have a right to shame Jenny and Bobby that they or their gay loved ones are wrong .
But the real question we have :
Why has nobody brought up the flip side of this issue .
That is :
That in the 5 + years that the Bay State has had state - level marriage equality , there are still only two sets of parents who have complained about curriculum that respects LGBT families !
That means that countless thousands of children , and countless thousands more parents , have gone about life without any need or reason to feel slighted by the ' moness in their midst .
And it 's certainly not because the Wirthlins and the Parkers are the only ones willing to come forward .
In this " balloon boy " age , Americans are more ready and willing than ever to take their family stories public .
This is especially true in the world of " culture war " politics , where many faith - based folks feel it is their God - bound duty to publicly speak out .
So why , then , are we not hearing from all of the " tainted " families ?
Why are the martyrs so few that we know them by name , appearance , and constantly repeated talking points ?
The obvious reason : Because there is no " epidemic " of distraught Massachusetts parents !
The vast majority of Massachusetts parents are either happy that their state has become a more inclusive place , or at the very least , are understanding of why their personal faith views cannot be injected into the public school classroom .
Sure , there are probably some would - be Wirthlins and Parkers who have never found a way to gain traction .
But there are not many .
If there were , these anti-equality groups , who have never met a situation that they would n't beat down our throats , would have them on - air faster than you can say Schubert - Flint !
But they know that we are watching , and that we will dig and verify any family that they put forth .
So the story has to hold some semblance of water , no matter how unmeritous it may be .
And the simple truth :
There just are not that many of these kinds of stories that have occurred in Massachusetts over the past half - decade !
This " problem " in Massachusetts schools is kind of like the " ex - gay " movement .
Our opposition wants you to believe that both the " former homosexuals " and the " enraged bay state parents " are simply busting the seams of America 's fabric .
In actuality , both the Wirthlins and the gay folks who found their sexuality to be worthless are part of a teeny tiny , tiny , tiny , tiny minority .
And in using this fact , our side can finally go on the reasoned , priccipled offensive in this overwrought debate .
Rather than respond for the umpteenth time to Robb and Robin 's rehashed theatrics , let 's start talking about how extremely outnumbered they are .
Our opposition LOVES to use majority numbers to embolden their cause -- why do n't we start using our obvious majority support on this matter of inclusive education ?
And unlike our opposition , our majority support is also on the right side of history , so unlike them , we wo n't have the burden of answering to the countless other times throughout the world 's span when a 50%+1 number was used to give bias or discrimination a pass .
Our stance is the enlightened destination , not the unfortunate foot - drag .
** Here 's an earlier Wirthlin video ( wherein , peculiarly , the Wirthlins are wearing almost the exact same clothing ) .
Be sure to note that in this video , a more truthful Robin Wirthlin specifically comes out and says that her family is against homosexuality and that they want to teach their children that such is not " correct behavior " :
My children -- MY CHILDREN ! -- were encouraged to [ : : fights back tears ::] accept others [ G - A - Y ]
Your thoughts
Have they never heard of home - schooling or private religious based schools ???
I have a cousin who is just as bigoted , but they chose to send their kids to catholic schools .
This way the kids were exposed to what the parents WANTED them exposed to .
It was n't cheap and they struggled like hell to do it financially , but they did it !
The Wirthlin 's just want to force their beleifs on the whole world .
" It 's my way or the highway . "
That arrogant self - righteous attitude chaps my butt !
Posted by : John | Oct 22 , 2009 1:01:52 PM
And John , of course the truly galling thing about their refusal to acknowledge private schooling , is that they can and do bar us , shame us , and condemn us in these kinds of institutions .
We go along with that , because most of us on the progressive side of the fence support their right to have their religious beliefs ( as long as they are n't accepting certain funding ) .
But this does n't make them happy enough .
Instead , they want to shame us in public schooling as well .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Oct 22 , 2009 1:18:29 PM
I 've said this all along , those who oppose us are really a small minority .
I noticed it at a marriage equality hearing a couple years back .
It was the first time NOM made a splash .
They actually bused people in from around the region for that one .
Of course the first year I go to a hearing and Maggie " The Loathesome " Gallagher is testifying .
Great inward groan and the most astounding amount of self control I 've ever exerted over myself .
I really wanted to punch her in the face .
Posted by : Tony P | Oct 22 , 2009 11:16:03 PM
I hope this post gets widely read .
It 's spot on .
At some point , the rejoinder to the Wirthlins has got to become a dismissive " Yawn , we 've already seen way too much of this couple , who else 've ya ' got ? "
Strike that .
Why only a rejoinder ?
We should n't need an invitation , and should bring up the Wirthlins ourselves and pose your question at every opportunity - " Really , that 's it ?
One lone couple ?
Good grief , not much to show after 5 years , is it ? "
One thing I really liked about Shenna 's performance in the TV5 debate was all the stories of real Mainers she was able to bring up to illustrate her arguments .
What I liked the least is how Bob did n't get called out for the everything - but - marriage malarkey that both he and Mutty plead for whenever they 're asked why they 're in favor of discrimination .
Neither of these guys has ever been in favor of everything - but - marriage until now .
How convenient .
Posted by : LdChino | Oct 23 , 2009 5:23:05 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Steven Pinker reviewed my new book " What the Dog Saw , " in the New York Times Book Review this past Sunday .
I sent the following letter to the editor in response :
It is always a pleasure to be reviewed by someone as accomplished as Stephen Pinker , even if — in his comments on “ What the Dog Saw ” ( Nov. 15 ) — he is unhappy with my spelling ( rightly ! ) and with the fact that I have not joined him on the lonely ice floe of IQ fundamentalism .
But since football has been on my mind these days , I do want to make one small observation about his comments .
In one of my essays , I wrote that the position a quarterback is taken in the college draft is not a reliable indicator of his performance as a professional .
That was based on the work of the academic economists David Berri and Rob Simmons , who , in a paper published the Journal of Productivity Analysis , analyze forty years of National Football League data .
Their conclusion was that the relation between aggregate quarterback performance and draft position was weak .
Further , when they looked at per-play performance — in other words , when they adjusted for the fact that highly drafted quarterbacks are more likely to play more downs — they found that quarterbacks taken in positions 11 through 90 in the draft actually slightly outplay those more highly paid and lauded players taken in the draft ’s top ten positions .
I found this analysis fascinating .
Pinker did not .
This quarterback argument , he wrote , “ is simply not true . ”
Though Prague has become a hot spot for beer tourism , visitors can end up disappointed by the lack of options in the city ’s pubs .
Many bars in town are locked into exclusive agreements with large breweries , which often install and control the taps .
( Obzerstvi ’s standard offer is Staropramen , a mass - produced brew from Prague that is part of the giant Anheuser - Busch InBev . )
But recently , a few pubs like Obzerstvi have begun selling rare craft beers on a so - called ctvrta pipa , or fourth pipe , a new term for an independent tap on which pubs can offer a greater variety of brews .
“ First it was fourth pipe , then there was one pub with seven taps , then it went to 13 or 14 , ” said Jan Kocka , one of the owners of the cult brewery Pivovar Kocour Varnsdorf , in northern Bohemia , whose beers are often available at the British - style pub Tlusta Koala in central Prague .
“ So fourth pipe really just became the word for rotating beers . ”
This fall I spent several days touring the city ’s ctvrta pipa pubs , from Obzerstvi in the south to bars on the semi-industrial north and many stops in between .
Along the way , I heard several fanciful variations on the origin of the term fourth pipe .
None was particularly convincing , but one version that at least sounded plausible  in part because it was so simple  came from Jirka Stehlicek , the owner of a tram - themed pub called Prvni Pivni Tramway .
“ The fourth - pipe term really started with us , ” said Mr. Stehlicek , speaking over a pint at a brewers ’ awards ceremony last month .
“ We originally had three taps that stayed the same , and the fourth was just whatever else we could get .
And it took off from there . ”
Earlier this year Mr. Stehlicek joined with the owners of four other pubs , including Mr. Holcak , to form the Aliance P.I.V. ( www.aliancepiv.cz), a group whose aim is to spread the word about quality beer by grooming more knowledgeable bartenders and providing more informative beer lists in the pubs .
“ We want to educate people , ” Mr. Stehlicek said .
“ We want beer drinkers to know how their beer is made , what are the ingredients , as well as what kinds of Czech craft beers are now available . ”
~ All original content on this site © Dewman , and all other content © of the respective owner / originator .
This site is not endorsed by , nor is it affiliated with , any government agency .
* Updated 10 January 2010
It has been a long while since I 've updated this site -- almost 3 years , as a matter of fact .
I have a couple months of down time , so I am in the midst of redesigning the web site .
As I go , I will be updating content as well , so keep posted !
More Site News
Site Map
First wife Brooke Shields persuaded Agassi to shave his head Former tennis star Andre Agassi wore a wig held together with pins in his first Grand Slam final , excerpts from his autobiography have revealed .
The hairpiece - in his famous mullet style - had fallen apart the night before the 1990 French Open final , which Agassi lost to Andres Gomez .
Before the match he prayed " not for victory , but that my hairpiece would not fall off " , he writes in Open .
Earlier excerpts revealed his use of drug crystal methamphetamine in 1997 .
The 39 - year - old , who retired in 2006 , admits that - in order to escape a ban - he lied to tennis authorities that his drink had been spiked with the highly addictive drug .
Clamped together Further excerpts describe his distress at the hair loss which led to him wearing a hairpiece .
" Every morning I would get up and find another piece of my identity on the pillow , in the wash basin , down the plughole , " he writes .
But after the wig fell apart in the shower the night before the Paris final , his brother helped him clamp it together using about 20 clips .
Agassi writes : " Of course I could have played without my hairpiece , but what would all the journalists have written if they knew that all the time I was really wearing a wig ?
" During the warming - up training before play I prayed .
Not for victory , but that my hairpiece would not fall off .
" With each leap , I imagine it falling into the sand .
I imagine millions of spectators move closer to their TV sets , their eyes widening and , in dozens of dialects and languages , ask how Andre Agassi 's hair has fallen from his head . "
Agassi went on to win eight Grand Slams during his career and is one of only six men to win all four major titles .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Google will " vigorously contest " the case Web search giant Google faces a court case in Switzerland because of privacy concerns over its Street View service .
The application allows a 360 - degree view of any street - level location .
" Numerous faces and vehicle number plates are not made sufficiently unrecognisable , " said data protection commissioner Hanspeter Thuer .
Google said it was disappointed by the move .
The firm says it is sure that Street View is legal in Switzerland and will " vigorously contest " the case .
Line of sight Mr Thuer is especially concerned about people shown in sensitive locations such as hospitals , prisons or schools .
He also said that the height of the camera was problematic because it allowed a view over fences , hedges and walls , meaning that more could be seen from Street View than by a normal passer - by .
The commissioner said Google was asked in August to take various measures and had not complied with the requests .
It is likely to take months before any court case actually starts , but it could have a more immediate impact on the Swiss availability of the service .
Mr Thuer has asked a tribunal to order Google to remove all pictures of Switzerland and to cease taking any more until a ruling has been made .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
* Independent Senator Sanders introduces break - up bill
* Legislation also under consideration in House
* Sanders would give Treasury 90 days to identify firms ( Adds Kanjorski , Frank , Miller comments , background , byline )
WASHINGTON , Nov 6 ( Reuters ) -
An independent U.S. senator on Friday introduced a bill that would give the government the power to identify and break up financial firms that are “ too big to fail , ” an idea that is catching on .
“ If an institution is too big to fail , it is too big to exist , ” said Senator Bernie Sanders in a statement .
“ We should break them up so they are no longer in a position to bring down the entire economy , ” he said .
Sanders is an independent outside the U.S. political mainstream .
But he is not the only one looking at break - ups .
Representative Paul Kanjorski , the Democratic chairman of the capital markets subcommittee in the U.S. House of Representatives , is working on a break - up power amendment .
It would give a new government systemic risk council break - up power , with clearance from the president .
“ It ’s the natural action of capital to grow and exceed .
Now we ’re going to contain it , ” Kanjorski told CNBC television .
He said large banks oppose his amendment because it would threaten them .
But , he said , mid-sized and smaller financial institutions would be helped by it because they would be better able to compete if mega - firms were downsized .
“ When the people ’s money is being used to bail out these large companies ...
We certainly have to have someone to tell them what to do in order to save them , ” he said .
House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank said earlier on CNBC that a bill he is working on , which Kanjorski wants to toughen , would let a systemic risk regulator “ break up ” risky financial firms .
Elsewhere this week , the two largest UK retail banks -- Royal Bank of Scotland RBS.L and Lloyds Banking LLOY.L -- got more government aid and agreed to sell branches and businesses to appease European Union competition concerns over state aid .
EU regulators are considering measures to force banks across Europe to sell assets and sometimes even to break up to compensate for massive state aid they have received .
GOAL IS STABILITY
In the aftermath of the worst financial crisis in decades , nations are trying to determine what to do about banks and financial firms that are so large that their failure could threaten the stability of the global financial system .
The goal is to prevent another debacle like last year 's when Lehman Brothers collapsed , triggering a credit crisis and huge taxpayer bailouts of AIG AIG.N , Citigroup C.N , Bank of America BAC.N and others .
President Barack Obama has proposed regulating large firms ’ risk - taking much more tightly to prevent them from failing , while setting up new protocols for managing failure if things go wrong .
Another approach , which Sanders and others back , would be to prevent the firms from getting so big in the first place .
Sanders ’ legislation would give Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner 90 days to list commercial banks , investment banks , hedge funds and insurers that he deems too big to fail .
The bill defines that as “ any entity that has grown so large that its failure would have a catastrophic effect on the stability of either the financial system or the United States economy without substantial government assistance . ”
Policy analyst Paul Miller of FBR Capital Markets said in a research note : “ Keep in mind that this legislation is currently in its infancy , and Congress has a number of difficult questions to answer before anything can move forward . ”
( Reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh ; Editing by Kenneth Barry )
Firefox rejects your search request .
' Cause it 's stupid .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
The president who came to office vowing change instead has enshrined compromise as the hallmark of his administration .
President Obama ’s most constant refrain in word and action has been “ the perfect is the enemy of the good , ” and this weekend has been a case in point .
The conclusions of both the Senate healthcare reform negotiations and the UN climate change summit in Copenhagen , Denmark , Saturday could be counted disappointments .
But Mr. Obama ’s incremental approach to governing built upon what liberals in his own parties might deem failures .
In short , it seeks to achieve what can be achieved rather than holding to specific ideas that are impractical politically .
It is an ideal that he shared with the late Sen.
Edward Kennedy , who took the long view of politics – compromising at first in order to provide a foundation for future reforms .
Those are the hopes that motivated Obama this weekend , his advisers and colleagues say .
Glass half full
The Senate ’s healthcare reform bill does not have anything approaching a government - managed public option that Obama – and Democrats on the left – certainly wanted .
Yet when Sen. Ben Nelson ( D ) of Nebraska agreed to back the bill Saturday – bringing Democrats a filibuster - proof 60 votes – Obama hailed it as “ genuine reform ” nonetheless .
In Copenhagen , Obama stressed that without firm commitments to a timeline for reducing carbon emissions “ any agreement would be empty words on a page . ”
At the end of the conference , however , he lauded just such an agreement – with no short - or mid-term goals and no mechanism for enforcement – as an “ important breakthrough . ”
On one hand , it is in Obama ’s interests to promote his administration ’s endeavors as successes .
On the other , the agreement , however symbolic , marked a triumph of the possible , finding some measure of concord amid deep disagreement .
“ When he arrived , the process was collapsing , ” said David Axelrod , Obama ’s senior adviser , on CNN ’s “ State of the Union ” Sunday .
“ Nobody says this is the end of the road , ” he added .
“ This is a great step forward . ”
No lines in the sand
Some of the same frustrations have been apparent in the healthcare reform debate .
Liberals have grumbled as Obama failed to take a firm stand on either abortion rights or the public option .
Yet with Republicans firmly allied against the Democrats ’ version of healthcare reform , compromises on the public option and abortion rights were crucial to cobbling together the 60 votes needed to pass a bill .
Moreover , the words of Sen. Tom Harkin ( D ) of Iowa Saturday emphasize the Obama administration ’s long - term goals .
He called the Senate bill a “ starter home . ”
“ It has a good foundation – it covers 31 million Americans , ” he said .
“ It has a good roof for protection – it cuts down on abuses , and it provides the biggest infusion of money in prevention and wellness that we ’ve ever done .
And , we can add additions and extensions to it as we go on in the future .
It is not the end of healthcare , it ’s the beginning . ”
-----
Follow us on Twitter .
It ’s truly amazing , and depressing , how completely deficit - phobia has swept the field in Washington .
The economy remains in deeply dire straits : here ’s long - term unemployment :
Bureau of Labor Statistics
Yet the respectable thing , all of a sudden , is to claim that we can’t possibly afford to spend any more money on job creation .
History says differently .
Here ’s a comparison of debt / GDP levels , actual levels for several countries ( OECD for Belgium , IMF for the rest ) , and projected levels ( from the IMF ) for the United States .
( Note that these are for general government , i.e. , including state and local , so they ’re higher than the numbers you usually read ) .
OECD , IMF
Yes , we ’re going fairly deep into debt .
No , it ’s not unprecedented .
Other advanced countries have been substantially deeper in debt without either defaulting or having runaway inflation — and some of those countries have historically had weak governments ( Belgium because of the linguistic divide , and Italy because it ’s Italy ) .
I ’d be a little more forgiving of the nonsense if all the people screaming about the deficit were sincere .
And some are .
But many , if not most , are perfectly happy to incur huge unfunded liabilities for the wars they want to fight , and / or to eliminate inheritance taxes for the heirs of multimillionaires .
It ’s only deficits incurred to help working Americans that get them all moralistic .
Anyway , the point is that the economy desperately needs more help — and yes , we can afford to provide it .
A fascinating new study looks at whether the US will remain the dominant superpower in the next century .
Many of James Kurth 's recommendations are pretty mainstream , suggesting that America 's dominance has been built on military power which itself is dependent on economic power .
He points out that this has been based not so much on industrial strength as constant innovation .
He says that to continue this into the future , America has to emphasise research into green and bio tech , and new medical and health treatments .
This emphasis on the future of technology pretty much mirrors the priority of the Obama administration which also stresses medical research .
I am hearing that some executives of medical companies are arguing the administration is undermining its own objectives by taxing just such products .
But that 's a digression .
Kurth 's most striking argument is that it 's time for America to grow up .
He directly challenges the idea that America benefits from " soft power " - the worldwide appeal of its ideals and culture .
He says the projected culture is adolescent and damaging :
" It is usually forgotten that this popular culture is chiefly popular with the young - particularly those young who are still irresponsible , rebellious and feckless ... If American leaders want to lead the leaders of other countries , they will have to act like mature adults , not like the attention - seeking celebrities of American popular culture . "
Perhaps he 's just spotted the difference between the heartland and TV - land .
In my short time here , I 've been struck by the tightly - buttoned , exaggerated deference , politeness and conformity of much of American society compared to its rather more free - flowing image abroad .
But is Prof Kurth right that it is time for America to put away childish things ?
Voter surveys by both major parties indicate European Union reform treaty may win approval of Ireland
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Ireland is on course to ratify the Lisbon treaty , with early tallies showing a strong surge for a yes vote this morning .
The outcome of yesterday 's referendum , which will be known later today , is set to put the European Union reform project back on track .
As early as 9.30 am at the ballot count in Dublin 's RDS centre , tallies were showing constituencies across the Irish capital voting 2 to 1 in favour of the treaty .
One prominent opponent , Richard Green from the Coir movement , accepted that the vote was moving in favour of yes .
Green said the expected yes vote was " a bad day for Irish workers and a good day for big business " .
He and his pressure group have been arguing that endorsing Lisbon would lead to a greater influx of cheap foreign labour to Ireland .
In June 2008 , 53.4 % of the Irish Republic voted down the Lisbon treaty and threw the entire EU project into chaos .
Today many constituencies in Dublin – Ireland 's key electoral battleground – which voted against the treaty 17 months ago appeared to be switching to the yes camp .
Tally returns from Dublin Mid West showed that 65 % of the constituency had voted yes this time .
In the 2008 poll a majority voted no .
Even in Cavan / Monaghan , a stronghold for Sinn Féin which was the only party in the Irish parliament to call for a no vote , 61 % were in the yes camp .
The Republic 's main opposition party , Fine Gael , said the tally returns backed up the party 's private exit poll which was released last night and indicated support for Lisbon running between 55 % to 60 % .
Fine Gael had polled a sample of 1,000 voters in 33 locations around Ireland .
The party 's director of elections , Billy Timmons , said the results were good for the yes camp .
Ireland 's foreign minister , Michael Martin , said the yes vote would be a boost for the Republic .
" I am delighted for the country .
It looks like a convincing win for the yes side on this occasion , " Martin said .
Irish government sources said that at present the vote appeared to be around 57 % in favour of Lisbon and 33 % against .
The result will also be a boost to Brian Cowen , Ireland 's embattled taoiseach .
Cowen became the Irish leader in May 2008 , just one month before Ireland decisively rejected Lisbon in the first referendum .
Since then his government 's popularity has plunged to an historic low in the opinion polls due to the recession , the country 's banking crisis and rising unemployment .
" This is Brian Cowen 's first victory as taoiseach , " one Irish government adviser said today .
" This is Brian 's first break since he took up office . "
The treaty is a 2007 reform package designed to modernise EU institutions and decision - making in line with the bloc 's rapid expansion eastward .
It can not become law unless all members ratify it , and Ireland is the only one subjecting it to a national vote .
If the Irish endorse the treaty this time , the turnaround would reflect both incentives from Brussels and Ireland 's economic tailspin .
Following last year 's vote , European leaders offered Ireland reassurances and concessions designed to undercut the anti-EU arguments of treaty opponents .
They reversed a plan that would have cost Ireland its automatic seat on the European commission , a particular vote - loser , and pledged no EU interference in the country 's tax rates , military commitments and abortion ban .
Some voters said those commitments persuaded them to switch their vote to a yes .
Ireland 's current economic crisis has underscored the country 's dependence on European goodwill when times are bad .
The prime minister , Brian Cowen , and opposition chiefs argued to wavering voters that the nation could not afford to be seen as anti-EU when the European Central Bank was underwriting a planned € 54bn ( £ 49.4bn ) bailout of Irish banks , and US investors in Ireland were emphasising the chill factor of a second no vote .
" The investment community value certainty , and uncertainty is something they really dislike .
A yes vote will underline Ireland 's commitment to be a central player in European affairs , something that has proven to be a real national asset , " said Jim O'Hara , general manager of microchip giant Intel 's operations in Ireland .
Intel , like most other major employers in Ireland , played no role in the 2008 campaign but appealed strongly this time for the treaty 's approval .
If the treaty becomes law , more policy decisions would be permitted by majority rather than unanimous votes in European summits and in the European commission , the EU 's executive branch .
Those policies , in turn , would increasingly be shaped by the elected parliaments of each nation and the European parliament , which currently has little say .
Projecting this more decisive EU abroad would be a new fixed - term president in place of a decades - old system that rotates the presidency among governments every six months and a new foreign minister .
But if Ireland rejects Lisbon again , the EU would find itself in uncharted diplomatic waters .
An alliance built on the principle of unanimous consent for key decisions would be faced with the reality that , under current rules , a country of barely 4 million can repeatedly block reforms designed to improve the lives of a continent of 500 million .
( CNN ) --
As it turns 20 on Thursday , " The Simpsons ' " greatest enemy may be itself .
For many fans -- particularly hard - core followers in the mold of the show 's sneering Comic Book Guy -- the glory days are long past .
Some refuse to watch anymore ; others admit they still find it funny , but they 're disappointed the show did n't bow out at the top of its game .
Jacob Burch , an administrator of the " Simpsons " site NoHomers.net , is one of those fans .
The characters have gotten flat , says Burch -- who , at 23 , has practically been watching the show his whole life -- and it's more likely to go for cheap laughs nowadays .
" It seems less cohesive , more about trying to get the jokes in there , instead of make a story and let the jokes come off of that , " he says , adding , " I just think there 's only so much you can do [ with the characters ] . "
On the site , Burch now focuses on the show 's history , letting the more passionate fans moderate the chats about current episodes .
John Ortved , author of a new oral history of the show , " The Simpsons : An Uncensored , Unauthorized History " ( Faber and Faber ) , agrees .
" It 's clearly not as good , " he says .
" I think the only people who think it 's good -- or as good as it was -- are [ producer ]
Al Jean and [ co - creator ] Matt Groening . "
Ortved makes the case that despite new writers and characters , the show has fallen out of touch and gotten more craven , playing to guest stars and cross-promoting other Fox shows .
" What 's been described to me is ... Al Jean just does n't get it , " he says .
" The young , hip writers are either getting their jokes annihilated by Al Jean and his sort of yes men , or they 've stopped writing them because they know they 're going to get rewritten anyway . "
While not directly addressing the complaints , Groening and Jean have said " The Simpsons , " whose 20th anniversary special is scheduled for January , is n't going anywhere .
In February , Groening told CNN that he'd " be surprised if we close up anytime soon .
...
The show 's still fun to do . "
And Jean , who has acknowledged the criticism in interviews , has said he believes the show is still potent .
( Neither was available for interviews for this piece . )
Most observers agree the show has declined from its heyday , defined by fans as roughly lasting from seasons three through eight .
But then , those episodes set an extremely high bar .
Sidebar : The " Simpsons " comedy tree
In the 1990s , " The Simpsons " was one of the most inventive shows ever broadcast , taking on high and low culture with equal abandon , becoming engrained within the culture at large .
It was revolutionary ; at the very least , it helped make Fox a big - league player .
Today , with its 442 episodes airing all over the world , it 's " like the new Disney ... it's iconic , " says Chuck Coletta , a pop culture instructor at Bowling Green State University .
( Indeed , it 's iconic enough to have a ride at Disney competitor Universal Studios Hollywood . )
Colleagues and some fans stand behind Groening and Jean .
Seth MacFarlane , whose " Family Guy " has become , to some , the darling " The Simpsons " once was , told Ortved that " it is still funnier than any live - action show that 's on television right now .
... ' The Simpsons ' has sustained better than ' South Park . ' "
And John O'Leary , a Villanova University pop culture professor who has taught " The Simpsons " in his courses , says , " I still enjoy the show .
... I still turn it on and laugh . "
Entertainment is full of stories about " jumping the shark , " as the plunge into decline has come to be known .
Rock ' n ' roll fans have mocked the last 25 - plus years of Rolling Stones albums ; Orson Welles ' career is seen as a defining case ( though whether the decline started after " Citizen Kane , " " Touch of Evil " or " F for Fake " is constantly debated ) .
In television -- given the competing components of artistic creativity , ratings success and profitability -- picking the right time to say " enough " is a challenge .
Some shows handle the transition gracefully .
" The Sopranos " was lauded for going out strongly ( though , critics gripe , it was n't as good as it was in the early days ) ; so were " The Bob Newhart Show " and " The Mary Tyler Moore Show . "
Some of the most - praised British shows -- " Fawlty Towers " and " The Office " -- had deliberately short runs and never declined .
But such timing is rare ; if they 're successful with viewers , TV shows will tend to hang around too long -- and then everything falters at once .
By the time it was canceled in 1975 , " Gunsmoke " -- which " The Simpsons " recently surpassed in longevity -- was a creaky facsimile of the vibrant , thoughtful Western that dominated television in the late ' 50s , O'Leary says .
" It became about the guest stars , " he says .
( Some have made the same claim about " The Simpsons . " )
" The Simpsons " does have a deep well to draw from , maintains Coletta .
In Springfield , nobody ages and there 's always someone else -- Mrs. Krabappel , Groundskeeper Willy -- or a new trend to do a story about .
Other shows , he observes , run out of steam because actors get older or leave .
( In recent years , of course , some live - action shows such as " Law & Order " and " ER " have benefited from cast turnover . )
And as long as a show is attracting viewers , it tends to stay on the air -- especially nowadays when the overall audience for broadcast TV has plunged .
" The Simpsons " has n't been immune to audience erosion , but it still beats its Sunday night competition and does well with the desirable adults , the 18 - 49 demographic .
It also remains a gold mine .
Ortved estimates the show has earned $ 3 billion over its run , thanks to worldwide syndication and its broad - based empire of merchandising .
Maintaining the show is key to the riches , says Michael Stone , CEO and president of the licensing and marketing firm the Beanstalk Group .
" As a vehicle [ for licensing ] , the show is worth having , " he says .
" Without the show , I think the property is in serious decline . "
Even " Star Wars " has faded without the films in theaters , he points out .
Hollywood economics also argue for keeping the show on the air .
As producer Bill Lawrence , who agreed to bring " Scrubs " back this season , told The New York Times , " In this economic landscape , if you have the chance to continue a project , you do n't just say : ' No big deal .
I 'll go work somewhere else . ' "
O'Leary , who studied at UCLA , say his friends in the business are struggling for jobs ; a sure paycheck such as " The Simpsons " is attractive , regardless of quality concerns .
Moreover , " The Simpsons " continues to attract new audiences .
The show airs in more than 90 countries and still appeals broadly : Youngsters appreciate the bright colors and manic pace ; older viewers get jokes about " The Jazz Singer " and media consolidation .
Many of O'Leary 's and Coletta 's students were n't even alive when the show went on the air -- and , even as adults , do n't get all the jokes .
" Some of the guest stars on the early episodes -- it 's almost like watching an episode of Bugs Bunny when Greta Garbo shows up , " Coletta says , noting that many of his students would fail to understand the significance of Elizabeth Taylor 's appearance in the fourth season .
He sees the desire to knock " The Simpsons " down ( while hoping for a comeback ) as " human nature " -- but there 's no denying the show 's impact .
" You see it with [ other shows ] -- ' Lost ' is the greatest show in the world , then ' Lost ' stinks now , then ' Lost ' has made a comeback .
We just do this over and over and over again , " he says .
" But I think the big thing about ' The Simpsons ' is that , I 'm teaching a class that 's filled with freshmen now , and they do n't know a world without ' The Simpsons . '
It 's part of life . "
Even for skeptics such as Burch .
Noting that it 's still capable of brilliance , he says he wishes the show well -- even if he can't hide his disappointment .
" It 's still , I 'm sure , better than the average TV show , " he says .
" If it 's still profitable and the people making it are still enjoying themselves , I do n't see why [ it can't continue ] , because every now and then there will be that one episode that has a new mind or a great idea or a great new character . "
And Ortved ?
Even with all he learned about the show -- its backbiting , its disappointments , its becoming the thing it once mocked -- he can't help but admire it .
Even today .
" I still love the show , " he says .
As we revealed a few days ago , Left 4 Dead 2's latest Special Infected is The Jockey , a small little bugger who jumps on a survivor 's back , and is able to control their movement while tearing them apart .
He 's made his public debut at PAX , and now the world at large can take a look at him .
He is basically Quasimodo .
Our gallery has a few more screenshots of the recently revealed new campaign , " Dark Carnival , " involving zombie clowns and more bunting than you can handle .
Make sure you hit the gallery and check it out , because this sequel is going to be bloody awesome whether you want it to be or not .
Left 4 Dead 2 ( L4D2 ) , the sequel to the best - selling and critically - acclaimed action thriller from Valve is being shown this weekend at The Penny Arcade Expo ( PAX ) in Seattle , Washington .
The game is available to play , by the press and public , at Valve and Microsoft 's Xbox 360 booth .
After debuting " The Parish " campaign ( set in the New Orleans ' French Quarter ) at E3 and " Swamp Fever " at Comic Con San Diego , Dark Carnival is the third of the five campaigns shipping with L4D2 this fall .
Valve is also unveiling a new Boss infected monster coming in the full version of Left 4 Dead 2 . Known as " The Jockey " this is the third new Boss infected from L4D2 revealed thus far ( the Charger was revealed at E3 , The Spitter at Comic Con ) .
The Jockey lets you attack lone Survivors and wrestle control of their movement away from them - into fire , off ledges , or straight into the middle of a zombie horde .
In addition to the new campaign and boss monster the PAX showing of L4D2 marks the debut of the " Zombie Clown , " the " uncommon common " exclusive to the Dark Carnival campaign , and a few more of the 20 - plus new items coming in the full product ( electric guitar , machete , and the American baseball bat being offered as a pre-sell exclusive with select retailers ) .
Coming exclusively to Xbox 360 and PC on November 17 , Left 4 Dead 2 promises to set a new benchmark for co-operative action games and become one of 2009 's marquee titles .
For more information , please visit www.l4d.com .
Click to open photo gallery :
If you are one the many millions of people who are living with moles , skin tags , or warts , then you know how embarrassing it can be to have people ask you about them .
Whether these came about later in life …
Continue Reading →
Time Warner is working to develop and deploy a patch to plug gaping security holes in thousands of home routers previously distributed to its customers .
The devices ' default and locked configuration allow hackers to go rampaging on local home networks .
Customers of Road Runner , Time Warner 's Internet service , who do not own a cable modem of their own , are supplied with a default one by the company .
Around 67,000 of these are cable modem / wireless router combo devices from SMC Networks ' SMC8014 series .
David Chen , one of the founders of Pip.io , a new social networking platform , reveals on his blog that these routers are highly insecure and not because they are not capable devices , but due to mainly poor deployment decisions on the ISP 's part .
Chen 's experience was with a SMC8014WG - SI device installed by Time Warner for one of his friends .
Judging by the specs listed on the SMC website and in its manual ( PDF ) , this gadget might not be state - of - the - art or up to speed with the latest of technologies , but it should make for a decent solution .
It supports the 802.11 b and g standards with WEP and WPA encryption , packet inspection , firewall port forwarding , custom LAN access rules , parental control and basically all the common features one would expect to find in a home router by default .
However , the Time Warner devices come pre-configured and locked , with URL blocking being the only feature available to the customer through the web administration interface .
Chen does not mention whether the firmware is a custom one maintained by Time Warner or is provided by SMC Networks , but one thing 's clear – the user limitation is poorly implemented and the default settings are highly insecure .
First of all , the customer 's account on the web interface is prevented from accessing administration features by hiding menu items via JavaScript .
" You heard me correct , the web admin for the router simply uses a script to hide certain menu options when the user does not have admin privileges .
By simply disabling Javascript in the browser , I was able to access all the features of the router , " Chen writes .
But let 's step away from this seriously inadequate method of enforcing access control for a moment and take a look at the larger picture .
Why would Time Warner enforce this limitation in the first place ?
We can speculate that it probably does n't want clueless customers messing around with the configuration and then calling its support lines to report service problems .
Or maybe it does n't want its customers exposing their networks to outside threats by setting something incorrectly .
We could live with that , if only Time Warner had bothered to provide a secure setup in the first place , which is clearly not the case here .
These routers are configured to use WEP encryption for WLAN access by default , even though they also support WPA - PSK .
The Wired Equivalent Privacy ( WEP ) is an outdated and insecure algorithm that can be cracked within minutes with freely available tools .
In addition , the WLAN Service Set Identifier ( SSID ) is fixed and publicly broadcasted , when even the most basic wireless security guides recommend hiding it .
Ironically , this router supports SSID hiding and while this does n't make attacks impossible , it certainly limits exposure to them .
Furthermore , the web administration interface is accessible from anywhere on the Internet .
Why this is configured as such is anyone 's guess , but it means that an attacker can run a port scan on Time Warner 's IP address space and identify these vulnerable routers .
And as if this was n't bad enough , Chen also notes that opening the file generated by the " Back Up Configuration File " option will reveal the password for the administrative account in plain text .
The aforementioned serious security holes combined make penetrating home networks protected by these devices extremely easy .
Once inside the network , a hacker can perform all kinds of malicious actions from intercepting sensitive data , to launching man - in - the - middle attacks , poisoning the DNS requests and infecting LAN computers with malware .
In the context of 14,000,000 devices , which the company claims to have " in the field , " 67,000 might not mean much , but it ’s still enough to raise a decent botnet or affect a lot of people .
" From what I understand , our QA [ Quality Assurance Department ] got a list of fixes for the identified issues on Friday , and are currently testing ( if not finished with testing ) and preparing to hand this off to our Ops team at this very moment , " Jeff Simmermon , the director of digital communications for Time Warner Cable , said yesterday .
" Our customer ’s security is of the utmost importance to us , and we are constantly working to identify and repair holes and flaws as we discover them , " he stressed .
Awhile back , Leo posted these delightfully nostalgic and funny “ Marital Rating Scales ” from 1939 in the Community :
After having a good laugh , what Kate and I both noticed after reading through these charts was that while we could imagine a modern day woman expecting her husband to live up to most of the standards on the Husband ’s Chart , if a man expected a woman to adhere to the Wife ’s Chart , he ’d probably be met with the look of death .
Now obviously some of the expectations on both charts are just silly , and part of the reason that the Wife ’s Chart seem even sillier is that a woman ’s place in society has changed far more than a man ’s during the last 70 years .
But it ’s also indicative of a new double standard that has emerged in our modern age .
Women are still free to flog men for their shortcomings and expect a lot from them , but if a man has any expectations for women , the conversation is bound to go something like this :
_________________________
It seems like men are catching onto to this movement to recover some of the good things of the past , while holding onto the progress we ’ve made .
I was just reading this interesting article in the NYT about how 20 - something men are rejecting the whole casual , let it all hang out Baby Boomer vibe that ’s dominated society for the last few decades and are starting to want to dress up and look sharp .
This quote , from a college professor , particularly stood out to me :
“ But the younger generation is looking at getting dressed up and making their mark , ” Mr. Cohen continued .
“ It ’s a real generation gap here .
I teach at three different colleges , and I am amazed how dressed up some of the students are .
Girls still come in their hoodies and pajamas , but boys come in their suits . ”
In some ways , the new movement towards a return to traditional manliness needs women to be on board to be successful .
After all , if you have men opening doors and asking women on real dates , and they ’re just laughing in your face , that ’s clearly not going to work out too well .
And if you have men striving to be their best , but they feel like women are n’t even trying , you ’ve got a recipe for creating strained relations between the sexes and bitter and disillusioned men who think all women are an unappealing mess who are not worth the trouble of dealing with ( something you already see in certain online communities ) .
We often get emails from women who praise us up and down for the mission of the Art of Manliness .
“ This is just what men need ! ” they say .
“ I love the idea of bringing back traditional manliness ! ” they tell us .
We love that women are on board with the movement , but it makes us wonder , “ Okay , if men are manning up , what are women going to do to follow suit ? ”
After all , if women say they ’re not in favor of a genderless society , and they want men to be men , then they have to be prepared for the flip side of that equation .
A world where women are women .
Now do n’t get me wrong .
A man ’s desire to man up should really have little to do with women and their opinion of him .
Basing their lives around the opinions of women is exactly where men have gone wrong these last few decades .
A man should want to seek true manliness out of his desire for confidence , honor , and self - respect .
But it ’s also wrong - headed to think that womanliness has nothing to do with manliness .
It would be hard to define manliness unless it was juxtaposed beside femininity , the way we would n’t be able to define dark , without the experience of light .
And it ’s also indisputable that men used to be motivated to be honorable men because they felt they got something in return from the women in their lives .
Manning up involves some sacrifice , but men did n’t feel like they were the only ones making an effort .
Men dressed up , took women on dates and paid , brought home the bacon , took care of their wives , and acted as the rock in the family .
In return , they could count on women to look classy and attractive , be charming , cook dinner , take care of the house and kids , and make her man feel like king of the castle .
But these days a new double standard has emerged where it ’s okay to celebrate men manning up , but telling women they need to recover some of their femininity is offensive .
To wit :
A woman telling a man to stop looking like a slob and dress up .
Awesome !
A man telling a woman to stop looking like a slob and take care of herself .
Sexist !
Saying that men should stop hooking up with women .
Awesome !
Saying that women should stop sleeping around .
Sexist !
Saying that men should get off the couch and go to work .
Awesome !
Saying that a woman should be nurturing with kids .
Sexist !
Saying that men should take the initiative in relationships .
Awesome !
Saying that a woman should let the man lead ( ever ! ) .
Sexist !
Well , you get the idea .
The are a few reasons for the disparity .
The first is that men spent most of world history in a position of privilege ( although there were real downsides to being a man during this time , too ) .
Then the women ’s movement happened and they lost that position .
So when it comes to recovering aspects of traditional manliness , men are excited to get on board ( not because they want the exact same position back , but simply because they see the past fondly ) .
Women , on the other hand , fought for the last few decades for the position that they now find themselves in .
So even if they are n’t totally happy with it , looking back to recover what was good about the past makes them feel like they ’re betraying what their sisters fought for .
And if anyone suggests that bringing back some old school femininity might be a good idea , it ’s been ingrained in them that they should be offended .
Second , women have historically been put on a pedestal , as the protectors of morality , while men have been disparaged as being baser in their nature .
So it ’s always been socially acceptable to castigate men but not women , because of the implicit understanding that women were just naturally pure and did n’t need much external encouragement to be “ good . ”
Some feminists still seem to hold to this idea - that men and women are equal , but really - wink , wink - we all know that men are actually pigs .
A real head scratcher to be sure .
But these days women say they do n’t want to be on a pedestal , that putting them there is sexist !
So now that we ’re on equal footing , can we admit that today ’s women need some work too ?
Could we perhaps say that equality should n’t mean embracing and outdoing men in things that were traditionally considered masculine ?
That making out with other chicks for attention and lifting your shirt for beads and getting smashed and burping the alphabet and dressing in sweatsuits really has very little to do with being “ liberated ? ”
That if men are going to know their way around a kitchen , that maybe women could , too ?
( I know lots of women my age who could n’t cook to save their life . )
That you ca n’t insist on both being treated like a princess while also being a totally “ independent woman ? ”
( And that these dual impulses are driving men nuts ? )
And that a lot of relationships are falling apart not because there are n’t any good men to be found , but because women are so paranoid about “ losing their identity ” that they ca n’t settle down and give themselves over to being with a man ?
( Did you know that 2/3 of divorces are initiated by women ? )
Now do n’t get me wrong .
We ’re certainly not advocating a “ Get back in the kitchen ! ” movement .
Just like traditional manliness , recovering traditional womanliness will require sorting through which is the baby and which is the bathwater .
And that sorting seems like an even more difficult task than it is for men .
A veritable minefield where PC - ness , reality , history and progress collide .
But that is where I ’d like to start this discussion .
What aspects of femininity do you wish women would once again embrace ?
If you ’re manning up , what do you expect of women ?
I ’m also interested in what our female readers have to say about the subject .
Related Articles
Tags : expect
Share this
Oregon already is a leader in state income taxes , but now consider how much higher it will be if the 2001 Bush Tax Cuts will expire .
By Oregon Tax News ,
Americans for Tax Reform did a calculation of what each state ’s top income tax rate would be if the Bush 2001 tax cuts expire .
The results are ranked from best to worst with nine states being tied for the first spot as these states have no income tax .
Oregon was noted for being the highest income tax state ( including the District of Columbia ) .
The method does not compare other taxes such as sales taxes where Oregon has none and Washington is among the highest .
The chart is useful for those businesses and individuals consider moving into or out of a state .
More from the chart here
Authored by : jkrise on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 10:47 AM EST
By simply pointing to prior art to the patent office ?
Or the only way is to wait for MS to sue someone and then show the prior art as
a defence ?
In any case , this proves the patent system in the US is completely
broken and in urgent need of an overhaul .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 10:50 AM EST
Guess I 'm first or close to it .
I have only one thing to
say .
" su " me .
The second thing ;-) is that since sudo has been in existance
for so long , there is no way the M$ patent can impact it .
Oh , for sure they can try , but they might as well patent
roads or the delivery of mail .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Sunny Penguin on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 10:52 AM EST
Imagine if the patent application was treated as a court document and the patent
applier was sworn in under oath .
Could we then charge " Contempt of Court " for things like this ?
The patent on sudo is a malicious lie , made by a monopoly with an extensive
history of false litigation and the backing of false litigation by pawn
companies .
I see this patent being sold to some SCO type scam .
---
EOD is a science of vague assumptions based on debatable data taken from
inconclusive experiments with instruments of problematic accuracy by persons of
questio [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Winter on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 10:53 AM EST
I always understood that you could patent everything that was not published in
the trade press nor has been patented before .
And that is what the patent
examiner has to search .
If SUDO ( gksudo and friends ) has not been been presented in the trade press ,
then MS does not have to know about it .
Neither needs the USPTO
Remember that the USA has uphold patents on Basmati rice and Neem tree leaves
even though these had been in use for millenia in India .
The fact that they were know was never a problem in these cases .
Rob
---
Some say the sun rises in the east , some say it rises in the west ; the truth
lies probably somewhere in between .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : ais523 on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 10:57 AM EST
This thread is for comments unrelated to the article .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : ais523 on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 10:58 AM EST
In case there 's a mistake in the article .
Please try to indicate the correction
in the title of your post .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Wrong link to sudo home page - Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 12:38 PM EST
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 11:20 AM EST
I do n't see where this would impact sudo .
The patent covers a specific version of a sudo application
that explicitly identifies users which have sufficient
rights to execute the task that the current user has no
rights to .
It 's a more user - friendly version of sudo ( which always
elevates to " root " ) .
You can argue why making a task more user - friendly in an
obvious way ( especially as there 's no specificity whatsoever
in the claims as to how the " identification " of said
elevated users will be implemented ) should ( not ) be
patentable , but at least it will not interfere with present
systems , correct ?
__
magicmulder [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : designerfx on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 11:34 AM EST
I do n't think disclosure is an excuse for why patents are good ( see my comments
previous articles ) , but that was what the supremes said themselves .
I was trying to infer that it 's not being fully disclosed , so if they are trying
to use that rationale as a reason * for* software patents , then their own reasons
do n't even fit .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 11:37 AM EST
Or , at least , it will when Microsoft gets the patents written . :(
I notice in reading the patent ( which I do n't do often ) that they are not
patenting the software , they 're patenting the " media " that contains
the software .
Is this common / relevant ?
cpeterson , WINAL
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Steve Martin on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 11:43 AM EST
Oh , good grief !
This concept goes back way past BSD , back to the mainframe days .
( See , for example , the XDS Sigma 7 UTS Reference manual ( 1971 ) , Appendix B , the listing for monitor error code 09 , subcode 00 : " The user privilege level was not high enough to allow issuing a direct device OPEN " . ) ---
" When I say something , I put my name next to it . " -- Isaac Jaffe , " Sports Night " [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 11:44 AM EST
Perhaps the USPTO would like to apply for their own patent on stupidity .
It would only be fitting as they seem to have cornered the market on that dubious commodity .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 11:58 AM EST
Why do n't they go all out and patent micro code and RISC computers as well .
They were also innovations at the University of Buffalo .
Actually the academics have a word for this , its called plagiarism and the U of
B has a policy in regards to it .
It will get you thrown out .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : complex_number on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 12:04 PM EST
Windows ?
HeHe .
Seriously , I can't help see this as the next step in their grand plan to
eliminate Linux entirely .
This is ( IMHO ) squarely targetted at Ubuntu as they
do n't ( OOTB ) have a usable root account .
Personally , sudo gets deleted on all my
Linux boxes right after installation .
If I want to do stuff as root then I login
as root .
What 's next ?
Patent bash ?
---
Ubuntu & ' apt - get ' are not the answer to Life , The Universe & Everything which
is of course , " 42 "
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 12:35 PM EST
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 12:57 PM EST
It may be a bad and dangerous patent , but it 's not a patent on sudo , which has a
POSIX interface and not a GUI .
There might be a problem for graphical dialogs
that authenticate a user to exercise root privileges , whether they use the sudo
mechanism or not .
But tracing prior art on sudo itself is irrelevant .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : cxd on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 01:12 PM EST
I have the documents necessary for an ex parte re-examination of a patent
application .
We can file this ourselves as a group .
PJ if you would like to
contact me I would be glad to send you the forms and instruction sheet .
I am
posting here because I think your spam filter is blocking my email .
cxd [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 01:20 PM EST
Obviously USPTO does n't read Groklaw .
We tore this to shreds when the application went in :-( [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : ghopper on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 01:47 PM EST
This is business as usual for patents .
I foresee the day when a creative lawyer
will sue the USPTO on behalf of all the programmers out there who have had their
inventions patented by other companies .
Do n't say it can't happen .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Software piracy - Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 05:31 PM EST
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 01:48 PM EST
As ironic as it sounds , every time you support microsoft when it gets sue over a
patent , you support patents on software ..
Until these companies have to pay so much money for software patents that their
shareholders start objecting , you will only ever see laws around software
patents getting stronger .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 02:20 PM EST
" ... earliest sudo reference in the patent database Microsoft told the USPTO
about is 1997 ... "
What year did they decide that software could be patented ?
If you are looking
for prior art , you do n't look in the patent data base , unless you are trying to
game the system .
You look in software publications such as Spectrum and
publications of teh Association of Computing Machines .
The system is broken ,
broken , broken !!! [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 02:30 PM EST
Their SUDO has a help icon and a GUI !
That makes it unique !
And if that 's not enough , they can graft 4 knowledge bases to it , just like in
that other patent ! [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 02:37 PM EST
Any computer that presents the user with a login or user authentication prompt
before running the command line shell or GUI desktop fits the description of
this patent .
User tries to access the computer ( shell , GUI , whatever ) , gets presented with a
prompt to supply credentials and is allowed or denied to run the shell or GUI
based on those credentials .
So , when was the first login prompt ??
Multix or so ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
How about Login ? - Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , November 15 2009 @ 02:40 AM
EST
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 02:39 PM EST
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 02:44 PM
EST
Maybe someone can patent some of the basic DOS commands and then ask MS to pay
up . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 02:46 PM
EST
" Etc. blah , blah .
Dude .
It 's sudo .
With a gui .
Sudo for Dummies .
That 's
what it is . "
Not exactly :
" ... presenting a graphical user interface , the graphical user interface
having : multiple account regions , each account region identifying one of the
multiple accounts capable of permitting the task ; ... "
When I run Sudo , I have permissions to do things like
cd /
sudo rm -R *
Microsoft has a different security model .
You would think that as
Administrator , Microsofts analogue for root , you would be able to do the same
thing .
But Microsoft has such a convoluted security system with
" trusted " zones and so on , that ownership is not so clear .
With
their dedication to digital restrictions management , that they needed a brand
new tool to be able to identify exactly which user can do what .
" each
account region identifying one of the multiple accounts capable of permitting
the task "
For example I 'm willing to bet that there are some tasks that
can not be performed , unless you are remotely logged in from Microsoft 's domain .
( Did you really think your machine was your own ? )
This is a thing that would only have use on a Microsoft OS .
So , if you are not
writing code to be run on a Microsoft OS , you probably do n't have to worry about
it .
And if you are writing code to run on a Microsoft OS , you have my deepest
sympathy . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Peter Baker on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 03:09 PM EST
Is n't there a way for going after the USPTO for causing harm
to the original authors by issueing a patent without the
search they 're supposed to do ?
At the rate they 're making mistakes there should be justifiable cause for a
class action suit by now , and maybe
those that knowingly abuse the system despite prior art as
well .
Just musing about throwing a large handful of nuts into
those gears ..
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : ThrPilgrim on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 03:13 PM
EST
If Micosoft ever try to captalise on this Patent my I suggest the party receving
the letter from Microsofts lawers point them to the reply given by Private Eye
in Re : Arkell v Pressdram 1971
PS : If any one without knowledge of the case does look it up , be aware that it
contains strong language .
---
Beware of him who would deny you access to information for in his heart he
considers himself your master .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Microsoft Patents Sudo ?!! - Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 04:34 PM
EST
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 03:19 PM EST
Is it me or does the " computer - readable media " strike a cord .
I think that with the advent of OCR , virtually anything written on paper is " computer - readable media " which means that if I wrote a OCR to computer instructions conversion ( a patent compiler ) from reading the patent , the patent is itself patented .
I thought that this was the realm of copyright in which case I would agree that anyone can write their own version of SUDO and have their copyright to it .
I just do n't see how " computer - readable media " ought to be relevant and why , for the sake of goodness , is the USPTO handing out patents to books .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Eeyore on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 03:25 PM EST
The Unix " su " command is the older equivalent of sudo .
It was mentioned on page 174 of this 1979 Unix manual ( and probably LONG before that ) .... [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : kattemann on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 03:33 PM EST
How about this gem , from the Technical Field - Background part of the document :
But to elevate his or her rights to perform a task , the user will often need to find or remember an administrator account name .
This may be disruptive ; a user may need to call someone to figure out the name , find some scrap of paper somewhere on which the user wrote it down some time ago , and the like .
You do n't say .
Security still is n't a concern , I see .
Also , the user may need to type the name in .
Typing a relatively simple account name may , on its own , be a disruption .
But many account names are complex , having a mix of letters , numbers , symbols , and lower - and upper - case characters .
These names may cause a further disruption because they may requite that the user type slowly and carefully .
Thus , searching for and typing in an account name to elevate rights may disrupt the user 's workflow on the computer , especially if the user needs to elevate his or her rights often throughout the day .
Wow .
The company I work for has tens of thousands of employees , yet generate 8 - character user names based on initial and surname plus a number .
Passwords , however , are required to have that sort of complexity .
If they do n't like work disruptions , let them fix their software so I never again have to wait TWO HOURS from turning on the PC until I can start working .
Happened twice last month ... [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 03:44 PM
EST
Part of the problem with examining software patents is that you can't just look
at a claim and say " that 's stupid " or " that 's obvious " - you
have to SHOW everything .
So yes while Sudo has been around , this specific
implementation of sudo , with the graphical identifiers , etc. may not have been
done before .
When you 're examining a patent , you have to find and show every nitty - gritty
little detail .
We can use obviousness under 35 U.S.C. 103 to combine references ,
but that does n't help to reject something that has n't been done before but is
nonetheless extremely stupid and / or obvious .
Unfortunately this means that patents can issue on more or less anything that 's
' new ' .
Absent giving an Examiner the ability to make a judgment call that a
particular feature is stupid , obvious , or arbitrary , there is no way to put a
reasonable limit on what can be patented .
Furthermore , even if we were allowed
to make such a judgment call , this would add a great deal of subjectivity to the
process .
While it may result in less software being patented , it would make the
process of getting a patent even more of a joke than it is now .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : The Mad Hatter r on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 03:53 PM EST
PJ ,
You stated in the article that this should show the USPTO that there is no value
in computer patents .
OK - here 's a challenge .
Tell me where the value is in any patent .
Now at this point I know you are going to say that you can read the patent to
learn how to build the invention .
But if I 'm an inventor , the last thing I'm
going to do is read a patent .
If I do , it leaves me open to triple damages , at
least in the USA .
So there 's no value provided by disclosure .
So what value is
there ?
---
Wayne
http://crankyoldnutcase.blogspot.com/
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 04:26 PM EST
They list all these documents , that exist prior to the application date by
years , yet , they get a patent .
Is it true anymore that you have to apply for the
patent within a year ?
I 've seen nothing in this application that passes the
obviousness test .
We have a tool that already exists to upping privileges to do
things , we have an existing system for presenting gui prompts to tasks
previously run from a command line .
How is adding a an old gui front end solution to an old command line function
non-obvious .
Considering people have been adding gui front ends to console
preograms for decades ?
Why is it there seems to be absolutely no organization of who reviews patents
related to computers .
Should patents for computer software have like it's own
department within the PTO .
Or at least train everyone on software .
I sure hope
SCOTUS throws out all software patents , but I did n't get that warm and fuzzy
from the transcript .
If we must have software patents should we not at least get a PTO that knows
basic software history ?
Should n't there also be some kind of punishment for
companies that exclude pertinent prior art .
There ought to be some serious
punishment for this .
Letting a company say they did n't know of the prior art should not be an excuse .
At least , not if the prior art is easy to find .
I can certainly understand ,
there will be cases of very obscure prior art .
They obviously knew it was called
sudo in Linux and that Linux is a Unix like operating system .
Therefore not
looking in Unix and not finding in Unix the equivalent prior art , using the same
name and going back even further than they mentioned , should be a felony crime .
There has to be some minimal measure of searching for prior art that one should
do , and if that level is n't reached , then there should be consequences .
That
level should also be commensurate with the financial size of the company .
That
is , a large company should have to incur an equivalent percentage of cost for
prior art search .
This would help to balance the patent system , making it
comparatively as expensive for very large companies to innovate as it is for
small companies .
A Sliding scale of prior art searching , with an established
minimum .
With checks and balances to keep big companies from spinning off
research arms to do the dirty work of patents .
So if some small company sells a
lot of patents to big companies , then they get their sliding scale jacked up
real high , even higher than an in - house research arm .
-- celtic_hackr [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 05:02 PM EST
Geez ... even if Microsoft want to claim the GUI version
as " patentable " , they need to talk to ( at a minimum ) the
folks over at Canonical .
The very first version of Ubuntu
( 4.10 , released in October 2004 ) had a graphical sudo .
The USPTO make me sick .
The US Supreme Court decision of
1989 that allowed this software - patentry nonsense makes me
sick ( stupid , stupid decision ) .
And if we allow software
patents in Europe , then we are equally stupid for it .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : globularity on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 05:10 PM EST
Interesting wording used in the patents , unless the legal definition of cause is
different to the regular one software instructs a computer it does not cause a
computer , whether or not the computer actually executes those instructions is
another matter .
Letting lawyers get their hands on software is like wizards
performing chemistry or economists doing accounting .
---
Windows vista , a marriage between operating system and trojan horse .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 05:16 PM EST
Has anyone noticed that this may be an attempt at patenting the
implementation of Microsoft User Account Control ?
This is a similar
functionality
to sudo ; however , there is no existing patent .
There is only an existing GNU
license and much prior art and usage .
Ergo , Microsoft should not be able to
proceed in asking for damages for prior use and continued use by prior
implementers of SUDO so long as the base remains the same ; however , it does
open a portal of attack for future redevelopments of the linux kernel such as
Moblin , etc. [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 05:19 PM EST
Arggh .
Is n't it also really just setuid , which WAS patented by Dennis Ritchie in 1972 ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 05:25 PM EST
Hello , I 'm back again - me , the causal computer user with a working class
education .
Not being a lawyer , I 'm confused about all this patent stuff and
hoping somebody can tell me ... if something like sudo can be patented , can new
elements that come out of academic atomic accelerators be patented ?
Can the way
the atoms were split be patented ?
Can an atomic accelerator , a combination and
collection of patented parts and subassemblies , be patented as a whole device ?
Where is all this patent frenzy craziness going to lead and how far - fetched can
it get ?
A humble working stiff would like to know .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 06:04 PM EST
Wait :
So we have prior art , right ?
DEFENDERS : SWITCH TO OFFENSE :
They 're using
" our " SUDO ! :> [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 06:10 PM EST
Normally , I assume PJ has at least read the dcument .. but im guessing this time
she did n't .
Firstly I find the comment after the " history of sudo " .. about
" microsoft should have known that , I guess they did n't " odd .. because
they actually reference sudo in their patent .
Secondly , this patent is just so not about sudo , its about a graphical interface
for a start , sudo is command line .
Its also about identifying and presenting
choices of suitably privileged user , sudo only pretends to be root ... and has no
mechanism for identifying which of a series fo user accounts could perform the
task .. so , I really do n't get this " its just sudo " ..
they clearly cite the sudo documentation in the patent and this does soemting
quite quite different .
Thats said , software patents are still bad and wrong , lets hope re Bilski
despatches them all to the great bit bucket in the sky .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 06:12 PM EST
The claims quoted describe the program as providing a list
of user accounts that could be used to execute the
privledged task , as opposed to elevating the process to
superuser status .
That 's actually good thing , security
wise , because it helps to promote the user running that task
at the least - useable - privledge level for that task , instead
of automatic promotion to superuser status .
Sudo and
the like do n't do that .
I would like to call it an obvious or trivial modification
to sudo , but I have never thought of that particular
modification before , and I have never seen software that
does that yet ( granted , my personal memory does not qualify
as an exhaustive search .
Under the current patent regime , I
think those claims , at least by themselves qualify as a
novel , non-obvious improvement , and therefore patentable .
I hate to say it , but I do n't think this patent can be assaulted on prior art .
On the other hand , it is a software
patent , which I think is the real problem .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : / Arthur on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 06:32 PM EST
priv is the same as the sudo command .
I have the habit of making note of the sources .
Back then you had to type everything from the magazine
and i found this on top of my source code
/*
* Priv Run a command as superuser
* By Ron Kuris , December 1988
* UnixWorld MAY 1989 Page 117
*/
So please do n't tell me there are no published works on this subject .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 06:53 PM EST
You have no room to complain for the following reasons :
1. ) The GNU / * NIX community knows MS is a patent troll .
2. ) You know MS is out to get you .
3. ) You have had tech out since 1979 that is open sourced , but not patented or
copyrighted .
Your argument sounds something like this :
1. ) I live in a neighborhood filled with thieves .
2. ) I saw some thieves casing my house .
3. ) Hey , I will leave my front door open while I 'm out , it will be great .
4. ) Oh no , I 've been robbed !
How could this happen to me !
Here 's the obvious question :
Why has n't someone in the GNU / Linux or Unix world
patented their stuff ?
Patent it , give it to a community trust of some sort , and
protect civilization from Microsoft .
It does n't take a genius .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 07:25 PM EST
I am a Patent Agent and I can tell you that it is NOT necessary for the
invention to be described in only the trade press .
Even a conversation ( that
can be documented ) between two individuals can in some circumstances constitute
prior art .
In any case sudo was certainly documented in some Unix manuals way ,
way before MS documented what it " knew " about prior art .
There is also a requirement that the patentee swear that he / she has disclosed
all known prior art .
To knowingly fail to do so is fraud on the Patent Office
and is a federal crime .
But you have to show the patentee know about sudo and
failed to disclose it .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 07:33 PM EST
PolicyKit - Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , November 13 2009 @ 02:16 AM
EST PolicyKit - Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , November 14 2009 @ 06:43 AM
EST
- Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , November 13 2009 @ 02:16 AM EST
Authored by : rhdunn on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 08:32 PM EST
ChangeLog for gksu references an initial version on 2002 - 02 - 18 .
On a quick check , I could not find out the earliest version of kdesu .
Not to mention the obviousness of having functionality available on the command line and creating a GUI version of it ( next it 'll be on the web -- sorry , " in the cloud " -- or whatever technologies are currently in fashion these days ) .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 08:54 PM EST
This may be a silly patent but we have to learn what a patent is before getting
outraged .
For a patent to be infringed you must do everything in the claim .
That means not only have sudo , but the gui and the specific elements of the gui .
They talk about more than a normal gui .
To infringe you have to have to show
the user what other users have the priveledge to do that you want to do and they
have to rank order them in some way using the characteristcs suggested in the
patent .
There are more things you have to be doing all at once before you are
in any danger from this thing .
Rather than being a really dangerous one that affects all sorts of systems , I'm
surprised they wasted the money on the patent because it 's really hard to write
something that they could go after -- and even after reading the claims it 's not
clear why you 'd bother to do what they are protecting .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 09:31 PM EST
Well , it 's really sad that the USPTO allowed this , because there are existing
methods much more
similar to this patent than simple sudo .
The most prominent is the
authorization framework in Mac
OS X , used by applications that rely on Desktop Services for authorization .
In a similar way , it can
prompt the session user to supply ( or have supplied ) the credentials of a user
who is a member of
another group , having elevated privileges .
However , there are some subtleties to this patent that make it kind of
unique .
First off , it looks like
Microsoft is devising a way of presenting the session user with a list of
" other
eligible accounts "
based on some sort of proximity calculation to the session user .
Perhaps
this would mean listing
local administrators first , above administrators defined in a directory
domain .
Who knows , really , because of the broad nature of software patents .
They 're
a perfect example of
inverse - inductive reasoning , going from the specific implementation to a
generally - worded " catch
all " patent .
In some respects , I understand why the patents are written in
this way , but it 's a short -
lived logic at best .
I know that we 'll toss software patents one day , and innovation will be the
better for it .
What 's more ,
it 's really well - established that sudo predates this patent , so any
interpretation of the patent that
would include sudo 's functions would be considered " prior art . "
So
this really
just boils down to
some subtleties in Microsoft 's implementation , and that 's all that it could
protect .
Still , given the
expense of maintaining a patent like this , I 'd think that Microsoft would be
better off funneling that
money into its own R&D efforts instead .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Microsoft Patents Sudo ?!! - Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 03:26 PM
EST
Authored by : Kevin Snodgrass on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 09:32 PM
EST
Google ?
This is Microsoft , try bing !
Bet you get different results there ...
No , I 'm not going to try it , I have useful things to do ...
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 10:02 PM EST
could people please read up on sudo before they make a comment .
this patent is already done in sudo and gksudo .
there is nothing new about this patent and there is plenty of prior art .
even if this was only about a sudo gui that you can choose a user to run the
command as look no further than gksudo .
has been around for a while now .
so please this is not unique and it is still all about sudo .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 10:33 PM EST
Seriously , is this only obvious to me ?
The patent was applied for in 2005 .
While Microsoft was working on Vista .
Which has UAC .
Which is exactly what is described in this patent .
Hmm .
Yes , software patents suck , and this is definitely one they
should have rejected , but if you 're trying to spin this into
some kind of Microsoft conspiracy theory , you 're way off the
deep end .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Why they did this - Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , November 14 2009 @ 04:19 PM EST
Authored by : Anonymous on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 10:59 PM EST
Whenever M$ sues anyone for violation of their patent , that person should sue
the USPTO for the damages .
It would teach the USPTO to be a little bit more
careful in future .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : hAckz0r on Wednesday , November 11 2009 @ 11:01 PM EST
There have been many implementations of SUDO.EXE on the Windows platform over the years , but Microsoft has always made this capability difficult .
Other than Cygwin which I played with many years ago , some of the more recent links I can give are at ucalgary .
ca © 2005 - 2008 Nathan Friess .
All rights reserved .
and huddledmasses.org and sourceforge.
net 2007 and blueshiftlabs and suDown GPL to name just a few .
It seems that the solution for the need of " Administrator privilege " was " invented " about the same time that Microsoft figured out just what a " user " was , or why you should even recognize one from another .
---
DRM - As a " solution " , it solves the wrong problem ;
As a " technology " its only ' logically ' infeasible .
[ Reply to This | # ]
SUDO.exe - Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 12:16 AM EST
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 12:26 AM EST
From the patent front page :
" " "
Other References
Andy Rathbone , " Windows XP for Dummies " , 2001 , Wiley Publishing Inc. ,
pp .
62-64 , 66 , 106-107 , 128 and 314 . cited by examiner .
" " "
This is kind of reflective of the depth of literature review that examiners
perform . [ Reply to This | # ]
Other References - Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 06:16 AM EST
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 12:31 AM EST
Full Disclosure : I am an inventor on 5 issued US patents and many additional
filings .
I do n't work for Microsoft .
I run FreeBSD at work .
[ 1 ] This Microsoft Patent fully discloses sudo ( 1 ) in the reference section thus
I question whether the poster of the story ( and most of the replies ) has any
real clue at all about how to read patents in general ( much less software
patents ) .
[ 2 ] sudo ( 1 ) takes a command line argument of a command to execute after
gaining privs ; the Microsoft claim 1 has a limitation that explicitly states
that the command was attempted and failed before ( effectively doing the
steps of sudo ) .
[ 3 ]
Better prior art to cite against this patent :
The FreeBSD ports system when
used " portupgrade -s " .
In this mode , sudo is executed for commands
that fail under the user privs that make ( 1 ) was run .
I guess " Microsoft Patents Sudo ? ! ! " is a better title to inflame linux
users than
" Microsoft Patents something that , in their option , enhances sudo " .
Groklaw , we expect better analysis from you .
Regards ,
Anonymous [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 12:33 AM EST
They actually have more there than sudo with a gui .
Their innovation is to allow users ( or attackers ) to see who has the privilege they need .
Their innovation is an invitation to social engineering attacks as I mentioned here .
Perhaps this would be a quick and easy to invalidate it , since the only innovation is to make it less secure ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 12:56 AM EST
just how many trolls and M$ shills have come out of the woodwork on this one .
And they 're so easy to spot , but I 'm not sure if that 's because they 're a lower
caliber than usual or if I 'm just getting better at spotting them .
( Hint : If you think I might be talking about you , I probably am . ) [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 02:09 AM EST
$ patent sudo
- bash : patent : command not found
$ sudo patent sudo
$ [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 02:33 AM EST
Have you seen this ?
http://patft.uspto.gov/netacgi/nph-Parser?Sect1=PTO2&Sect2=HITOFF&p=1&am
p;u=%2Fnetahtml%2FPTO%2Fsearch-bool.html&r=6&f=G&l=50&co1=AND&am
p;d=PTXT&s1=6,775,781&OS=6,775,781&RS=6,775,781
A very old patent on sudo .
Heise ( a German publisher ) announced it , too :
http://www.heise.de/newsticker/meldung/Microsoft-bekommt-sudo-Patent-zugeteilt-1
01653.html
Do n't get the difference in there ... [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 04:26 AM EST
Can somebody please tell me how a company can patent something that has been in
the public domain for 30 years ?
Am I missing something , here ? [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 04:30 AM EST
Sudo is a command line - tool , but can be used through GUI too like it 's been
stated regarding gksu / kdesu .
sudo is n't all tied to elevate privilege up to
root , from " man sudo " :
" sudo allows a permitted user to execute a command as the superuser or
another user "
I use this feature everyday though the sudoers file .
Then there is Policykit , it has a GUI , and provides highly fine grained
privilege elevation .
http://hal.freedesktop.org/docs/PolicyKit/
Interestingly the documentation starts with a " History and prior art "
section .
Microsoft is evil .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 05:30 AM EST
If you 're familiar with the sudoers mechanism ( see the man page for sudoers ) , and read the patent , what Microsoft describes is not quite as good as sudo .
The intent is the same , but the Microsoft mechanism is messier .
Especially , administration of the scheme is not as well thought out .
There are references to the sudoers documentation in the patent , and they certainly constitute prior art that should have invalidated the patent .
We can only assume that the patent examiner either did n't read them or did n't understand them .
The text of the patent does not seem to discuss them , which surprised me , because patents normally include a section describing the " prior art " .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Have n't you heard ?
- Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 04:20 PM EST
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 06:46 AM EST
Authored by : sciamiko on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 07:09 AM EST
Reading through the comments , it occurs to me that the difference in views is almost entirely due to the misunderstanding on the part of the proponents for this patent of how software is envisaged by the writer of it .
It 's all about abstraction , just as PoIR has eloquently described .
When a developer is considering how to solve a problem , he is thinking in very abstract terms , which he then maps onto whatever the available material is under the constraints the task places on him .
Whether the interface is command line , GUI , keyboard , or mouse , is largely irrelevant to the solution technique he will adopt - that is just trivia to be added in to finish the job off ( but trivia that may take a long time to implement and debug , though ) .
In a similar manner , whether it will be written in Lisp , C++ , or Python is akin to selecting the tools to use .
An analogy might be with a cabinetmaker asked to make a chair .
He will consider the wood available ( equivalent to the OS ) , and any flaws in it ( other environmental constraints ) , and design the joints appropriately ( choosing the algorithm ) ; he will use the appropriate tools ( selecting the language ) , and he will supply upholstery according to the users requirements ( putting on a GUI , or whatever ) .
But to the joiner , it is the same job in abstraction - making a chair - and that is exactly the way a programmer looks at a problem .
That 's why we see these patents as stupid and obvious .
The task here is to allow a user to change their privileges , not the exact details of how its done .
s. ---
The road to wisdom ? --
Well , it 's plain and simple to express :
Err and err and err again but less and less and less .
( Piet Hein , Grooks ) [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 07:39 AM EST
Even if you can sudo to another user than root , it still
requires you to tell sudo which user you want to elevate to .
The patent covers a method which automatically (! ) suggests
users to elevate to .
It neither covers plain sudo ( where you explicitly give the
user to elevate to ) nor versions where you put a list of
candidates into a file .
So please stop pounding on my oversight that sudo is n't
limited to root elevation and get to the point I 'm trying to
actually make .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 07:44 AM EST
Also check this , back on 2004 :
" Administrative security systems and methods "
http://tinyurl.com/36mlpv
Seems that have the same meaning .
TaQ [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 09:50 AM EST
If this were hardware my understanding is that if you add something to , or
change something about something that already exists , your patent would only
apply to the part that you changed .
Since Microsoft brilliantly added a GUI to
sudo , and since that took so much ingenuity , and must have taken a significant
financial commitment to achieve , the patent is surely warranted .
I know that if I financed the thousands of man hours which must have been
involved in even just the planning stage required to achieve a monumental leap
forward such as this , I would be wanting to protect my investment too .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 11:06 AM EST
In the old days , circa 1989 - 1992 , there was a Convex command called " op " .
Convex Computer Corporation had a BSD version of UNIX called Convex UNIX , later called ConvexOS .
The good thing about " op " , compared to sudo , was that each user could be given extremely granular elevated system rights ; for example , a user could be allowed to run only a specific command or commands as root , and only with specific command line arguments in a certain order .
There is apparently a GNU / Linux version of op , but this was all I could find in a quick Google search : http://linux.die.net/man/1/op [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Hop on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 11:13 AM EST
Microsoft just plays the patent game like everyone else .
It goes something like
this .
You patent everything you do .
Do n't even bother with a prior art search .
At
best , you do a superficial search for prior art .
The USPTO rubber stamps
approval of the application .
They do n't bother with prior art either because
they figure that if there is prior art and someone cares , it will eventually be
settled in court .
They also do n't care because they are fighting a losing battle
on trying to process a mountain of new patents from those abusing the patent
system , like Microsoft .
The huge backlog of patents was created because the
USPTO became lax with what they allowed through in the first place .
Unfortunately it creates a system where only deep pockets can defend or get
patents revoked .
Few can afford the money to fight on either side of a patent
dispute so deep pockets almost always win .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 11:20 AM EST
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 12:34 PM EST
By patenting this , they protect THEMSELVES from being sued for
patent violation , and also reserve the patentable material ;
thus protecting anyone else from being sued unless THEY do the
suing .
In the past , Microsoft has never sued anyone for
anything but direct infringement .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 01:23 PM EST
What if the patent office were to allow all of us to contribute prior art information before they approved patents like this ??
Crows Source the Patent Approval Process [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 01:27 PM EST
For what it 's worth , here 's Todd Miller 's ( current sudo maintainer ) response to
this news as of this morning .
Link to the sudo - users 's mailing list archive :
http://www.sudo.ws/pipermail/sudo-users/2009-November/004228.html
Apologies for the double post .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : egan on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 01:34 PM EST
Did you get my email , PJ ?
( Please delete after reading . )
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 01:46 PM EST
if you 're bored , consider filing an ex parte reexam :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reexamination
http://www.uspto.gov/web/offices/pac/mpep/documents/2200.htm
an ex parte reexam allows members of the public to submit arguments and prior
art references indicating why the issued patent is invalid .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 02:11 PM EST
I do n't know why everyone beats up on Microsoft .
They make great software and
very reliable servers .
Their products are easy to use and based on industry
standards . [ Reply to This | # ]
Oh , humor ... - Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 02:53 PM
EST
- Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 02:53 PM EST LOL .... n/t - Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 03:41 PM
EST
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 03:42 PM EST
I think you miss the entire point !
Just patent the process of patenting and you
own the universe !
No , wait ?
Is there prior art ? [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 04:16 PM EST
because so many of the In Re Bilski amicus briefs in Bilski warned of financial devastation and decreased innovation if the US Supreme Court limits what is patentable , I wanted to highlight a research study that seems to demonstrate the opposite .
There are several studies by economists that question the value of patents .
For example , an article in the Economist ( free registration required to read it ) points out : THE DIRTY little secret about American patents is that they are too easy to file , too easy to defend , and too easy to use for nobbling legitimate competition .
The patents exploited last year to extract $ 612 m from Research in Motion , the maker of the BlackBerry e-mail gizmo , would have barely passed muster in another country .
Nor would Vonage , the internet - telephony pioneer , have had to cough up $ 58 m recently for infringing three unbelievably broad patents if they had been filed in Europe or Japan instead of America .
Patent law exists to encourage inventors by granting a monopoly for a limited period ( now 20 years ) in exchange for publishing their work so others can see how it affects their own innovations .
Implicit in the deal is a trade - off between private incentive and public good .
Of late , the balance in America has been tipped too much in the patent - holders favour .
In the process , American consumers have paid dearly through their loss of choice .
The countrys competitiveness has also suffered , ... [ Reply to This | # ]
Sudo patent - Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 04:45 PM EST
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 05:22 PM EST
Authored by : Anonymous on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 09:59 PM EST
You are barking at the wrong tree .
Bad mouth the seller of Sudo for selling to
Microsoft .
Not mad mouth Microsoft because they had a brain to buy the patent to
kill off the competition or make more money .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : argee on Thursday , November 12 2009 @ 10:38 PM EST
Folks , its a brand - new program because
IT RUNS ON WINDOWS !!!!!
True innovation at work .
$ sudo su -
# vomit
Microsoft Corporation ( tm )
#
---
--
argee [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , November 13 2009 @ 02:56 AM EST
By patenting every little step they take it makes it harder for others to
follow .
Not that FOSS folk want to follow MS , but the software can evolve in the
same direction .
By littering the playing field with booby traps and land mines
Microsoft is able to discourage others from developing software in competing
areas .
The spirit of the patent system is to provide some security for those
who invest money and take risks innovating .
This isnt an invention ; this is
taking the two well known concepts of user level elevation , and graphical
interfaces , and combining them .
Can two pre existing inventions when combined in
a common way , however in a situation in which it has not been applied before ,
claim to have invented something novel ?
Software , like books is served well by
the copyright system .
Instructions are written and the computer carries them
out .
A traditional author writes instructions in a technical manual and a person
carries them out .
Does the fact that I read ORiellys DNS and BIND  turn me
into a special purpose human - as arguments have suggested software does to
computers in the Bilski case ?
We all know I cant patent my moms recipe for
orange sponge muffins , even if for a short while the instructions do turn me
into a special purpose sponge muffin factory ( of the highest calibre ) .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , November 13 2009 @ 07:24 AM EST
Perhaps the USPTO are themselves victims of MS :) [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , November 13 2009 @ 10:17 AM EST
Another attempt by microsoft to steal an idea .
Remeber how they began ...
Hopefully our supreme courts will examine the facts and also I believe that the
patent should be revoked .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , November 13 2009 @ 01:52 PM EST
[ bsmith@uspto bin ] $ chown microsoft : microsoft sudo
chown : changing ownership of ' sudo ' : Operation not permitted [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Friday , November 13 2009 @ 05:48 PM
EST
I 'm not an attorney , and I 'm not used to stretching language in bizarre
twists .
However , reading that patent , I see a particular configuration
described .
In particular - the opening phrase , " computer - readable
media " .
To me , I 'm basically reading this as ...a USB key .
So , normally a user
ca n't perform some task - but upon inserting this special media the user
either performs the task or sees a GUI prompt .
However , this also reads like a smart card reader , finger print reader , or
other accessories for user validation .
While it can certainly be twisted in other ways - my view is this is far
less a battle for GNU sudo than it is for any of the hardware
authentication manufacturers . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , November 14 2009 @ 10:10 PM EST
To begain , I do think software patents should be stopped , and hope the court does that , additionally there may be solid prior art on this , but sudo ( or even su ) are not it .
that said let 's figure out what all this gobblygook actually says !
The invention claimed is : 1 . One or more computer - readable media having computer - readable instructions therein that , when executed by a computing device ,
It has to be a program on disk , tape , etc. cause the computing device to present a user interface in response to a task being prohibited based on a user 's current account not having a right to permit the task , This is important !
" In response to a task being prohibited " that means it ONLY presents the interface when you try to preform the action which is above your privilage level .
sudo does not make that distinction .
Also this does it automaticly , I have to preemptively think to use sudo .
" rm /etc / passwd " does not automaticly activate sudo for me ( it would for somthing which violates this patant ) .
the user interface comprising : information indicating the task and an entity that attempted the task ; a selectable help graphic wherein responsive to receiving selection of the selectable help graphic ,
It has a GUI with help .
ho -hum .
not really important .
This alone would not be obvious .
the computer - readable instructions further cause the computing device to present the information ; identifiers , each of the identifiers identifying other accounts having a right to permit the task , sudo does NOT do this , identifing the users with permission to preform a task and providing that infomration to an attacker seems to be a requirement of this patent .
I have no idea why they would do that , but maybe I should thank them for preventing anyone else from trying something so silly !
wherein the identifiers presented are based on criteria comprising : frequency of use ; association with the user ; and indication of sufficient but not unlimited rights ;
Generally sudo is used to change to the super - user , although other accounts can be used .
Frankly this really looks alot more like Solaris ' Role - Based Access Controls then Linux 's security model .
one of the identifiers identifies a higher - rights account having a right to permit the task , wherein the one of the identifiers comprises : a graphic identifying the higher - rights accounts associated with the user ; and a name of the higher - rights account ;
So it has a selector box for users , this has been done in some configurations of GDM , but I have n't seen it in a privalage escalation dialog , but because of the usage for logins , I would n't consider this " novel . " an authenticator region capable of receiving , from the user , an authenticator usable to authenticate the higher - rights account having the right to permit the task , wherein : the authenticator comprises a password , and the authenticator region comprises a data - entry field configured to receive the password .
OK , so we have a password box , nothing novel there .
2 . One or more computer - readable media having computer - readable instructions therein that , when executed by a computing device , cause the computing device to perform acts comprising : determining multiple accounts capable of permitting a task not permitted by an account of a current user wherein the determining is based on criteria comprising : frequency of use ; association with the current user ; and indication of sufficient but not unlimited rights ; receiving indicators for the multiple accounts capable of permitting the task ; presenting a graphical user interface , the graphical user interface having : multiple account regions , each account region identifying one of the multiple accounts capable of permitting the task ; an authenticator region capable of receiving an authenticator for one of the multiple accounts capable of permitting the task ; receiving , through the graphical user interface , the authenticator for one of the multiple accounts capable of permitting the task ; and responsive to receiving the authenticator for one of the accounts capable of permitting the task , packaging , into a computer - readable package , the received authenticator and the account capable of permitting the task associated with the authenticator , the package effective to enable authentication of the account capable of permitting the task .
AFAICT this just says " the above program has to run the requested commands with the choosen privilages . "
They seem to be quite careful to have the same limitations on what it applies to though .
( again important )
So because it is in responce to an attempt to use a restricted privilage , rather then used by the user in anticipation of needing elevated privilages , and it identifies all users with elevated privilages , I can only conclude that it is differnt enough from sudo that sudo is not grounds for it being denied ( although there may be other things which are ) .
Oninoshiko . [ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Saturday , November 14 2009 @ 10:25 PM EST
I keep saying this again and again , but apparently it bears repeating :
Intellectual Property = slavery of the mind
Now , if you do n't mind the thought of being born into a world of the mentally
enslaved then feel free to ignore this .
I 'm obviously just an open - minded freak
who should be labeled " insane " and ignored .
If you live by and approve of this dishonest way of thinking , do n't be surprised
when you are severely punished for it .
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : kawabago on Sunday , November 15 2009 @ 04:15 AM EST
The patent is on a graphical system that provides a list of identities that have
the needed permissions .
In other words , Microsoft has patented giving an
attacker a list of excellent targets .
Yeah , I 'm gonna license that technology !
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Sunday , November 15 2009 @ 07:57 PM EST
I mean , can we research the histories of the " inventors "
and if it is patently ( sorry ) obvious , they must have known
of sudo , can we not charge them with attempting to obtain
money under false pretences ?
Or something ?
Do we have to
wait for the inevitable patent war spat ?
[ Reply to This | # ]
Authored by : Anonymous on Monday , November 16 2009 @ 09:56 AM EST
With record low occupancy rates ( lowest since the Great Depression ) , it is n't surprising that some hotels are just closing down ...
From the Daily Herald : Arlington Heights Sheraton , Coco Key water park to close ( ht Doug )
Barring a last - minute rescue , the 14 - story [ Sheraton Chicago Northwest ] hotel at 3400 W. Euclid Ave. , as well as the 65,000 - square - foot indoor CoCo Key Water Resort , will cease operation at 5 p.m. Dec. 28 .
...
CoCo Key opened in January , 2007 , at a cost of $ 25 million .
As the largest hotel in Arlington Heights , the Sheraton 's closure amounts to a huge loss for the village in terms of sales tax revenues and jobs .
The Wyndham O'Hare at Rosemont will close a week from Friday ...
The closing of the 12 - floor , 466 - room hotel comes at a time of declining revenue in the hotel industry and a struggling convention industry in Chicago .
...
The hotel defaulted on a loan at the same time that the bank holding the loan was ... seized in October ...
The new owner of the loan , U.S. Bank , was not willing to advance the funds needed to keep the hotel open while in default ...
And from the Chicago Tribune : Wyndham O'Hare hotel in Rosemont to close on Jan. 1 See - through hotels !
This post is a love ode to Q’s school , pretty much .
In a chat with Q’s teacher the other day , we were talking a bit about gender dynamics and how they play into Q’s friendships , who he seeks out to play with , etc .
As he and his classmates get older , it gets a bit trickier that he gravitates mostly towards girls , given dynamics among groups of girls , at times .
But that ’s not the gist of this story .
Apparently the other day at lunch someone was talking about Q and used the pronoun “ she . ”
Under his breath , Q whispered , “ I guess some of them in here do n’t know . ”
He was n’t perturbed , according to his teacher , he did n’t come report it at home .
Really , it ’s an everyday occurrence that people do n’t know his sex / gender .
And it ’s not a big deal to him .
But here ’s where the real chords should be struck in this ode to Q’s school :
The teacher did n’t feel the need to correct the kiddos , nor did any of the other kiddos .
Those who know Q is a boy took it in stride .
Q took it in stride .
And the teacher took it in stride .
It was a non-issue .
And for that reason , for letting my boy just be himself , that ’s why my heart aches with love for his little school , his teachers , everyone there who thinks so carefully about the very best ways to take care of and nurture children .
Should anyone from said school be reading , know that you are thanked and honored .
Deeply and continually .
High stakes fraud and other financial criminal cases demand highly successful defense attorneys .
Birmingham white collar criminal attorneys at Boles Holmes Parkman
White have a distinguished history of success in the most high profile and complex criminal cases .
When not in court representing defendants charged with complex criminal charges , the firm ’s attorneys can be found counseling clients on all types of criminal matters .
When former HealthSouth CEO Richard Scrushy was accused of violating the Federal Government ’s Sarbanes - Oxley
Act he made the right choice choosing Jim Parkman and his legal team at Boles Holmes Parkman
White for his defense .
In 2005 , he was acquitted in this $ 2.7 billion fraud case .
As a result of that success , Boles Holmes Parkman
White received national attention , but success in that case was not an isolated example .
Boles Holmes Parkman
White have an exceptional record in high stakes cases .
Politicians , business leaders , athletes , and regular citizens from across the country have retained the services of the white collar criminal attorneys at Parkman & White for their most serious criminal matters .
Our experience also extends to protecting the professional licenses of our clients whose lives require not only that they stay out of prison , but that they can continue to work in their chosen field of expertise .
More than 100 years of combined legal experience
Jim Parkman , William
White and their team have over one hundred combined years of experience with white collar criminal defense , Federal Appeals , and a wide variety of other cases .
They have the skill and resources to confront the most complicated cases against the most challenging odds .
In addition to their deep legal experience , the attorneys in the firm received education in top business schools in areas of finance and accounting .
The United States Department of Justice will use all of its vast resources to aggressively investigate and prosecute the accused .
Only the most diligent , committed and experienced attorneys can defend against such a formidable opponent .
The attorneys of Boles Holmes Parkman
White are more than qualified .
A white collar criminal defense firm with an esteemed national reputation
One of the small percentage of criminal firms nationally where both partners William White and Jim Parkman have received the distinguished “ AV ” rating by Martindale Hubbell , indicating their peers have rated them “ preeminent ” among criminal attorneys .
A long history of success with white collar criminal defense has enabled us , often , to successfully negotiate to avoid formal charges to our clients .
Our past success in federal and state courts puts us in a position of power when it comes to negotiating what is best for you .
A strong Alabama white collar crime lawyer can work toward dismissal of charges or acquittal at trial , whether in Alabama or another jurisdiction .
We will prepare for success at trial but may use our negotiating skills to , perhaps , avoid a court trial altogether .
Boles Holmes Parkman
White have the experience and resources to provide representation in all stages of your case even if you have already been convicted .
There is no case too complex and no stakes too high .
We are , literally , prepared for any federal or state white collar criminal case .
Our professional resources extend throughout the United States and have handled criminal cases in New York , Florida , Texas , Georgia , Tennessee , Mississippi , California , Arizona , Pennsylvania , Virginia , South Carolina , Illinois , Alaska , Washington , Colorado , and more .
If you have been indicted , arrested , convicted , subpoenaed , or merely suspect that you are under investigation for a crime , Contact our Alabama white collar crime attorneys .
Blogs reporting on the pandemic and swine flu vaccination programme in the Ukraine have shut down , including the blog http://ukrainiantranslator.blogspot.com/
The person writing this blog said they had discontinued it because it was " not their thing " in an email .
Other reports suggest the Ukrainian government is threatening bloggers with arrest if they continue to report on the pandemic , the vaccination programme and the WHO takeover of the Ukraine under the pretext of fighting a pandemic emergency .
Big news for Ruby Gem maintainers : a few weeks ago GitHub stopped Gem building and announced it will only host existing Gems for another year .
For alternatives for Gem hosting , the GitHub team pointed to GemCutter .
Now the teams behind GemCutter , Ruby Gems and RubyForge got together to make another big change in the Ruby ecosystem : replacing RubyForge .
The announcement by Nick Quaranto explains the steps :
* http://rubygems.org will replace http://gems.rubyforge.org as the default gem host in RubyGems .
* Gem publishing off RubyForge will continue to work for the time being .
* We ’ll be merging user accounts from RubyForge , so you ’ll be able to log into RubyGems.org with your RubyForge login credentials .
Your gem ownerships will also be transferred over .
The plans right now seem to be to slowly phase out RubyForge and all its services , as the announcement explains :
The Ruby - specific functionality and data will be moved into RubyGems.org , and the parts that other hosting sites ( GitHub , Google Code , SourceForge ) can do better will be pruned away .
Migration paths for those projects will be provided , we ’re not throwing any switches without warning .
RubyGems.org will not be gaining any “ bloat ” from rewritten RubyForge features .
Details and specific plans are still being drawn up and details need to be worked out .
This discussion thread on the future of RubyForge gives more information , among others from Tom Copeland ( the maintainer of RubyForge ) .
Eg .
Tom explains the possible fate of project - specific domains , ie .
projectname.rubyforge.org :
Those virtual hosts will not be taken down right away ...
I suspect we 'll put them in read - only mode in a few weeks , though .
But we 'll do tarballs of that and other stuff that 's currently on RubyForge , and generally make it easy for folks to migrate away .
If you want to be small about it , my new - year ’s resolution is to stop calling “ it ” atheism .
More practically it ’s a renewed determination to call a spade a spade and be less compartmentalised in my own thinking .
Take a recent exchange between me and my business partner .
A simple SMS text message from him wishing me a Merry Christmas and a reply from me along the lines of , “ and a happy holidays to you too . ”
That , in combination with the fact I ’d already bowed out of the pre-banquet prayer dedication at a recent charity fund raiser we attended , was enough to prompt him to ask me , when we eventually saw each other face to face a few days later , “ I thought you did n’t celebrate Christmas ? ” when I once again shock his hand and wished him seasonal tidings .
“ I ’m an atheist , not a nihilist ” , I replied — which he seemed pleasantly pleased to hear me say , as if the weight of wondering how many bibles I ’d burned that day had been lifted from his shoulders .
But I was disappointed with myself for using that word again — after promising myself on numerous occasions I would grimace through the painful embarrassment of sounding like a typical liberal twat Guardian reader , and instead describe myself as a secular humanist , if ever asked that question again .
The debate over just how redundant it is , to label oneself with their word for us will rage on for as many years as that of African Americans using “ the N word ” to address one another , despite that it remains a taboo for non -black people to use the term — even when borrowed in ironic jest .
But just as with the on - going efforts to establish ebonics as a bonafide dialect , there must also come a time when an atheist confronts a personal decision , on when it is right to use descriptive slang and when it is more appropriate to use formal English — regardless of the accusation of elitism .
Sometimes an intellectual superiority complex is a smoke screen with which to mask arrogance .
But the recurring themes in the on - going anti-theism activism debate , as will be familiar to anyone who regularly reads the comment thread exchanges which I encourage on this blog with evangelical Christians , are ones which are almost too easy to shoot down ; too easy to shrug off with a terse half - paragraph of assumptions as to the true motivation of whom the reply is aimed .
As I am sure this quandary will be an all too familiar one for many activist bloggers , I have to ask , if we truly find ourselves yearning for a new kind of argument ; a newer more obtuse angle with which to take issue , in this ever souring tryst between believers and rationalists , or are we actually seeking , in the pursuit of that ultimate argument , a mutual cancelling out of our individual , egotistical needs to be seen by our peers to be asking the right questions — as would be consistent with the mantra , think for yourself ?
Similarly , the kooks who use the same old threat theology , like throwing Hebrews 10:26 - 31 at us for daring to admit we used to think like them , before we discovered [ insert your path to atheism story here ] .
These angry religionists are never going to wake up from the fact the only thing they have to hold onto is fear .
For as long as we respond to their push - button Christianity with exactly the kind of replies they expect to elicit from us , before they put finger to keyboard and regurgitate their hateful bile , they will never realise there are so many more wonderful ways to live this all - too - short life , than by being frightened of turning back into the stardust from which we are made and complete yet one more circuit of this atomic trip .
We , instead , need to look forward to 2010 as the year our message of peace , love for one another and respect for rational , constructive criticism takes as many more incredible steps forward as it has taken in just this past 12 months .
The atheist bus campaign , which I am proud to say started as a British concept , has exploded into a worldwide phenomena — with atheist agnostic secular humanist groups in just about every major world capital raising awareness among ordinary people in ways we never dreamed possible just 5 years ago .
The best selling books by authors like Richard Dawkins and Victor Stenger , which treat the creationists and literalists with the distain they deserve , by ignoring them completely , to concentrate instead on the wonderful and abundant evidence for evolution , both cosmological and biological , in an accessible and easy to read way : these are the kinds of works we need to encourage others to write and spread around the only planet any of us will ever know .
I want to wish all of my readers a very happy new year .
May the farce be with you .
Second only to Ron Paul , former New Mexico governor Gary Johnson is the most pro-liberty politician of any prominence .
It looks like he might be considering a presidential run .
Johnson seems like a dream come true ( at least for a politician ) .
For example , he supports the second amendment , marijuana legalization , and fought tax increases while governor .
He also supported Ron Paul for president in the primaries .
Sounds too good to be true ?
Perhaps .
The big question is where he stands on foreign policy though the support for Paul is a good sign .
David Beito is a Research Fellow at the Independent Institute and co-editor of the Independent book ,
Posts by David Beito | Full Biography and Publications is a Research Fellow at the Independent Institute and co-editor of the Independent book , The Voluntary City
One time a friend needed to come up with a password for something we were working on and I suggested the technique of using the first letters of a phrase that you know , so for example you might pick “ That ’s one small step for a man ” which would give you the password “ tossfam . ”
So my friend thought about it for a moment and suggested “ iatvmoammg . ”
I ’ll let that sit with you for a minute …
Still thinking ?
Figured it out ?
I did , to the surprise of both of us .
It ’s a line from a popular musical play by Gilbert and Sullivan , The Pirates of Penzance : “ I am the very model of a modern Major General ” I have no idea whether it was unusual or not that I figured that out ; so here are several more .
Feel free to post in the comments if you figure them out ( or not ) and how easy or hard they are .
All of them are common sayings , quotes , or phrases .
I think these are easier :
tbontbtitq
fsasyaofbfotcann
tgiagotos
waliaysaysays
anwyccdfyawycdfyc
iwtbotiwtwot
I think these are harder :
arsgnm
totwhtfifi
aycdicdbicdabty
mwchiny
altaiagffa
twdmar
gammd
idnlgeahidnltsia
Edit : Peter has a good idea with rot -13 .
You can access a tool to apply / remove rot -13 encoding here .
The Republic of Ireland have been forced to admit defeat in their efforts to be granted a replay of their World Cup play - off clash with France .
After Fifa rejected their appeals to have the second leg of the tie replayed because of Thierry Henry 's handball in the run-up to William Gallas ' decisive goal , the Football Association of Ireland , backed by the France skipper Henry , had turned to the French Football Federation .
However , the FFF has ruled out the possibility , and France will now take their place in next summer 's finals in South Africa while Ireland will remain at home , the victims of what they believe has been a gross miscarriage of justice .
The FAI chief executive John Delaney said today : " We regret that despite our best efforts for a replay , which would have restored the integrity of the game in front of a worldwide audience , our calls appear to have fallen on deaf ears at the French Football Federation .
" Without doubt , the credibility of fair play has been damaged by this incident in front of a worldwide audience .
Despite our deep disappointment , we thank our players , the wonderful Irish fans and the Irish public at large for their support , as well as the solidarity of the French people .
We will continue to call on Fifa to take action to ensure that such damaging examples of cheating are not allowed to recur . "
An FFF spokesman had earlier said : " Fifa is the ruler of the game and we have to abide by what they say .
They have ruled it will not be replayed so we should move on . "
France 's Manchester United defender Patrice Evra also ridiculed calls for the second leg to be replayed and offered a rematch on his Playstation .
" In football there are injustices all the time , " he told L'Equipe .
" Titi does n't deserve this .
Leave him be .
Who made the mistake ?
The referee .
" When I think that certain politicians want to replay the match ...
They do n't even know if the ball is round or oval and they would be the first to come and drink champagne in South Africa .
The replay , I 'll do it when you want on a Playstation . "
Meanwhile , around 100 Irish fans gathered at the French embassy in Dublin today to call for a replay of last week 's controversial World Cup qualifier .
Demonstrators waved flags as they marched from Lansdowne Road to the French embassy .
Retired politics teacher Vincent Lavery , 73 , claimed the dispute was all about money .
" The issue is global .
We are telling young people and the entire world that the governing body of the largest sport in the world , football , condones cheating without any repercussions , " he said .
" If you did it in education or business you would be fired and put in jail yet these people are allowed to get away with it . "
: The Language of Science Tobias Dantzig Plume , 1 Jan 2007 - Mathematics - 398 pages 3 Reviews Number is an eloquent , accessible tour de force that reveals how the concept of number evolved from prehistoric times through the twentieth century .
Tobias Dantzig shows that the development of math — from the invention of counting to the discovery of infinity — is a profoundly human story that progressed by “ trying and erring , by groping and stumbling . ”
He shows how commerce , war , and religion led to advances in math , and he recounts the stories of individuals whose breakthroughs expanded the concept of number and created the mathematics that we know today .
A few days ago , I got an email from a social media marketing guy at Rogers , inviting me to participate in a sneak preview of the Rogers On Demand Online service being launched on Monday ( see coverage of that at Digital Home , Paid Content , Mediacaster ) .
It ’s being called a “ Canadian Hulu ” , which is like saying CTV ’s video portal is a Canadian Hulu , except that CTV does n’t charge to watch its content .
I can’t imagine why Rogers would want me participating in this .
I guess they cast a wide net and do n’t read this blog , because otherwise they ’d know I do n’t think very highly of Canada ’s telecom companies , and most of my reviews are negative ones .
This one is no exception .
I decided to try this thing out , curious at why I had to login twice using two different login / password pairs ( I ’m hoping this is just because of the beta test ) .
Once I got in I had access to the vast library of television shows , movies , music videos and other stuff that … wait , that ’s all ?
Some library
These are the channels of content available .
It may seem random until you break it down :
Channels owned ( in whole or in part ) by Rogers : Citytv , OLN , bio , G4 , Rogers Sportsnet , vuguru
Government - owned or subsidized channels that offer cheap content : TVO , NFB , Galaxie
Independent producers offering cheap content : Super Channel , BiteTV / AUX , UFC , Big Ten
Kids specialty programming owned in whole or in part by Corus : YTV , Treehouse , Teletoon
Warner Brothers television
That last one is in its own category because it ’s where the only cool stuff I ’ve found so far comes from .
The West Wing , Babylon 5 , ER , Whose Line Is It Anyway and CHiPs .
That , plus the kids programming and a few other shows like Cougar Town , Ugly Betty and Extreme Makeover Home Edition are about as good as it gets .
Oh , and they have Jon & Kate Plus 8 .
Yeah .
My favourite , though , is their feature selection from the Bio biography channel .
It ’s an hour - long documentary about the life of Ted Rogers , created for OMNI ( which is owned by Rogers ) that could n’t be more of a corporate blowjob if it had been done by the Rogers Communications marketing department .
( Actually , maybe it was ? )
In other categories :
Movies :
There are less than two dozen of them , the most interesting of which is Saw .
In my test viewing with the latter , it was in square ( not letterbox ) format .
Interviews : All from UFC
Review / Short Subject : ditto
Web shows :
All for Nots , Prom Queen and Sam Has 7 Friends , all of which come from vuguru and are country - locked on their websites in a most inelegant make - it - broken way
Highlights / Recaps : Sports - related .
You ’re into U.S. college sports , right ?
Cuz that ’s all they got .
News Reports : Sports news from Rogers Sportsnet , almost all of it dated from more than a week ago
Trailers :
We ’re being charged to watch this ?
And even with its small TV library , you only get a half - dozen episodes of each series .
Rogers says it plans to expand that number , but the impression is it could take months or even years to build a respectable library .
For now , you can watch the pilot episodes of the West Wing and Babylon 5 , but not much more than that .
Walled garden
Oh , and by “ you ” , I mean paying customers of Rogers Cable or Rogers Wireless .
You see , this is n’t a free service like Hulu , it ’s free only for Rogers customers .
And some specialty content ( including Big Ten Network , Sportsnet and YTV ) is only available if you use Rogers for television service and if you subscribe to those channels .
( And for licensing reasons , you can only access it if you ’re in Canada . )
Since Rogers cable is n’t available in Quebec , that means a lot of stuff is going to be permanently off - limits to us .
( I ’m a Rogers Wireless subscriber – though not a proud one – so I ’d get in on the basic form of this service once it launches . )
This is an unfortunate sign of the future of online video .
Rather than being able to choose which online video service you want , or being able to see video directly on the website of the content creator , Canadians will be forced onto either Rogers , CTV , Canwest or other big portals , even by websites in the United States .
And with much less CRTC regulation on the Internet ( which is mostly good ) , they can use whatever anticompetitive methods they want .
Despite the lack of regulation , Canada ’s broadcasting web portals are becoming copies of the broadcasting television stations : giant bank accounts that pay through the nose for U.S. programming , package it with cheap , crappy homegrown stuff and make sure that the only way we can access what we want is through them .
Technical review
Beyond crapping all over Rogers for having an anemic video library , I should also offer a technical review of how the website works .
I ’d critique the technology used for actually streaming the video , but it ’s not Rogers technology .
Like Canwest , Rogers outsources this to a U.S. service called The Platform .
With the latter ’s help , any brain - dead monkey with a big bank account can setup an online video site .
If you ’ve been to the Global TV website to watch an episode of House , you know how the basics work there ( especially with the commercials , which are just as repetitive at Rogers ) .
Still , there were a number of glitches as I browsed around .
It would jump to a commercial in mid-sentence .
And the commercials are off to the left for some reason , while the videos play in the centre .
Occasionally I ’d get “ the selected item is not currently available ” .
A lot of 404 errors .
There were some annoying things too .
The titles of all the pages are Google - juiced , even though this is a walled garden and there ’s very little point in SEO .
“ Free TV Shows , TV Series , TV Episodes ” and “ Watch [ SHOW NAME ] for free on Rogers On Demand Online ” are incredibly unhelpful titles , especially if I want to bookmark something .
Among the in - video options is “ dim lights ” , which makes the rest of the window darker ( so as not to distract from the video ) .
Unfortunately , it does n’t do anything to the browser itself , which means you still get those distracting elements .
One way around that is fullscreen mode , which does as you ’d expect .
The controls disappear ( though not the cursor , annoyingly ) .
But this is where you start to notice that this is n’t exactly HD .
Digital Home gives actual numbers ( 480 kbps ) , and says there wil be an option for higher - quality video , but for now it ’s a bit less than you ’d get with a standard - definition television .
That ’s fine for a small window in your browser , but it really shows in fullscreen mode .
For a free service , I would n’t care , but if I ’m being asked to pay for this …
Interactivity : Haha , do n’t be silly
It is by no means required , but there is no room for user interaction here beyond choosing videos .
No comments attached to individual episodes ( there ’s a button for “ feedback ” , but that seems to go to Rogers , not to the public ) , no way to bookmark or favourite episodes , clips or shows ( beyond your standard browser functions ) and the videos stop working if you leave them and come back later ( say , after putting your laptop to sleep ) without any way of marking your point in a video to resume it later .
And there ’s no way to embed videos onto a blog or Facebook page or any of that .
They say they ’re working on it .
But when most people would n’t be able to see it anyway , what ’s the point ?
These are problems shared by the other Canadian TV video portals , but it ’s noteworthy that Rogers has n’t added an obvious improvement on the others .
And , of course , it goes without saying that there ’s no way to download these videos to put on your iPod or other portable player .
Rogers negotiates the rights only for streaming .
In a nutshell : it sucks
Technically , Rogers On Demand Online is an adequate video portal .
Its library is pathetic , and it remains to be seen if the company can do something about that quickly .
Its features beyond video watching are practically nonexistent ( that ’s not a dealbreaker mind you – other features would just be icing on the cake ) , and because of the licensing handcuffs that Rogers has to wear to bring anything good online , there ’s very little you can do with the videos .
In short , Rogers On Demand Online is a poor cousin of the CTV and Canwest video portals ( mostly because CTV and Canwest have greater television empires and have negotiated for better hit U.S. shows ) .
Except Rogers restricts access to its own customers .
How disappointing .
( CNN ) -- Joe Saenz rubbed his hands together and smiled as he walked up to a Los Angeles County , California , home .
His demeanor gave no clues as to what would happen next .
Once in the front yard of the home , police said , he drew a gun and shot the victim several times , then in the head , execution - style .
The slaying , caught on tape in October 2008 , was over drug money , police said .
Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department Detective Traci Gonzales knew there were drug and gang ties to the slaying , so she showed the videotape to Los Angeles Police Department Detective Ron Chavarria , a veteran on the gang beat .
At the time , Gonzales had no idea that videotape would break open a case that has frustrated local and federal authorities for a decade .
Saenz had eluded authorities for so long , they thought he might be dead .
Now , they knew Saenz , wanted in connection with four murders , a kidnapping and a rape , was still out there .
Saenz is the newest person on the FBI 's Most Wanted List , after three fugitives on the list were recently caught .
A member of the Cuatro Flats gang , Saenz first stepped into police crosshairs in 1998 .
He was wanted for shooting and killing two rival gang members at a housing complex in the Hollenbeck area of Los Angeles .
Then , he was a fresh - faced 22 - year - old with a dark side .
" Just gruesome , gruesome , cold - blooded , " Chavarria said .
" Just walks right up to these guys , shoots them and then just walks over and stands over them and shoots them each in the head and casually walks away . "
They knew he was dangerous , and they had to find him .
" We had pictures of him constantly on our dashboard so that there was no question if we saw this guy we knew who he was , " Chavarria said .
Within days , Saenz -- also known as Jose Saenz , Louie Louie and more than two dozen other aliases -- was wanted for a third murder .
Investigators said Saenz suspected the mother of his child , Sigreta Hernandez , would turn him in , so he kidnapped , raped and murdered her at his grandmother 's house .
" He leaves a note indicating that his grandmother has nothing to do with the murder and that he left the scene .
And from that point on he became a fugitive for the next 10 years , " Gonzales said .
FBI Special Agent Scott Garriola believes Saenz graduated from local gangs to international drug trafficking -- crossing the border with falsified documents .
" He 's believed to be linked with the cartels in Mexico , bringing large amounts of narcotics into the Los Angeles area , Garriola said .
" And I think the reason for the last crime was a direct relationship to the cartels . "
He 's eluded police for years , and has reportedly made statements that he plans to kill a police officer if they ever find him and arrest him , according to the FBI 's Most Wanted Web site .
Now , authorities are hoping the video from October 2008 will help them get one step closer to the man who they say terrifies those who know him just as much as his victims .
" We heard rumors that not only citizens were afraid of him , but also his own gang members were afraid of him , " Chavarria said .
The chilling video , Chavarria said , shows why Saenz is so dangerous .
" It looks like he really enjoys what he does , he enjoys killing people , " he said .
Set aside one day a week when you do n’t switch your computer on .
A day when you do n’t check mail , update Facebook , or tweet .
No firing up the desktop for game playing .
It does n’t need to be the same day every week .
You may have to trim things according to needs and deadlines .
You may only be able to manage one day a fortnight .
Go off - line and let the brain rest .
Or , if not rest , allow it to change gear .
Take a break instead of constantly responding to incoming messages .
Just let them pile up .
There ’s always tomorrow .
You can de-stress .
And before you say you find it stressful not being in constant touch with cyberspace , think again .
You know that is n’t true .
The online world will go on without you .
Read books , chat to friends , play sport , enjoy the sunshine or bake muffins instead .
That way , when you get back online , you ’ll be refreshed .
It is like a mini holiday .
It may sound like a cliché , but you will work better after taking a day - long break from your computer .
Digital sabbath not original
The digital sabbath is not an original idea .
If you are religious , it came at the end of the first recorded week .
The Biblical creation story says God rested on the seventh day .
Ancient Jews worked for six days then strictly observed the Shabbat when many everyday things were not allowed .
They knew this was mentally , and physically , healthy .
I first heard about the idea of a digital sabbath in an online forum – sadly I do n’t recall who or where the original idea comes from .
Problems
It is harder to take even one day ’s rest from the digital world if you have a phone , an ebook reader or if you use the computer as an entertainment hub for music and video .
And you may have a job , or some other responsibilities that make going off - line difficult .
Nevertheless , I suggest you do what you can to give it a try , reconnect once a week with the analogue world .
I ’m not perfect
I ’d like to report I take a full day away from my computer every week .
The truth is , I do n’t always manage it .
Although I try to schedule a full day off each week , I generally only get a couple of full - blown digital sabbaths each month .
Like this : Like Loading ...
When I discuss frugality and money saving strategies with those who are just starting down the frugal road , one of the things they always want to know is , “ What can I buy that will help me become more frugal ? ” I always have to swallow a chuckle because buying things to become frugal is oxymoronic .
You do n’t “ buy ” to “ save . ”
However , in our culture we ’re taught that there is always a way to buy your way into any lifestyle change .
Many people approach frugality the same way .
They think there are some magical objects that you can buy that will make you frugal .
While I do n’t agree with the mindset , I ’ve come up with a list of things that I ’ve bought over the years that have most helped me along my frugal journey .
If you just have to buy your way into frugality , try these items :
The Complete Tightwad Gazette :
This book , by Amy Dacyczyn , is the bible of frugality .
It ’s filled with every tip imaginable to save money and cut expenses .
It ’s even got some recipes and craft projects .
Some of the tips might seem a little extreme , but most are very adaptable to your own level of frugality .
Used copies abound : I bought mine for $ 1 at a library used book sale .
A clothesline :
If they ’re allowed where you live , a clothesline can chop a substantial sum off of your electric bill .
We save about $ 70 / month during the spring , summer , and early fall when I can make good use of the line .
High speed Internet :
When it comes to saving money , I typically counsel those in dire straits to forego Internet altogether or get cheap / free dial up .
However , if you ’re not in terrible financial shape , I recommend high speed Internet .
The Internet is a valuable resource for the frugal and you do n’t have to pay for super speed ; we have the “ slowest ” high speed available in our area .
A fast connection makes everything so much easier and quicker ( and your time is worth something ) .
The Internet is great for shopping for deals , looking for and printing coupons , looking at sales flyers , making product comparisons , reading money saving / frugality forums , getting recipes , selling your unwanted things , finding free stuff on Craigslist , online bill payment , and many other money saving / making activities .
High speed Internet usually pays for itself if you ’re using it for money saving / making activities .
A Sunday newspaper subscription : I use it for coupons and the weekly sales flyers .
In our area , very few stores take Internet printed coupons so if I want to coupon I have to have the original coupons from the circulars .
I save more than enough with coupons to justify the subscription ( the subscription is about $ 30 for three months and I save about $ 80 in coupons each month , or $ 240 in three months ) .
Well worth it .
I only pay for Sunday , though , and not the whole week since I ’m never around to read each day ’s paper .
A coupon organizer :
If you ’re going to coupon , a good organizer is very valuable .
Otherwise your coupons will get lost , mixed up , and never used .
I use a small accordion file with tabs labeled with categories that make sense to me .
Some people use 3 - ring binders with baseball - style card pockets .
Use whatever works best for you .
Two great cookbooks :
Many people find that a big part of being frugal is eating at home rather than eating out .
However , it gets boring if you only know how to make three dishes .
I recommend buying two great cookbooks .
One should have fast , basic , easy to make recipes that are great for everyday use .
If it has some instructional techniques , so much the better .
I like the Betty Crocker cookbook for this ( it ’s a classic — your mom probably had one ) , but there are many more .
The second cookbook should contain recipes that you ’d want to make for special occasions or that satisfy your love for a certain ethnic cuisine .
With these two books you ’re always ready to make something great for dinner at home or to serve when company comes .
They library has tons of books you can try for free .
When you find a couple you love , buy them .
A slow cooker :
Also known as a crock pot , this handy kitchen appliance saves me a ton of money and time .
I put the ingredients in before I head out for the day and return home to a fully cooked meal .
I can make almost any kind of dish in it and it ’s easy to clean .
( One of my two great cookbooks is a crock pot cook book , just for this appliance . )
A class in something that helps you be more frugal : I spent money on two classes at our local community college : A cooking class and a car care class .
Both have saved me tons of money over the years .
I now know how to cook and I can change my own oil and do my own routine car maintenance .
If there ’s something you want to know that will save you money over the long run , invest in a class or some good books on the subject and teach yourself .
( Or pay a talented friend to teach you what you need to know . )
You can learn a lot by trying things yourself , but sometimes it ’s worth getting some professional instruction .
Programmable thermostat :
You tell it what time you ’ll be in and out of the house and it will raise / lower the temperature accordingly so you ’re not paying to heat or cool a house with no one in it .
It ’s also handy for raising and lowering the temperature at night when people are snuggled under blankets or the hot sun has gone down and there ’s less need for the AC .
A good coffee maker and a travel mug :
If you have a coffee habit , a good coffee maker can save you hundreds of dollars a year over buying coffee away from home .
Get one that makes the kind of coffee you like : espresso , cappuccino , regular coffee , single cups , etc. and use it regularly .
Bonus : Your Money or Your Life : Yes , it ’s another book .
Written by Vicki Robin and Joe Dominguez , this book shows you the relationship between money and the time and effort you spend earning it .
Every dollar you spend costs you some of your life to earn and the book gets you thinking about what is really worth spending money on when you ’re trading your life energy for the purchase .
It totally transformed how I think about spending and made me see that a lot of things are n’t worth the piece of my life that I have to give up to own them .
What would you add to this list ?
What have you purchased that has made you more frugal or made being frugal easier ?
You think Usenet is dead ?
Media companies need to realise why the Usenet model is so popular .
Tomorrow is Buy Nothing day in the United States .
A group of people including myself will preach and sing at the front door of Macy 's department store in New York .
We do this every year .
We 'll be there at 5 am , when shoppers who have been up all night wait in line rush the glass doors .
This is the human comedy at its most sad , and it is an environmental " shopocalypse " .
Buy Nothing day is an old idea – that we should drop out of consumerism for 24 hours on Black Friday , the day when we are supposed to shop the most .
The radical rechristening of the corporate Christmas took place back in the 90s , long before most of us equated consumerism with destruction of the Earth .
So kudos to the people at Adbusters for venturing forth with this .
Nonetheless , Buy Nothing day is not enough , not for the emergency we face now .
The American consumer 's carbon footprint is exponentially the most sinful of all , 20 times the average .
Even if everyone took the fast , throwing a bit of icy water on shoppers for a single day is not nearly enough .
The indigenous holy days that rise from the solstice – Christmas , Kwanzaa , Hannakah and all the rest – offer us an unseen opportunity .
Solstice is the day when we get a few seconds more light and heat as the earth and sun roll back toward what will become the unleashing of life called spring .
So the holidays in late December are the seed of change .
It need n't be a consumer event .
This year we should radically redefine what our gifts will be , to simultaneously love our family and our earth .
A gift from a big box store – from the demon monoculture – that puts us in a car for hours and is wrapped in plastic packaging , and was shipped a thousand miles with internal combustion engines– this year we wo n't consider that a gift at all .
Such a gift hurts life on earth , and so it hurts us .
The language that sells us consumerism for Christmas is going in one direction and what we are quietly telling ourselves is the opposite .
This year , after the banking failure and the debt mountains , the advertising has less power than ever .
So find the things you have that may be under-used , over - looked .
Shop locally and stay out of Tesco , Starbucks , Marks & Spencer and Primark .
There 's no doubt Christmas is an annual environmental disaster .
Last year Americans generated 25 million tons of trash between Buy Nothing day and Christmas .
But we can still change it – and Buy Nothing day , amen , is n't a bad place to start .
• Reverend Billy is the head of The Church of Life After Shopping
Canada has some of the poorest high - speed internet service in the developed world and is an example of what not to do from a policy perspective , according to a study by Harvard University .
The 232 - page study , commissioned by American regulators and released Wednesday evening , found that Canada rates poorly compared to peer countries when measures such as national broadband adoption , network capacity and prices are taken into account .
Canada was 22nd overall out of 30 countries surveyed by Harvard 's Berkman Center for Internet and Society .
Canada ranked 16th on broadband adoption , 20th on speed and capacity , and 25th on price .
Japan , Sweden and South Korea headed up Harvard 's rankings , while the United States placed above Canada at 13th overall .
Canada " is often thought of as a very high performer , based on the most commonly used benchmark of penetration per 100 inhabitants , " the study said .
" Because our analysis includes important measures on which Canada has had weaker outcomes — prices , speeds and 3G mobile broadband penetration — in our analysis it shows up as quite a weak performer , overall . "
The purpose of the study , which had funding from the Ford and MacArthur grant foundations , was to give the Federal Communications Commission — the U.S. version of the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission — a basis on which to form a national next - generation broadband plan over the next few months .
The study recognized broadband as a key enabler of economic growth that can benefit services such as telemedicine in rural areas , allow better management of transportation and energy systems and reduce infrastructure costs for businesses .
Open-access rules successful
The researchers concluded that if the United States wants to be a world broadband leader , it needs to look to open - access policies implemented in Europe and Asia to spur competition among service providers .
The U.S. and Canadian approach so far , relying on competition between cable and phone companies to develop better and cheaper services , is the wrong way to go , the report said .
" Early aggressive facilities - based competition certainly made Canada an early starter , but it does not seem to have enabled it to maintain its standing , " the report said .
" The Canadian experience suggest [s ] that reliance purely on competition between strong cable incumbents and telephony incumbents may be insufficient to sustain high penetration or achieve high capacity and low competitive pricing in the long term . "
YOUR VIEW
Should the government get involved in Canada 's broadband market , and if so , how so ?
Share your thoughts here .
Canada has taken a " half - hearted " approach to open access , which enables a new entrant company to lease lines from a network owner to provide its own internet services to customers .
The CRTC implemented open - access rules in 1997 , but the report said the commission messed them up by allowing network owners to charge the highest lease rates in the developed world , about 70 per cent higher than similar fees in South Korea and Denmark .
The rules also had a " sunset " clause , meaning that open access would be discontinued in 2002 .
The CRTC extended the rules indefinitely in 2001 , after few companies took up the offer .
These high rates and " regulatory hesitance " likely contributed to fewer new competitors making investments , the study said .
Other countries that have had strong rules have fared better .
France , as one example , has very little cable - versus - phone - company competition , yet it ranks well in Harvard 's survey — seventh overall — because of strong enforcement of open - access rules .
The report took issue with the CRTC 's recent " self - congratulatory reference " to Canada 's leadership of G7 nations in terms of broadband adoption .
Adoption is only one measure of broadband leadership , and the report " locates almost all of the Canadian companies in the cluster with the slowest speeds and highest prices . "
" The highest prices for the lowest speeds are overwhelmingly offered by firms in the United States and Canada , all of which inhabit markets structured around ' inter - modal ' [ cable versus phone ] competition , " the report said .
ISPs step up lobbying
The report comes at a critical time for Canada 's largest internet service providers .
The federal government is considering several appeals of CRTC decisions on open - access rules , both from incumbent network owners including Bell and Telus and from access seekers such as MTS Allstream and a group of smaller internet providers .
Cabinet has until early December to decide whether it should take action on the rules .
The CRTC is also debating whether it should impose so - called " net neutrality " rules that would limit how much ISPs are allowed to manage their networks .
The big ISPs have stepped up their lobbying efforts recently as a result .
A report last week funded by Bell , Rogers , Telus , Shaw and a number of others attacked the methodology used in other studies — especially one from the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development — which also found Canada to be laggard .
The ISP - funded study proclaimed Canada to be a world broadband leader in four key areas : availability , user adoption , speed and price .
Mark Goldberg , the telecommunications consultant who was one of the lead authors on the ISP - funded report , on Thursday criticized the Harvard study for using some of the same " flawed " numbers as the OECD .
" Preliminary examination seems to indicate that many of the Harvard rankings appear to incorporate the same problematic data points from reports and measurement tools that we have already discussed , " he wrote on his blog .
The Harvard researchers acknowledged that international comparisons are a " hot button " issue , particularly as ISPs try to fend off government intervention in their markets .
They said they used multiple studies and methodologies and found that none of the critiques of OECD numbers invalidated their accuracy .
" The debate occasionally resembles that of a horse race ; indeed , a horse race in which those who have already placed their bets are arguing about how to decide which horse has won , " the report said .
David Johnston , president of the University of Waterloo , said several recent reports have assessed Canada 's broadband situation , and the country has been found wanting .
" The reality is our rates are considerably higher than most leading countries .
We have not yet been able to make a field that 's as competitive as somewhere like Singapore or Finland , " he told CBCNews.ca .
" The measurement of Canada 's standing in world broadband and that declining trajectory is pretty clear from numerous studies .
I really do n't think there 's much dispute that we do n't occupy the same spot as we did 15 years ago . "
Why are we asking this now ?
Dr Zahi Hawass , the secretary general of Egypt 's Supreme Council of Antiquities ( SCA ) and the high priest of all matters archaeological in the Land of the Pharaohs , arrived in London yesterday to further his demand for the return of the Rosetta Stone from the display rooms of the British Museum , where it has been on show since 1802 .
Dr Hawass has embarked on an international campaign to secure the return of a host of renowned artefacts which he claims were plundered by colonial oppressors and assorted brigands from Egypt 's ancient tombs and palaces before ending up in some of the world 's most famous museums .
What is so important about a 2,200 - year - old slab of granite ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Carved in 196BC , the Rosetta Stone is the linguistic key to deciphering hieroglyphics and probably the single - most important conduit of understanding between the modern world and ancient Egypt .
The 1.1 m - high stele was covered in carved text bearing three translations of the same written passage .
Two of the languages were Egyptian scripts , including one in hieroglyphics , and the remaining text was classical Greek .
Its discovery by a French army engineer in 1799 near the post of Rashid or Rosetta allowed western scholars to translate for the first time a succession of previously undecipherable hieroglyphs using the Greek translation and thus unlock many of the secrets left behind in the myriad carvings and frescos of the pharaonic era .
Ironically , the meaning of the text on the stone itself was less than rivetting – it describes the repeal of various taxes by Ptolemy V and instructions on the erection of statues in temples .
What 's Dr Hawass 's case for returning the Stone ?
As with the Greeks and the Elgin Marbles , he considers the stele to be stolen goods and has made it clear , in no uncertain terms , that he considers its continued presence in the British Museum to be a source of shame for the United Kingdom .
Speaking in 2003 , when his campaign began , Dr Hawass said : " If the British want to be remembered , if they want to restore their reputation , they should volunteer to return the Rosetta Stone because it is the icon of our Egyptian identity . "
The archaeologist , who has established a fearsome reputation as the self - appointed guardian of Egypt 's antiquities since he was made head of the SCA in 2002 , claimed this week that Britain had under - valued the stone and kept it in a " dark , badly - lit room " until he expressed an interest in its repatriation .
So was it stolen ?
The Rosetta Stone 's journey from the sands of an 18th - century desert fort to the hushed halls of the British Museum is indeed clouded by colonial skulduggery .
The stone was discovered in July 1799 by Captain Pierre - Francois Bouchard , an engineer in Napoleon 's army sent to conquer Egypt a year earlier .
The arrival of the British in 1801 and their subsequent defeat of Napoleon 's forces led to a dispute between the team of French scientists sent by Paris to collect archaeological finds and the commander of Britain 's occupying army , who insisted they be handed over as the spoils of victory .
General Jacques - Francois Menou , the French commander , considered the stone to be his private property and hid it .
There are conflicting stories about how it then fell into British hands .
One version is that it was seized by a British colonel who carried it away on a gun carriage .
Another version is that a British Egyptologist , Edward Clarke , was passed the stone in a Cairo back street by a French counterpart .
Either way , there is little or no record of any consultation with the Egyptians .
When the stone eventually arrived back in Britain , it bore an inscription painted in white : " Captured in Egypt by the British Army in 1801 . "
Why is Dr Hawass so important ?
Described by New Yorker magazine as sitting " at the intersection of archaeology , showbusiness and national politics " , Dr Hawass is no shrinking violet when it comes to publicising his causes .
Clad in his trademark stetson , widely interpreted as a nod to the wardrobe of Indiana Jones , the doctor regularly takes to the airwaves , newspaper columns and cyberspace to outline the latest discoveries in Egypt and maximise the mystique of a past that is worth at least $ 11bn ( £ 6.7 bn ) a year to the Egyptian economy .
He also likes to batter home his point that " for all of our history our heritage was stolen from us " .
To date , he has appeared in four feature - length documentaries , written 16 books and likes to tease Omar Sharif , a close friend , that he is the far better known of the two men .
What do other archaeologists think of him ?
For a man who makes no secret of relishing controversy , it is unsurprising that he has some detractors .
Critics accuse Dr Hawass of being autocratic and harnessing serious archaeology to the yoke of media and popular entertainment .
Under his leadership , the SCA has acquired a fearsome reputation for withdrawing accreditation from foreign Egyptologists accused of breaking the organisation 's rules , effectively banishing them from making further discoveries .
But there is also grudging respect for his efforts to improve the standards of homegrown archaeologists , invest in Egyptian museums and generally gain a greater share of Egypt 's past for its own people .
What else does Egypt want back ?
Dr Hawass insists he is not looking for the repatriation of every artefact , but his shopping list includes some of the most famous items of Egyptian art held abroad .
They include the elegant bust of Queen Nefertiti held by Berlin 's Neues Museum , the Dendera Temple Zodiac in the Louvre and a bust of the pyramid builder Ankhaf kept in Boston 's Museum of Art .
Are there any precedents for returning artefacts to Cairo ?
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Dr Hawass claims to have secured the return of some 5,000 artefacts during his SCA tenure .
His power was underlined in October when , under threat of the removal of Egyptian co-operation for archaeological expeditions , the Louvre agreed under the direct orders of the French culture minister to return some fragments of written text which were allegedly stolen in the 1980s .
What does the British Museum say ?
After decades of diplomatic manoeuvring over disputed items such as the Elgin Marbles , the museum is well - practiced in the art of fending off requests for its most glittering treasures .
Underlining its role as a global repository for humanity 's cultural achievements , it said : " The Trustees feel strongly that the collection must remain as a whole . "
Officials also wasted no time in pointing out that Dr Hawass 's presence in London , which included a speech to an invited audience at the museum last night , is largely to publicise his latest book .
Is it time we surrendered the Stone ?
Yes ...
* British ownership of the stone is the result of a colonial dispute , not a deal with the Egyptians
* Egypt has invested £ 110 m on improving its museums and heritage sites
* 200 years of mismanagement and plundering has left Egypt denuded of its most important artefacts
No ...
* The British Museum is a global showcase for two million years of shared human history
* Concern remains that priceless artefacts are at risk of damage in Egyptian museums
* Returning it would open the flood gates to similar claims that would empty the BM 's display cases
No one begins the day preparing for an accident or thinking about how that accident may affect the rest of their life .
When the unexpected happens , it can be hard to understand what to do next and where to go for help .
Fortunately , at Davis Law Group , we can provide the assistance and expertise that will help you start down the road to recovery .
Davis Law Group is located in Asheville , and we represent people who have been seriously injured in car and truck accidents and other serious accidents throughout western North Carolina .
From the first time that we meet with a new client to discuss an accident , our goal is to begin forming a relationship that will enable us to understand each and every way that this accident and the injuries have impacted the client ’s life and the life of their family .
The Evolution Deceit
For some people the theory of evolution or Darwinism has only scientific connotations , with seemingly no direct implication in their daily lives .
This is , of course , a common misunderstanding .
Far beyond just being an issue within the framework of the biological sciences , the theory of evolution constitutes the underpinning of a deceptive philosophy that has held sway over a large number of people : Materialism .
Materialist philosophy , which accepts only the existence of matter and presupposes man to be ' a heap of matter ' , asserts that he is no more than an animal , with ' conflict ' the sole rule of his existence .
Traces of this philosophy , which has a lot to answer as regards man-made disasters of the last two centuries , can be found in every ideology that perceives differences among people as a ' reason for conflict ' .
The theory of evolution , or Darwinism , comes in handy at this point by completing the jigsaw puzzle .
It provides the myth that materialism is a scientific idea .
However , that basis is rotten .
Modern scientific discoveries reveal over and over again that the popular belief associating Darwinism with science is false .
Scientific evidence refutes Darwinism comprehensively and reveals that the origin of our existence is not evolution but creation .
Allah has created the universe , all living things and man .
Zimbabwe 's paltry total of 44 in Chittagong means they 've featured in three of the five lowest totals in ODIs .
A look at some of the other stats highlights from the match .
Zimbabwe crawled at the rate of 1.77 runs per over during their innings , using up 24.5 overs to score 44 .
The run-rate is the third - lowest in the history of ODIs , among innings which have lasted 60 or more balls .
Canada 's rate of 1.11 ( 45 all out in 40.3 overs ) against England in the 1979 World Cup is the least , followed by Pakistan 's 1.68 against West Indies in a Benson and Hedges World Series game in Sydney in 1992 .
Thanks to that run-rate , while the score is the fifth - lowest in ODIs , in terms of overs faced , Zimbabwe 's effort ranks only 26th ( in innings where teams have been bowled out ) .
Zimbabwe themselves have been bowled out in fewer overs on five occasions .
This is also the second time they 've been bundled out in 24.5 overs - the last time it happened , though - against England in Bristol in 2003 - they scored 92 , more than twice the number of runs they did today .
Bangladesh won the match with 229 balls to spare , which is their most comprehensive ODI win in terms of balls remaining , and the 11th most comprehensive overall .
( Click here for the full list . )
The most comprehensive is 277 balls , by England against Canada in the 1979 World Cup , but that was a 60 - over game .
In a 50 - over mismatch , the most lopsided was Sri Lanka 's eight - wicket win against Zimbabwe in Colombo in 2001 , when they knocked off the 39 needed for victory in 4.2 overs .
Bangladesh 's previous best had been against Kenya in 2006 , when they won with 157 balls to spare .
There were six ducks in the match - four by Zimbabwe and two by Bangladesh .
There have only been eight ODIs with more zeroes .
MOSCOW , Russia — Alexei Dymovsky sits in full uniform and stares at the camera with tired eyes .
“ Maybe you do n’t know about us , about simple cops , who live and work and love their work .
I ’m ready to tell you everything .
I ’m not scared of my own death , ” Dymovsky says in a YouTube message addressed to Prime Minister Vladimir Putin .
“ I will show you the life of cops in Russia , how it is lived , with all the corruption and all the rest – with ignorance , rudeness , recklessness , with honest officers killed because they have stupid bosses . ”
And so Dymovsky continues , in a series of three 2 - to - 7 - minute long videos released over the past week that have together garnered 1 million hits on YouTube , and caused a firestorm across Russia .
In a country where open criticism is seen as a brief luxury offered by the chaotic post - Soviet 1990s , the videos immediately raised questions about Dymovsky ’s safety — and the power and fate of the internet in Russia .
One question they did not raise regards the level of corruption and brutality of the Russian police .
Those are taken as a given .
Statistics are hard to come by , but just looking at one day in the life of Russia ’s police force gives a good idea of how bad it is .
On Tuesday , which happened to be National Police Day , Interior Minister Rashid Nurgaliyev used his annual speech as a chance to remind officers that their “ weapons should be pointed only in the direction of criminals , and not aimed at peaceful citizens . "
( The reminder was particularly pertinent following an April massacre at a Moscow supermarket , when a police officer went on a shooting rampage hunting down shoppers , killing three and injuring six . )
In the Siberian city of Chelyabinsk , a police officer was sentenced to 12 years in prison for beheading a 20 - year - old man after the two fought over 60 rubles ( about $ 2 ) .
In the southwestern city of Stravopol , a 22 - year - old police officer was brought before a court for allegedly killing a 17 - year - old girl while drunk before dumping the body near her relatives ’ house .
And on and on .
Dymovsky , a 32 - year - old police major stationed in the Black Sea port city of Novorossiisk , said he has had enough .
“ I hope others will listen , other officers who do n’t want to live on their knees .
I think many will understand .
I want to work .
But I can no longer stand investigating made - up crimes , imprisoning people we are told to imprison .
I ca n’t stand crimes made - on - order .
I ’m sick of it all , ” he says in one video .
Dymovsky was promptly fired after the clips spread across the internet , and a local prosecutor has opened an investigation into libel .
The interior ministry has ordered an investigation into the claims , with the report to be presented to Putin .
On Tuesday morning , Dymovsky fled to Moscow , where he held a press conference in a packed room .
As the neatly dressed blond made his way through the crowd , one cameraman shouted , “ Let the hero through ! ”
Dymovsky has served in the police force for 10 years , he says in one of the videos , living on a monthly wage of 14,000 rubles ( $ 487 ) while working “ 30 out of every 31 days . ”
At the press conference , he likened his act to “ suicide . ”
“ I ’m a little scared to speak in front of you and the whole country , ” Dymovsky says on one video .
“ I have a wife , who is six months pregnant .
But I ca n’t act differently . ”
A work - related injury prompted Dymovsky ’s public appeal , after he says local medical officials refused to treat him .
Tabloid website Life.ru ran an interview with the clinic ’s main doctor , Zoya Vasilievna , on Tuesday , who said : “ This major provoked a very strange feeling — his face carried all the signs of psychopathic person . ”
An interior ministry source chose another tack to slam Dymovsky , accusing him of working for foreign agents .
“ The chosen method , the form and time of publication of the video , is evidence of the fact that Dymovsky is being used by the support of third parties , " the source told Interfax news agency this weekend .
“ The leadership of several so - called regional ‘ human rights ’ groups , sponsored , in part , from abroad are actively participating in this affair , ” the source said , singling out USAID , the U.S. government development agency .
The U.S. embassy declined to comment on Tuesday .
Dymovsky himself denied the claim on Tuesday , saying he had only met foreigners twice before in his life .
What the interior ministry source also appeared to hint at was the format of Dymovsky ’s complaint — using a medium that remains largely free of government control .
“ It ’s about freedom , ” said Lev Ponomaryov , one of Russia ’s leading human rights activists .
“ The internet is the only free platform where such things can be made public . ”
He said he feared for a coming crackdown on the internet by government authorities , who have taken all major television channels under control , and work with a largely compliant print media .
“ I think they will do something , ” Ponomaryov said .
“ They will shut down the internet . ”
There have been increasing worries in Russia as authorities turn their attention to the internet , with usage growing every day .
In the past couple of years , several bloggers have been charged with extremism for blog posts and comments critical of the government .
As an indication of how completely antediluvian I was in terms of my Green IQ ( a term I thought I ’d just made up , but is actually all over the place , I had not even known that geothermal heating and cooling was a viable option in the Northeast until after we ’d already bought Sheep Dog Hollow .
Martin and I were standing outside the house with Dale King , the previous owner who is also our lead builder and who lives down the road .
( More on Dale later . )
I was talking about how we ’d like to renovate as “ greenly ” as possible but also maintain the historic nature of the house .
I did n’t like the idea of having huge , high tech solar panels glinting on top of the elegant old white clapboard frame .
“ Why do n’t you look into geothermal ? ” he suggested .
“ We ’re not in Iceland , ” was my first thought , which I fortunately kept to myself .
Instead , I took his advice and was stunned not only by how much common sense geothermal energy makes , but also that there ’s a nascent but fast - growing geothermal industry here in the United States .
In a nutshell , geothermal energy consists of using the constant temperatures stored naturally underground to heat and cool your house .
You drill a few wells , run pipes through them , and then circulate a liquid through those pipes .
As the liquid travels through those pipes underground , it heats up to at about 55 degrees F. – the steady temperature that the earth naturally generates between 10 feet and 300 feet down .
You then hook those pipes up to a heat pump in your basement .
In the winter , the heat pump compresses the liquid to increase its temperature to about 75 degrees F. , which is then used to heat the house .
In the summer , the circulating 55 degree F. , temperatures are used to air condition the house .
You do need an energy source to run the heat pump – you can use electricity or natural gas , but other than that , the main source of your heat and air conditioning is the ground beneath you .
Say goodbye to that oil company and the thousands of dollars you pay them each winter to keep your house warm .
I immediately began researching local geothermal companies and was delighted to find several in the area .
I contacted them and got several quotes .
My first reaction upon seeing them was “ YIKES ! ” as I ’ve mentioned before .
The initial upfront costs for just the equipment ranged from $ 55,000 to $ 75,000 .
And then there ’s the cost of drilling the wells .
Our first estimate for that was around $ 28,000 .
We ’re talking $ 20,000 to $ 30,000 more than a high - efficiency oil burner system for a house of a comparable size .
From an economic standpoint , in the short term at least , it made sense to forego my geothermal dreams .
But I could n’t get over how much common sense geothermal made to me – using the natural heat underground to heat your house , versus depending on a very expensive fossil fuel ( also from underground ) that was probably drilled thousands of miles away in a manner that is not sustainable and the daily use of which contributes to global warning .
I then called the geothermal contractor who came with the highest recommendation from other local contractors and from our well driller .
His name is Tony Silverio .
He sat with Martin and me for more than an hour and explained the pros and cons of geothermal ( which I ’ll get into in the next blog ) .
but the bottom line , he said , was that with a geothermal system 's annual heating and cooling costs are estimated to be between 65 and 70 percent less annually than a traditional fossil fuel system .
Then to help soften the blow of the initial up front costs , there are federal and state tax credits .
When you take advantage of them , what looks like an outrageously expensive system becomes a more moderate one .
This was confirmed in Interesting Energy Facts :
Geothermal energy can provide not only 100 percent of home heating , but also air conditioning and hot water , and it requires no additional use of oil , natural gas [ although you can use it ] or any other fossil fuel .
And the payback on geothermal is more than acceptable .
If you consider the 30 percent federal tax credit , payback usually takes less than five years in new construction and somewhere around seven years for retrofits .
This translates to gigantic 15 percent annual return on investment simply by installing a geothermal system , which is really a number from which many other energy sources are still far off .
The logic in this whole story is quite simple , namely homeowners pay back the investment with the money they would have paid to oil or gas company .
After payback , the savings continue with an average return of more than 65 percent – percentage that is likely to be even higher as fossil fuel prices are very likely to increase after recession is over .
OK , I was sold .
But there are limitations and drawbacks to using a geothermal system , which I ’ll talk about next .
Editor 's note : Alexandra Marks will be blogging twice a week about her green and budget - friendly restoration of a 1902 farmhouse in Connecticut .
See a photo gallery of the early days of the project by clicking here .
You can read all she 's written about the project so far by clicking here and then looking for Sheep Dog Hollow under Topics on the right side of the page .
You 'll find numerous articles about the environment at the Monitor ’s main environment page .
Also , check out our Bright Green blog archive and our RSS feed .
CORVALLIS , Ore. -
Although declining streamflows and half - full reservoirs have gotten most of the attention in water conflicts around the United States , some of the worst battles of the next century may be over groundwater , experts say - a critical resource often taken for granted until it begins to run out .
Aquifers are being depleted much faster than they are being replenished in many places , wells are drying up , massive lawsuits are already erupting and the problems have barely begun .
Aquifers that took thousands of years to fill are being drained in decades , placing both agricultural and urban uses in peril .
Groundwater that supplies drinking water for half the world 's population is now in jeopardy .
A new analysis by researchers at Oregon State University outlines the scope of this problem , but also points out that some tools may be available to help address it , in part by borrowing heavily from lessons learned the hard way by the oil industry .
" It 's been said that groundwater is the oil of this century , " said Todd Jarvis , associate director of the Institute for Water and Watersheds at OSU .
" Part of the issue is it 's running out , meaning we 're now facing ' peak water ' just the way the U.S. encountered ' peak oil ' production in the 1970s .
But there are also some techniques developed by the oil industry to help manage this crisis , and we could learn a lot from them . "
Jarvis just presented an outline of some of these concepts , called " unitization , " at a professional conference in Kyoto , Japan , and will also explore them in upcoming conference in Stevenson , Wash . , and Xi'an , China .
Other aspects of the issue have been analyzed in a new documentary film on the special problems facing the Umatilla Basin of eastern Oregon , a classic case of declining groundwater problems .
( DVD copies of the documentary are available free upon request , by calling 541-737-4032 . )
The problems are anything but simple , Jarvis said , and are just now starting to get the attention needed .
" In the northern half of Oregon from Pendleton to the Willamette Valley , an aquifer that took 20,000 years to fill is going down fast , " Jarvis said .
" Some places near Hermiston have seen water levels drop as much as 500 feet in the past 50 - 60 years , one of the largest and fastest declines in the world .
" I know of a well in Utah that lost its original capacity after a couple years , " he said .
" In Idaho people drawing groundwater are being ordered to work with other holders of stream water rights as the streams begin to dwindle .
Mississippi has filed a $ 1 - billion lawsuit against the City of Memphis because of declining groundwater .
You 're seeing land subsiding from Houston to the Imperial Valley of California .
This issue is real and getting worse . "
In the process , Jarvis said , underground aquifers can be irrevocably damaged - not unlike what happened to oil reservoirs when that industry pumped them too rapidly .
Tiny fractures in rock that can store water sometimes collapse when it 's rapidly withdrawn , and then even if the aquifer had water to recharge it , there 's no place for it to go .
" The unitization concept the oil industry developed is built around people unifying their rights and their goals , and working cooperatively to make a resource last as long as possible and not damaging it , " Jarvis said .
" That 's similar to what we could do with groundwater , although it takes foresight and cooperation . "
Water laws , Jarvis said , are often part of the problem instead of the solution .
A " rule of capture " that dates to Roman times often gives people the right to pump and use anything beneath their land , whether it 's oil or water .
That 's somewhat addressed by the " first in time , first in right " concept that forms the basis of most water law in the West , but proving that someone 's well many miles away interferes with your aquifer or stream flow is often difficult or impossible .
And there are 14 million wells just in the United States , tapping aquifers that routinely cross state and even national boundaries .
Regardless of what else takes place , Jarvis said , groundwater users must embrace one concept the oil industry learned years ago - the " race to the pump " serves no one 's best interest , whether the concern is depleted resources , rising costs of pumping or damaged aquifers .
One possible way out of the conundrum , experts say , is maximizing the economic value of the water and using it for its highest value purpose .
But even that will take new perspectives and levels of cooperation that have not often been evident in these disputes .
Government mandates may be necessary if some of the " unitization " concepts are to be implemented .
Existing boundaries may need to be blurred , and ways to share the value of the remaining water identified .
" Like we did with peak oil , everyone knows were running out , and yet we 're just now getting more commitment to alternative energy sources , " Jarvis said .
" Soon we 'll be facing peak water , the only thing to really argue over is the date when that happens .
So we will need new solutions , one way or the other . "
Animals : they have had their fair share of lists , including Top 15 Unusual Deep Sea Creatures , Top 10 Badass Living Creatures , and Top 10 Ugliest Creatures .
However , not a single list has been dedicated to those creatures that just make you go awww .
From cute to cutest , here are the animals in the wild kingdom that have been naturally selected to distract their prey just by simply being adorable ( or were bred to be ) !
Happy weekend !
10 Pipefish
These thin fish belong in the same family as sea horses and sea dragons .
They are much cuter , though , probably due to their nose - like snouts .
Most live in salt water , but a few live in fresh water .
Like sea horses , the male carries his partner ’s eggs for quite some time .
Fun Fact :
The love life of these fish is pretty varied .
Some species mate for life , some mate with several different partners , and some female members of various species mate with multiple partners at the same time .
9 European Mole
These small Insectivores are covered in fur which hides most of their features … which is what makes them so adorable .
The European Mole spends most of its life underground , digging tunnels and eating insects .
They are well known for their poor eyesight , which is n’t really needed underground .
They may be cute , but they can cause problems for an unlucky gardener or farmer , as the Mole ’s burrowing can damage crops and plants .
Not to be confused with the rather ugly Star - nosed Mole .
Fun Fact :
You ca n’t kill moles in Germany without a permit
8 Kiwi
Not the fruit – the bird !
These puffy birds native to New Zealand are one of the thickest feathered birds around !
The bird ’s wings have been reduced to stubs over time , rendering them flightless , but they make up for that with their extraordinary sense of smell .
They have a varied diet , consisting of insects , worms , leaves , and berries .
There are five recognized species , all of which are endangered .
Fun Fact : Kiwi ’s lay huge eggs for their size : up to 20 % of their body weight .
That would be like a 150 pound woman giving birth to a 30 pound baby .
7 Angora Rabbit
At first , you might think this animal is a giant ball of fluff , but there really is a rabbit in there .
These large rabbits were bred specifically for the fluffiness .
There are four recognized breeds , as well as several unrecognized breeds .
They range from WTF fluffy ( English ) , pretty fluffy ( French , Satin ) to large , but not super fluffy ( Giant ) .
Fun Fact : Just in case you did n’t realize how fuzzy these guys are , you can actually buy clothes and yarn made entirely of Angora rabbit fur ( with no harm done to the animal ) .
6 Puffer Fish
These guys are quite cute at first , but once you startle them , you just want to poke them .
This Family of fish ( I could n’t choose just one ) is able to swallow water ( or even air ) quickly , so much so that they become spherical , scaring off predators .
This often saves both of their lives , since most puffer fish species are poisonous .
You should be safe as long as you do n’t eat it , with proper preparation , it can be served as a dish ( see Top 10 Poisonous Foods We Love To Eat – item 9 ) .
Not to be mistaken for their cousins , the porcupine fish ( they are two separate families ) .
Fun Fact : Puffer fish have the smallest genomes in the vertebrate world .
5 African Pygmy Hedgehog
These mammals are the most adorable members the family Erinaceidae ( mostly hedgehogs ) , even though it is filled with cute critters .
You probably have seen one of these before or at least know how they look like .
They are vaguely rodent - like mammals that have many small spines on their back .
They can roll into a ball to protect themselves .
This particular hedgehog has been domesticated , so you can have one for a pet without too much trouble .
Fun Fact :
Be sure to check your local laws before buying a hedgehog .
Some places require you to have a permit , while others ( such as the states of California and Hawaii ) completely ban them as pets .
4 Dwarf Hamster
These little rodents are even more adorable than their bigger cousins .
There are three species , but my favorite is Campbell ’s dwarf hamster .
These creatures come from the steppes of China and Russia .
They are sold as pets in just about every pet store .
Chinese hamsters are also adorable and sometimes called dwarf hamsters , although they are not in the same Genus .
Fun Fact : Personally , I had a bad experience with these guys .
When my family bought two dwarf hamsters , the store owner said we bought two females .
We believed them , even when one of them started to get fat .
Then she gave birth to a litter of nine little hamsters .
We removed the male , just in case , but all the rest died off , some of which were caused by the mother .
It ’s sad .
3 Manatee
Now we ’re getting to the hardcore stuff .
These “ sea cows ” are really beefy , but really cute .
So cute you want to hug it .
Unlike whales and dolphins , manatees are herbivorous .
Not surprisingly , they are related to elephants .
They are endangered , partly due to a vicious , unnatural predator : the boat propeller .
Fun Fact : Manatee ’s have vestigial ( useless ) toe nails on their flippers .
2 Woolly Bear Caterpillar
Most caterpillars are icky … except for these guys .
This cute caterpillar is the larva form of the Isabella tiger moth .
They eat a variety of plants , including certain ones that they eat to fight back against certain parasites .
They may be furry , but do n’t pet them without gloves , or else you might get a rash .
Fun Fact :
Do you LOVE woolly bears ?
Then go to the annual Woollybear Festival in Vermilion , Ohio .
The main event is a huge woolly bear dress up competition .
It takes place in mid-September .
1 Silky Anteater
These things are amazingly adorable !
The only member of the Cyclopedidae family ( their scientific name is Cyclopes didactylus ) ; these guys are a lot like the other anteaters , only they ’re smaller and live in the trees .
They also have a prehensile tail ( like an opossum ) .
Obviously , it is extremely cute , but watch out for their sharp claws .
Fun Fact :
Why are silky anteaters goldish ?
It might be because they blend well with the seed pods of the silk cotton trees , where they usually hang around by .
IT COULD END HERE : Jemaine Clement says there may not be a third season of Flight of the Conchords .
Flight of the Conchords star Jemaine Clement says his offbeat HBO comedy series may not continue for a third season because it requires so much work , but a final decision will be made within a month .
Clement said he needed to discuss the future of the show with his co-star , Bret McKenzie , and with the director of the series , James Bobin .
" It very likely might not " return for a third season , Clement said .
" It could come back in a shorter season or like a special , " he added .
The largely autobiographical Flight of the Conchords , an offbeat , cult favorite in the United States , tells of two New Zealand bandmates named Jemaine and Bret who move to New York to try to make it in the music business .
The show began in 2007 and is based on Clement and McKenzie 's folk parody band Flight of the Conchords .
The second season ended earlier this year on the US network HBO , and has just finished screening in New Zealand .
This year , the show gained an Emmy nomination for best comedy series , but lost to 30 Rock on NBC .
Clement was also nominated for best lead actor in a comedy series .
Clement , who took flight on a solo career last week starring in a new movie Gentleman Broncos , said he and McKenzie were challenged to keep up with the work required for the show .
" We 've got to write the series , but we 've also got to write the songs , and just dividing your time into those two writing tasks is really tricky , " he said .
Clement , who also said in January that season two could be the last for Flight of the Conchords , said its end would be " bittersweet " because " it 's so hard " to produce .
Flight of the Conchords averaged 3.1 million viewers per episode last season , in - line with season one , HBO said .
" We 've left their future entirely in their hands , " said Nancy Lesser , a spokeswoman for the network .
" We would love to have more , and we left an open door at HBO . "
Last year , Clement and McKenzie 's musical duo Flight of the Conchords won New Zealand 's first Grammy since 1984 , for their EP The Distant Future .
They won for best comedy album .
* Do you want to see another series of Flight of the Conchords made ?
Post your comments below .
" When I say there is no water crisis , you must be wondering , ' Is this guy talking to his hat ? ' "
That 's how Asit Biswas led off his speech last month at the 2009 Nobel Conference .
And–oddly worded idiom aside–he was right .
That 's exactly what everyone was thinking .
The Conference–really a lecture series timed to coincide with the distribution of Nobel Prizes–brings Nobel winners and eminent researchers from around the world to Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter , Minnesota .
All the lectures orbit a central theme .
This year , it was water .
Or , rather , the lack of water .
Most of the speakers talked about the risk of losing this important resource–how we humans threaten our own water supply , how that puts us at risk for a whole mess of trouble , and how we might be able to tackle the global water crisis .
But that crisis is a myth , according to Biswas .
He 's the president of the Third World Centre for Water Management and winner of the 2006 Stockholm Water Prize , and he says that there 's plenty of water to go around .
Freaking out about water supply is pointless , he says .
Worse , it wastes time and resources that could be used to fix the world 's real problem–actually getting the water to the people .
To find out more about why Biswas thinks global institutions like the United Nations and the World Bank are dead wrong on water , I called him for a post - Nobel Conference interview .
I want to make sure I understand your position correctly .
You say there 's not a shortage–or coming shortage –of water .
That the real problem is infrastructure .
Is that correct ?
Asit Biswas : Absolutely correct .
Neither in developed or developing countries is there a physical scarcity of water .
The problem is lack of infrastructure , and more importantly , the lack of management .
And those are things that are bad in both the developing and developed world .
For instance , in Delhi , India , everyone was telling the Prime Minister that they had a water scarcity problem , but I was able to give him a new perspective that he was n't hearing from his advisers or from the U.N .
The real problem is the following :
The average stay of a water utility manager is 30 months .
And he 's neither a water nor management expert .
The only qualifications of these managers are how close they are to the mayor .
If you put this type of person in the position to manage water , they look at it and see a horrendous problem and they just hope and pray that during their stay nothing will happen and the next fellow who comes along will hold the ball .
That 's got nothing to do with water .
And yet the water profession goes around and says we 're running short of water .
And it 's a bunch of rubbish .
But is there really a functional difference between a crisis of scarcity and a crisis of management ?
Either way , the people do n't get water .
AB : There is a fallacy the world does n't understand .
Everyone in the world has access to water .
Everyone .
If you did n't , you 'd be dead by now .
The issue is whether the water is clean , drinkable , and how convenient is it to get that water .
So even in the slums of the worst cities people have access , but it 's not clean , they pay through the nose and supply is very erratic .
The point I 'm trying to make is that everyone has access .
The question is can we give them better service , and much lower cost and much higher convenience .
My view is that all three are possible .
Can management really make that big of a difference ?
AB : Let us take the case of water supply for the city of Phnom Penh in Cambodia .
In 1993 , the Phnom Penh Water Supply Authority was flat broke .
It needed heavy governmental subsidies to run a very inefficient operation .
The institution was badly managed , corrupt to the core , lost 72 % of its water due to unaccounted for losses , and even the rich and the powerful people , let alone the poor , did not have access to drinkable water .
By improving its governance practices , it started to supply drinkable water on a 24 - hour uninterrupted basis .
This public sector company made a profit from its operation from 1997 , which has progressively increased year after year since that time .
The poor have access to water .
In fact , their water bills have been reduced by 70 to 80 % compared to what they used to pay to the water vendors earlier .
In addition , the poor receive clean , drinkable water through house connections .
The unaccounted for water now in Phnom Penh is 6.19 % , which is less than 1/4th that of London , and very significantly less than Paris , New York or Los Angeles .
You used to think there was a water crisis , what led you to change your mind ?
AB : I heard it so many times from the World Bank and the U.N. that there is a water crisis .
Like the rest of the world , I assumed these guys knew what they were doing .
But then I started looking at the global figures they put out and what assumptions they 'd made .
The assumption is that a city is in a crisis of scarcity if it does n't have 1500 cubic meters of fresh water per person , per year .
What they forget is elementary knowledge that water is n't like oil .
Nobody really consumes it fully .
Of 100 % of the water that comes to your house , 99 % goes back as waste water .
The fundamental question becomes how do we manage our waste water so that it can be used and reused again and again .
Singapore does this .
That city has 300-350 cubic meters per person , per year , and they do n't have a water problem .
This is an issue of efficiency .
I found that the total water use in 2005 in the United States is actually less than what it was in 1975 with much less population , economic activity and food requirement .
And the US is just scratching the surface on efficiency .
Let 's talk a little more about that efficiency .
You say that , in many developing cities , water is currently being lost and , that , if you reduce those losses you could have enough water .
Where does that lost water go ?
AB : Nobody really knows .
All we know is that a certain amount is pumped from the reservoir .
And we know how much water consumers are using from metering .
And if you deduct the consumption from the total , you 'll see that - in the Western world - about 25 % of the water disappears somewhere .
Mainly probably due to leakages and bad maintenance .
In developing countries , it 's worse .
There are very few cities who do n't lose 45 - 60 % of the water .
And we have no clue where it goes .
Probably 1/3 from leakages .
The rest probably goes to people who pay to have an unauthorized connection to the system .
But can efficiency and better management really make up for all the uses of water ?
As population increases , we need to feed more people as well , and that also requires more water .
There is waste going on with food as well .
Look at the U.S.
There , 27 % of food is lost between retail , households and restaurants .
Basically thrown in the waste .
What 's that got to do with the developing world ?
I say it 's even worse there .
Last year , the Agriculture Minister of India publicly admitted that slightly over 50 % of fruits and veggies produced in India never reach the consumer .
Why ?
Because of poor supply chain .
Poor refrigeration .
Poor transport .
My argument is simple .
India does n't have much land or water to spare .
But instead of increasing agricultural yield or worrying about water supply , we should focus on how we can make sure that what we produce now reaches the consumer .
If you do that , what you gain can easily feed the United Kingdom and France combined .
Stop wastage and get food and water to the people .
You increase the amount that 's actually available by half without extra water , and without extra land .
Watch Asit Biswas ' Nobel Conference lecture , and follow - up Q&A
Large image courtesy Flickr user futureatlas.com , via CC
LED Stop Lights Fail in Winter Weather
Here is a downside to new LED lighting .
LED stop lights do not generate enough heat to melt ice and snow off them in the winter time .
The AP reports that in Green Bay , Wisonsin the LED stop lights are operating but drivers are having trouble seeing whether a light is green or red at stop lights because they are covered with snow .
City workers are having to go around and scrap snow off the lights one by one .
Take a look :
More from Science Space & Robots
Former Kansas City Chiefs running back Larry Johnson was expected to sign with the AFC North - leading Cincinnati Bengals sometime Monday night , sources familiar with the negotiations told ESPN , but a deal had not been announced .
The deal is expected to be for the prorated league minimum .
Coach Marvin Lewis said Monday that Johnson would be fourth on the team 's depth chart at running back .
" That 's what his role would be , it would be as a fourth running back and an opportunity as a backup player on this football team doing all the things backup players do , and that 's work their tails off in the kicking game and showing looks [ on the scout team ] and so forth that way , " Lewis said .
" And then he would be an insurance policy if something would happen down the line to one of our guys where he'd have a chance to be active .
" But I could n't foresee him being active when he was initially here , if this is what happens .
And that 's what I 've told him . "
The Bengals , along with several other teams , first expressed interest in Johnson last week as depth behind Cedric Benson , who strained a hip muscle in Sunday 's 18 - 12 win in Pittsburgh that left the Bengals ( 7 - 2 ) in control of the AFC North .
Benson is expected to practice on a limited basis this week .
Lewis said there 's a chance he could play Sunday in Oakland .
Lewis assured Benson that the Bengals ' interest in Johnson would have no effect on his status as the primary runner .
Lewis said he first spoke with Johnson by phone last Thursday , before Benson 's injury .
" I had a chance to visit with Cedric about this , that it does n't affect him -- zero , " Lewis said .
" This was under way last week , so Cedric [ being injured ] in the game had no effect on this thing . "
The Chiefs released Johnson last Monday , the day he was due back from his second ( two - week ) suspension in the past 12 months .
His last brush with controversy came two weeks ago when he posted on his Twitter account a gay slur , insulted followers and questioned the competence of head coach Todd Haley .
Since rushing for a team - record 1,789 yards on an NFL - record 416 carries in 2006 , Johnson was never quite the same in Kansas City .
In 2008 , then - coach Herm Edwards benched him for three straight games for violating team rules and NFL commissioner Roger Goodell suspended him a fourth game for violating the league 's player conduct policy .
Johnson was later sentenced to two years ' probation after pleading guilty to two counts of disturbing the peace .
One woman accused him of throwing a drink on her and another said he had pushed her head at a Kansas City nightspot .
After his huge year in ' 06 , Johnson stayed away from training camp , demanding more money , and he got it , a six - year deal worth $ 45 million , including $ 19 million guaranteed .
But hampered by a foot injury , he wound up with only 559 yards and three touchdowns .
In 2008 , he ran for 874 yards as the Chiefs sank to 2 - 14 .
Still , Johnson was only 75 yards away from breaking Priest Holmes ' team rushing record when the team let him go .
ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter and ESPN NFL reporter Michael Smith contributed to this report .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
i Phone owners charging Apple and AT&T with breaking antitrust laws asked a federal judge this week to force Apple to hand over the iPhone source code , court documents show .
The lawsuit , which was filed in October 2007 , accuses Apple and AT&T of violating antitrust laws , including the Sherman Act , by agreeing to a multi- year deal that locks U.S. iPhone owners into using the mobile carrier .
On Wednesday , the plaintiffs asked U.S. District Court Judge James Ware to compel Apple to produce the source code for the iPhone 1.1.1 software , an update that Apple issued in September 2007 .
The update crippled iPhones that had been unlocked , or " jailbroken , " so that they could be used with mobile providers other than AT&T .
The iPhone 1.1.1 " bricked " those first - generation iPhones that had been hacked , rendering them useless and wiping all personal data from the device .
Several days before iPhone 1.1.1 was released , Apple threatened to take action against users who had hacked their handsets , saying that doing so would " violate their iPhone software license agreement and void their warranty . "
Prior to that , Apple CEO Steve Jobs had said it was his company 's job to stymie attempts to jailbreak the iPhone .
" It 's a cat and mouse game , " Jobs said at the time .
" People will try to break in , and it 's our job to stop them breaking in . "
The plaintiffs in the case want to examine some of the iPhone 1.1.1 source code , including that for the kernel , the Core OS and Core Services layer , as well as for two programs -- " Purple Restore " and " BBUpdater -- which are used to update the iPhone 's operating system and flash the phone 's baseband chip .
The source code is necessary , they argued , in order to determine whether all iPhones were given the same 1.1.1 update , and whether it was designed to " brick " all or just some hacked iPhones .
" Unless Plaintiffs are given access to Version 1.1.1 source code , their ability to prove the size and scope of the Class affected by Version 1.1.1 will be severely compromised and unfairly prejudiced , " the motion read .
The plaintiffs face a deadline of Jan. 8 for filing a motion to grant the case class - action status .
If Ware certifies the class , other iPhone users would be able to join the lawsuit .
According to documents submitted Wednesday to Ware , lawyers for Apple and the plaintiffs met numerous times last summer to hammer out an agreement to give the latter access to the iPhone 1.1.1 source code .
As of Aug. 20 , 2009 , Apple had agreed to make the entire source code of 1.1.1 available for inspection .
But then Apple reneged , the plaintiffs said .
" In telephonic meet - and - confer on September 23 , Apple began to change its position on how much of the code it would produce , and by October it had changed its position entirely and decided it was only going to produce the baseband firmware portion of Version 1.1.1 and would not produce the portion of the source code that updated the operating system , " Wednesday 's motion stated .
Apple 's excuse , claimed the plaintiffs ' lawyers , was that it needed to get the approval of Infineon , the company that makes the iPhone 's baseband chip .
" Plaintiffs can wait no longer and request an order compelling Apple to produce the entire code for Version 1.1.1 , " the motion said .
Lawyers for the plaintiffs have also asked Apple to hand over the engineering documentation for the requested parts of the source code , as well as the manual and software development kit ( SDK ) for the Infineon chip .
Posting ( 12/3/09 - 12:10 a.m. ) -
The Islanders have gotten offical word that defenseman The Islanders have gotten offical word that defenseman Mark Streit has been nominated by Swiss TV for the Swiss Sportsman of the Year Award in Switzerland .
The award will not be presented until December 12 but as the honor is presented , Islanders Authorized will be the first to inform you if he 's won .
Posting ( 12/11/09 - 9:15 p.m. ) -
The Islanders have tallied your votes on the new goal song and after narrowing the choices to two , the songis the winner .
Starting Saturday night against the Boston Bruins , the Islanders Game Operations staff will play the new song when the Islanders score a goal . -
The Islanders have announced that both Tim Jackman and Sean Bergenheim will miss up to 1 - 2 weeks with injuries suffered in the team 's loss on Tuesday to the Philadelphia Flyers .
Jackman delivered a big hit to Flyers ' captain , Mike Richards during the first few minutes of the game and was ruled to have a hip pointer injury .
Bergenheim inured his rib during the game when he attempted to snap a shot on goal .
After the shot , Bergenheim pulled up and skated directly to the bench , hunched over in pain and did not return .
Both players returned on the team bus after the game as the rest of the team continued on to Toronto to play the Maple Leafs the following night . -
The Islanders have recalled Jesse Joensuu from loan after the 6 '4 , 207 pound winger began the season with the organization 's AHL affiliate , the Bridgeport Sound Tigers .
Joensuu has played in a total of 28 games for the Sound Tigers this season , tallying 16 points ( five goals and 11 assists ) .
He is expected to join the team at practice tomorrow morning at Iceworks .
Joensuu earned his first career call - up to the Islanders last season , playing in seven games and scoring the first NHL goal of his career in his first game , against the Colorado Avalanche on March 2 at the Nassau Coliseum .
He also had two assists during his seven game span with the big club .
Last season was his first full year of professional hockey in North America .
Joensuu scored 20 goals and 19 assists for 39 points in 71 games .
He also played in five Calder Cup Playoff games last spring , recording two goals and an assist , including his first career post - season point in Game 2 of the Sound Tigers ' East Division Semi-Final series against the Wilkes - Barre / Scranton Penguins at the Nassau Coliseum .
The team just landed from Toronto and has gotten confirmation from ESPN that Islander defenseman , Brendan Witt will appear onthe station 's morning show , " First Take . "
Witt will be a special guest discussing the car accident that he was in during the team 's most recent game in Philadelphia , Tuesday .
To get the whole story of what went down and to learn who and if any NHL player hits harder than that GMC SUV , tune in from 10 a.m. through noon .
Check out what was going on at this morning 's pregame skate : - First , there was n't much skating at the pregame skate at all as Blake Comeau and Rob Schremp took the ice with assistant coach Scott Allen and were put through a tough skate to get the players ' legs ready for the game tonight .
Both net - minders , Dwayne Roloson ( expected starter ) and Martin Biron were on the ice as well taking shots as Goalie Consultant , Sudsie Maharaj looked on . -
Tonight when the Islanders take the ice at the Air Canada Center , they will wear their home navy blue jerseys .
The Toronto Maple Leafs will wear their road white jerseys .
Garth Snow was contacted earlier this week to get approval for the Maple Leafs to wear their road whites .
To give the Toronto fans a new look instead of the constant home blues , the Maple Leafs will wear white . -
When John Tavares sees his family tonight after the game , his mother Barb is going to be in for a surprise .
As many of you saw Tavares take that hit from behind by Philadelphia Flyers ' defenseman , Chris Pronger , when the Islander rookie got up , he did so without half of his front tooth .
" I was surprised it did n't hurt more then it did , " Tavares said this morning .
" My whole face was smeared into the boards , you can see it clearly in the highlights . " -
As the Islanders left the Wachovia Center last night , it was a scary scene as Tim Jackman and Sean Bergenheim limbered behind .
Jackman is out with a hip pointer injury and Bergenheim has an injured rib .
Both took the bus back to Long Island last night after the team was dropped off at the Philadelphia airport to fly to Toronto .
Think you 're tough ?
Check out this story from this morning about Islander assistant captain Brendan Witt getting hit by a car , posted on Katie Strang 's blog Not much to report today .
The team practiced at Iceworks this morning and they took a bus to Philadelphia , arriving this afternoon around 4:45 .
As usual , the autograph seekers were waiting for each of the players to go by and sign their various memorabilia as they entered the hotel .
After Matt Moulson , the final player off the bus , entered the hotel , the players went up to their rooms but the autograph seekers did not leave .
They pulled out their other pieces of memorabilia as the Denver Nuggets basketball team exited the hotel in preparation for their game tonight at the Wachovia Center against the Philadelphia 76ers .
As Moulson stepped into the elevator , Nuggets star forward , Kenyon Martin was stepping out .
If you think the Islanders are big , stand them next to an NBA player and the height difference is remarkable .
As posted late in last month 's archive for Islanders Authorized , the team has not granted the Russian Hockey Federation ’s request for Islander defenseman Anton Klementyev ( currently playing with the Sound Tigers ) to participate in their pre-camp leading up to the World Junior Championships in January .
Garth Snow explained why below ...
" We are looking for cooperation regarding the release of Kirill Petrov from his obligation to Kazan of the KHL , " Snow said .
Below , Nate Thompson 's father , Robert reveals some of his fondest memories with his son at a young age .
When Greg Moore became a free agent last summer , he wanted to find a team that gave him the best chance to make it to the NHL .
Meanwhile , the Sound Tigers were looking for a veteran to lead a young team that was set to include seven rookies .
It was a perfect fit .
“ I became a free agent in the summer and was shopping around to see what organization would best fit my goal to reach the NHL , ” Moore said .
“ I did some homework and felt the Islanders organization was a good fit for me .
I liked how they developed young guys . ” Moore signed with the Islanders after playing within the New York Rangers ’ organization for the last three seasons .
He played over 70 games in each of his three years with the Rangers ’ American Hockey League affiliate , the Hartford Wolf Pack and scored at least 20 goals each of the last two seasons .
The Lisbon , ME native immediately was given a leadership role , as head coach Jack Capuano put an “ A ” on his jersey as one of the team ’s assistant captain , which he shares with fellow first year Sound Tiger Greg Mauldin .
“ I have never been one to wait until Christmas and put three A’s on guys , ” Capuano said .
“ Talking to people and getting to know Greg during training camp , I thought it was a perfect fit for our organization .
He has gained tremendous experience from his three years in the AHL and can show a lot of our young guys what it takes to get to the next level .
” Capuano attributed much of the Sound Tigers ’ fast start this season , opening 4 - 0 - 0 - 0 , to Moore ’s veteran leadership .
“ He is the first one on the ice at 9:15 for a 10 a.m. practice , ” Capuano said .
“ He is out there all the time working on his game and that is what you want one of your leaders to do .
He leads by example and knows when to be vocal and when to get on the ice and show everyone what he ’s preaching .
” It did not take long for Moore to pencil his name in on the stat sheet and endear himself to Sound Tiger fans after playing for the hated Connecticut rival , Wolf Pack .
Moore picked up an assist in his first game as a Sound Tiger ( a 4 - 3 OT win against the Lowell Devils ) and registered his first goal against the Worcester Sharks in his second game for the club , also a Sound Tigers win .
On October 24 , with the Sound Tigers ’ took on the Wilkes - Barre / Scranton Penguins , their opponent in each of their last three playoff appearances .
Moore was welcomed back onto the ice by the Sound Tiger fans as the number one star after scoring the decisive overtime goal to beat the Penguins .
The enthusiasm that this young Sound Tiger team has is what Moore credits the team 's fast start to .
“ The fact that we have so many young guys is a big reason we ’ve had success this season .
They ’ve brought their excitement and energy to the games , ” Moore said .
After playing for the U.S. National Under - 18 team for two years , Moore spent four years at the University of Maine where he played in 154 games , racking up 107 points before his departure to the Connecticut capital .
“ Maine is a top school that competes at a high level every year with the best teams in the county , ” Moore said .
Attending Maine forced me into big games and key situations .
It made my transition from the college to pro game much easier .
” Originally a fifth round pick of the Calgary Flames in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft , Moore had a career year with the Wolf Pack in the 2007 - 08 season , netting 26 goals and tallying 66 points .
Moore ’s outstanding play earned him an NHL call - up as he appeared in six games for the Rangers .
To cap off his stellar season , he was selected to represent the Wolf Pack at the AHL All - Star Classic , playing for the PlanetUSA team .
With the prospect of another successful season in Connecticut , and the opportunity at the ring of a phone to make the hour and half drive to Long Island , Moore is excited to wear the blue and orange this year .
“ It has been fun to play on the Rangers ’ side of this rivalry but I could n’t be happy to have come over to the Islanders ’ side , ” Moore said .
“ Every time we take the ice together as a team , we have fun competing for each other , which makes it fun to come to the rink everyday .
” Are you wondering how to get Josh Bailey to do something ?
His father , Chris has a good idea .
As a kid , young Josh loved hockey .
Wanted to play the sport in the fall , winter , spring and summer but according to his dad , he was not given that opportunity .
" I wanted Josh to be well rounded in other sports than hockey , " Chris said .
" I tried to get him to ball ( baseball ) as much as possible because I loved the sport and did n't want him to get burned out of hockey .
We were a pitcher / catcher combo .
"
In fact , Chris played in several men's fast - pitch windmill leagues and recalled a time when he was playing in the outfield and his wife was sitting in the stands with Josh , who was two years old at the time .
Josh had gotten scared and started crying so his team had to juggle the positions so that Chris could play third base and continue to walk over and give his young son some attention .
As Josh got to an age where he could start to play baseball , Chris would go to his son and ask him to practice pitching .
Josh would moan and whine , so Chris made a deal with him .
" When Josh was growing up , he loved Pokémon cards , " Chris said .
" I promised Josh that if he could strike out nine ( imaginary ) guys before he walked nine , I 'd go out and buy him a pack of Pokémon cards .
" Needless to say , out they went and after a while it did n't take much bribery to get Josh " The Ace " into the back yard to practice .
A long dry patch of grass began to develop where Josh pitched from , stretching to where his father crouched down to catch .
As time passed and the family eventually moved to their current home in Bowmanille , ON , Josh and his brother joined a baseball team full of hockey players .
Chris signed on to coach the young team full of players who had never played baseball before .
Error after error , walk after walk was a painful pattern for the team so Josh began to become turned off from America 's pastime .
Until the final game of the season .
Josh 's team had lost a lot of games but went up against another team full of first year players who had won the provincial championship at the younger age bracket .
A 7 - 5 lead with Josh on the mound was something that Chris knew could get them the win over the startled defending champions .
" They had the bases loaded and Josh walked a guy in to make the score 7 - 6 , " Chris said .
" He just turned to me and shook his head so I went to the mound and proceeded to tell him that this was where he needed to dig deep and put that little bit of extra effort in to get the next guy out .
" Well Josh was n't the only one putting in a little extra effort as he delivered to the plate , the batter pounded a ball into the outfield but his teammate made an amazing catch and then threw the ball to third to double up the runner who had left early while trying to tag up .
Josh and his team would go on to win the game , their only victory of the season .
As the two drove home from the game , Josh looked at his father and said , " Dad , that 's it , I 'm done , " and after that the baseball career of Josh came to an end .
He would go on to play lacrosse and roller hockey but grew out of them with his love for the ice .
Pretty good decision , judging on where he is today .
The word “ pre-gaming ” can have many different meanings .
For a hockey player , it entails the entire preparation before pulling on the Islander jersey for pre-game warm -ups .
For Islander die -hard , Mike Isserlis , he describes the entire pregame experience as “ Islander Awesomeness .
” For a player on game - day , everything flows like clockwork .
The team is told to arrive at the rink no later than two hours prior to the puck dropping .
If you ’re Brendan Witt you ’ll sometimes arrive three hours early but for Islander forward Kyle Okposo , his timing is set to the last possible minute , that if he takes too long to stretch , play soccer or tie his skates , he may not make warm - ups .
“ I ’m worried that one day they ’re going to decide to have warm - up five minutes early and I ’ll be screwed , ” Okposo said .
“ My worst nightmare is I ’ll be running back and all the boys will be going out to warm - up without me .
I get kind of nervous sometimes but I ’ve been doing it for awhile so I ’ve got it down pretty good .
” There are several Islander die - hards that have their pre-game routines down “ pretty good ” as well .
Isserlis begins his night by pulling on his 1982 Mike Bossy jersey and jumping on the train from New York City to Penn Station where he sits and waits for the 4:30 train to Mineola .
“ If the Rangers have a home game that day I like to spend a few minutes giving and taking some verbal harassment , ” Isserlis said .
“ This generally ends with me jumping on the train giving the good old fashion 1 in 70 chant .
” At just about the time Isserlis is getting on the train , Okposo is strolling into the Coliseum for the game .
He has taken care of everything he possibly can at the morning skate , except for taping his game stick , which he has set aside for when he arrives .
He gets into his workout gear , ( t - shirt and shorts ) and joins the team in a game of soccer in the open area next to the home tunnel .
While Okposo is playing soccer , Isserlis is arriving at the Mineola train station where his buddies pick him up to begin the night .
“ I usually get in around 5 p.m. and we grab some beers ( possibly some MOULSONS this season ! ) and head to the Coliseum parking lot early , ” Isserlis said .
“ We always try to grill before the game and try to add to the tailgating tradition which has been gaining steam in the lots adjacent to the Marriott for the past 4 or 5 years .
” Back at the Coliseum , the Pele ’s juggling the ball in the home tunnel call it a game and go back into the dressing room for the coach ’s team meeting .
Head Coach Scott Gordon and his staff usually go through the opposing team ’s special teams systems and some of their tendencies before they let the players go and do their final preparations for the game .
As Isserlis and his crew are out sharing a few " Moulsons , ” this is where Okposo ’s story changes from most players .
“ I did a lot of work with Stim Machines on my legs and upper body this summer so I like to keep it in my routine to warm - up , ” Okposo said .
“ After that , I go back to the change room and grab my I - pod .
I put it on and run to the back portion to the rink .
” It ’s hard to find him but if you search hard enough , he ’s there .
If you ’re sitting in the stands and go through the Zamboni tunnel , it will put you in the loading dock .
Make a hard right and just keep going .
The open area is staggered with big pillars that provide the miniscule light that Okposo uses to stretch and run his sprints .
At exactly 6:21 p.m. , if you take a quick stroll through the Islanders ’ hall - way or dressing room , you ’ll see Jack Hillen ( fully dressed ) parked in his customary chair outside of Equipment Manager Scott Boggs ’ office , Sean Bergenheim ( fully dressed ) leaning on his shin pads in the runway as he concentrates before taking the ice for warm-ups and Jon Sim ( also fully dressed ) doing his stretches at the top of the Islanders tunnel .
If you turn your head , you ’ll miss him .
Okposo comes flying by with his music peaking and you can tell he is ready for the game .
Or is he ?
Half the team is dressed and ready to take the ice but Okposo is just putting his I - pod away and getting ready to get his equipment on .
“ If I just go straight through , it takes me three and a half minutes , the most … four .
My bottom stuff , shin pads , socks , garter belt , they take the longest .
Once I ’ve got them on , my skates take the shortest time .
I tape up my wrists , throw my upper stuff on ( shoulder pads and elbow pads ) and I ’m out the door with Streiter ( Mark Streit ) and Hunts ( Trent Hunter ) behind me for the 6:30 warm - up .
” Just in time to be greeted to the ice by Isserlis and his Islander die - hards from section 303 for a night of “ Islander Awesomeness . ”
Download
There are two ways to download Sonata of the Damned :
The Music
via torrent
This method is preferred , as it helped OverClocked ReMix save bandwidth .
The Album Art
A fundamental tool in any mathematician ’s toolkit is that of reductio ad absurdum : showing that a statement is false by assuming first that is true , and showing that this leads to a logical contradiction .
A particulary pure example of reductio ad absurdum occurs when establishing the non-existence of a hypothetically overpowered object or structure , by showing that ‘s powers are “ self - defeating ” : the very existence of and its powers can be used ( by some clever trick ) to construct a counterexample to that power .
Perhaps the most well - known example of a self - defeating object comes from the omnipotence paradox in philosophy ( “ Can an omnipotent being create a rock so heavy that He cannot lift it ? ” ) ; more generally , a large number of other paradoxes in logic or philosophy can be reinterpreted as a proof that a certain overpowered object or structure does not exist .
In mathematics , perhaps the first example of a self - defeating object one encounters is that of a largest natural number :
Proposition 1 ( No largest natural number )
There does not exist a natural number which is larger than all other natural numbers .
Proof : Suppose for contradiction that there was such a largest natural number .
Then is also a natural number which is strictly larger than , contradicting the hypothesis that is the largest natural number .
Note the argument does not apply to the extended natural number system in which one adjoins an additional object beyond the natural numbers , because is defined equal to .
However , the above argument does show that the existence of a largest number is not compatible with the Peano axioms .
This argument , by the way , is perhaps the only mathematical argument I know of which is routinely taught to primary school children by other primary school children , thanks to the schoolyard game of naming the largest number .
It is arguably one ’s first exposure to a mathematical non-existence result , which seems innocuous at first but can be surprisingly deep , as such results preclude in advance all future attempts to establish existence of that object , no matter how much effort or ingenuity is poured into this task .
One sees this in a typical instance of the above schoolyard game ; one player tries furiously to cleverly construct some impressively huge number , but no matter how much effort is expended in doing so , the player is defeated by the simple response “… plus one ! ” ( unless , of course , is infinite , ill - defined , or otherwise not a natural number ) .
It is not only individual objects ( such as natural numbers ) which can be self - defeating ; structures ( such as orderings or enumerations ) can also be self - defeating .
( In modern set theory , one considers structures to themselves be a kind of object , and so the distinction between the two concepts is often blurred . )
Here is one example ( related to , but subtly different from , the previous one ) :
Proposition 2
( The natural numbers can not be finitely enumerated )
The natural numbers cannot be written as for any finite collection of natural numbers .
Proof : Suppose for contradiction that such an enumeration existed .
Then consider the number ; this is a natural number , but is larger than ( and hence not equal to ) any of the natural numbers , contradicting the hypothesis that is enumerated by .
Here it is the enumeration which is self - defeating , rather than any individual natural number such as or .
( For this post , we allow enumerations to contain repetitions . )
The above argument may seem trivial , but a slight modification of it already gives an important result , namely Euclid ’s theorem :
Proposition 3
( The primes can not be finitely enumerated )
The prime numbers cannot be written as for any finite collection of prime numbers .
Proof : Suppose for contradiction that such an enumeration existed .
Then consider the natural number ; this is a natural number larger than which is not divisible by any of the primes .
But , by the fundamental theorem of arithmetic ( or by the method of Infinite descent , which is another classic application of reductio ad absurdum ) , every natural number larger than must be divisible by some prime , contradicting the hypothesis that is enumerated by .
Remark 1 Continuing the number - theoretic theme , the “ dueling conspiracies ” arguments in a previous blog post can also be viewed as an instance of this type of “ no - self - defeating - object ” ; for instance , a zero of the Riemann zeta function at implies that the primes anti-correlate almost completely with the multiplicative function , which is self - defeating because it also implies complete anti-correlation with , and the two are incompatible .
Thus we see that the prime number theorem ( a much stronger version of Proposition 3 ) also emerges from this type of argument .
In this post I would like to collect several other well - known examples of this type of “ no self - defeating object ” argument .
Each of these is well studied , and probably quite familiar to many of you , but I feel that by collecting them all in one place , the commonality of theme between these arguments becomes more apparent .
( For instance , as we shall see , many well - known “ paradoxes ” in logic and philosophy can be interpreted mathematically as a rigorous “ no self - defeating object ” argument . )
— 1 . Set theory —
Many famous foundational results in set theory come from a “ no self - defeating object ” argument .
( Here , we shall be implicitly be using a standard axiomatic framework for set theory , such as Zermelo - Frankel set theory ; the situation becomes different for other set theories , much as results such as Proposition 1 changes if one uses other number systems such as the extended natural numbers . )
The basic idea here is that any sufficiently overpowered set - theoretic object is capable of encoding a version of the liar paradox ( “ this sentence is false ” , or more generally a statement which can be shown to be logically equivalent to its negation ) and thus lead to a contradiction .
Consider for instance this variant of Russell ’s paradox :
Proposition 4 ( No universal set )
There does not exist a set which contains all sets ( including itself ) .
Proof : Suppose for contradiction that there existed a universal set which contained all sets .
Using the axiom schema of specification , one can then construct the set
of all sets in the universe which did not contain themselves .
As is universal , is contained in .
But then , by definition of , one sees that if and only if , a contradiction .
Remark 2
As a corollary , there also does not exist any set which contains all other sets ( not including itself ) , because the set would then be universal .
One can “ localise ” the above argument to a smaller domain than the entire universe , leading to the important
Proposition 5 ( Cantor ’s theorem )
Let be a set .
Then the power set of cannot be enumerated by , i.e. one cannot write for some collection of subsets of .
Proof : Suppose for contradiction that there existed a set whose power set could be enumerated as for some .
Using the axiom schema of specification , one can then construct the set
The set is an element of the power set .
As is enumerated by , we have for some .
But then by the definition of , one sees that if and only if , a contradiction .
As is well - known , one can adapt Cantor ’s argument to the real line , showing that the reals are uncountable :
Proposition 6
( The real numbers can not be countably enumerated )
The real numbers cannot be written as for any countable collection of real numbers .
Proof : Suppose for contradiction that there existed a countable enumeration of by a sequence of real numbers .
Consider the decimal expansion of each of these numbers .
Note that , due to the well - known “ ” issue , the decimal expansion may be non-unique , but each real number has at most two decimal expansions .
For each , let be a digit which is not equal to the digit of any of the decimal expansions of ; this is always possible because there are ten digits to choose from and at most two decimal expansions of .
( One can avoid any implicit invocation of the axiom of choice here by setting to be ( say ) the least digit which is not equal to the digit of any of the decimal expansions of . )
Then the real number given by the decimal expansion differs in the digit from any of the decimal expansions of for each , and so is distinct from every , a contradiction .
Remark 3
One can of course deduce Proposition 6 directly from Proposition 5 , by using the decimal representation to embed into .
But notice how the two arguments have a slightly different ( though closely related ) basis ; the former argument proceeds by encoding the liar paradox , while the second proceeds by exploiting Cantor ’s diagonal argument .
The two perspectives are indeed a little different : for instance , Cantor ’s diagonal argument can also be modified to establish the Arzela - Ascolí theorem , whereas I do not see any obvious way to prove that theorem by encoding the liar paradox .
Remark 4
It is an interesting psychological phenomenon that Proposition 6 is often considered far more unintuitive than any of the other propositions here , despite being in the same family of arguments ; most people have no objection to the fact that every effort to finitely enumerate the natural numbers , for instance , is doomed to failure , but for some reason it is much harder to let go of the belief that , at some point , some sufficiently ingenious person will work out a way to countably enumerate the real numbers .
I am not exactly sure why this disparity exists , but I suspect it is at least partly due to the fact that the rigorous construction of the real numbers is quite sophisticated and often not presented properly until the advanced undergraduate level .
( Or perhaps it is because we do not play the game “ enumerate the real numbers ” often enough in schoolyards . )
Remark 5
One can also use the diagonal argument to show that any reasonable notion of a “ constructible real number ” must itself be non-constructive ( this is related to the interesting number paradox ) .
Part of the problem is that the question of determining whether a proposed construction of a real number is actually well - defined is a variant of the halting problem , which we will discuss below .
While a genuinely universal set is not possible in standard set theory , one at least has the notion of an ordinal , which contains all the ordinals less than it .
( In the discussion below , we assume familiarity with the theory of ordinals . )
One can modify the above arguments concerning sets to give analogous results about the ordinals .
For instance :
Proposition 7 ( Ordinals do not form a set )
There does not exist a set that contains all the ordinals .
Proof : Suppose for contradiction that such a set existed .
By the axiom schema of specification , one can then find a set which consists precisely of all the ordinals and nothing else .
But then is an ordinal which is not contained in ( by the axiom of foundation , also known as the axiom of regularity ) , a contradiction .
Remark 6
This proposition ( together with the theory of ordinals ) can be used to give a quick proof of Zorn ’s lemma : see these lecture notes of mine for further discussion .
Notice the similarity between this argument and the proof of Proposition 1 .
Remark 7
Once one has Zorn ’s lemma , one can show that various other classes of mathematical objects do not form sets .
Consider for instance the class of all vector spaces .
Observe that any chain of ( real ) vector spaces ( ordered by inclusion ) has an upper bound ( namely the union or limit of these spaces ) ; thus , if the class of all vector spaces was a set , then Zorn ’s lemma would imply the existence of a maximal vector space .
But one can simply adjoin an additional element not already in ( e.g. ) to , and contradict this maximality .
( An alternate proof : every object is an element of some vector space , and in particular every set is an element of some vector space .
If the class of all vector spaces formed a set , then by the axiom of union , we see that union of all vector spaces is a set also , contradicting Proposition 4 . )
One can localise the above argument to smaller cardinalities , for instance :
Proposition 8 ( Countable ordinals are uncountable )
There does not exist a countable enumeration of the countable ordinals .
( Here we consider finite sets and countably infinite sets to both be countable . )
Proof : Suppose for contradiction that there exists a countable enumeration of the countable ordinals .
Then the set is also a countable ordinal , as is the set .
But is not equal to any of the ( by the axiom of foundation ) , a contradiction .
Remark 8
One can show the existence of uncountable ordinals ( e.g. by considering all the well - orderings of subsets of the natural numbers , up to isomorphism ) , and then there exists a least uncountable ordinal .
By construction , this ordinal consists precisely of all the countable ordinals , but is itself uncountable , much as consists precisely of all the finite natural numbers , but is itself infinite ( Proposition 2 ) .
The least uncountable ordinal is notorious , among other things , for providing a host of counterexamples to various intuitively plausible assertions in point set topology , and in particular in showing that the topology of sufficiently uncountable spaces cannot always be adequately explored by countable objects such as sequences .
Remark 9
The existence of the least uncountable ordinal can explain why one cannot contradict Cantor ’s theorem on the uncountability of the reals simply by iterating the diagonal argument ( or any other algorithm ) in an attempt to “ exhaust ” the reals .
From transfinite induction we see that the diagonal argument allows one to assign a different real number to each countable ordinal , but this does not establish countability of the reals , because the set of all countable ordinals is itself uncountable .
( This is similar to how one cannot contradict Proposition 4 by iterating the map , as the set of all finite natural numbers is itself infinite . )
In any event , even once one reaches the first uncountable ordinal , one may not yet have completely exhausted the reals ; for instance , using the diagonal argument given in the proof of Proposition 6 , only the real numbers in the interval will ever be enumerated by this procedure .
( Also , the question of whether all real numbers in can be enumerated by the iterated diagonal algorithm requires the continuum hypothesis , and even with this hypothesis I am not sure whether the statement is decidable . )
— 2 . Logic —
The “ no self - defeating object ” argument leads to a number of important non-existence results in logic .
Again , the basic idea is to show that a sufficiently overpowered logical structure will eventually lead to the existence of a self - contradictory statement , such as the liar paradox .
To state examples of this properly , one unfortunately has to invest a fair amount of time in first carefully setting up the language and theory of logic .
I will not do so here , and instead use informal English sentences as a proxy for precise logical statements to convey a taste ( but not a completely rigorous description ) of these logical results here .
The liar paradox itself – the inability to assign a consistent truth value to “ this sentence is false ” – can be viewed as an argument demonstrating that there is no consistent way to interpret ( i.e. assign a truth value to ) sentences , when the sentences are ( a ) allowed to be self - referential , and ( b ) allowed to invoke the very notion of truth given by this interpretation .
One ’s first impulse is to say that the difficulty here lies more with ( a ) than with ( b ) , but there is a clever trick , known as Quining ( or indirect self - reference ) , which allows one to modify the liar paradox to produce a non-self - referential statement to which one still cannot assign a consistent truth value .
The idea is to work not with fully formed sentences , which have a single truth value , but instead with predicates , whose truth value depends on a variable in some range .
For instance , may be “ is two characters long . ” , and the range of may be the set of strings ( i.e. finite sequences of characters ) ; then for every string , the statement ( formed by replacing every appearance of in with ) is either true or false .
For instance , is true , but is false .
Crucially , predicates are themselves strings , and can thus be fed into themselves as input ; for instance , is false .
If however is the predicate “ is sixty - five characters long . ” , observe that is true .
Now consider the Quine predicate given by
“ is a predicate whose range is the set of strings , and is false . ”
whose range is the set of strings .
Thus , for any string , is the sentence
“ is a predicate whose range is the set of strings , and is false . ”
This predicate is defined non-recursively , but the sentence captures the essence of the liar paradox : it is true if and only if it is false .
This shows that there is no consistent way to interpret sentences in which the sentences are allowed to come from predicates , are allowed to use the concept of a string , and also allowed to use the concept of truth as given by that interpretation .
Note that the proof of Proposition 4 is basically the set - theoretic analogue of the above argument , with the connection being that one can identify a predicate with the set .
By making one small modification to the above argument – replacing the notion of truth with the related notion of provability – one obtains the celebrated Gödel ’s ( second ) incompleteness theorem :
Theorem 9 ( Gödel ’s incompleteness theorem ) ( Informal statement )
No consistent logical system which has the notion of a string , can provide a proof of its own logical consistency .
( Note that a proof can be viewed as a certain type of string . )
Remark 10
Because one can encode strings in numerical form ( e.g. using the ASCII code ) , it is also true ( informally speaking ) that no consistent logical system which has the notion of a natural number , can provide a proof of its own logical consistency .
Proof : ( Informal sketch only )
Suppose for contradiction that one had a consistent logical system inside of which its consistency could be proven .
Now let be the predicate given by
“ is a predicate whose range is the set of strings , and is not provable ”
and whose range is the set of strings .
Define the Gödel sentence to be the string .
Then is logically equivalent to the assertion “ is not provable ” .
Thus , if were false , then would be provable , which ( by the consistency of the system ) implies that is true , a contradiction ; thus , must be true .
Because the system is provably consistent , the above argument can be placed inside the system itself , to prove inside that system that must be true ; thus is provable and is then false , a contradiction .
( It becomes quite necessary to carefully distinguish the notions of truth and provability ( both inside a system and externally to that system ) in order to get this argument straight ! )
Remark 11
It is not hard to show that a consistent logical system which can model the standard natural numbers cannot disprove its own consistency either ( i.e. it can not establish the statement that one can deduce a contradiction from the axioms in the systems in steps for some natural number ) ; thus the consistency of such a system is undecidable within that system .
Thus this theorem strengthens the ( more well known ) first Gödel incompleteness theorem , which asserts the existence of undecidable statements inside a consistent logical system which contains the concept of a string ( or a natural number ) .
On the other hand , the incompleteness theorem does not preclude the possibility that the consistency of a weak theory could be proven in a strictly stronger theory ( e.g. the consistency of Peano arithmetic is provable in Zermelo - Frankel set theory ) .
Remark 12
One can use the incompleteness theorem to establish the undecidability of other overpowered problems .
For instance , Matiyasevich ’s theorem demonstrates that the problem of determining the solvability of a system of Diophantine equations is , in general , undecidable , because one can encode statements such as the consistency of set theory inside such a system .
— 3 . Computability —
One can adapt these arguments in logic to analogous arguments in the theory of computation ; the basic idea here is to show that a sufficiently overpowered computer program cannot exist , by feeding the source code for that program into the program itself ( or some slight modification thereof ) to create a contradiction .
As with logic , a properly rigorous formalisation of the theory of computation would require a fair amount of preliminary machinery , for instance to define the concept of Turing machine ( or some other universal computer ) , and so I will once again use informal English sentences as an informal substitute for a precise programming language .
A fundamental “ no self - defeating object ” argument in the subject , analogous to the other liar paradox type arguments encountered previously , is the Turing halting theorem :
Theorem 10 ( Turing halting theorem )
There does not exist a program which takes a string as input , and determines in finite time whether is a program ( with no input ) that halts in finite time .
Proof : Suppose for contradiction that such a program existed .
Then one could easily modify to create a variant program , which takes a string as input , and halts if and only if is a program ( with itself as input ) that does not halts in finite time .
Indeed , all has to do is call with the string , defined as the program ( with no input ) formed by declaring to be the input string for the program .
If determines that does not halt , then halts ; otherwise , if determines that does halt , then performs an infinite loop and does not halt .
Then observe that will halt if and only if it does not halt , a contradiction .
Remark 13
As one can imagine from the proofs , this result is closely related to , but not quite identical with , the Gödel incompleteness theorem .
That latter theorem implies that the question of whether a given program halts or not in general is undecidable ( consider a program designed to search for proofs of the inconsistency of set theory ) .
By contrast , the halting theorem ( roughly speaking ) shows that this question is uncomputable ( i.e. there is no algorithm to decide halting in general ) rather than undecidable ( i.e. there are programs whose halting can neither be proven nor disproven ) .
On the other hand , the halting theorem can be used to establish the incompleteness theorem .
Indeed , suppose that all statements in a suitably strong and consistent logical system were either provable or disprovable .
Then one could build a program that determined whether an input string , when run as a program , halts in finite time , simply by searching for all proofs or disproofs of the statement “ halts in finite time ” ; this program is guaranteed to terminate with a correct answer by hypothesis .
Remark 14
While it is not possible for the halting problem for a given computing language to be computable in that language , it is certainly possible that it is computable in a strictly stronger language .
When that is the case , one can then invoke Newcomb ’s paradox to argue that the weaker language does not have unlimited “ free will ” in some sense .
Remark 15
In the language of recursion theory , the halting theorem asserts that the set of programs that do not halt is not a decidable set ( or a recursive set ) .
In fact , one can make the slightly stronger assertion that the set of programs that do not halt is not even a semi- decidable set ( or a recursively enumerable set ) , i.e. there is no algorithm which takes a program as input and halts in finite time if and only if the input program does not halt .
This is because the complementary set of programs that do halt is clearly semi-decidable ( one simply runs the program until it halts , running forever if it does not ) , and so if the set of programs that do not halt is also semi-decidable , then it is decidable ( by running both algorithms in parallel ; this observation is a special case of Post ’s theorem ) .
Remark 16
One can use the halting theorem to exclude overly general theories for certain types of mathematical objects .
For instance , one cannot hope to find an algorithm to determine the existence of smooth solutions to arbitrary nonlinear partial differential equations , because it is possible to simulate a Turing machine using the laws of classical physics , which in turn can be modeled using ( a moderately complicated system of ) nonlinear PDE .
Instead , progress in nonlinear PDE has instead proceeded by focusing on much more specific classes of such PDE ( e.g. elliptic PDE , parabolic PDE , hyperbolic PDE , gauge theories , etc. ) .
One can place the halting theorem in a more “ quantitative ” form .
Call a function computable if there exists a computer program which , when given a natural number as input , returns as output in finite time .
Define the Busy Beaver function by setting to equal the largest output of any program of at most characters in length ( and taking no input ) , which halts in finite time .
Note that there are only finitely many such programs for any given , so is well - defined .
On the other hand , it is uncomputable , even to upper bound :
Proposition 11
There does not exist a computable function such that one has for all .
Proof : Suppose for contradiction that there existed a computable function such that for all .
We can use this to contradict the halting theorem , as follows .
First observe that once the Busy Beaver function can be upper bounded by a computable function , then for any , the run time of any halting program of length at most can also be upper bounded by a computable function .
This is because if a program of length halts in finite time , then a trivial modification of that program ( of length larger than , but by a computable factor ) is capable of outputting the run time of that program ( by keeping track of a suitable “ clock ” variable , for instance ) .
Applying the upper bound for Busy Beaver to that increased length , one obtains the bound on run time .
Now , to determine whether a given program halts in finite time or not , one simply simulates ( runs ) that program for time up to the computable upper bound of the possible running time of , given by the length of .
If the program has not halted by then , then it never will .
This provides a program obeying the hypotheses of the halting theorem , a contradiction .
Remark 17
A variant of the argument shows that grows faster than any computable function : thus if is computable , then for all sufficiently large .
We leave the proof of this result as an exercise to the reader .
Remark 18
Sadly , the most important unsolved problem in complexity theory , namely the problem , does not seem to be susceptible to the no-self - defeating - object argument , basically because such arguments tend to be relativisable whereas the problem is not ; see this earlier blog post for more discussion .
On the other hand , one has the curious feature that many proposed proofs that appear to be self - defeating ; this is most strikingly captured in the celebrated work of Razborov and Rudich , who showed ( very roughly speaking ) that any sufficiently “ natural ” proof that could be used to disprove the existence of an object closely related to the belief that , namely the existence of pseudorandom number generators .
( I am told , though , that diagonalisation arguments can be used to prove some other inclusions or non-inclusions in complexity theory that are not subject to the relativisation barrier , though I do not know the details . )
— 4 . Game theory —
Another basic example of the no-self - defeating - objects argument arises from game theory , namely the strategy stealing argument .
Consider for instance a generalised version of naughts and crosses ( tic - tac - toe ) , in which two players take turns placing naughts and crosses on some game board ( not necessarily square , and not necessarily two - dimensional ) , with the naughts player going first , until a certain pattern of all naughts or all crosses is obtained as a subpattern , with the naughts player winning if the pattern is all naughts , and the crosses player winning if the pattern is all crosses .
( If all positions are filled without either pattern occurring , the game is a draw . )
We assume that the winning patterns for the cross player are exactly the same as the winning patterns for the naughts player ( but with naughts replaced by crosses , of course ) .
Proposition 12
In any generalised version of naughts and crosses , there is no strategy for the second player ( i.e. the crosses player ) which is guaranteed to ensure victory .
Proof : Suppose for contradiction that the second player had such a winning strategy .
The first player can then steal that strategy by placing a naught arbitrarily on the board , and then pretending to be the second player and using accordingly .
Note that occasionally , the strategy will compel the naughts player to place a naught on the square that he or she has already occupied , but in such cases the naughts player may simply place the naught somewhere else instead .
( It is not possible that the naughts player would run out of places , thus forcing a draw , because this would imply that could lead to a draw as well , a contradiction . )
If we denote this stolen strategy by , then guarantees a win for the naughts player ; playing the strategy for the naughts player against the strategy for the crosses player , we obtain a contradiction .
Remark 19
The key point here is that in naughts and crosses games , it is possible to play a harmless move – a move which gives up the turn of play , but does not actually decrease one ’s chance of winning .
In games such as chess , there does not appear to be any analogue of the harmless move , and so it is not known whether black actually has a strategy guaranteed to win or not in chess , though it is suspected that this is not the case .
Remark 20 The Hales - Jewett theorem shows that for any fixed board length , an - dimensional game of naughts and crosses is unable to end in a draw if is sufficiently large .
An induction argument shows that for any two - player game that terminates in bounded time in which draws are impossible , one player must have a guaranteed winning strategy ; by the above proposition , this strategy must be a win for the naughts player .
Note , however , that Proposition 12 provides no information as to how to locate this winning strategy , other than that this strategy belongs to the naughts player .
Nevertheless , this gives a second example in which the no-self - defeating - object argument can be used to ensure the existence of some object , rather than the non-existence of an object .
( The first example was the prime number theorem , discussed earlier . )
The strategy - stealing argument can be applied to real - world economics and finance , though as with any other application of mathematics to the real world , one has to be careful as to the implicit assumptions one is making about reality and how it conforms to one ’s mathematical model when doing so .
For instance , one can argue that in any market or other economic system in which the net amount of money is approximately constant , it is not possible to locate a universal trading strategy which is guaranteed to make money for the user of that strategy , since if everyone applied that strategy then the net amount of money in the system would increase , a contradiction .
Note however that there are many loopholes here ; it may be that the strategy is difficult to copy , or relies on exploiting some other group of participants who are unaware or unable to use the strategy , and would then lose money ( though in such a case , the strategy is not truly universal as it would stop working once enough people used it ) .
Unfortunately , there can be strong psychological factors that can cause people to override the conclusions of such strategy - stealing arguments with their own rationalisations , as can be seen , for instance , in the perennial popularity of pyramid schemes , or to a lesser extent , market bubbles ( though one has to be careful about applying the strategy - stealing argument in the latter case , since it is possible to have net wealth creation through external factors such as advances in technology ) .
Note also that the strategy - stealing argument also limits the universal predictive power of technical analysis to provide predictions other than that the prices obey a martingale , though again there are loopholes in the case of markets that are illiquid or highly volatile .
— 5 . Physics —
In a similar vein , one can try to adapt the no-self - defeating - object argument from mathematics to physics , but again one has to be much more careful with various physical and metaphysical assumptions that may be implicit in one ’s argument .
For instance , one can argue that under the laws of special relativity , it is not possible to construct a totally immovable object .
The argument would be that if one could construct an immovable object in one inertial reference frame , then by the principle of relativity it should be possible to construct an object which is immovable in another inertial reference frame which is moving with respect to the first ; setting the two on a collision course , we obtain the classic contradiction between an irresistible force and an immovable object .
Note however that there are several loopholes here which allow one to avoid contradiction ; for instance , the two objects could simply pass through each other without interacting .
In a somewhat similar vein , using the laws of special relativity one can argue that it is not possible to systematically generate and detect tachyon particles – particles traveling faster than the speed of light – because these could be used to transmit localised information faster than the speed of light , and then ( by the principle of relativity ) to send localised information back into the past , from one location to a distant one .
Setting up a second tachyon beam to reflect this information back to the original location , one could then send localised information back to one ’s own past ( rather than to the past of an observer at a distant location ) , allowing one to set up a classic grandfather paradox .
However , as before , there are a large number of loopholes in this argument which could let one avoid contradiction ; for instance , if the apparatus needed to set up the tachyon beam may be larger than the distance the beam travels ( as is for instance the case in Mexican wave - type tachyon beams ) then there is no causality paradox ; another loophole is if the tachyon beam is not fully localised , but propagates in spacetime in a manner to interfere with the second tachyon beam .
A third loophole occurs if the universe exhibits quantum behaviour ( in particular , the ability to exist in entangled states ) instead of non-quantum behaviour , which allows for such superluminal mechanisms as wave function collapse to occur without any threat to causality or the principle of relativity .
A fourth loophole occurs if the effects of relativistic gravity ( i.e. general relativity ) become significant .
Nevertheless , the paradoxical effect of time travel is so strong that this physical argument is a fairly convincing way to rule out many commonly imagined types of faster - than - light travel or communication ( and we have a number of other arguments too that exclude more modes of faster - than - light behaviour , though this is an entire blog post topic in its own right ) .
j Query UI 1.7 By Dan Wellman
This weekend , I finished reading jQuery UI 1.7 [ The User Interface Library For jQuery ] by Dan Wellman ( released by PACKT Publishing ) .
It 's a follow - up to his jQuery UI 1.6 book , which I reviewed in early 2009 .
With a technology that is evolving as fast as jQuery , it 's important that the documentation keep up such that we may know how to best leverage the tools that we have available ; Dan 's latest book , jQuery UI 1.7 , does just that - bringing us completely up - to - speed with all aspects of the jQuery UI library .
One thing that I was thrilled to see when reading this book was that after a brief introduction to jQuery and jQuery UI , Dan dives directly into the jQuery UI CSS framework .
With the 1.7 release of jQuery UI , the library has become completely standardized in the way that the markup and CSS classes are applied to the library widgets .
Not only does this make it easy to uniformly skin the widgets ( via tools like ThemeRoller ) , it provides a good structure for anyone hoping to create their own custom user interface widgets .
Dan covered the CSS framework in chapter 2 , but I was very happy to find the CSS framework being brought up as a consistent theme throughout the book ; each widget - based chapter takes time to examine the programmatically - generated HTML of each widget instance as well as how the phenotype of each widget might be overridden with some simple CSS rules .
Whether through the configuration options or through customized CSS , Dan really does a great job of painting a picture of flexibility ; as with any library , it 's important to not feel like you 've locked yourself into a corner , and Dan takes great care to drive home the point that jQuery UI is empowering , not constraining .
The CSS exploration in this book was very good and it made me greedy ; I wanted to see more .
Particularly , I would have loved to have seen a chapter dedicated to the concept of authoring your own jQuery UI widgets .
Throughout the book , Dan touches on this concept , showing us were we might use a ui-widget - header or ui - widget - content class to theme our own markup , but authoring as a topic was never really fleshed out .
Of course , I have a suspicion that an exploration in authoring widgets would fill another book , not just another chapter ( hint hint ; ) ) .
Beyond the CSS framework and all that it entails ( which is something that I was particular interested in ) , the book provides exhaustive documentation of how the UI widgets and UI behaviors work .
Starting each widget with the out - of - the - box default configuration , Dan discusses what each option , callback , and event binding does and how we can leverage them to enhance the user experience .
When it comes to the UI behaviors ( drag , drop , resize , select , sort ) , which are by nature less tangible , Dan takes extra care to step through examples with increasing complexity , describing real - world scenarios in which the various behaviors might be used ( ex. maze game , task list , image viewer , Google - style portal ) .
In addition to the focused explanation of each widget and behavior , Dan also demonstrates the high - intercompatability of the various library components .
Whether it 's nesting tabbed interfaces within accordions , accordion interfaces within modal windows , date pickers as modal prompts , or applying sortability behaviors to tabbed interfaces , I was very happy to see that the underlying structure of the jQuery UI library was so well thought out that nesting one widget within another causes no complications .
Overall , jQuery UI 1.7 [ The User Interface Library For jQuery ] is a very thorough book and definitely a solid resource for anyone looking to become familiar with the ins and outs of the library .
Dan Wellman has a clear and easy - to - follow writing style and lays out his examples with increasing complexity in a way that everyone can understand .
He appears to have a good grasp on the underlying CSS framework , and in fact , this is a topic on which I 'd like to see him write a lot more .
Tweet This Deep thoughts by @ BenNadel - jQuery UI 1.7 By Dan Wellman
Woot woot — you rock the party that rocks the body !
“ Keeping our country safe : Is n’t that the first job of government ? ” said Senator Christopher S. Bond , a Republican from Missouri and the vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee .
“ If we have just a minimalist counterterrorism strategy , the Taliban will come back over the mountains from Pakistan , and they will be followed by their co-conspirators from the Al Qaeda organization . ”
Cost is far from the only concern about escalating the war .
The debate intensified last week amid disclosures that the United States ambassador to Afghanistan , Karl W. Eikenberry , had sent cables to Washington expressing his reservations about deploying additional troops , citing weak Afghan leadership and widening corruption .
That kind of doubt could also make some in Congress hesitant to support an expansion of the war , especially with the midterm elections coming next year .
Representative David R. Obey , a Democrat from Wisconsin who heads the House Appropriations Committee , said recently that sending more troops to Afghanistan could drain the Treasury and “ devour virtually any other priorities that the president or anyone in Congress had . ”
Representative John Murtha , Democrat of Pennsylvania and chairman of a subcommittee on defense appropriations , said in an interview that because of concerns about President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan , he thought a majority of the 258 Democrats in the House would vote against any bill to pay for more troops .
“ A month ago , I would have said 60 to 70 , ” he said .
“ Can you pass one ? ” Mr. Murtha said .
“ It depends on the Republicans . ”
Mr. Murtha said he opposed sending more troops , though he would support any decision Mr. Obama made .
He said he was concerned that even without a supplemental bill , total spending on the Iraq and Afghanistan wars would surge past $ 1 trillion next year , which could hamper the economy for years to come .
Others said some Republicans could find it hard to justify a yes vote on troops after criticizing Mr. Obama for his spending .
Some liberal Democrats said voters who had been drawn to Mr. Obama for his early opposition to the Iraq war could become disenchanted if he approved a major expansion in Afghanistan .
By Jonathan Fildes
Technology reporter , BBC News
Software is used to track down the suspected pirates Around 15,000 suspected pirates may soon get legal letters accusing them of illegally sharing movies and games .
ACS : Law plans to send notes to the accused in the new year offering a chance to settle out of court for " several hundreds of pounds " .
A lawyer who has defended people who have received similar letters described it as a " scattergun approach " that would catch " innocent people " .
ACS : Law said it was " unaware " of anyone who had been wrongly sent a letter .
Andrew Crossley of the firm told BBC News it was acting to " eradicate " sharing of its client 's products .
" We give them opportunity to enter into compromise right at the start to avoid having to deal with it [ in court ] , " said Mr Crossley .
If it went to court and the lawyers were successful , he said , damages " would run into several thousands of pounds " .
But consumer group
Which ?
said that it had heard from around 150 consumers who had been " wrongly accused " in similar cases .
" A lot are accused of downloading pornography , " Jaclyn Clarabut of Which ?
told BBC
News .
" People find it distressing or embarrassing and pay up . "
Others , she said , " do n't want the threat of court action " hanging over them or cannot afford to pay for a lawyer and settle the claim for the lower figure .
We estimate that commencing in the New Year we will be despatching circa 15,000 letters in relation to these two orders
Andrew Crossley
She said that based on previous experience , " a lot of people will be surprised " by the latest wave of letters .
Michael Coyle , lawyer at Southampton based firm Lawdit , described the scheme as " having very little to do with protecting the rights of the copyright holder " .
Instead , he said , it was " more to do with making money from alleging copyright infringements on a massive scale " .
He has represented several hundred clients who have received letters from ACS : Law and other firms .
None of his clients has ever been forced by a court to pay a fine , he said , although some clients had decided to settle out of court .
" This scattergun approach to the file sharing litigation will inevitably result in a large number of innocent parties being issued with a claim for copyright infringement . "
ACS : Law are " currently under investigation " by the Solicitors Regulation Authority ( SRA ) , but a spokesperson said it could not divulge any more details about the nature of the complaints .
The Law Society has also received complaints .
Mr Crossley said his firm had been targeted by an " internet campaign " and was cooperating with the inquiries .
" It does n't of itself indicate that I have done anything wrong , " he said .
" I have no qualms or concerns about what I am doing . "
Data harvest ACS : Law recently obtained two High Court orders that require ISPs to hand over the names and addresses of the account holders for 30,000 IP addresses , a number which can identify a computer on the internet .
It is currently preparing three more .
The orders were obtained on behalf of two clients : DigiProtect and MediaCat .
Which ?
say innocent people have been caught out in similar cases
Both firms are licensees of copyright work .
They act on behalf of copyright holders , including various pornography studios , to pursue alleged copyright infringements .
They use software to monitor file sharing networks to harvest IP addresses which are then turned over to law firms to get account details .
" We state that they [ the alleged file - sharers ] have made available to others via peer - to - peer file - sharing networks various products that they have rights in , " said Mr Crossley .
He said these included " games , films and music " .
" We estimate that commencing in the New Year we will be despatching circa 15,000 letters in relation to these two orders , " he said .
The letters would be used to tell the alleged " file - sharer " that they were thought to have infringed copyright .
It would also inform recipients that a claim may be made against them in court and would " invite " them " to enter into a compromise to avoid any litigation . "
The amount would vary , he said , but was typically £ 300 - 500 .
The money is split between the copyright holder , licensee , the firm monitoring IP addresses and ACS : Law , which operates on a no win , no fee basis .
' Spoof ' address Concerns have been raised about the technology used to identify IP addresses .
Which ? has highlighted various examples of innocent people accused by firms such as DigiProtect .
" Many have never heard of peer - to - peer file sharing , " said Ms Clarabut .
ILLEGAL FILE - SHARING
File - sharing is not illegal .
It only becomes illegal when users are sharing content , such as music , that is protected by copyrights
The crackdown will be aimed at people who regularly use technologies , such as BitTorrent , and websites , such as The Pirate Bay , to find and download files
There are plenty of legitimate services which use file - sharing technology such as some on - demand TV services
Q&A : Disconnecting file - sharers " Some are accused of downloading video games but never played a game in their life . "
A study published in 2008 by Which ?
highlighted the case of Scottish couple Gill and Ken Murdoch , aged 54 and 66 , who were accused of sharing a video game .
At the time , Mrs Murdoch told Which ? :
" We do not have , and have never had , any computer game or sharing software . "
The letters were sent by another law firm , which no longer represents DigiProtect .
Mr Crossley said the Murdochs had been identified because the ISP gave the lawyers the wrong information about the account .
Mr Crossley admitted the account holder may not be the person sharing files illegally .
As a result , he said , the letter , would also invite the recipient to name the person they thought was responsible .
The growing popularity of wi-fi means many people share an internet connection .
Recent studies have also shown that many people do not password protect their wi-fi connections , meaning they can be hijacked and used for nefarious means .
In addition , technology exists that can hide or " spoof " an IP address .
Mr Crossley said that " spoofing " did not apply for file sharing purposes .
Expert analysis Mr Coyle said he also had reservations about the methods used to identify people and said they had never been challenged in court by experts .
" The last thing they want is this software being examined in a court of Law - it would shoot the goose that lays the Golden Egg , " he said .
No court case has ever been fully decided from a letter sent by ACS : Law , he said .
Although Mr Crossley admitted the software had never been analysed in court , he denied it had never been scrutinised .
" Every application submitted to court is supported by an expert report , " he said .
The report was compiled by " an independent expert " and confirmed that the " data being collected is accurate " .
" That is the starting point for us , " said Mr Crossley .
" It is very important for us to be accurate .
If it is not , everything that comes from that data must be flawed . "
Similar concerns are currently being outlined to the UK government which recently outlined how it plans to tackle illegal file - sharers .
The Digital Economy bill recently had its first reading and includes a plan to disconnect persistent offenders .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date ; however , some of our partner offers may have expired .
Please review our list of best credit cards , or use our CardMatch ™ tool to find cards matched to your needs .
DAMAGE POINTS :
HOW MISTAKES AFFECT FICO SCORES Credit mistake
If your score is 680 If your score is 780 Maxed - out card Down 10 to 30 pts. Down 25 to 45 pts. 30 - day late payment Down 60 to 80 pts. Down 90 to 110 pts. Debt settlement Down 45 to 65 pts. Down 105 to 125 pts. Foreclosure Down 85 to 105 pts. Down 140 to 160 pts. Bankruptcy Down 130 to 150 pts. Down 220 to 240 pts. Source : FICO
Borrowers already knew that late payments hurt their credit scores , but for the first time , they now know the extent of that damage .
Did you max out your credit card ?
Expect a credit score drop of 10 to 45 points .
Declare bankruptcy ?
Your score will plummet by up to 240 points , and your odds of getting credit will nosedive with it .
The “ damage points ” data , unveiled Thursday by FICO , are part of the most revealing glimpse into the firm ’s once - secret — and still mysterious — credit scoring model .
The new information discloses how many points borrowers ’ scores will drop when they make the most - common mistakes .
‘ Help people understand ’ scores
“ I hope this information will help people to better understand FICO scores and the value for them of avoiding credit missteps .
It illustrates key points such as the higher your score , the farther it can fall if you stumble , ” says FICO spokesman Craig Watts .
“ Getting and maintaining a good score is n’t complicated .
We all just need to pay our bills on time , keep credit card balances low and take on new debt sparingly . ”
The greater transparency about FICO scores is important because American consumers ’ ability to get credit rises and falls with the number .
FICO , the company that pioneered credit scoring , assigns consumers a three - digit number from 300 to 850 , depending on how well they handle credit .
Other companies also offer scores , but FICO ’s version is the most widely used by lenders in determining whether a consumer can borrow , and at what rate .
FICO ’s credit score has been around for decades , but only within the past decade have consumers gradually gained access to theirs .
Though the raw numbers can be purchased , how they ’re figured remains a FICO secret , as closely guarded as the formula for Coca - Cola .
Until Thursday , FICO revealed only broad categories of factors influencing the score , but not the number of points at stake for consumers who fail to pay as agreed .
The “ damage points ” information , revealed in a report by personal finance writer Liz Pulliam Weston , is available through its myFICO.com website .
The details
FICO ’s information shows that bankruptcy does the most serious damage to a credit score ( up to 240 points ) , followed by foreclosure ( up to 160 points ) while maxing out a credit card has the least numerical impact ( as few as 10 points ) .
Those with good or excellent credit — so - called prime borrowers — put more points at risk with each mistake .
For example , someone with an average credit score of 680 who pays a bill 30 days late will see a drop of 60 to 80 points .
But for someone with an excellent credit score — 780 — that same delinquency can send a FICO score tumbling by 90 to 100 points .
The cost in dollars
In order to show just how badly a drop in your FICO score can hurt your wallet , we spoke with members of the home mortgage , auto and credit card lending industries .
We presented hypothetical scenarios of a consumer who decided to apply for a $ 200,000 , 30 - year mortgage ; a $ 20,000 , five - year auto loan and a credit card .
While all the industry insiders stressed that a FICO score is n’t the only factor in determining who gets credit and at what cost ( other factors they cited include the borrower ’s debt - to - income ratio and whether they have already established a relationship with the lender ) , they were able to provide an idea of what a borrower who had the following credit scores could expect .
Here ’s some of what they told us :
For a consumer who started with a FICO score of 780 :
Following a 30 - day late payment , the consumer ’s car loan rate would jump nearly 3 percent , costing the borrower $ 26 more each month .
Following a debt settlement , the consumer would pay as much as $ 109 more each month on a home mortgage .
For a consumer who started with a FICO score of 680 :
Following a 30 - day late payment , the consumer would pay $ 41 more each month for a car loan .
Following a 30 - day late payment , the consumer would pay as much as $ 95 more each month on a home mortgage .
Following a debt settlement , the consumer would no longer qualify for a credit card .
Here are the details ( story continues below ) :
THE REAL IMPACT OF CREDIT MISTAKES Credit mistakes can cost you real money .
In the chart below , we spell out just what the impact can be in terms of interest rates — and dollars — when you make a credit mistake that takes a bite out of your credit score .
Impact on a consumer with 780 FICO credit score Before mistake Scenario 1 :
After debt settlement Scenario 2 :
After a 30 - day late payment FICO credit score 780 665 680 Car loan APR 6.99 % 9.69 % 9.69 % Car loan monthly payment $ 395.93 $ 421.90 $ 421.90 Mortgage APR 4.875 % 5.75 % 5.25 - 5.5 %
Mortgage monthly payment $ 1,058.42 $ 1,167.15 $ 1,135.58 Credit card approved ?
Yes Yes Yes Impact on a consumer with 680 FICO credit score Before mistake Scenario 1 :
After debt settlement Scenario 2 :
After a 30 - day late payment FICO credit score 680 625 610 Car loan APR 9.69 % 9.69 % 13.79 % Car loan monthly payment $ 421.90 $ 421.90 $ 463.19 Mortgage APR 5.25-5.5 % 5.5- 5.75 % 5.75 - 6 % Mortgage monthly payment $ 1,104.41 -$ 1,135.58 $ 1,135.58 -$ 1,167.15 $ 1,167.15 -$ 1,199.10 Credit card approved ?
Yes No No Assumptions :
The above numbers assume a 5 - year car loan for $ 20,000 and a 30 - year fixed - rate mortgage for $ 200,000 .
Rate information is based on a sampling of mortgage , auto and credit card lenders around the nation as of Nov. 12 , 2009 .
Scores are based on the FICO range from 300 to 850 .
A FICO score is just one of many variables that can factor in to an institution ’s lending decisions .
Some surprised by the details
Consumer advocates say it ’s important for borrowers to know what can damage their FICO scores .
“ If they know it in advance , they wo n’t go out and step in a pile of doo - doo .
They wo n’t go out and do some of these things , ” says Linda Sherry , director of national priorities with advocacy group Consumer Action .
Even experts found some surprises in today ’s news .
“ FICO imposes bigger hits than I would have thought for being maxed out or 30 - days late just once , reinforcing my view that it is a cruder , blunter instrument than they like to claim .
Nevertheless , it is a powerful , widely used crude blunt instrument , ” says Ed Mierzwinski , consumer program director for the U.S. PIRG consumer advocacy group .
Of course , knowing the impact on a FICO score and actually avoiding these mistakes are two separate things :
Amid rising unemployment and other daily financial struggles , paying bills and staying on - track financially becomes a much bigger challenge for many borrowers .
“ Some of these things are out of their control , ” Sherry says of consumers .
Additionally , as Weston points out , consumers with identical FICO scores can have different credit histories .
That means the same slip - up — such as maxing out a credit card — could have different impacts on consumers who have the same FICO score .
In the examples they provided , FICO assumed each borrower had several active major credit cards , a mortgage , car loan and student loans .
Sherry acknowledges the benefit of putting a number to a financial blunder .
“ I do n’t think we necessarily knew the numbers that a bankruptcy could apply to a credit score , ” Sherry says .
Helping you make better decisions
While knowing the numbers may not keep you filing for bankruptcy if given no other choice , the information may help you make the best decision when faced with a bad situation .
FICO scores — and the access to credit they provide — are a valuable asset to consumers and supply a safety net when incomes are stretched .
It ’s an asset that needs to be protected , Sherry says , even if job loss or catastrophic illness makes bill paying problematic .
“ In that period of time , paying down debt is the last thing on your mind .
Paying the minimum payment may also be the last thing on your mind , but you ’ll be doing yourself a big favor if you do , ” Sherry says .
See related : A guide to the credit card reform law , Patience , persistence are keys to raising credit score , Special section :
Help for your credit score , credit report , Hard inquiries have limited credit score impact , New rules could provide millions with free credit scores , How to read FICO ’s explanations of what ’s hurting your credit score , 10 things you must know about credit scores and reports
U.S. households are slowly repairing their ( private ) balance sheet .
We ’ve a long way to go , but according to the latest Flow of Funds report , we ’re making progress .
See the chart below
As households and businesses cut debt , governments ( state and federal ) are adding debt to soften the blow .
The good news appears to be that consumers are de-levering faster than the government is re-levering , a figure I ’m trying to nail down at the moment .
More soon ….
" T- rays " may make X - rays obsolete as a means of detecting bombs on terrorists or illegal drugs on traffickers , among other uses , contends a Texas A&M physicist who is helping lay the theoretic groundwork to make the concept a reality .
In addition to being more revealing than X - rays in some situations , T - rays do not have the cumulative possible harmful effects .
Alexey Belyanin focuses his research on terahertz , otherwise known as THz or T - rays , which he says is the most under - developed and under-used part of the electromagnetic spectrum .
It lies between microwave radiation and infrared ( heat ) radiation .
Belyanin , associate professor in the Texas A&M Physics Department , has collaborated with colleagues at Rice University and the National High Magnetic Field Laboratory to publish findings about their T - ray research in the journal Nature Physics .
" THz radiation can penetrate through opaque dry materials .
It is harmless and can be used to scan humans , " Belyanin says .
" Unfortunately , until recently the progress in THz technology has been hampered by a lack of suitable sources and detectors . "
Belyanin and his team have offered hope :
The researchers are able to control the T - rays by varying external parameters like temperature or magnetic field , making it possible to build THz sensors , cameras and other devices .
Traditionally , powerful photons from visible or near - infrared laser pulses are used to probe semiconductors , knocking electrons out of the atoms .
Belyanin and collaborators use the less powerful T - rays instead , which only excite the waves in the electron gas because T - rays do not have enough energy to knock out electrons .
" This is as if instead of throwing a stone into a tank of water , which would create a lot of splashes , we gently vibrate one wall of the tank , sending a sound wave through the body of water and ripples over its surface , " he explains .
By varying temperature and the magnetic field , scientists can tune the pulses and observe the behavior of the waves .
" This provides extremely valuable and unique information about the properties of the material , just like seismic waves tell you what is in the Earth 's interior , " the Texas A&M physicist points out .
" The highlight of our results is observations of interference of magnetoplasmons .
By tiny changes in the applied magnetic field or temperature , we can make plasma waves amplify or cancel each other .
This makes the whole sample either completely opaque or transparent to the incident THz radiation . "
Belyanin believes the technology has important practical implications , such as in security work .
" Using THz cameras , we could detect weapons or drugs concealed on a human body , or look inside envelopes and boxes , " he says .
There are many other applications for THz radiation , including material studies , chemistry , biology , medicine . "
Carrie Prejean , the former Miss California , announced the “ biggest mistake of her life ” a little too early .
She seems to have 30 more “ mistakes ” in pictures and 7 in videos .
Now it makes sense , why she would settle so fast in the lawsuit where she sued the Miss California USA pageant for stripping her of the crown and then call Larry King inappropriate .
There are 30 nude photos and eight sex tapes of former Miss California Carrie Prejean , RadarOnline.com has learned exclusively .
Now a RadarOnline.com investigation has uncovered that there are SEVEN more “ biggest mistakes ” of her life – all of them solo performances , just like the one sex tape that the religious beauty queen has admitted to .
And there are 30 photos of Carrie , most topless , some showing everything , and most taken by Carrie using her reflection in a mirror .
On one tape Carrie is wearing just a flowing white blouse as she touches her own body in an alluring manner .
Carrie can be heard moaning on a few of the tapes .
In her newly released book Carrie wrote , “ God gave us our bodies , and it ’s perfectly right that we use them in ways where we can give glory to God by making our bodies , our temples of the Holy Spirit , strong and fast .
” Source : www.radaronline.com
Your ( commuter ) carriage awaits !
Thrifty Queen catches ordinary passenger train on her journey to Sandringham for Christmas
There was a buzz at King ’s Cross this morning as platform 11b began crawling with police .
Could it be a drug bust , the crowd wondered ?
Or was a rock star about to board a train ?
Then a small lady in a headscarf appeared , a handbag on one arm and a posy on the other .
Fellow passengers on the 10.45 First Capital Connect service to King ’s Lynn could n’t quite believe their eyes as the Queen stepped on board a first class carriage .
Look who I saw down the station : A fellow passenger snaps Her Majesty as she boards a First Capital Connect train at King 's Cross Station bound for King 's Lynn , Norfolk , en route to Sandringham for Christmas
The royal train : A first class ticket for the 95 - minute journey costs £ 44.40 while a standard fare is £ 27.70
‘ The Queen on a First Capital Connect – unbelievable ! ’ exclaimed Andrew Smith , who was making the same journey for a business meeting .
‘ My wife will never believe me . ’
Relatively speaking there was minimal fuss , although some travellers reacted angrily when police shut off the area without warning five minutes before the train was due to leave .
The monarch , with a few attendants , sat at the rear of the train in an eight - seat section of a carriage which was separated from the rest of the seats by a sliding glass door .
As the train pulled out she took her place by the window next to one of her protection officers and looked out at the scenery .
Britain's Queen Elizabeth II accepts a posy of flowers before she boards the train
The Queen , 83 , appeared perfectly relaxed as she chatted with her aides for the first leg of the 100 mile journey to King ’s Lynn , the nearest station to Sandringham .
But after the train ’s stop at Cambridge a secretary opened a briefcase and the Queen spent most of the rest of the journey opening and reading her Christmas cards .
Other first class passengers who tried to join her compartment were told by the four plain - clothes royal protection guards to sit in another first class section in the train .
First among equals :
The Queen looks out of the window as she sits beside a Royal Protection Officer
Only a toddler penetrated the tight security as he ran up the alleyway followed by his father and pressed his nose against the glass .
He was too small to reach the button to open the door .
But he did win a cheery smile from the Queen .
Asked by a passenger , one security guard confirmed that the Queen – and all her attendants – had bought tickets for the journey .
A first class open return bought on the day costs £ 86 , but the guard joked : ‘ It was probably a super saver advance – and she does get a discount as an OAP , remember . ’
An advance first class ticket , without the seniors ’ discount , costs £ 44.40 .
When the train arrived at King ’s Lynn at 12.20 pm sharp , the Queen was met by a Range Rover .
Face in the crowd : A police officer waits for the Queen as she gets off the train at Kings Lynn .
She travelled with the minimum of protection
She then sped away for the seven - mile journey to Sandringham , her Norfolk estate , where she will be spending Christmas with the rest of her family .
She was not accompanied by her husband , the Duke of Edinburgh , as he already made the journey a few days ago .
A First Capital Connect spokesman confirmed the Queen had not been given any special treatment and that her tickets had been purchased in advance .
A Buckingham Palace spokesman added : ‘ Members of the Royal Family , including the Queen , frequently use scheduled train services .
‘ We have to look at issues such as cost effectiveness and security but do try to when it is appropriate . ’
Italian arrests cast fresh doubt on Islamabad probe ’s integrity
Last November , two rubber dinghies carrying 10 Lashkar - e - Taiba “ fidayeen ” armed with assault rifles and explosives nudged up along the Mumbai shoreline .
One hundred and seventy - three people died , and more than 300 were injured in the carnage that followed .
In the months that have passed , evidence has been mounting that Pakistan investigators had failed to act against key perpetrators — and , worse , may have colluded in effort to help them evade justice .
During his visit to Jammu and Kashmir last month , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh made clear his dissatisfaction with the Pakistani investigation — the latest in a series of Indian high officials to do so .
“ We are not satisfied , ” he said , “ that goes without saying .
We hope Pakistan will take effective measures to bring to justice all the perpetrators of 26/11 . ”
Saturday ’s arrests in Italy have thrown up fresh evidence that muddies Pakistan ’s claims to be serious about investigating the carnage in Mumbai .
In February , 2009 , Pakistan ’s Interior Ministry chief Rehman Malik alleged that Barcelona resident Javed Iqbal was responsible for transferring funds to the United States - based voice - over - internet service used by the Lashkar to guide the assault unit that carried out the attacks .
“ Having ascertained the involvement of Javed Iqbal , ” Mr. Malik told journalists , “ we somehow lured him into coming to Pakistan and he was arrested on his arrival . ”
Pakistani investigators were reported to have discovered Mr. Iqbal ’s role in the funds transfers after examining a computer used by a key Lashkar commander , identified by the code - name Zarar Shah .
But in an exclusive interview to The Hindu , Italian counter - terrorism police chief Stefano Fonzi asserted that Mr. Iqbal had never in fact travelled to his country — and was likely a victim of identity theft .
Italy ’s crack Divisione Investigazioni Generali e Operazioni Speciali , [ Division of General Investigations and Special Operations ] arrested 60 - year - old Mohammad Yaqub Janjua and his 31 - year - old son Aamer Yaqub Janjua routing the funds through their Brescia business .
“ We discovered , ” Mr. Fonzi said , “ that the Brescia - based outfit had made several transfers using the identity of totally innocent , unsuspecting persons .
Thus there were over 300 transfers in the name of a certain Javed Iqbal , who had never even set foot in Italy ,
Mr. Fonzi also said the owners of the funds acted on instructions from two Pakistan - based individuals he was not at liberty to name .
It is unclear why Pakistan has not held the two suspects .
Missing commanders
India investigators believe that the funds trail could lead to Sajid Mir—head of the Lashkar ’s transcontinental operations , whose name has figured in investigations of terrorist cells stretching from Australia and Europe to the United States .
Many Indian investigators believe Mir , who remains at large , could in fact be Zarar Shah : the commander who guided the Mumbai assault team through the voice - over - internet connections purchased through Brescia .
Pakistani authorities have identified Sheikhupura resident Abdul Wajid as “ Zarar Shah , ” and charged him with organising these transactions .
However , Pakistan has refused to allow the FBI access to Wajid , raising suspicions that he may in fact be a relatively low - level operative .
It has also so far failed to provide Wajid ’s voice samples , which would allow them to be matched against the audio in the intercepted phone calls .
Despite an official request , Indian authorities have also been denied photographs of Wajid , which would allow the Mumbai police to confirm if he is indeed the individual known as Zarar Shah to jihadists who met him in the past — among them alleged Indian Mujahideen co-founder Sadiq Israr Sheikh .
Both Indian and U.S.investigators have also been denied access to two other key suspects , Lashkar military chief Zaki-ur - Rahman Lakhvi and his deputy , Mazhar Iqbal .
For the most part , Pakistan ’s action against the top leadership of the Lashkar has been marked by indifference .
Hafiz Mohammad Saeed , head of the Lashkar ’s parent religious - political group , the Jamaat - ud - Dawa , has never been prosecuted for leading the organisation that carried out the attacks .
Muzammil Bhat , the Lashkar ’s top military commander , remains at large , though intercepted phone calls show he remains in touch with Lashkar units across Pakistan .
In recent weeks , new leads have begun to emerge , with the arrests of Lashkar operatives Ronald Headley and Tahawwur Rana in Chicago — men India believes may have carried out pre-attack reconnaissance for the assault team .
“ But without full cooperation from Pakistan , ” a senior Indian intelligence official told The Hindu , “ it is profoundly unlikely we ’ll ever know the full picture . ”
I ’m probably not the first person to think of this , but it is amusing all the same .
That ’s screen , running in a vertical split inside Yakuake .
In case you ’ve not used it before , Yakuake is a drop - down terminal emulator that works in the same fashion as a few famous first - person shooter games .
Ordinarily it ’s not something that is particularly entertaining to me ( mostly because of the KDE underpinnings , which might be avoidable ) , but for some reason I thought it might be nice to anchor a screen session in there .
Like I said , I ’m not the first person to think of it ( I never am the first person to think of things ) , but now that it ’s in place , it ’s rather fun .
As you can see I run a Windows XP - Classic - esque desktop in Arch , and while it ’s a complete mismatch for that look , it is very nice indeed to be able to poke one button and check rtorrent or htop .
Press the same key again , and it rolls back up into the heavens , out of the way and out of sight .
Of course , Yakuake as it stands supports multiple terminal instances anyway , so screen is hardly necessary there .
Terminal emulators are just too darned flexible these days .
Adding screen or dvtm or both to a tabbed emulator is multiplying your work potential in a mind - boggling way . …
I ’ll probably uninstall Yakuake as soon as I get finished writing this , but it ’s a curious idea .
Rather than kicking out a terminal window every time I need to check rtorrent and then detaching it when I ’m done , this can just show it continuously .
My console “ screensavers ” work just fine , mouse controls are supported in mc , the vertical and horizontal splits work … everything as it ought to be .
Just appearing , and disappearing , in roller - blind fashion .
Cool . 😀
Use the links below to take action now to reform the economy .
Crack Down On Fraudclosure !
In 2010 , banks initiated 3 million foreclosure filings .
Total foreclosure filings could reach 9 million in 2011 .
In any civilized nation , the forcible migration of a city the size of New York would be treated for what it is — an economic and humanitarian catastrophe .
Attorneys General in every state are now actively investigating this FRAUDCLOSURE .
Write to the lead investigator , Attorney General Tom Miller of Iowa , today .
Send an Email Today !
Crack Down on the Casino !
Reckless Wall Street derivatives trading helped collapse the economy , costing Americans 8 million lost jobs and 14 trillion in lost wealth .
The Wall Street reform bill reins in the speculators and high rollers , bringing transparency to dark markets and forcing the big banks to put up real money behind their bets .
But now the Wall Street lobbyists are working feverishly behind the scenes to punch loopholes into the law during the agency rulemaking process .
Send a letter to let regulators know you are watching !
Take Action Now !
Produce the Note !
The Wall Street banks ’ foreclosure system is a mess .
Fraud is what created the housing bubble and economic crisis in the first place and we are not surprised that fraud is rampant in the foreclosure process .
As of today , some of the largest mortgage lenders – JPMorgan Chase , Bank of America , and GMAC ( now called Ally ) – have been forced to halt foreclosures in 23 states and growing .
We ca n’t rely on Wall Street banks to follow basic rules .
We have to hold them accountable .
Demand that the note on your mortgage and make sure all the paperwork is proper and accurate .
Demand To See Your Mortgage Note !
Social Security Works !
After collapsing the global economy and all of our 401Ks , now the Banksters and their friends are gunning for Social Security .
If you do n’t want to be eating dog food in your old age , join with Social Security Works , a new coalition of senior , labor and consumer groups as they battle the deficit commission to preserve this vital lifeline for seniors , created after the first Great Depression .
Sign the Petition to Save Social Security !
Americans for Financial Reform
Americans for Financial Reform , a coalition of 200 consumer , labor and housing groups , is tracking every move of the financial services re-regulation fight and making a difference in the halls of Congress .
Their top priority ?
Making sure that a powerful Consumer Financial Protection Agency is created to protect every American from the deceptive tricks and traps of the financial services industry .
Demand Accountability , Fairness and Security !
Book ‘ Em !
In all the time since the Bankster blew a hole in the global economy , no employee of a major American bank or financial institution is behind bars .
Compare this to what happened after the Savings and Loan heist almost 20 years ago .
No less than 1,852 S&L officials were prosecuted and 1,072 were jailed .
Over 500 CEOs and top officers were indicted .
What is going on here ?
Do n’t we believe in holding people accountable anymore ?
Tell the U.S. Department of Justice and the FBI to get cracking !
Our motto ?
TOO BIG TO FAIL , BUT NOT TOO BIG TO GO TO JAIL !
Speaker Nancy Pelosi has reportedly told fellow Democrats that she 's prepared to lose seats in 2010 if that 's what it takes to pass ObamaCare , and little wonder .
The health bill she unwrapped last Thursday , which President Obama hailed as a " critical milestone , " may well be the worst piece of post - New Deal legislation ever introduced .
In a rational political world , this 1,990 - page runaway train would have been derailed months ago .
With spending and debt already at record peacetime levels , the bill creates a new and probably ...
Each quarter the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. requires every bank in the nation to submit detailed reports about its financial condition .
This data is public .
The Investigative Reporting Workshop downloads the data files from the FDIC website to extract several key variables of bank performance .
Find a bank
" turf , slice of earth with grass on it , " mid-15 c. , apparently from Middle Dutch sode " turf , " or Middle Low German sode , both related to Old Frisian satha " sod , " all of uncertain origin .
Perhaps the notion is water saturation and the group is related to sog .
The ( old ) sod " Ireland " is from 1812 .
If it takes government stimulus money to boost the nation 's GDP , which , we 've been told , marks the end of the Great Recession , then we may have truly entered a new epoch .
One in which declining personal income , falling consumer spending ( according to Commerce Department figures announced Friday ) and double - digit unemployment make up the new normal .
So long as the government remains both the lender and spender of last resort .
These thoughts occur to me in the wake of Chronicle get - togethers over the past month with academics , labor experts , corporate and nonprofit executives and public policy mavens to discuss the current reality and future prospects of employment in the Bay Area and California .
Depressing ?
Intensely anxiety - inducing would be more accurate .
" Catastrophic " was a word commonly used by the experts to describe California 's employment picture , excepting perhaps the comparative bubble that has yet to burst in the inner Bay Area .
It will take years , maybe a decade or more , went the consensus , for California to get back to where it was .
Or maybe never .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
" We 're putting so much money into training and retraining for jobs that simply do n't exist anymore , " said Shufina English , program director at the California Association for Microenterprise Opportunity .
Her recommendation : self - employment , be your own entrepreneur .
" It 's the wave of the labor future , " she said .
That might be dismissed as an exaggerated view , except for another recent data point , one normally regarded as positive : U.S. productivity grew by 6.6 percent in the second quarter .
And many of us who are doing much more with far fewer people around us know why .
Or , as Krishna Guha put it in the Financial Times , " efficiency gains can provide an alternative to hiring . "
Which , in turn , he added , has enabled companies " to defend profits in spite of weak revenues ( which ) has supported the rebound in the stock market . "
This , plus the growing use of labor - saving technology , has made for " an unusually high proportion of so - called ' permanent ' layoffs . "
In last week 's employment roundtable at The Chronicle , San Francisco Chamber of Commerce CEO Steve Falk noted the difficulties the city 's federally funded Jobs Now program has had in getting employer buy - in , even though the program reimburses 100 percent of the wages paid to a Jobs Now participant .
" We can't get employers to participate because they do n't want to be seen raising the ' we 're hiring ' flag , " Falk said .
All part of the new normal ?
The i still has it :
Lot of talk last week about the latest " iPhone killer . "
That would be the newly introduced Droid , a co-production of Google , Verizon and Motorola .
Despite the impressive pedigree , it 's like calling Pepsi the " Coke killer . "
And I 'd wager it has little more chance than the previously hyped contender , RC Cola .
Sorry , Palm Inc.'s Pre .
Not that there is n't room for the Droid and other competitors .
Let a hundred smart phones bloom ; let a hundred schools of technology contend .
But Apple has established an unassailable brand in the market , which , by the way , now extends to China , where iPhones went on sale Friday .
Of course , world domination can always be undermined .
In China , the gray market is already busy undercutting by half the officially priced $ 1,000 32 GB 3GS .
The iPhone is far from a roaring success in India , and Apple 's exclusive U.S. deal with AT&T does have its limitations .
Both Apple and Verizon , with its superior network , are quite well aware of this last point , and it wo n't be surprising if the two come together as early as next year .
If I were in the betting business , I 'd be going long on the iPhone 's prospects against all manner of would - be killers .
Freaky Wednesday : Here 's a double feature you might want to book in advance : the world 's fourth richest man on the same bill as co-authors of just - published " SuperFreakonomics " ( sequel to the phenomenon " Freakonomics " ) .
In what promises to be " an electric evening " at the Commonwealth Club on Wednesday , Oracle CEO Larry Ellison will be " sharing his passion for innovation " ( and maybe yachting ) .
He 'll be followed by economist Steven Levitt and co-author Stephen Dubner , whose freakonomics solution to global warming , involving helium balloons and a garden hose , has set the likes of Paul Krugman 's hair on fire .
Details of Wednesday 's event available at www.commonwealthclub.org.
Parsing Treasury 's Loan Modification Report
The Treasury Dept. is out with its loan modification status report .
Officials claim the rescue program is on track , but is there something they 're holding back ?
Susan Wachter , of Wharton ; Howard Glaser , a mortgage industry consultant ; and CNBC's Diana Olick discuss .
Today sees the release of " Dante 's Inferno , " which is to say a comic book
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2009/12/09/classic-literature-adapted-into-video-games-adapted-into-comics/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ; digg_url = ' http://digg.com/comics_animation/Classic_Literature_Reimagined_as_Video_Games_and_Comics/';
based on a video game based on the first part of the 14th century epic religious poem by Dante Alighieri , which is kind of insane .
Here at ComicsAlliance , we wondered might happen if other classic texts of literature and poetry were adapted into popular video games -- and those were adapted again into comics .
Chris Murphy and Alice Parker examine the " Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock " as a Mario title , " Crime and Punishment " as " Grand Theft Auto , " and " Titus Andronicus " as " Cooking Mama , " with Photoshops by Caleb Goellner !
The Source Material - The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock
The Video Game -
At the young age of 22 T. S. Eliot published the modern masterpiece as precursor for his epic poem " The Waste Land . "
Prufrock is rich in its imagery , but seems a like a main character who delivers a stream of consciousness dramatic monologue about his failures in love .
A how - to manual for the modern hipster , the poem is picked up by Nintendo after third - wave sexuality hits Japan .
As Mario , you wonder around a seemingly endless Bowser - Castle Level while a hauntingly pale Princess Peach remains just out of reach , muttering , " No , that 's not what I meant .
That 's not what I meant at all . "
After thousands of suicides in Tokyo , the game is banned from release in America .
The Comic Adaptation - Peter David and Jae Lee return after their successful run on Steven King 's Dark Tower series , in which Prufrock kills his father , the source of his insecurity , and impregnates a silent , but grateful Peach who is always drawn with a halo of sunshine behind her billowing dress .
- A.P
The Source Material - Titus Andronicus
The Video Game - Shakespeare 's tragedy of war and revenge is translated into a hybrid game with two distinct play styles .
In the first , a stealth action game in the tradition of Metal Gear Solid or Assassin 's Creed , players take control of the titular character as he hunts down those who wronged his family and then enacts brutal revenge .
After each victim is claimed , Titus Andronicus changes to a puzzle game in the style of Nintendo 's Cooking Mama series .
Titus must prepare each corpse to suit the tastes of the victim 's unsuspecting family .
The difficulty gradually raises from infirm old men whose families enjoy basic soups to soldiers in their prime whose relations are accustomed to finely grilled meats prepared in elaborate sauces with multiple side dishes .
It 's exclusive to the Wii , with full motion controls .
And as a result of the game 's violent content combined with puzzle gameplay no one buys it despite glowing reviews .
The Comic Adaptation - Avatar decides to jump on the rights to this one , handing it over to writer Garth Ennis and artist Juan Jose Ryp. Ennis and Ryp go well beyond their previous personal best achievements in violence and gore , as with each passing issue less time is spent on plot and more is spent on multiple page long scenes with gruesome close ups of bodies being carved and eaten .
Although editors draw the line when Ennis suggests the inclusion of actual recipes starting in issue four .
The horrific violence and gore , in combination with Ryp 's artwork accidentally depicting modern Goths instead of the ancient Roman variety , results in the comic outselling the video game by a tremendous margin .
- C.M .
The Source Material - Lysistrata
The Video Game -
The classic Greek comedy by Aristophanes is a story of women organizing a campaign to withhold sex from their men in order to bring about a peaceful resolution to the Peloponnesian War .
The video game adaptation reimagines it as a real time strategy war game built around a resource management system .
But unlike other games which require the acquisition of currency or building materials in order to create a massive army , Lysistrata requires players to worry about only one thing : sex .
Each new unit created or aggressive order given results in the female population of your city state becoming a little bit more upset at the war effort .
Remain peaceful for a little while and they 'll start to forgive and forget , but do too much at once and they start to withhold sex from your troops , resulting in desertions and eventually full - on rebellion .
The game 's good , but not good enough that anyone plays it for days - long gaming sessions that end in death by dehydration .
The Comic Adaptation - Wildstorm takes the video game to comic adaptation once again , with DC bringing writer Gail Simone and artist Amanda Conner on board to give the book a creative team of two of the most noted women in mainstream comics .
The comic is told from the point of view of one woman who , upset with her boyfriend 's performance in bed , attempts to start a war between Athens and Sparta with the hope that it will start a sex strike rather than risk hurting his feelings by telling him the truth .
Following its success , Dave Sim decides to write and draw his own comic based on the original play , wherein the men learn having sex with women is n't really that great and that they get a much greater sense of self - worth from killing and military conquest .
- C.M .
The Source Material - The Time Machine
The Video Game - H.G. Wells ' seminal work of science fiction becomes an action packed first person shooter .
The novel 's time - traveling hero , carrying an arsenal of weapons gathered from across various historical eras , travels from 1895 to the far future of 2010 .
There he must combat elite soldiers , robots , ghost ninjas and cyborg mole - men , all of whom stand in the way of his ultimate goal : preventing a video game company from adapting H.G. Wells ' classic novel The Time Machine into an entirely inappropriate first person shooter .
Because really , how ridiculous is it that some video game makers are so creatively bankrupt that they turn classic pieces of literature into thematically unrelated action games out of the hope that the name recognition will someone mean more people buy their terrible game ?
The Comic Adaptation -
And then the comic adaptation is offered to Grant Morrison , who surprises pretty much everyone by accepting the job .
Paired with artist Dave McKean , Morrison takes the storyline of the game and adds another layer .
As the time traveler reaches the future , he 's met by comics writer Grant Morrison , who feeds him the inside information he needs to carry out his mission thanks to Morrison 's work as the writer of the comic adaptation of the game .
If read for more than a page at a time , the book causes severe headaches followed by nosebleeds followed by blackouts .
Unfortunately , the series is so good that comic book shop owners are forced to hire EMTs every Wednesday a new issue is released , effectively canceling out any profit it makes them .
- C.M .
The Source Material - The Upanishads
The Video Game - A collection of core teachings from the Hindu Vendanta that spans nearly two thousands years is decidedly too complicated for EA , who decides to whittle the sacred text down to a hip Indian version of " Ninja Gaiden , " complete with a techno - infused Bollywood soundtrack .
In order to enter " Nirvana " , you must take on an Indian mob boss , who ( surprise ! ) , is in cahoots with a cornucopia of demons .
Most of your adversaries have the exact same attacks as the game continues , but inflict exponentially more damage each level .
Due to the laziness on the part of the game developers , Indian gods both benevolent and malevolent are portrayed as villains .
Gods from China and Japan show up too , for no reason .
Besides attacks and level layout , the third constant is the fact that every boss has multiple arms and the ability to wield a fiery sword .
The Comic Adaptation -
While rumors spread of someone , somewhere beating the game , no one seems to see another human being accomplish the task .
EA refuses to acknowledge the game 's existence after an avalanche of lawsuits , but this does n't stop Dynamite from picking up the license .
Garth Ennis agrees to pen the hyper - violent series in which the main character kills every last Asian god before entering " Nirvana " , which turns out to be a dingy bar run by an old white man who speaks Gaelic .
Although critics consider the graphic novel to be the worst thing since Frank Miller 's " DK2 , " Zack Synder agrees to direct an upcoming film adaptation starring Tom Cruise .
- A.P .
The Source Material - Kubla Khan
The Video Game - Samuel Coleridge wrote , and finished ( or did n't , depending on your literature orientation ) " Kubla Khan : or , A Vision in a Dream : A Fragment " in 1797 , based on a kick - ass dysentery - induced opium hallucination that was interrupted part way through , causing Coleridge to forget the rest of his vision .
Anyway , the poem is a grand metaphor about the self - destructive process during the creation of art , the art itself imploding , and the all too often end result of futility .
Either way , it makes a for a super fun game in the style of Myst , where you travel around a beautiful landscape for a great deal of time only to find that there is an unknown force , probably involving dark - deity forces and / or unrequited love , that is threatening your world .
The second you gear up for battle your XBox 360 red-rings and you 're forced to take it back to Best Buy , only to have the Geek Squad claim your version is " past the in - store date quick fix " and refers you to a 1 - 800 number .
The Comic Adaptation - Due to the inevitable crash of the game , the final version of the comic by Camilla D'Errico is never colored .
An indie publisher picks it up eventually , but it remains an obscure hit only among post - intellectual manga fans and college girls who wear cat ears .
- A.P .
The Source Material - Crime and Punishment
The Video Game - Dostoyevsky 's timeless story of crime , justification for wrongdoing , and struggling with guilt is translated into a a Grand Theft Auto - like open world action game .
Players take on the role of intellectual - turned - vigilante - crime - fighter Rodion Romanovich Raskolnikov as he embarks on a self - imposed one man campaign to find the truly evil and rid the world of their influence .
Gritty 19th century St. Petersburg is recreated in exquisite detail as Raskolnikov scales rooftops and engages in moderate speed hay cart chases .
Eventually he learns to build his own steampunk inspired crime fighting gear including a black - powder netgun and a steam - driven pneumatic power axe .
Like most open - world games , the player is presented with a series of choices between good and evil actions that end up having no impact whatsoever on the game 's main plot .
The Comic Adaptation -
The go - to gritty pulp crime comic team of Ed Brubaker and Sean Phillips gets the call for this one .
Extensive research is done into the popular slang of mid 19th century urban Russia in order to get the dialogue just right .
Their miniseries see Raskolnikov getting brought in by the security forces of Czar Alexander II to infiltrate and assassinate the leader of an secret cult conspiring to bring down the government .
Told his sister is as good as dead if he fails , Raskolnikov befriends a reformed prostitute in order to get close to her boyfriend , the cult 's leader , the father of Mad Monk Grigori Rasputin .
It all ends with a final showdown in the midst of a winter thunderstorm on top of the onion domes of Saint Basil 's Cathedral .
- C.M .
Elsewhere On The Web :
The Saturday Morning Watchmen cartoon !
( Gorilla Mask )
100 MPH Lawnmower ( Neatorama )
Zombie Hooker XXX - Mas ( Adult Swim )
A transatlantic team of scientists have discovered a secondary sensory system , independent of the well - understood nervous system , hidden in the skin .
These may be at the root of inexplicable chronic pain syndromes like fibromyalgia .
" It 's almost like hearing the subtle sound of a single instrument in the midst of a symphony , " said senior author Frank Rice , PhD , a Neuroscience Professor at Albany Medical College ( AMC ) , who is a leading authority on the nerve supply to the skin .
" It is only when we shift focus away from the nerve endings associated with normal skin sensation that we can appreciate the sensation hidden in the background . "
The research team discovered this hidden sensory system by studying two unique patients who were diagnosed with a previously unknown abnormality by lead author David Bowsher , M.D. , Honorary Senior Research Fellow at the University of Liverpool 's Pain Research Institute .
These patients had an extremely rare condition called congenital insensitivity to pain , meaning that they were born with very little ability to feel pain .
Other rare individuals with this condition have excessively dry skin , often mutilate themselves accidentally and usually have severe mental handicaps …
The answer appeared to be in the presence of sensory nerve endings on the small blood vessels and sweat glands embedded in the skin .
" For many years , my colleagues and I have detected different types of nerve endings on tiny blood vessels and sweat glands , which we assumed were simply regulating blood flow and sweating .
We did n't think they could contribute to conscious sensation .
However , while all the other sensory endings were missing in this unusual skin , the blood vessels and sweat glands still had the normal types of nerve endings .
Apparently , these unique individuals are able to ' feel things ' through these remaining nerve endings , " said Dr. Rice .
" What we learned from these unusual individuals is that there 's another level of sensory feedback that can give us conscious tactile information .
Problems with these nerve endings may contribute to mysterious pain conditions such as migraine headaches and fibromyalgia , the sources of which are still unknown , making them very difficult to treat . "
Besides the snow , which the Beijing Evening News said was the earliest to hit the capital in 10 years , the cold weather and strong winds also delayed air travel from Beijing 's Capital Airport , while interrupting passenger shipping services off the coast of Shandong province in the east , Xinhua said .
by Chris Barnyard
The Press Complaints Commission has received over 1000 complaints today over Jan Moir ’s article in the Daily Mail .
She has released a statement through the PR firm Brown LLoyd James blaming an “ orchestrated campaign ” and denied her article was homophobic or bigoted .
New Media
Age magazine today confirmed that Daily Mail Online had indeed pulled ads from her article .
They reported James Bromley , Mail Online MD , as saying :
We removed the advertising within minutes of the article being published as we saw the strong reaction
This is done frequently and by other newspapers .
For example , we would n’t want a mobile phone ad next to an article about mobile phone masts .
The Press Complaints Commission admitted that their website had slowed down tremendously because of the huge backlash to the article .
Times journalist Caitlin Moran tweeted a tongue - in - cheek message saying : “ Jan Moir better pray she never needs another hair cut or interior design job again . ”
Full statement by Jan Moir ( via Ian Burrell )
Some people , particularly in the gay community , have been upset by my article about the sad death of Boyzone member Stephen Gately .
This was never my intention .
Stephen , as I pointed out in the article was a charming and sweet man who entertained millions .
However , the point of my column - which , I wonder how many of the people complaining have fully read – was to suggest that , in my honest opinion , his death raises many unanswered questions .
That was all .
Yes , anyone can die at anytime of anything .
However , it seems unlikely to me that what took place in the hours immediately preceding Gately ’s death – out all evening at a nightclub , taking illegal substances , bringing a stranger back to the flat , getting intimate with that stranger – did not have a bearing on his death .
At the very least , it could have exacerbated an underlying medical condition .
The entire matter of his sudden death seemed to have been handled with undue haste when lessons could have been learned .
On this subject , one very important point .
When I wrote that ‘he would want to set an example to any impressionable young men who may want to emulate what they might see as his glamorous routine ’ , I was referring to the drugs and the casual invitation extended to a stranger .
Not to the fact of his homosexuality .
In writing that ‘ it strikes another blow to the happy - ever - after myth of civil partnerships ’
I was suggesting that civil partnerships – the introduction of which I am on the record in supporting – have proved just to be as problematic as marriages .
In what is clearly a heavily orchestrated internet campaign I think it is mischievous in the extreme to suggest that my article has homophobic and bigoted undertones . ”
More at Journalism.co.uk
Tags
Debt Growth Exceeds Income Growth
In Q2 2009 , total debt outstanding in the United States — financial plus nonfinancial debt — amounted to 373.4 % of GDP .
[ 1 ]
At the start of 1952 , the debt - to - GDP ratio stood at only 130 % .
In fact , in the last decades the rise in total debt has increasingly outpaced nominal income — a development which gained momentum after the erosion of the last vestiges of the gold standard in the early 1970s .
The current upward dynamic of the debt - to - GDP ratio is economically unsustainable .
It can not go on forever .
To see this , let us assume that the total debt - to - GDP ratio does continue to grow at the average rate at which it has expanded from Q1 1971 to Q2 2009 ( case 1 in the chart above ) .
The total debt - to - GDP ratio would exceed 600 % at the start of 2029 and reach more than 1000 % in 2050 .
If one assumes that the total debt - to - GDP ratio will expand at the average growth rate seen from Q1 1995 to Q2 2009 ( case 2 ) , a level of 600 % would be reached as early as the middle of 2024 , and the ratio would go up further towards 1300 % by the end of 2050 .
Interest payments on total debt would rise substantially as a percentage of GDP .
If one assumes that the average interest rate was 4 % in Q2 2009 , [ 2 ] total interest payments amounted to 15 % of GDP .
In case 1 , interest payments would double by the middle of 2038 , while in case 2 this level would be reached in the middle of 2031 .
Correction Scenarios
Admittedly , we do not know how much debt relative to GDP an economy can shoulder .
And , of course , there might even be good reasons for the ratio to rise over time .
For instance , an increase in " financial intermediation " and a decline in the societal time preference ( related , for instance , to rising confidence in the protection of property rights ) might justify a higher level of loaning and borrowing in the economy .
One thing is clear , though : the level of debt relative to income cannot rise without limit .
[ 3 ]
This insight is important , given that there is strong reason to believe that the extraordinary rise in the debt - to - GDP ratio is a result of the government - controlled , fiat - money system in which the money supply is increased through bank lending .
Let us assume , for the sake of argument , that the current debt - to - GDP ratio has exceeded its sustainable level .
What are the chances that output could start expanding more strongly than debt , thereby lowering the ratio ?
This would be a rather favorable scenario , as the debt - to - GDP ratio would decline , while income and employment would increase .
Unfortunately , however , it is a rather unlikely correction scenario .
Austrian Economics teaches that a circulation - credit - fueled boom can only be sustained by ever - greater doses of credit and money expansion , provided at ever - lower interest rates .
As soon as the growth rate of credit and the money supply slows down , the illusionary upswing collapses .
Malinvestment is revealed , firms cut employment , and the economy goes into recession .
Lenders can then be expected to demand higher interest rates and / or to stop extending loans — as the outlook for the possibility of borrowers repaying their debt ( in real terms ) deteriorates .
In other words , market forces start pressing for a change in the hitherto - observed path of the total - debt - to - GDP ratio .
If commercial banks make their debtors repay their loans , the money supply declines .
A drop in the money supply , in turn , would represent deflation — and the symptoms would be declining prices for goods and services of current production , and for existing assets ( such as , for instance , stocks and real estate ) .
Deflation would lead to credit losses as a growing number of borrowers would find their incomes greatly diminished and — most importantly — falling short of expectations .
Many borrowers would default on their debt .
If credit - related losses exceed their equity base , banks go bankrupt .
Savers and investors in bank debentures would have to accept losses , as banks could not meet their debt service .
It does n't take much to see that such an outlook could trigger a " flight out of debt . "
Investors would try to dump their bonds , causing interest rates to go up .
Borrowers in need of rolling over their debt would have to accept higher refinancing rates , which would leave a growing number of investment projects unprofitable .
The mere expectation of rising credit costs would therefore make possible an anticorrection scenario .
The Anticorrection Scenario
In the anticorrection scenario , central banks — seeing an unraveling debt pyramid — would decide to prevent banks from defaulting on their debt by pushing short - term interest rates to record lows and providing additional base money for bank refinancing — by monetizing banks ' debentures and / or ( troubled ) assets .
Keeping a circulation - credit boom going requires — as Austrian economists have explained in great detail — ever - greater amounts of credit and money , provided at ever - lower interest rates .
However , credit and money cannot be increased indefinitely by the central bank and commercial banks .
In fact , it is money demand that would set a limit .
If inflation — that is , a rise in the money supply — does not exceed an unacceptable level , people may well continue to use money even if it loses its purchasing power .
If , however , inflation exceeds an acceptable level , or if people start expecting inflation to continue to rise further , the money is doomed to fail .
As Ludwig von Mises noted in 1923 ,
Once the people generally realize that the inflation will be continued on and on and that the value of the monetary unit will decline more and more , then the fate of the money is sealed .
Only the belief , that the inflation will come to a stop , maintains the value of the notes . [ 4 ]
The private sector may be able to cope with deflation ( and the ensuing redistribution of property rights ) .
The institution of government , in its current size and scope , however , cannot .
Inflation — the rise in the money supply — is an indispensable tool for financing government outlays for which the taxpayer would presumably not want to pay out of his current income .
Mises noted ,
Inflation becomes one of the most important psychological aids to an economic policy which tries to camouflage its effects .
In this sense , it may be described as a tool of antidemocratic policy .
By deceiving public opinion , it permits a system of government to continue which would have no hope of receiving the approval of the people if conditions were frankly explained to them . [ 5 ]
The effort to prevent government from defaulting on its debt — and this goal would most likely be subscribed to by the ruled class as well as the ruling class , especially under deflation — is therefore the greatest danger for the value of money .
And this is why an unsustainable debt - expansion path poses such a great danger to the exchange value of money .
Central banking makes it possible for the government to expand the money supply by any amount , at any time deemed necessary .
And once ( hyper ) inflation is publicly seen as being the lesser evil of all options available for the government meeting its debt service , it cannot be dismissed out of hand that ( hyper ) inflation would be the consequence of an unsustainable debt - to - GDP ratio .
In 1923 , Ludwig von Mises ( 1881 –1973 ) published his essay , " Stabilization of the Monetary Unit – From the Viewpoint of Theory . " [ 6 ]
In it , he not only outlined the consequences if the government continues to increase the money supply , he also outlined a monetary reform plan .
In view of today 's challenges regarding worldwide monetary affairs , Mises 's essay is as insightful and instructive today as it was back then .
Charles Babbage : The Underestimated Genius Who Invented the World ’s First Computer
Charles Babbage invented the world 's first computer .
So why is it that you 've probably never heard of him ?
They ’re among the greatest intellectuals of all time : Isaac Newton , Benjamin Franklin , Thomas Edison , and …
Charles Babbage ?
Babbage , born in 1791 , was a brilliant , but eccentric , mathematician from England , who was so far ahead of his time that he never had the chance to prove his genius in his lifetime .
But now , we know that he was the father of modern computing .
One day , while studying a book of astronomical calculations , he became frustrated when he came across numerous errors .
In those days , all calculations were performed by humans , and the potential for inaccuracies was great .
These calculations were n’t trivial : they were often used to navigate the seas , and so one wrong number could mean death for an entire crew .
When Babbage discovered a series of errors in man-made calculations , he became indignant .
“ I wish to God these calculations had been executed by steam ! ” he said .
Then , he had a brainstorm : he would create the world ’s first fully automated calculator , which he called the Difference Engine .
This was n’t the pocket - sized version you ’re used to — Babbage ’s prototype was designed to be constructed from 8,000 separate parts , weighing in at 5 tons of cast iron , steel , and bronze .
It ’s not operated with a giant battery , but with a hand crank .
Babbage ’s invention sounded revolutionary , but he would need money to construct the Difference Engine .
The British government was willing to finance his efforts for a decade , but when he still had n’t completed his giant calculator by that time , they refused to give him any more money .
He was n’t able to find another investor , and was forced to shelf the project forever .
“ He was so far ahead of his time in his thinking that many people opposed what he was trying to do on the grounds that they just did n’t understand , ” Tim Robinson , a docent at the Computer History Museum , told NPR .
But more than two centuries after Babbage came up with his idea , Doran Swade , a former curator at the Science Museum in London , decided it was high time to put Babbage ’s theory to the test .
Working only with materials and technology that would have been available in Babbage ’s day , Swade and his team spent 17 years constructing two Difference Engines , to Babbage ’s exact specifications .
And to Swade ’s delight , Babbage was proven right after all : his grandiose invention really did work .
“ I still never fail to receive pleasure from watching people ’s reaction when they first see this extraordinary spectacle , ” said Swade .
“ Their jaws literally drop . ”
Today , the huge Difference Engines are on display at the Science Museum in London and the Computer History Museum in Mountain View , California .
Visitors are able to turn the machine ’s hand crank to calculate results , and are delighted to see the low - tech monstrosity come to life .
If you get the chance , go and take a look for yourself — it may not have quite the RAM you ’re accustomed to , but this computer is one for the ages .
Learn more about Charles Babbage and his amazing invention in Charles Babbage and The Countess , by Patricia Warren .
Magone / iStock / GettyImages
From sour cream enchiladas to beef Stroganoff , you can freeze most of your favorite dishes that include sour cream .
Choose dishes that combine sour cream with other foods , and cook tortillas , noodles and other starchy ingredients until they 're just tender .
They 'll soften slightly in the freezer and become even softer once you reheat them .
Avoid freezing sour cream on its own or as a topping .
You 'll likely find the results disappointing .
Taste Test
On its own , sour cream does n't fare well in the freezer .
It becomes grainy and watery , and that tangy flavor becomes more pronounced .
However , combining sour cream with other ingredients , such as cream cheese or a can of condensed soup , helps stabilize it .
You may still notice a tangier taste , but the dish remains passable .
Quality Counts
Careful packing improves the taste and quality of any frozen food made with sour cream .
To freeze dishes with sour cream , cool the dish in the refrigerator .
Pack the food in single - serving freezer - safe boxes or bags .
To freeze a whole casserole , pack the food in a freezer - safe plastic or aluminum pan .
To use regular baking pans , line the pans with aluminum foil or freezer paper .
Put the food in the baking pan and seal the edges of the foil or paper tightly shut .
Freeze the food solid , and then remove the frozen bundle from the pan .
Label and date the bundles and stack them in the freezer .
This method takes up less room in the freezer , and it frees your baking pans up for other uses .
Safe Keeping
Freezing does n't kill bacteria , it just halts bacterial growth until you thaw the food , when it begins to multiply again .
Sour cream is perishable and should be handled with care .
Freeze any casseroles made with sour cream in a freezer set at 0 degrees Fahrenheit .
To thaw casseroles , refrigerate them overnight at 40 F .
You can also place frozen casseroles directly in the oven .
Preheat the oven to 400 F , and bake the casserole until hot and bubbly .
A meat thermometer inserted in the middle of the casserole should read 165 F .
When cooking frozen casseroles , increase the baking time by one - third to one - half .
Other Ingredients
Senate Democrats on Tuesday again accused their Republican colleagues of proposing irrelevant amendments to their chamber 's unemployment insurance bill in order to stall the proposal 's progress .
Their frustration , expressed at a party press conference this afternoon , was a clear attempt to rebuff Senate Republicans ' criticism yesterday that Democrats , in fact , were the cause of the five - week delay on a jobless benefits extension , a version of which passed the House in September .
" Remember , in years past , when we came to issues like this , there would be an agreement : OK , we can have relevant amendments , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( Nev. ) said of the unemployment insurance debate .
" They wo n't agree to that , " he added .
" They want census amendments .
They want ACORN -- I think we voted on that five times .
They want that again . "
ADVERTISEMENT
The latest round in the Senate 's battle over unemployment insurance began Monday , after Senate GOPers accused Democrats of stalling their own extension by prohibiting debate on revisions Republicans thought were essential .
Senate Republicans are currently pushing for three changes -- none of which involve ACORN , according to Republican Leader Mitch McConnell 's ( Ky. ) office .
One would fund the extension with unspent stimulus funds , rather than through an extension of the unemployment surtax , and the other two changes concern changes to the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) .
Six other provisions , including an amendment that dealt with the E - Verify program and a proposed rule about ACORN funding , have since been dropped , according to the Republican leader 's office .
" We could have passed this unemployment insurance bill last Thursday , " McConnell explained during his own press availability on Tuesday .
" I offered a consent agreement which would have given us a handful of amendments upon which we were prepared to take short time agreements , but the majority leader did n't want to have to vote on more amendments .
" So my view is , he does n't get to pick our amendments , " McConnell said of Reid 's leadership .
" What we were offering was totally reasonable .
And he did n't want to have the votes . "
Reid , however , seemed to suggest on Tuesday that Republicans were aware their amendments were mostly unrelated -- and that the party was using those proposed revisions only to stall a vote on the inevitable .
" They are only trying to delay and stall things , " Reid explained .
" We have done more legislating on voting on nongermane , nonrelevant amendments this Congress I think than any time in the history that I 've been around .
And we 've done it because the Republicans said that 's what they wanted , and I wanted to be fair . "
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 November 14
DIA Sunrise
Credit & Copyright : Neal Ulevich
Explanation :
What 's 93 million miles away and still hurts your eyes when you look at it ?
The answer is not the Denver International Airport , known to some travelers as DIA .
But DIA does appear in dramatic silhouette in the foreground of this telephoto image .
The view looks east toward the airport terminal 's characteristic multi-peaked roof and the rising October Sun .
The roof 's appearance suggests the snow - capped peaks of the region 's Rocky Mountains to the west .
As winter approaches for denizens of Denver and the northern hemisphere in general , the rising Sun will continue to move south ( image right ) in the coming days .
Of course , the Sun is 93 million miles away ...
Suppose they gave a marketing campaign , and everybody came ?
Back in September , Hasbro launched Monopoly City Streets , a massive multiplayer online game that transforms Google Maps into a globalized version of the well - known board game .
In the run-up to Christmas , the online game was supposed to promote a boxed version of the game that Hasbro sells for $ 40 list .
Three months on , however , Hasbro ’s MMOG – constructed by ad agency Tribal DDB working alongside engineers from Google Maps – achieved something unexpected .
It became vastly more popular than anyone expected .
Monopoly City Streets now ranks as the world ’s 12th - largest example of the genre , according to Matt Ross of Tribal DDB , attracting 15 billion page views a month .
Presenting his agency ’s campaign at last week ’s Creativity and Technology conference in London , Ross announced : “ We ’re trying to invent things that are useful to people .
We never know if our stuff is going to work . ”
“ Now Hasbro do n’t know what to do with it , " Ross said .
" They have a kind of new product on their hands . ”
Unexpected popularity has had unintended consequences for Hasbro .
If it scraps the game next month , as planned , it risks alienating 1.5 million registered users .
If it allows it to continue , it will need to find a way of monetizing all of those eyeballs that may cannibalize buyers of the game they want to sell who are happy enough with the online version it was supposed to promote .
Oh yeah —
Ross also noted that his agency 's wildly successful campaign was achieved with “ precisely zero media spend . "
Interesting things happen when advertising slips the moorings that have traditionally bound it to Big Media .
In particular , Hasbro ’s dilemma underlines the fact that the message - carrying capacity of traditional media has always been constrained .
As a result , media owners have always carried promotional messages to audiences on a time - limited basis .
The cost of traditional media does n’t decline appreciably during a campaign .
Accordingly , the cost of reaching new consumers increases exponentially as a campaign proceeds .
The risk of over - exposure increases , too .
Hence the advertising industry ’s traditional ability to take pride in brilliantly crafted , but transient , promotional efforts .
So what happens when scarcity - based constraints disappear ?
What happens when advertisers and their agencies produce their own campaigns and distribute them on the web ?
Attitudes change .
As permanence becomes a possibility , pride in transience starts to look questionable .
The ad campaign that Hasbro thought it was buying from Tribal DDB may yet turn into an enduring product .
In a similar vein , Anders Gustafsson of Crispin Porter Bogusky Europe told last week ’s conference : “ The stuff we ’re doing should last for years , not months . ”
Several years after adland produced its first throwaway virals , this suggests that something much larger than frustration with search engines lurks on the horizon for Big Media .
For a century or more , the advertising industry and Big Media have operated on the basis of mutual dependence .
Big Media offered unusually broad reach and attracted big budget creatives as a result .
In adland , watching your creatives play out across major media was always a mark of high seriousness .
Now this historic pact is coming under pressure .
In places , it has started to unravel .
The crude appeal of banners and buttons remains important , but long ago ceased to be at the center of the digital action .
For marketers who need to engage massive audiences , the web offers a genuine alternative to press and TV , one that allows advertisers to create their own content .
With no small sense of irony , last week ’s conference of digital creatives took place at the galleries constructed by Charles Saatchi out of the elegant hulk of the Duke Of York ’s barracks in Chelsea .
Yet the Big Media outlets that carried Saatchi ’s inspired advertising copy three decades ago merited barely a mention .
Among other things , delegates were asked to consider what might start to happen when we , our devices and the built environment become seamlessly networked .
Adam Greenfield , head of design direction at Nokia , describes one possible outcome : an urban landscape filled with “ dynamic advertising that covers every surface and knows everything about us ” .
He talks of a “ shroud of awareness ” surrounding shoppers and pedestrians with “ dynamic advertising ” constructed on the basis of “ sensor readings that record place , time and event ” .
The future of outdoor advertising has rarely looked so full of potential .
The future of Big Media has rarely looked so marginal .
Kevin Slavin , another speaker at last week ’s conference , lectures alongside Greenfield at New York University .
He is also the co-founder of Area / Code , a New York - based hotshop that develops games on behalf of agencies and advertisers .
According to Slavin , “ the idea of being able to see the value of everything all at once ” is “ grinding down ” the price that retailers in particular can charge their customers .
“ Meaning , " he claims , is shifting from physical products to the “ informatic layer ” embodied in devices and networks .
This is n’t a particularly controversial notion .
What is controversial is the conclusion drawn by Slavin : “ If you ’re in the consumer packaging and branding business , you ’re fucked . ”
Perhaps .
But ubiquitous computing also represents a further threat to the historic pact between adland and Big Media .
In the not - too - distant future , the cereal packets that contain my daughter ’s Coco Pops may carry a cheap screen , wirelessly connected to the web , that plays cartoons across the breakfast table .
As a result , BSkyB , the BBC and ITV will lose access to eyeballs .
Disintermediation of this kind is already a reality in some shopping malls , where retailers have started sending promotions to handsets carried by approaching shoppers .
According to one analyst firm , 35 start - ups and established companies across Europe are developing technology for use in such digital proximity campaigns .
This wo n’t result in the death of retail advertising in the weekend editions of national newspapers any time soon .
But there ’s more to come .
The next steps involve the gradual splicing together of three separate disciplines : mobile advertising technology , real - time search and the long - established science of retail footfall analysis .
Coincidentally , Twitter this week released its long - awaited geolocation API into the wild .
In this context , one statistic is worth noting : according to the digital ad agency Razorfish , 44 per cent of US consumers who follow a specific brand on Twitter say they do so in order to gain access to special offers .
Campaigns that cut out Big Media with a mix of gaming , location awareness and social networking are n’t yet an established fixture in adland .
But we might not have to wait too long .
The iPhone ’s crystalline screen was made for opportunities like these .
The fallout could make Rupert Murdoch ’s dispute with Google look like the proverbial storm in a teacup .
Among the digital creatives who gathered together last week , a few are already looking toward the future .
“ Now that we 've been invited to the party and have money , influence and power , ” said Ian Tait of Poke London , “ I worry we are like a bunch of kids with the keys to the sweet shop . ”
Judging by the heady optimism on display at CaT last week , Tait ’s concerns are n’t yet widely shared by his peers .
But they will be – and soon enough .
As Google knows all too well , disruptive power brings serious responsibilities in its wake .
Middle - aged parents are more involved in their grown children 's lives than ever , according to new research from Purdue University .
" We found that middle - aged parents help each of their grown children with many types of support at least every few weeks , " said Karen Fingerman , the Berner - Hanley Professor in Gerontology , Developmental and Family Studies .
" This is a dramatic increase from 20 years ago , when young adults received much less support from their parents . "
Not all grown children get the same support , and which children parents help most may surprise some people , Fingerman said .
Most people expect parents to help their youngest child or one that is struggling , but the family studies expert found that parents also are more eager to help the child they consider most successful .
" No matter which adult child receives the most support , today 's parents are helping each child with significant forms of support every few weeks , " Fingerman said .
" We 've heard a lot about helicopter parents this decade , and often the comments are negative .
Parents are giving a considerable amount of help to grown children , and they play a critical role in helping young adults make the transition from adolescence to adulthood .
" It 's a complicated world today .
An 18 - year - old just can't strike out on their own to make it like they did 100 years ago .
We 're beyond the time when the average young person could start a career by working with their hands , and then start a little business that would support them and their family .
Today 's trajectory to success requires a lot of skill and training , which comes at a cost in terms of money , time and emotional investment .
Parents help with all of that . "
Fingerman also said it can be more difficult for young adults to find life partners today , and many of them are postponing marriage until they are older .
As a result , these adult - children still benefit from parental emotional and social support .
advertisement
Fingerman and her team evaluated how more than 600 parents , ages 40 - 60 , reported they supported their individual children and for what reasons .
The forms of support included financial , helping with tasks , giving advice , emotional support , listening and participating in social activities .
The study will be published in this month 's Journal of Marriage and Family .
Children who had health or financial problems , injuries , or were victims of crime were considered needy and received a great deal of support to help address those needs .
Parents also provided considerable support to grown children they deemed successful in their own relationships and careers .
It was these children that parents enjoyed helping the most .
Parents are motivated to help their successful young - adult children because their achievements are a reflection on the parent .
After 18 years , a parent has put a lot of time and energy into raising a child .
When the child is successful , the parent feels like all that effort paid off .
And the parent feels successful , too , in their role as a parent , Fingerman said .
" Another possibility is that these middle - aged parents expect the successful child will help them during old age , " Fingerman said .
" I do n't think people are deliberately that strategic , but it is a reality that the adult - children who are better achieving will help their elderly parents more .
It 's certainly a good investment for the parents , but it's also a good investment to rescue your children who are having problems .
" While parents may want to spend more time with the successful child , they may be more likely to give financial assistance and practical support to a child who is having problems . "
The study also found that parents are not getting much in return from their children , but that is likely to change as the parents age .
These middle - aged parents are healthy and financially stable so they are not in a position of need .
The small amount of support that parents did receive from their children came from those successful offspring .
" It is expected that parents are going to give more toward their children , " Fingerman said .
" I suspect they find it rewarding or they find it very stressful if they do n't intervene .
And it does n't matter how old the child is , parents have invested a lot and it's very distressing for parents to see a child not do well . "
The National Institute of Aging and the MacArthur Network on Transitions to Adulthood funded this study .
Fingerman 's co-authors are Laura Miller , a Purdue graduate student ; Kira Birditt , the Elizabeth Douvan Research Fellow at the University of Michigan ; and Steven Zarit , professor of human development at Pennsylvania State University .
Fingerman and her team will continue looking at the support systems between middle - aged adults and their young - adult children .
For decades the celebrity - recruiting group , granted legal status as a religion in Australia in 1983 , has fought to preserve its secrets .
These include a bizarre cosmology involving the galactic dictator Xenu dumping millions of corpses in volcanoes on Earth 75 million years ago and blowing them up with 17 hydrogen bombs ( the last word in high - tech when L. Ron Hubbard founded the group in the 1950s ) .
In this schema , the souls , or '' thetans ' ' , of the dead were contaminated and in turn contaminated humans , who can be cleansed only by Scientology .
The process involves vitamins , E-meters and large sums of money .
As commentator Phillip Adams acidly observed , Hubbard launched his new '' science ' ' of dianetics in that scholarly journal Astounding Science Fiction .
The Church of Scientology around the world has just endured a very bad few months .
A French court convicted it of defrauding vulnerable members and fined it $ 1 million ; a former top executive went public with damning accounts including claims of violence by world leader David Miscavige ; Oscar - winning film director Paul Haggis resigned with some withering criticisms ; a Queensland inquest found that a soldier had killed himself after spending $ 25,000 on a month of Scientology courses ; and online encyclopedia Wikipedia banned the church and people associated with it from editing entries .
Then on Tuesday , Senator Xenophon tabled in the Senate a collection of highly damaging letters from former members and called for a Senate inquiry into the church and its activities .
He asked the Senate to investigate its tax - exempt status , occupational health and safety practices , and the adequacy of consumer protection laws in relation to its fund - raising and charges .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd felt it necessary to distance himself , saying he had concerns about the organisation .
The shocking allegations included those of coerced abortions , forced labour , obstructing justice and covering up child abuse .
Life for Scientology staff , former members wrote , featured unbearable hours , constant punishments , lack of access to medical care , and sometimes physical abuse and imprisonment .
They were at the mercy of the elite , called the Sea Org , and at constant risk of being separated from friends and family .
In her letter , Carmel Underwood told of being pressured to have an abortion , which she rejected , though others had succumbed .
Women who refused , it was said , might be put on hard labour in the hope of causing a miscarriage .
( Detheridge explains the reasoning : '' The ' right ' decision is the greatest good of the greatest number , and the only hope humanity has is Scientology .
So anything that enables a member to stay on staff and keep working is good , whereas a baby would pull you off staff . '')
Underwood said children whose parents worked for the church and who went to the Scientology school were forced to work for the church after school and saw their parents for only a couple of hours a week .
She described punishments designed to instil subservience , such as manual labour , or scrubbing an already clean bathroom with a toothbrush .
Peta O'Brien had herself assigned to the Rehabilitation Project Force ( the penal group ) so she could see her son , 17 , who had been sent there .
She did hard labour , breaking rocks with a crowbar and carting them in a wheelbarrow to make a car park at the church 's Dundas , NSW , base .
When she had cervical cancer , it was alleged , she had to pay for an operation by painting an architectural rendering of the doctor 's home , because the church , having already taken all her money , would not help .
Aaron Saxton , who rose to a senior level in the Sea Org and was sent to the US , wrote that staff were not allowed any drugs or medical attention , so he and others even pulled out their own teeth without tools or painkillers .
He wrote of kidnapping several dissident members , including forcibly confining and torturing a member who went insane and was kept on a farm in western NSW .
Saxton was involved in several violent incidents with outsiders but was not allowed to report these to police because it would breach secrecy .
He said many women were pressured to have abortions .
Church staff also used intimate information about members to silence them , or to impersonate them to cancel credit cards or plane tickets , he wrote .
Paul Schofield wrote about a Sydney scientologist who had committed suicide because of debt he had incurred making donations to the church .
He alleged that another member had systematically abused three daughters , who complained to the church , but police were not told .
Another man who molested his daughter was turned over to police only after he had fallen out with Scientology .
Ana Detheridge , Dean 's wife , wrote of physical attacks on staff , and fund - raising sessions where members were locked into rooms until targets were reached .
People had to sit for hours , being pressured to increase donations .
Why did members stay so long if life was so difficult ?
According to Dean Detheridge , the church applies intense pressure to those who want to leave , including using personal information against them .
Under a process called '' murder routine ' ' members are locked up and harassed for hours without food or rest until they give in .
'' They do intense interrogations … They ask , ' what have you done to small boys ? ' and try to get you into submission .
I was kept in a room till 4 am , but after 17 years on staff I was hardened and stuck it out . ''
He says people have an emotional investment after spending huge sums ( ' ' auditing ' ' costs up to $ 5000 for 12 ½ - hour blocks ) , and have usually lost all their non-Scientology friends and family .
The church did not answer a set of questions from The Age yesterday , but released a statement saying Senator Xenophon had abused parliamentary privilege to slander the church .
The statement said the church had suffered two years of attacks in the media , in Australia and overseas , with scuttlebutt rather than truth .
'' What is occurring here is vilification on a grand scale … Scientology is a practical religious philosophy that answers questions about life and about living .
Its tenets can be used to improve one 's own life and to help others . ''
A statement earlier in the day by Australian president Vicki Dunstan dismissed the allegations as ' ' disgruntled former members with their own agendas ' ' who were being used by the senator '' to forward his own political aspirations ' ' .
Dunstan 's line did not impress Melbourne - based cult counsellor Raphael Aron , who said it was futile to dismiss those who complain as disgruntled .
'' They are disgruntled for a reason , '' he said .
According to Aron , director of Cult - Counselling Australia and author of Cults , Terror and Mind Control , Scientology has been dealt ''a mortal blow - the most serious since their beginning in Australia .
I do n't think they can come back from this , at least not all the way . ''
Aron is wary of calling Scientology a cult , citing the group 's well - known litigiousness , but says there are many cult - like aspects .
He gets more inquiries about Scientology than any other group - several dozen a year .
He has many problems with Scientology .
Especially this : for a group claiming to have the answers to humanity 's problems , why does it not make them freely available , as other religions do ?
Why does it charge massive sums ?
Dean Detheridge yesterday found a wry sympathy for Australia 's Scientology leaders .
'' They 've probably been hit with a Sea Org mission , [ senior leaders ] who fly in from international levels .
They would be chopping heads off because the locals have f----d up big time .
They 'll be getting no sleep , working around the clock . ''
That is something he remembers well .
Loading
But he does not want to be seen as a victim .
'' All I want is for some third party to take a look at this .
Please put this in capital letters : WE NEED AN INQUIRY . ''
Barney Zwartz is religion editor .
Without fanfare or ceremony , the most celebrated scientist in the country , Stephen Hawking , quietly stepped down this week from the most prestigious post in British physics .
Hawking 's successor as Lucasian professor of mathematics at Cambridge University will be decided by committee this month , but as he moves on , leading physicists warn that Britain risks losing the next generation of great minds .
Government pressure on universities is diverting researchers away from purely intellectual problems and on to sure - fire money - making projects , physicists say .
The university 's role of pulling in and nurturing deep thinkers will be sidelined in favour of people who can turn profits by making better widgets .
The shift from " blue skies research " to more practical problems will turn gifted students with the potential to be the next Hawking or Sir Isaac Newton off science for good , physicists claim .
The Lucasian chair has been held by some of Britain 's finest scientific minds .
The tradition began in 1630 with Isaac Barrow , who founded the mathematical tools of calculus .
Newton took over in 1669 , and was followed by names such as Charles Babbage , the father of the computer , and Paul Dirac , recipient of a Nobel prize awarded for discovering antimatter .
Neil Turok , a leading theoretical physicist who worked with Hawking at Cambridge before leaving for Canada last year , said focusing on industrial applications of science and commercialisation risked ending Britain 's history of world - class thinkers .
" Giving up on that tradition of deep intellectual discovery in favour of immediate economic benefit is a huge mistake .
You lose the gem of creative , insightful , long - term thinking .
That is what Britain has done so spectacularly in the past , and to give that up is a tragedy , " Turok said .
The science minister , Lord Drayson , led calls this year for the research budget to be spent on projects most likely to bring money into Britain .
The main funding body for physics , the Science and Technology Facilities Council ( STFC ) , is reviewing research it supports with a view to giving priority to projects most likely to benefit the economy .
" The government is putting a lot of emphasis on applied research and that sends a message to young people that they do n't value the big questions in science , " said Brian Foster , head of particle physics at the University of Oxford .
" But it 's the big questions that get those people excited and into science in the first place .
There is a real danger of killing the goose that lays the golden egg . "
In May , an Institute of Physics survey of 800 students found that 90 % had been inspired into science because they wanted to do pure knowledge and curiosity - driven work in quantum theory , nuclear physics and astrophysics .
" Most students want to be the next Newton , Dirac or Hawking , " Turok said .
" They want to think for themselves on really foundational problems .
Physicists are paid barely sustenance wages for working their socks off on really hard problems .
You can't then go and tell them what they should be working on .
You must n't confine the best minds . "
Earlier this week , physicists learned that the STFC will give grants for projects for only one year , not the usual five , and that a £ 30 m black hole in budgets will hit basic research hardest .
" The legacy of great British physicists is at risk .
If these cuts go ahead , it will cause carnage inside the major research universities and Oxford is one of them .
We will very likely see physics departments close , and the prospect is bound to make good students go elsewhere , " said Foster .
Beautiful minds
The Lucasian professorship of mathematics has been held by many of Britain 's leading minds .
1669 Sir Isaac Newton , a physicist from Lincolnshire , saw that the physical laws governing the planets are the same that apply to objects on Earth .
Before exposing a gravitational force , he transformed the field of optics .
1828 Charles Babbage , born in London , designed the first automatic calculator .
1932 Paul Dirac , a Bristolian born to a Swiss father and Cornish mother , was called the British Einstein .
He married quantum theory with relativity , a problem that had perplexed great minds of the 20s , and predicted antimatter .
1979 Stephen Hawking , an Oxford - born physicist , was appointed to the post long before achieving fame with his 1988 book A Brief History of Time .
He has also predicted that black holes release radiation .
• This article was amended on 5 October 2009 .
The original said both Paul Dirac 's parents were Swiss .
This has been corrected .
Whenever three or more contrarians are gathered together , one will inevitably claim that water vapour is being unjustly neglected by ‘ IPCC ’ scientists .
“ Why is n’t water vapour acknowledged as a greenhouse gas ? ” , “ Why does anyone even care about the other greenhouse gases since water vapour is 98 % of the effect ? ” , “ Why is n’t water vapour included in climate models ? ” , “ Why is n’t included on the forcings bar charts ? ” etc .
Any mainstream scientist present will trot out the standard response that water vapour is indeed an important greenhouse gas , it is included in all climate models , but it is a feedback and not a forcing .
From personal experience , I am aware that these distinctions are not clear to many , and so here is a more in - depth response ( see also this other attempt ) .
First some basics .
Long - wave ( or thermal ) radiation is emitted from the surface of the planet and is largely absorbed in the atmosphere .
Water vapour is the principle absorber of this radiation ( and acknowledged as such by everybody ) .
But exactly how important is it ?
In terms of mass , water vapour is much more prevalent ( about 0.3 % of atmospheric mass , compared to about 0.06 % for CO 2 ) , and so is ~ 80 % of all greenhouse gases by mass ( ~90 % by volume ) .
However , the radiative importance is less ( since all molecules are not created equal ) .
One way to quantify this is to take a radiation model and remove each long - wave absorber ( principally the greenhouse gases , but also clouds and aerosols ) and see what difference it makes to the amount of long - wave absorbed .
This gives the minimum effect from each component .
The complementary calculation , using only each particular absorber in turn , gives the maximum effect .
Generally these will not be equal because of overlaps in the absorbing spectra ( i.e. radiation at a particular frequency can either be absorbed by water vapour or CO 2 ) .
Removed absorbers Fraction LW Rad. Forcing absorbed Tropo . ( W/m2 ) None 100 % 0 H 2 O 64 ( 64 , RC78 ) - 56 Clouds 84 ( 86 , RC78 ) – CO 2 91 ( 88 , RC78 ) - 23 O 3 97 ( 97 , RC78 ) Other GHG 98 - 3 H 2 O+Clouds 34 – H 2 O+CO 2 47 - 89 All except H 2 O+Clouds 85 – All except H 2 O 66 ( 60 - 70 , IPCC90 ) – All except CO 2 26 ( 25 , IPCC90 ) – All except O 3 7 – All except Other GHG 8 – All 0 % – Instant calculation , global mean , Jan. 1 , 1979 RC78 =Ramanathan and Coakley ( 1978 ) ‘ All ’ includes aerosols , O 3 and other minor gases as additional absorbers .
The table shows the instantaneous change in long - wave aborption when each component or combination of components is removed using the radiation code from the GISS GCM .
( The source code is available for those who have the patience to get it to work ) .
This is n’t a perfect calculation but it ’s quick and easy and is close enough to the right answer for our purposes .
( N.B .
This is very similar to what was done by Ramanathan and Coakley ( 1978 ) using a single column model – their numbers are in the table for reference ) .
[ Update Oct 2010 : The numbers in this post have been somewhat updated and published in Schmidt et al ( 2010 ) . ] .
Because of the overlaps , the combined changes are larger than the changes due to each individual component .
Another calculation is the instantaneous radiative forcing at the tropopause , but that is complicated for clouds , O 3 and Aerosols which have impacts on solar radiation as well as the long wave , so I only give that value for the ‘ pure ’ greenhouse gases .
The overlaps complicate things , but it ’s clear that water vapour is the single most important absorber ( between 36 % and 66 % of the greenhouse effect ) , and together with clouds makes up between 66 % and 85 % .
CO 2 alone makes up between 9 and 26 % , while the O 3 and the other minor GHG absorbers consist of up to 7 and 8 % of the effect , respectively .
The remainders and uncertainties are associated with the overlaps which could be attributed in various ways that I ’m not going to bother with here .
Making some allowance ( +/ - 5 % ) for the crudeness of my calculation , the maximum supportable number for the importance of water vapour alone is about 60 - 70 % and for water plus clouds 80 - 90 % of the present day greenhouse effect .
( Of course , using the same approach , the maximum supportable number for CO 2 is 20 - 30 % , and since that adds up to more than 100 % , there is a slight problem with such estimates ! ) .
Since we are looking at the whole of the present - day greenhouse effect ( around 33 C ) , it is not surprising that the radiative forcings are very large compared to those calculated for the changes in the forcing .
The factor of ~ 2 greater importance for water vapour compared to CO 2 is consistent with the first calculation .
So where does the oft quoted “ 98 % ” number come from ?
This proves to be a little difficult to track down .
Richard Lindzen quoted it from the IPCC ( 1990 ) report in a 1991 QJRMS review * as being the effect of water vapour and stratiform clouds alone , with CO 2 being less than 2 % .
However , after some fruitless searching I cannot find anything in the report to justify that ( anyone ? ) .
The calculations here ( and from other investigators ) do not support such a large number and I find it particularly odd that Lindzen ’s estimate does not appear to allow for any overlap .
While water vapour is indeed the most important greenhouse gas , the issue that makes it a feedback ( rather than a forcing ) is the relatively short residence time for water in the atmosphere ( around 10 days ) .
To demonstrate how quickly water reacts , I did a GCM experiment where I removed all the water in the atmosphere and waited to see how quickly it would fill up again ( through evaporation from the ocean ) .
The result is shown in the figure .
It ’s not a very exciting graph because the atmosphere fills up very quickly .
At Day 0 there is zero water , but after only 14 days , the water is back to 90 % of its normal value , and after 50 days it ’s back to within 1 % .
That ’s less than 3 months .
Compared to the residence time for perturbations to CO 2 ( decades to centuries ) or CH 4 ( a decade ) , this is a really short time .
Only the stratosphere is dry enough and with a long enough residence time ( a few years ) for the small anthropogenic inputs to be important .
In this case ( and in this case only ) those additions can be considered a forcing .
Oxidation of anthropogenic methane ( which is a major source of stratospheric water ) and , conceviably , direct deposition of water from increases in aircraft in the lower stratosphere , can increase stratospheric water and since that gives a radiative forcing effect , they do appear on the forcings bar chart ( under “ H 2 O from CH 4 “ ) .
Some scientists have argued that changes to irrigation and other land use changes ( which effect evaporation ) are also direct forcings to water vapour amounts , but I think it ’s cleaner to think of that as an indirect water vapour response to the change .
When surface temperatures change ( whether from CO 2 or solar forcing or volcanos etc. ) , you can therefore expect water vapour to adjust quickly to reflect that .
To first approximation , the water vapour adjusts to maintain constant relative humidity .
It ’s important to point out that this is a result of the models , not a built - in assumption .
Since approximately constant relative humidity implies an increase in specific humidity for an increase in air temperatures , the total amount of water vapour will increase adding to the greenhouse trapping of long - wave radiation .
This is the famed ‘ water vapour feedback ’ .
A closer look reveals that for a warming ( in the GISS model at least ) relative humidity increases slightly in the tropics , and decreases at mid latitudes .
How do we know that the magnitude of this feedback is correctly simulated ?
A good test case is the response to the Pinatubo eruption .
This caused cooling for up to 3 years after the eruption – plenty of time for water vapour to equilibriate to the cooler sea surface temperatures .
Thus if models can simulate the observed decrease of water vapour at this time , it would be a good sign that they are basically correct .
A good paper that demonstrated this was Soden et al ( 2002 ) ( and the accompanying comment by Tony DelGenio ) .
They found that using the observed volcanic aerosols as forcing the model produced very similar cooling to that observed .
Moreover , the water vapour in the total column and in the upper troposphere decreased in line with satellite observations , and helped to increase the cooling by about 60 % – in line with projections for increasing greenhouse gases .
To be sure there are still some lingering uncertainties .
Some recent data indicates that tropical upper tropopsheric water vapour does not quite keep up with constant relative humidity ( Minschwaner and Dessler , 2004 ) ( though they still found that the feedback was positive ) .
Moist convection schemes in models are constantly being refined , and it ’s possible that newer schemes will change things .
However , given the Pinatubo results , the models are probably getting the broader picture reasonably correct .
Very silly looking dog is freezing .
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANNOUNCE : dbmigrations 0.1
dbmigrations is : A library and program for the creation , management , and installation of schema updates ( called migrations ) for a relational database .
In particular , this package lets the migration author express explicit dependencies between migrations and the management tool automatically installs or reverts migrations accordingly , using transactions for safety .
This package is written to support any HDBC - supported database , although at present only PostgreSQL is fully supported .
To get started , see the included README and MOO .
TXT files and the usage output for the " moo " command .
Get it from Hackage : http://hackage.haskell.org/package/dbmigrations
Or get the source with darcs : http://repos.codevine.org/dbmigrations/
This package is motivated by the need for a framework - independent , solid tool to manage database schema changes in a clean way without assuming a linear sequence of changes assumed by existing tools .
dbmigrations lets you manage a forest of schema changes .
Future work will include an hscurses - based tool to visualize and manipulate available migrations and their dependencies and support for other database engines .
Please do n't hesitate to send patches , feedback , and criticism directly to me at drcygnus AT gmail DOT com .
I 'd like to say thanks to Josh Hoyt and Jason Dagit for suggesting improvements , providing support , and showing me how beautiful Haskell is .
Thanks !
Enjoy ! -- Jonathan Daugherty
Millions of file - sharers have responded to the entertainment industry lobby by taking measures to hide their identities .
A recent survey found that in Sweden alone , half a million Internet subscribers use anonymizing services .
The findings further suggest that tougher anti-piracy legislation will boost these numbers significantly .
As pressure from anti-piracy outfits on governments to implement strict anti-piracy laws increases , millions of file - sharers have decided to protect their privacy by going anonymous .
In Sweden alone an estimated 500,000 Internet subscribers are hiding their identities .
Many more say they will follow suit if the Government continues to toughen copyright law .
These findings are the result of the Cyber Norms sociological research project carried out by a group of Swedish researchers .
The researchers conducted a survey among Swedes aged between 15 and 25 and found that 10 percent of this group is currently taking measures against increasing online surveillance .
Måns Svensson , PhD in Sociology of Law in Lund , estimates the percentage of all Swedes who are hidden on the Internet to be as high as 6 or 7 percent .
If this figure is accurate , it means that there are more than half a million Swedes who already use a service to hide their identity .
The researchers note that file - sharing is not the only reason for people to anonymize their connection , but the results of the survey clearly show that avid file - sharers would rather hide their identities than stop downloading .
And indeed , over the past months we ’ve seen that more and more BitTorrent users are seeking ways to protect their privacy online , rendering all the newly proposed anti-piracy laws useless .
Contrary to what the anti-piracy lobby had hoped for , file - sharers are not an easy catch .
Their calls for harsher copyright legislation are only driving ‘ pirates ’ underground .
According to the Cyber Norms survey , more than half of all respondents said they would take measures to protect their identities if anti-piracy laws in Sweden are toughened , as is currently happening in the UK and France .
Currently , the most common and widely used privacy services are VPNs .
These services allow a user to connect to the Internet while hiding their own IP - address .
Millions of file - sharers around the world use services like this to prevent being tracked by anti-piracy companies , and this number is increasing rapidly .
The recently launched Itshidden service is one of the few that offer a free service in addition to premium subscriptions .
Due to its increased popularity the owners recently had to disable new registrations in order to keep the service running smoothly .
In just a few months Itshidden signed up over 100,000 members .
Other VPN services report an increase in signups too .
The anti-piracy laws currently being mulled have created a flourishing multi-million dollar ‘ online privacy ’ industry .
In recent months these services have seen a massive increase in customers , with most of them paying around $ 10 per month to prevent third parties from logging their download behavior .
Perhaps the entertainment industry should invest some time and money in creating legal and attractive alternatives to piracy .
Apparently most file - sharers are willing to pay $ 120 a year for unlimited and unhindered access .
Babies ' cries imitate their mother tongue as early as three days old German researchers say babies begin to pick up the nuances of their parents ' accents while still in the womb .
The researchers studied the cries of 60 healthy babies born to families speaking French and German .
The French newborns cried with a rising " accent " while the German babies ' cries had a falling inflection .
Writing in the journal Current Biology , they say the babies are probably trying to form a bond with their mothers by imitating them .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
The findings suggest that unborn babies are influenced by the sound of the first language that penetrates the womb .
Cry melodies
It was already known that foetuses could memorise sounds from the outside world in the last three months of pregnancy and were particularly sensitive to the contour of the melody in both music and human voices .
Earlier studies had shown that infants could match vowel sounds presented to them by adult speakers , but only from 12 weeks of age .
Kathleen Wermke from the University of Wurzburg , who led the research , said : " The dramatic finding of this study is that not only are human neonates capable of producing different cry melodies , but they prefer to produce those melody patterns that are typical for the ambient language they have heard during their foetal life .
Newborns are highly motivated to imitate their mother 's behaviour in order to attract her and hence to foster bonding
Kathleen Wermke , Unversity of Wurzburg " Contrary to orthodox interpretations , these data support the importance of human infants ' crying for seeding language development . "
Dr Wermke 's team recorded and analysed the cries of 60 healthy newborns when they were three to five days old .
Their analysis revealed clear differences in the shape of the infants ' cry melodies that corresponded to their mother tongue .
They say the babies need only well - co - ordinated respiratory - laryngeal systems to imitate melody contours and not the vocal control that develops later .
Dr Wermke said : " Newborns are highly motivated to imitate their mother 's behaviour in order to attract her and hence to foster bonding .
" Because melody contour may be the only aspect of their mother 's speech that newborns are able to imitate , this might explain why we found melody contour imitation at that early age . "
Debbie Mills , a reader in developmental cognitive neuroscience at Bangor University , said : " This is really interesting because it suggests that they are producing sounds they have heard in the womb and that means learning and that it is not an innate behaviour .
" Many of the early infant behaviours are almost like reflexes that go away after the first month and then come back later in a different form .
" It would be interesting to look at these babies after a month and see if their ability to follow the melodic contours of their language is still there . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ammassalik Island
A great place to begin a trip around the Arctic and discover more about its uncertain future is on top of this mountain above the town of Tasiilaq on Ammassalik Island .
The view seems to stretch to infinity : behind me are the ice - sharpened high peaks and glaciers of eastern Greenland , to the west lies the great ice cap and the route taken by Fridtjof Nansen in 1888 , on his way to become the first person to cross the ice all the way to western Greenland .
( Image : John McConnico )
Kong Frederik IX Land , Greenland
Once on the ice cap , I found it was not quite how Nansen first saw it .
As the climate warms and that warming is amplified in the Arctic , the ice is melting away .
Here a stream of meltwater is vanishing down a small " moulin " – a vertical shaft down into the ice .
You can hear the churning , mill - race noise of the water from far away and that helps to track them down , but they are dangerous places : one slip and you 'll never emerge from the ice cap 's underwater plumbing .
The meltwater that vanishes under the ice is helping lubricate its slow slide towards the sea and speed up its disappearance .
( Image : Alun Anderson )
Ilulissat
The result is easy to see in western Greenland .
Thanks to meltwater , and to the even bigger effect of warm seawater getting underneath the protruding snouts of glaciers , the Greenland ice is rushing towards the sea as never before , calving monster icebergs .
Of the 10 huge ice streams that drain the enormous mass of Greenland 's ice cap , the 3 - kilometre - wide Jakobshavn glacier is the greatest .
In 1992 , the glacier was logged moving at a steady 5.6 kilometres a year .
In 2000 , it suddenly accelerated to 9.5 kilometres , and by 2003 , it was roaring along at 12.5 kilometres .
Here you can see the result , with massive icebergs reaching the sea near the small town of Ilulissat .
( Image : Alun Anderson ) Advertisement
Sermilik fjord , Greenland
The speed - up in Greenland 's glaciers was n't factored into the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's 2007 report and its estimates of sea - level rise because not enough was known about it .
Now some studies estimate that Greenland 's melting may be adding 1 millimetre a year to world sea level , two - thirds of that coming from fast - moving glaciers .
A millimetre does n't seem much , but keep going for a century , add melt from other glaciers , Antarctica and the natural expansion of the sea as it warms , and a 1 - metre sea - level rise by 2100 looks easily possible .
That would threaten coastal cities and low - lying nations – and the great Greenland melt can keep going for another 1000 years or more before its 5 kilometre - thick ice has gone .
( Image : Alun Anderson )
Kong Karl Land
The sea ice is melting too , and the polar bear is its most famous victim .
At the end of summer 1993 , Arctic sea ice covered 7.5 million square kilometres ; after a catastrophic collapse in September 2007 , only 4.3 million square kilometres remained .
Since then , the area of summer ice has recovered slightly , but the ice still seems to be thinning , setting it up for another catastrophic collapse .
This self - confident female polar bear , which came across the pack ice to " hunt " the ship in which I was travelling in eastern Svalbard , is protected from hunting but not safe from climate change .
A 2007 US Geological Survey study suggests the bears in this region will be gone by 2050 .
( Image : Alun Anderson )
Moffen Island , north Svalbard
Walrus will also suffer as the ice melts .
With fearsome tusks , a walrus does n't necessarily pay much attention to passing humans , preferring to lie comfortably on the ice like a giant slug .
Singing and dancing often gets their attention , and they will swim over , sometimes coming so close you can smell their notoriously bad breath ( from eating too many clams ) .
On the Arctic 's Pacific side , where most walrus live , ice is vital because it carries mother and newborn pups on a safe platform across food - rich seas .
Now that ice is vanishing , the pups are dying from drowning , starvation and from trampling by adult walrus as they try to make an unnatural home on land .
( Image : Alun Anderson )
Alkefjellet , Spitzbergen
These Brünnich 's guillemot ( thick - billed murre ) are still safe from predators on the cliff - ledge nest sites they have used for thousands of years .
But the ice that used to be near is now melting ever further back into the central Arctic .
This is a worry because the ice - edge zone provides the best foraging ground : fresh water pours from the melting ice , floats on top of the nearby salty seawater and traps plankton close to the light where it can bloom .
The green band of productive sea can easily be spotted by satellite along the ice edge , but it is moving out of reach of nesting birds .
In some areas , it is hitting breeding success .
( Image : Alun Anderson )
Starnes fjord , Ellesmere Island
It is not just the Arctic 's animals that face change but also its people .
The terrain looks inhospitable , with ice caps spilling glaciers over the bare ground , but Inuit hunters live even here , on Ellesmere Island .
Inuit were moved to this remote area in 1953 in a controversial resettlement programme , later described by a government inquiry as the worst human rights violation in Canada 's history .
Even so , they adapted , and found seal , whale and musk ox to hunt .
Their survival is one of Inuit 's proudest stories and a continuing inspiration in their quest for self - government .
( Image : Alun Anderson )
Resolute Bay , Cornwallis Island
The descendants of those resettled Inuit live in Canada 's most northerly settlements of Grise Fiord ( population 165 ) and Resolute ( population 230 ) .
Here I had my first experience of a hunting community and of seeing bits of animals left scattered around the village in what is , after all , a giant freezer .
A couple of days earlier , I had had the magical experience of watching white beluga whales playing in shallow water alongside my inflatable Zodiac boat .
It was a shock for a southerner used to going to the supermarket to encounter them again on the beach with the tastiest part of the meat already stripped from their bodies .
( Image : Alun Anderson )
Image via Wikipedia
Reading through my Twitter stream lately is a little like stepping into a stadium full of angry , outraged birds .
Lots of protests and stirrings on both sides of the pot , peppered with a few whispers of wisdom from time to time .
Escaping the din , I open my email to find a zillion appeals to sign a zillion petitions just like the zillion I signed last week .
Couched between Dell newsletters and the latest newest appeal to surrender my name , email and address to let someone know that someone else really , really does n’t like what they ’re doing , maybe there ’s something there worth reading .
Mostly , there ’s not .
It ’s not that I dislike petitions or think they ’re worthless .
They ’re okay .
They ’re worth at least the idea of harnessing babble into a coherent message .
That ’s all good .
What ’s not good ?
The message seems to stay in the echo chamber and never quite make it beyond the petition or tweet into real life discourse .
Worse yet , despite daily claims and clamor that Democrats have the majority , all I seem to hear about is whatever the Party of Tea is shrieking that day .
From today ’s news , my questions :
Why are we still talking about Sarah Palin ?
Why are we still talking about Carrie Prejean ?
Why are we letting Bart Stupak shake his fists in real time and giving him the stage to do it ?
Why are we letting Dick Cheney shape the debate on Afghanistan ?
Why , indeed .
The mainstream media reports every non-development with breathless abandon , as though the fact that Sarah Palin thinks at all is , in itself , a breaking news development .
They report it , and will continue to report it because people talk about it , click on it , and rail about it with the corresponding link dropped into their twitter streams , guaranteeing clicks .
This drives me crazy .
Nate Silver has a post up today showing Democrats at real risk in the Congress in 2010 .
Frankly , they should be , for a number of reasons , not the least of which is their apparent inability to get anything done .
Yet , what I see most often is Democrats responding to Republicans ’ narrative , always defensive , even timid .
Why are we tiptoeing through health care reform ?
A small contingent of conservatives masquerading as Democrats should not be holding us hostage .
And still , I look at blogs and read my twitter stream and think …why are we worrying about what the tea party people say or what Newt Gingrich says or most especially , what Glenn Beck says ?
Who CARES what they say ?
They ’re irrelevant despite what appears to be their dominance on the Internet .
Why are n’t we sending Alan Grayson and Anthony Weiner and Jay Rockefeller out in front of ABC , CBS , NBC , getting them on 60 minutes , giving them the sound bite responsibilities ?
Here are some action items for Democrats and Progressives that do n’t hinge on what conservatives , Republicans or tea party activists do , or do not do :
Declare a party - wide unified moratorium on whatever spew comes out of Glenn Beck , Rush Limbaugh , Lou Dobbs , and anyone else who seeks to shift the dialogue away from what ’s truly important .
Discipline is required .
Now .
It ’s time to set aside sniping and criticism of the President and the Democratic leadership and adhere to a consistent and strong progressive message .
Define , push , and own the news cycles .
If the national conversation is n’t focused to what WE want to talk about and what WE are accomplishing , WE will fail .
It will not be focused until we get some folks out there actually speaking for us consistently on a daily basis in the mainstream , the internet and cable channels .
Enforce .
The Democratic Party platform is not some nicey - nice concept put together for the purpose of one speech at a nominating convention .
It ’s a statement of VALUES .
It means something .
It has WEIGHT .
It ’s time for the so - called leaders of this party to stand up and use that weight .
After all , voters expect you to .
It ’s why they put these Congressional clowns ( even the Conservaclowns ) in office .
Look what North Dakota Democrats did with Kent Conrad .
They gave him a reminder …if he does n’t listen , I ’m sure they ’ll be looking for a different candidate to put up in a primary against him .
GET HEALTH CARE REFORM DONE .
NOW .
Stand on the Senate and make them get the debate moving , open , closed and voted on before the end of this year .
Whatever anyone does , they can not stall .
Stalling is death .
Get Grayson and Weiner out there alongside whoever else can speak strongly for what the House has done .
Push these Senators to do the deal .
Now .
Abandon bipartisan effort .
There is none .
The only bipartisanship is between the confines of the Democratic party itself — the in - name only bluedogs , and the rest of us .
Stop kowtowing to the budget ( and yes , Mr. President , that means you , too ) and start framing debates in terms of the people suffering in this country .
We are not a bottom line .
We are the citizens of this country who elected you and we have been exploited by corporate interests and professional gamblers on Wall Street while the last administration looked the other way .
Quit worrying about deficits and start thinking about solutions .
Then start implementing them .
Let the budget hawks dither .
This is a time for action .
Bill Clinton is right , whether anyone wants to listen or not .
Killing health care reform will spell another 10 years of conservative governance in this country and consign Barack Obama to be a one - term president .
By then it wo n’t matter , because the conservatives will have completed their kingmaking of corporations and media propaganda empires .
Let the tea partiers howl .
They will anyway .
Let the Republicans posture .
They will anyway .
No matter how much is conceded to them , they will not sit down and behave like adults .
So treat them like the two - year olds they are .
Make them sit at the kids ’ table and watch the adults behave like adults , setting an example of strength and cooperative action .
Related articles by Zemanta
Former Minnesota Governor Jesse Ventura has seen some stuff that will blow your mind .
Or , at least that ’s the tagline to “ Conspiracy Theory , ” his new show on US cable station TruTV .
In episode two , the one - time wrestler and movie star goes after one of America ’s greatest sacred cows : the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
It is , as far as this reporter can tell , the first time a syndicated program on U.S. cable has given a serious look at arguments made by members of the 9/11 truth movement .
ADVERTISEMENT
In the show , Ventura speaks to key 9/11 truth figures such as former BYU professor Steven Jones and William Rodriguez , a nationally - acclaimed hero credited with saving dozens as he tried to escape from the World Trade Center towers on Sept. 11 .
Ventura explores theories ranging from the missing black box recorders to the possibility that previously - planted explosives brought down the WTC towers .
The National Institute of Standards and Technology , which investigated the WTC tower collapses , maintains there was no recovered evidence of explosive materials .
An electronic FAQ to the government ’s theory is available online .
Almost without saying , the program leans heavily toward the conspiratorial - minded .
Yet for many viewers , this may be their first exposure to such claims .
According to a TruTV press release , “ Conspiracy Theory ” hit the airwaves with the brunt of 1.6 million viewers , driving an 82 % increase in the network ’s viewership over 2008 .
In only its second week , “ Conspiracy Theory ” is TruTV ’s most successful new show launch yet .
ADVERTISEMENT
These videos are from Jesse Ventura ’s “ Conspiracy Theory ” .
( Part 1 )
( Part 2 )
ADVERTISEMENT
( Part 3 )
( Part 4 )
Score another point for peak oil proponents ...
Whistleblowers at the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) have told the Guardian newspaper ( U.K. ) that current oil inventories are being inflated to deter panic buying in a peak oil world .
The U.S. apparently was a key proponent of the scheme .
" Many inside the organisation believe that maintaining oil supplies at even 90 m to 95 m barrels a day would be impossible but there are fears that panic could spread on the financial markets if the figures were brought down further .
And the Americans fear the end of oil supremacy because it would threaten their power over access to oil resources , " he added .
A second senior IEA source , who has now left but was also unwilling to give his name , said a key rule at the organisation was that it was " imperative not to anger the Americans " but the fact was that there was not as much oil in the world as had been admitted .
" We have [ already ] entered the ' peak oil ' zone .
I think that the situation is really bad , " he added .
Link to full article :
http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2009/nov/09/peak-oil-international-energy-agency
A rumination by Suzanne Vega on technology and her hit song , Tom ’s Diner .
The song was used as a reference when Karl - Heinz Brandenberg was working on the mp3 compression method .
So Mr. Brandenberg gets a copy of the song , and puts it through the newly created MP3 .
But instead of the “ warm human voice ” there are monstrous distortions , as though the Exorcist has somehow gotten into the system , shadowing every phrase .
They spend months refining it , running “ Tom ’s Diner through the system over and over again with modifications , until it comes through clearly .
“ He wound up listening to the song thousands of times , ” the article , written by Hilmar Schmundt , continued , “ and the result was a code that was heard around the world .
When an MP3 player compresses music by anyone from Courtney Love to Kenny G , it is replicating the way that Brandenburg heard Suzanne Vega . ”
Vega once went to listen to the final mp3 version of her song .
She could not agree with Brandenberg that the track sounded “ exactly ” like the original .
Fifa has ruled out any prospect of France and the Republic of Ireland replaying their World Cup play - off match , despite the Irish justice minister , Dermot Ahern , this morning joining the Republic of Ireland assistant manager , Liam Brady , in calling for a rematch .
When contacted by the Guardian , a Fifa spokesman flatly denied the chance of a rematch , refering to Law 5 in the official rules of the game , which states that the referee has " full authority to enforce the Laws of the Game in connection with the match to which he has been appointed " , and that " the decisions of the referee regarding facts connected with play are final " .
In case there was any question whether this leaves room for doubt , the International FA Board notes that : " Facts connected with play shall include whether a goal is scored or not and the result of the match . "
The fourth assistant at the match , Martin Ingvarsson refused to be drawn today when questioned about the incident .
" We are not allowed to make any comments at all in connection to Fifa games , " he said .
Ahern was dismissive of what he perceives as Fifa 's lack of leadership and moral courage following the Thierry Henry handball which led to William Gallas 's extra - time equaliser .
" Millions of people worldwide saw it was a blatant double handball – not to mention a double offside , " Ahern said .
" We should put the powers that be in the cosy world of Fifa on the spot and demand a replay .
" They probably wo n't grant it as we are minnows in world football but let 's put them on the spot , " Ahern added , indicating that despite Fifa 's stance there may yet be an official complaint .
The minister is thought to have asked the Football Association of Ireland chief executive , John Delaney , and the vice - president , Des Casey , to demand Fifa arrange a replay .
" It 's the least we owe the thousands of devastated young fans around the country .
Otherwise , if that result remains , it reinforces the view that if you cheat you will win .
Thierry Henry has admitted handling the ball , claims he told the ref he handled it , " Ahern added .
Brady was also scathing of Fifa .
" For the dignity and integrity of football , we will go to France and play again , " he said .
" [ The Fifa president ]
Sepp Blatter goes on about fair play – let him reflect on what happened last night .
Where is football going if a team is cheated out of fair play ?
Where are we going if this decision stands ? "
EDINBURGH ( Reuters ) - A first attempt fell victim to the crisis : now in the docks of Scotland ’s ancient capital , a second - generation scarlet Sea Snake is being prepared to harness the waves of Britain ’s northern islands to generate electricity .
Workers install the interior of a wave energy converter at the Pelamis Wave Power site in Leith , Edinburgh , Scotland , September 23 , 2009 .
REUTERS / David Moir
Dwarfed by 180 meters of tubing , scores of engineers clamber over the device , which is designed to dip and ride the swelling sea with each move being converted into power to be channeled through subsea cables .
Due to be installed next spring at the European Marine Energy Center ( EMEC ) in Orkney , northern Scotland , the wave power generator was ordered by German power company E.ON , reflecting serious interest in an emerging technology which is much more expensive than offshore wind .
Interest from the utility companies is driven by regulatory requirements to cut carbon emissions from electricity generation , and it helps in a capital - intensive sector .
Venture capitalists interested in clean tech projects typically have shorter horizons for required returns than the 10 - 20 years such projects can take , so the utilities ’ deeper pockets and solid capital base are useful .
“ Our view ... is this is a 2020 market place , ” said Amaan Lafayette , E.ON ’s marine development manager .
“ We would like to see a small - scale plant of our own in water in 2015 - 2017 , built on what we are doing here .
It ’s a kind of generation we have n’t done before . ”
The World Energy Council has estimated the market potential for wave energy at more than 2,000 terawatt hours a year --- or about 10 percent of world electricity consumption -- representing capital expenditure of more than 500 billion pounds ( $ 790 billion ) .
Island nation Britain has a leading role in developing the technology for marine power , which government advisor the Carbon Trust says could in future account for 20 percent of the country ’s electricity .
The government is stepping up support as part of a 405 million pound investment in renewable energy to help its ambition of cutting carbon emissions by 80 percent by 2050 from 1990 levels , while securing energy supply .*
Slideshow ( 2 images )
Britain ’s Crown Estate , which owns the seabed within 12 nautical miles of the coast , is also holding a competition for a commercial marine energy project in Pentland Firth in northern Scotland .
Besides wave power , Britain is testing systems to extract the energy from tides : private company Marine Current Turbines Ltd ( MCT ) last year opened the world ’s first large - scale tidal turbine SeaGen in Northern Ireland .
DEVELOPING LIKE WIND
“ We are often compared to the wind industry 20 years ago , ” said Andrew Scott , project development manager at Pelamis Wave Power Ltd , which is developing the Sea Snake system , known as P2 .
Standing beside the train - sized serpent , Pelamis ’ Scott said wave power projects are taking a variety of forms , which he said was similar to the development of the wind turbine .
“ You had vertical axis , horizontal axis and every kind of shapes before the industry consolidated on what you know as acceptable average modern day turbines . ”
The Edinburgh Snake follows a pioneering commercial wave power project the company set up in Portugal last September , out of action since the collapse of Australian - based infrastructure group Babcock & Brown which held a majority share .
“ It ’s easy to develop your prototypes and models in the lab , but as soon as you put them in water , it swallows capital , ” said John Liljelund , CEO of Finnish wave energy firm AW - Energy , which just received $ 4.4 million from the European Union to develop its wave - roller concept in Portugal .
At present , industry executives say marine power costs about double that from offshore wind farms , which require investment of around 2 - 3 million euros per megawatt .
Solar panels cost about 3 - 4 million per megawatt , and solar thermal mirror power about 5 million .
UTILITY ACTION
Other utility companies involved in wave power trials include Spain ’s Iberdrola , which has a small experimental wave farm using floating buoys called “ Power Take - offs ” off the coast of northern Spain .
It is examining sites for a subsea tidal turbine project made by Norwegian company Hammerfest Strom .
Countries developing the technology besides Britain include Portugal , Ireland , Spain , South Korea and the United States : about 100 companies are vying for a share of the market , but only a handful have tested their work in the ocean .
Privately owned Pelamis has focused on wave energy since 1998 , has its own full - scale factory in Leith dock and sees more orders for the second generation in prospect .
Lafayette said E.ON examined more than 100 devices since 2001 before picking Sea Snake for its first ocean project , a three - year test : “ They have a demonstrable track record ... and commercial focus and business focus . ”
A single Sea Snake has capacity of 750 kilowatts : by around 2015 , Pelamis hopes each unit will have capacity of 20 megawatts , or enough to power about 30,000 homes .
Neither Pelamis nor E.ON would elaborate on the cost of the Sea Snake , but they said the goal is to bring it down to the level of offshore wind farms .
“ The challenge is more about getting to a place where we are comparable with other renewable technologies ...
We want to get somewhere around offshore wind , ” said Lafayette .
The Truth About the Insurance Industry
Insurers often complain that their critics do n't understand their business practices .
It would be hard to say that about Wendell Potter .
Potter , whose name sounds like that of a character in a Frank Capra movie , worked in the health insurance industry for more than 20 years .
He rose to be a senior executive at Cigna .
He was on their calls , at their board meetings , in their books .
And today , at a hearing before Sen.
Jay Rockefeller 's Commerce Committee , he testified against them .
What drove Potter from the health insurance business was , well , the health insurance business .
The industry , Potter says , is driven by " two key figures : earnings per share and the medical - loss ratio , or medical - benefit ratio , as the industry now terms it .
That is the ratio between what the company actually pays out in claims and what it has left over to cover sales , marketing , underwriting and other administrative expenses and , of course , profits . "
Think about that term for a moment :
The industry literally has a term for how much money it " loses " paying for health care .
The best way to drive down " medical - loss , " explains Potter , is to stop insuring unhealthy people .
You wo n't , after all , have to spend very much of a healthy person 's dollar on medical care because he or she wo n't need much medical care .
And the insurance industry accomplishes this through two main policies .
" One is policy rescission , " says Potter .
" They look carefully to see if a sick policyholder may have omitted a minor illness , a pre-existing condition , when applying for coverage , and then they use that as justification to cancel the policy , even if the enrollee has never missed a premium payment . "
And do n't be fooled : rescission is important to the business model .
Last week , at a hearing before the House Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigation , Rep. Bart Stupak , the committee chairman , asked three insurance industry executives if they would commit to ending rescission except in cases of intentional fraud .
" No , " they each said .
Potter also emphasized the practice known as " purging . "
This is where insurers rid themselves of unprofitable accounts by slapping them with " intentionally unrealistic rate increases . "
One famous example came when Cigna decided to drive the Entertainment Industry Group Insurance Trust in California and New Jersey off of its books .
It hit them with a rate increase that would have left some family plans costing more than $ 44,000 a year , and it gave them three months to come up with the cash .
The issue is n't that insurance companies are evil .
It 's that they need to be profitable .
They have a fiduciary responsibility to maximize profit for shareholders .
And as Potter explains , he 's watched an insurer 's stock price fall by more than 20 percent in a single day because the first - quarter medical - loss ratio had increased from 77.9 percent to 79.4 percent .
The reason we generally like markets is that the profit incentive spurs useful innovations .
But in some markets , that 's not the case .
We do n't allow a bustling market in heroin , for instance , because we do n't want a lot of innovation in heroin creation , packaging and advertising .
Are we really sure we want a bustling market in how to cleverly revoke the insurance of people who prove to be sickly ?
If you 'd like to read Potter 's testimony in full , I 've uploaded it Potter Commerce Committee written testimony - 20090624 - FINAL.pdf .
PayPal suspended the account of a white - hat hacker on Tuesday , a day after someone used his research into website authentication to publish a counterfeit certificate for the online payment processor .
" Under the Acceptable Use Policy , PayPal may not be used to send or receive payments for items that show the personal information of third parties in violation of applicable law , " company representatives wrote in an email sent to the hacker , Moxie Marlinspike .
" Please understand that this is a security measure meant to help protect you and your account .
We apologize for any inconvenience . "
The email , sent from an unmonitored PayPal address , makes no mention of the item that violates the PayPal policy .
The suspension effectively freezes more than $ 500 in the account until Marlinspike submits a signed affidavit swearing he has removed the PayPal logos from his site .
Since 2002 , Marlinspike has included a yellow donate button on the download page for a hacking tool he calls SSLSniff , and more recently he released a program called SSLStrip , which also includes the button .
But it was only after someone published counterfeit SSL certificate on Monday that PayPal took action against the account .
" This is not something I had anything to do with , and they responded by suspending my account , " Marlinspike told The Reg .
" I 've been the one trying to warn them of this in the first place . "
The account suspension is troubling because it penalizes an independent security researcher whose discoveries have already yielded important insights into secure sockets layer , one of the web 's oldest and most relied upon measures for preventing man - in - the - middle attacks .
It 's the latest action to demonize hacker tools that can be used by security professionals for good because they can also be used by criminals for bad .
It also flies in the face of the tacit approval of PayPal and its parent company , eBay , give to groups distributing dozens of other hacking tools .
No doubt , the Wireshark packet sniffer is used regularly to reveal the passwords of unsuspecting victims , and yet its purveyors accept payments by PayPal .
The same goes for the Cain & Abel and l0 phtcrack password recovery tools and Remote - Exploit.org , a group whose tag line reads : " Supplying offensive security products to the world . "
A PayPal spokeswoman said the company 's privacy policy prevented her from discussing Marlinspike 's case .
But in general , she said hacking tools are allowed in certain cases , such as when they can be used to legitimately help administrators assess the strength of user passwords .
" We do not , however , allow PayPal to be used in the sale or dissemination of tools which have the sole purpose to attack customers and illegally obtain individual customer information , " the spokeswoman , Sara Gorman , wrote in an email .
" We consider whether there is any legitimate use in helping to strengthen the defenses of one 's site when determining violation of our policy . "
She said PayPal relies on a dedicated team with " extensive experience in information security , law enforcement , financial services and risk " to make such decisions .
She did n't explain how they determined programs such as Wireshark and Cain & Abel have legitimate uses and the tools offered by Marlinspike do not .
She also did n't explain why Marlinspike 's banishment came less than 24 hours after the release of the bogus PayPal certificate .
According to a note included with the certificate 's release , Marlinspike distributed it during a training session at the Black Hat security conference in July .
The hacker confirms he offered a class to penetration testers that taught them everything they 'd need to test and carry out attacks on SSL certificates , and as part of that , he included a proof - of - concept certificate .
But he never distributed the certificate and each student signed an agreement stating the material was for evaluation purposes and was not be be publicly released , he said .
And in any event , he never used PayPal to accept payment for the class .
What 's more , the only items being distributed on the PayPal - adorned pages are SSLStrip and SSLSniff .
Bogus certificates were never available anywhere on the site , he said .
So if you 're a hacker who relies on PayPal , the not - so - subtle message is to make sure your projects steer clear of your online payment processor .
It does n't matter that you speak at the same conferences attended by the rest of the security world .
As PayPal well knows , hacker tools can be used for good or for bad , and the company has the sole discretion to choose which is which . ®
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Scientists have discovered that spring - fruiting fungi , including the morel and St George ’s mushroom are fruiting nearly three weeks earlier than they did 50 years ago .
The study , carried out by an international team of scientists , including a biologist from Royal Holloway , University of London , examines the changes in the time of spring fruiting in Norway and the UK between 1960 - 2007 .
The findings are being published in the ' Proceedings of the Royal Society ' this week and show not only how global warming has lead to the earlier fruiting of spring fungi but that climate affects the growth of organisms over much longer time scales than previously thought .
Alan Gange , Professor of Microbial Ecology , at Royal Holloway , says , “ It is well known that organisms such as birds or plants are laying or flowering earlier , due to higher prevailing temperatures in the spring .
However , we found that higher temperatures as long ago as the previous summer cause fungi to fruit earlier in the following spring . ”
These findings show the effects of climate change have an impact over longer periods than previously believed .
“ Even if we do manage to reverse climate change the effects will last longer than we previously thought , so the climate today could affect the growth of mushrooms in 18 months time ” , he said .
Many fungus species spend their lives in the soil as a fibrous mat called a mycelium .
Professor Gange believes the fungi used to be kept in check by sharp frosts earlier in the year but the lack of these frosts has meant nothing is forcing the fungi to remain dormant in the soil and so they appear earlier .
Professor Gange said , “ The entire pattern of fungal growth has changed , meaning that the vital ecosystem functions of decomposition and nutrient cycling must have speeded up considerably , as our autumns and winters have become warmer ” .
“ This means the disappearance of leaf litter and rotting of things like compost heaps happen more quickly than they used to .
In woodlands tree growth is likely to be quicker because of greater availability of nutrients . ”
Despite the contrasting climates of the UK and Norway the results were consistent between both countries because both climates have experienced warming over the winter .
Provided by Royal Holloway , University of London
Explore further Early spring in Europe matches recent climate warming
Music Hack Day Boston 2009
This is the list of hacks built during Music Hack Day Boston 2009 .
See also : Projects2010
Winning Hacks
Other Hacks
In Progress
We need help getting the top 10 songs by alot of artists .
Come help out , maybe win a new iPod :)
http://www.answerblip.com/faqabout/top-10-band-songs
IBM has expanded its server lineup with a new mainframe system designed just for Linux that may be aimed , in particular , at higher - end x86 systems .
The new system uses IBM 's specialty Linux processor and runs either Novell SUSE or Red Hat systems .
It does not use the mainframe operating system z / OS but includes mainframe management software as well as IBM 's z / Virtual Machine system .
Together , they constitute the company 's latest " solutions edition , " or what IBM says are lower - cost , integrated stacks for the mainframe .
There are two servers in the Enterprise Linux Server line , and the starting price on the lower - end model , with two processors , is $ 212,000 ; it scales up from there .
This system is intended to be competitive with large multicore systems used for virtualization consolidation .
The Linux - specific line is IBM 's latest effort to reduce the cost of its mainframe .
It 's high - end z10 Enterprise Class system can cost millions .
But several years ago , IBM started producing a smaller model , the z10 Business Class , which was initially offered at about $ 100,000 , to compete with a broader range of enterprise servers .
Reed Mullen , the System z virtualization lead product planner , said that potential customers include companies that want to virtualize a lot of systems but are n't necessarily mainframe customers .
Among the arguments that IBM will make for this system is its ability to dynamically add capacity in a running environment , Mullen said .
IBM expects to upgrade its z 10 next year , in keeping with its three - year upgrade cycle .
IBM 's mainframe sales have been off 26 % in the most recent quarter compared with the same quarter last year , and server sales have been flat across the board .
Brad Day , an analyst at Forrester Research Inc. , said IBM has been working to reduce the cost of its mainframe software , which can account for half the cost of a mainframe , including personnel , energy and maintenance .
With this new hardware , IBM likely wants to compete with x86 systems with 16 processor cores and above , he said .
Anything that lowers the life - cycle cost of the system is critical , and by focusing on Linux , IBM is " putting meat to where most of the workloads are going , " Day said .
" About half of the new growth of applications on mainframe is led by Linux . "
From Sen. Chris Dodd-- Republicans Block Dodd ’s Effort to Immediately Stop Credit Card Rate Hikes :
Senate Republicans blocked Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodds ( D - CT ) attempt to pass legislation to stop credit card interest rate hikes .
Dodd went to the Senate floor to ask for consent for the Senate to take up and pass his Credit Card Rate Freeze Act , which would prevent credit card companies from hiking interest rates , fees and finance charges on customers existing balances until Credit CARD
Act protections take effect in February .
Regrettably , Republican Senator Thad Cochran ( R - MS ) objected to Dodds request , blocking the bill from Senate passage .
Consumers obviously have a responsibility to spend within our means and to pay what we owe .
We bear that responsibility .
But the credit card industry as well has a responsibility to deal with their customers honorably .
There is nothing honorable about whats happened with these significant rate increases and fees .
Most importantly , they dont have a right to rip off American families , especially when the Congress has already gone on record opposing the very actions they 're engaging in , Dodd said on the Senate floor .
Happy Holidays from the GOP .
John Amato :
This is outrageous .
The Republicans are actually blocking freezes on credit card rate hikes as the holidays approach us ?
What would Santa say ?
Where 's the outrage from the Democrats and the Villagers ?
Will David Broder write a juicy article showing his disdain for the treatment of the American people by republicans ?
I mean he 's the ultimate bipartisan scold .
I bet if you asked the teabaggers waiting to see Sarah Palin at a book signing , they would say that it 's un-American and Socialist to stop credit card companies from raising their rates .
" That 's their right as Americans if you support freedom and the Constitution . "
Maybe Palin will write something about it on her Facebook page for the media to lap up .
You know , the Democrats are trying to use death panels on the poor credit card companies in a down economy .
That 's can't be good , right Katie ?
Digby writes :
Next year , Britain 's middle classes and the rich will face the biggest squeeze on their living standards in decades , shows research produced by accountants PricewaterhouseCoopers for The Independent .
In the build - up to what promises to be an exceptionally tough pre-Budget report this Wednesday , PwC says the typical British family ( " Middle England " ) already faces a decline of 2.4 per cent , or £ 300 a year , in its discretionary spending power , after tax , mortgages , food and other essentials .
The best - off will see their spending power cut by as much as 9 per cent , almost £ 5,000 a year , the most vicious assault on their living standards in three decades .
The impact of swingeing income tax and national insurance hikes , VAT increases , expected moves back to more normal mortgage rates and higher petrol and transport costs , thanks to the latest boom in world oil prices , will all conspire to devastate the household budgets of the better - off .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
And it may well get worse .
The research is based on existing , declared future tax plans .
Rumoured moves by the Chancellor , Alistair Darling , to " soak the rich " in this week 's pre-Budget report by reversing cuts in inheritance tax and taxing bankers ' bonuses will only add to the agony of the well - heeled .
But some ministers may be pleased to learn that the PwC research also says this " progressive " change in the distribution of incomes means that the worst - off in British society will actually see their spending power rising next year : a single mother on about £ 10,000 a year will be 2.3 per cent better off in terms of discretionary spending , about £ 130 a year .
Such a marked redistribution of income , partly engineered via the tax system , chimes well with the Government 's present political message .
John Hawksworth , the head of macroeconomics at PwC , said : " The most striking result is the sharp projected squeeze on discretionary spending for a high - earner , hit both by higher taxes and a potential marked rise in mortgage interest payments in 2011 - 12 , as well as by higher petrol prices .
This is despite them having assumed a somewhat greater increase in gross income over this period than the other households . "
He went on : " The outcome appears relatively progressive , with the highest earners being hit hardest and a single working parent being relatively well protected from the squeeze . "
A typical middle - income family , on about £ 30,000 with two young children and one partner not working , says PwC , will also see their discretionary spending squeezed due to higher mortgage interest payments and petrol costs as well as the planned rise in national insurance contribution rates from April 2011 .
But the scale of the squeeze , at 2.4 per cent , is much smaller than for a high - earner since tax rises are much less pronounced for middle - earners , and they are likely to have a significantly lower mortgage .
But they will also be hit by some marked increases in the cost of living : higher VAT , petrol prices , food bills , public transport fares and council tax will all take their toll .
The most dramatic and significant cost increase for many families , says PwC , will be in mortgages , where rates are assumed to pick up from an average of about 3 per cent in 2010 to 3.5 per cent on average in 2011 and 4.75 per cent in 2012 .
Mr Hawksworth added : " While not large in absolute terms , these increases imply much larger percentage increases in mortgage interest payments from their present low base .
This has a particularly significant effect on our high - earner , given their large mortgage , with smaller but still material effects on the discretionary spending budgets of our middle - income couple . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The best outlook is for the nation 's poorest , if they are in work , reflecting rising benefit income and the fact that these households are not affected either by tax rises or by increases in mortgage interest rates , given that many are assumed to live in rented accommodation paid for in part by housing benefit .
PwC uses the example of a single parent , with one young child in primary school , and who works part - time ( 20 hours a week ) earning the minimum wage , with their income supplemented by child benefit and tax credits .
Such shifts in the distribution of income from the rich and middle - income groups to the poor mark a reversal of the recent trend .
Although most researchers say New Labour did stop and reverse rising inequality in its first term of office , since then the trend has been less egalitarian , as it was under the Conservatives from 1979 to 1997 .
The banks could face a windfall tax whoever takes power in next year 's general election .
There was speculation last night that the Chancellor will announce details this week of Labour 's intention to tax the banks , and the shadow Chancellor , George Osborne , said yesterday that he " would not rule out " a windfall tax on banks ' profits , but would prefer reforms that prevent them from using past losses to offset their tax liabilities .
" My message is clear : when the banks start making profits again they should start paying taxes again , " Mr Osborne said .
Mr Darling confirmed yesterday that he has the power to order the Royal Bank of Scotland , which is partly nationalised , not to pay bonuses , but went on to say that he is not going to stop them altogether .
The Chancellor stressed that the finance industry employs a million people in the UK , most of them outside London , and that the Government is anxious not to damage the competitiveness of British banks .
But , on BBC's Andrew Marr Show , he added : " We are not going to be held to ransom by people who believe you can pay extraordinarily high bonuses without regard to what 's going on .
These bonuses have to be reasonable and they have to be responsible and I think everyone has to accept that . "
So how do you takeand turn it into a ?
I use a technique we call the “ ” .
Pretend like raindrops are falling on the background every 2.5 feet in a grid pattern .
I shoot a ray through the scene ’s octree to find where all the raindrops land .
This will make a simplestyle nav mesh .
The background artists specify the “ ” flag for each “ ” .
A subobject is what we call the collection of similar polygons that you can draw in one draw call .
So an artists turn off the walkable flag on subobjects that are purely visible and not meant to change the nav mesh .
A good example is to mark a small root as non-walkable so that the player does n’t pop up and down when they walk over it .
It is a little odd that theand theboth use the same subobjects for different purposes .
Every now and then you have to cut a subobject into two so you can have a walkable and non-walkable part .
This adds an extra draw call which effects render performance .
But having done this for a while , it seems like a reasonable simplification .
The bigger problem is that our scenes haveof subobjects in them , so it ’s actually a pain to set all these flags .
We have a pretty complicated tool dialog box that let you find subjects and mark them all at once .
The other really useful thing we did is to have a mode where we draw the scene with subjectsthat have certain flags sets .
This is a really easy way to see if the flags are set wrong in an area .
For a lot of the nav meshes in our game this is exactly what we do .
But we also support full 3D situations with things likethat you can walk over and under .
A simple heightmap navmesh willwork for this .
So what I do is have the raindrop not only hit the first polygon but also hit everyone polygon below .
Now things get a little more .
I have this concept of “ ” .
This is the height above a walkable surface that must be clear of other polygons .
Since my game has mostly human - sized characters I used 8 feet for my head bump height .
Here ’s an example with a bridge :
For each grid point
Find raindrop intersections
Remove all the intersections where you bump your head .
Remove all the intersections with non-walkable ( collidable ) subobjects .
For each grid square
Make navmesh squares ...
The left and right raindrops wo n’t create a navmesh point on the lower ground .
You ’ll end up with one navmesh square between the two center navmesh points under the bridge .
You ’ll also get three navmesh squares on the top of the bridge .
But wait … you might get some navmesh squares on theof the bridge too .
That ’s not what we want .
To fix this little problem , we have another flag on subobjects called “ ” .
Collidable subobjects will block navmesh points from getting created below them without allowing a navmesh point to be created on them .
I ’m a coder , so I think in .
Here ’s where we are so far :
It ’s not hard to make navmesh squares from the intersection points .
I just find 4 nearby points that are n’t too far vertically from each other .
I use 45 degrees as my limit , which is 2.5 feet between points .
Now this is all good except that some navmesh squares have collidable stuff in them that the raindrops missed . , my sneaky background artist , once put one of those old fashionedin the middle of two navmesh nodes .
The characters can’t walk through the radiator , but the raindrops did n’t hit it .
Now I could tell Calvin to move the radiator , but I do n’t like telling Calvin to take hisart and change it forreasons .
So instead I remove navmesh squares that have collidable polygons above .
I use the octree again , but this time I use a( green in the picture ) to intersect the scene .
I have to pull the box a little off the ground because I do n’t want it intersecting with rolling ground .
I make the box 1 foot above the highest corner and 8 feet tall .
He does agree , however , that " what we should be doing is to protect [ young people ] from harm at this stage of their lives " .
The Government thinks that imposing serious penalties for cannabis use is a reasonable way of achieving that goal .
So do I . Prof Nutt is entitled to take the contrary view , but he should not claim that it is merely the result of " science " : it is about as scientific as advocating that handguns should be as freely available as swimming pools , because every year , fewer children get shot than drown .
The Dalvik team have disclosed that the recently released Android 2.0 code includes the source code for a Just In Time ( JIT ) compiler for Dalvik .
A JIT compiler takes bytecodes and compiles them to native code for faster execution .
The JIT compiler in the Android Open Source Project 's release is a development snapshot and therefore is not enabled in Android 2.0 , but developers can enable it for testing when compiling the " eclair " source code .
According to Bill Buzbee , a member of the Dalvik team , the JIT has " progressed significantly " since the version included in the source code .
The released version had not been heavily tested when the snapshot of was taken and Buzbee advises developers who try it to expect some breakage .
No details were given as to when JIT compiler development is expected to be completed .
The JIT compiler is a trace - based compiler which detects hot code and then compiles that code as needed .
Minimal heap use and no need for persistent storage are features which should help the adoption of JIT into mobile devices , where the performance boost of JIT compilation has to be balanced against the cost in battery life and memory .
An early test of the JIT compiler suggested an almost tripling of speed with the JIT enabled , but the tests were micro benchmarks with easily detectable and quickly compiled tests .
( djwm )
Ballot Language and Order for the November 3rd , 2009 Constitutional Amendment Election
Please visit the Texas Legislature Online home page to obtain further information .
En Español
Proposition 1 - HJR 132
" The constitutional amendment authorizing the financing , including through tax increment financing , of the acquisition by municipalities and counties of buffer areas or open spaces adjacent to a military installation for the prevention of encroachment or for the construction of roadways , utilities , or other infrastructure to protect or promote the mission of the military installation . "
Proposition 2 - HJR 36 -1
" The constitutional amendment authorizing the legislature to provide for the ad valorem taxation of a residence homestead solely on the basis of the property 's value as a residence homestead . "
Proposition 3 - HJR 36-3
" The constitutional amendment providing for uniform standards and procedures for the appraisal of property for ad valorem tax purposes . "
Proposition 4 - HJR 14 -2
" The constitutional amendment establishing the national research university fund to enable emerging research universities in this state to achieve national prominence as major research universities and transferring the balance of the higher education fund to the national research university fund . "
Proposition 5 - HJR 36 -2
" The constitutional amendment authorizing the legislature to authorize a single board of equalization for two or more adjoining appraisal entities that elect to provide for consolidated equalizations . "
Proposition 6 - HJR 116
" The constitutional amendment authorizing the Veterans ' Land Board to issue general obligation bonds in amounts equal to or less than amounts previously authorized . "
Proposition 7 - HJR 127
" The constitutional amendment to allow an officer or enlisted member of the Texas State Guard or other state militia or military force to hold other civil offices . "
Proposition 8 - HJR 7
" The constitutional amendment authorizing the state to contribute money , property , and other resources for the establishment , maintenance , and operation of veterans hospitals in this state . "
Proposition 9 - HJR 102
" The constitutional amendment to protect the right of the public , individually and collectively , to access and use the public beaches bordering the seaward shore of the Gulf of Mexico . "
Proposition 10 - HJR 85
" The constitutional amendment to provide that elected members of the governing boards of emergency services districts may serve terms not to exceed four years . "
Proposition 11 - HJR 14 -1
" The constitutional amendment to prohibit the taking , damaging , or destroying of private property for public use unless the action is for the ownership , use , and enjoyment of the property by the State , a political subdivision of the State , the public at large , or entities granted the power of eminent domain under law or for the elimination of urban blight on a particular parcel of property , but not for certain economic development or enhancement of tax revenue purposes , and to limit the legislature 's authority to grant the power of eminent domain to an entity . "
The army chief is visiting family in the US
Sri Lanka says its army chief faces questioning by the US government , over alleged war crimes committed during the war with the Tamil Tigers .
The Sri Lankan government has told the BBC that it objects to American plans to interview General Sarath Fonseka , who is currently on a visit to the US .
The American State Department published a recent report outlining allegations of human rights abuses during the war .
The UN has previously said an inquiry is needed to determine culpability .
General Fonseka is visiting his daughters in Oklahoma , and has been asked to present himself for an interview with the Department of Homeland Security on Wednesday , reports say .
A senior Sri Lankan government source told the BBC that the US department wants him to testify against Sri Lanka 's powerful defence secretary , Gotabhaya Rajapaksa .
US officials have declined to confirm reports of the putative interview .
The US state department submitted its report to Congress in mid-October , outlining serious violations allegedly committed by Sri Lanka 's army , as well as rebels of the Tamil Tigers .
At the time , Sri Lanka said it would appoint a high - ranking independent committee to probe US claims of human rights abuses during the final phase of its civil war .
The Sri Lankan military had blamed reports of civilian deaths on the Tigers - with UN estimates of up to 6,500 killed - saying they used people as human shields .
The Sri Lankan army was accused by many at the time of indiscriminate bombardment , and using heavy weaponry in areas where civilians were present .
What Ever Happened to the “ Truth ” ?
I grew up in the 1950s and 1960s when there were just three TV channels , two local daily newspapers , a few local radio stations , and no cable or satellite TV .
There were no personal computers — let alone the Internet — and so our news sources were pretty limited .
We each picked our standard of truth for current events , but the choices were limited .
Some defined truth by Walter Cronkite , some by Huntley - Brinkley , some by the position advocated by the local newspaper or radio station .
There were people with radical views , of course : Socialists , communists , right - wing militants , and extreme environmentalists .
But these people had their own ways of communicating : low cost pamphlets , local meetings , quiet get - togethers at the homes of their members .
We ’re taught as children that there ’s a difference between a lie and the truth .
But it ’s described by our parents and teachers as such a black - and - white difference that we attach an emotional significance to the words .
“ That ’s a lie ” is not just a statement of fact — it ’s an accusation .
Liars are despised , vilified and punished .
But what is the truth ?
And what is a lie ?
Absolute Truth ?
There are few , if any , cases of absolute truth .
If I drop something , it will fall — except in space or in a rapidly descending airplane .
That balloon is red — or is it orange or magenta ?
Babies come from a man and a woman — or a test tube .
Two plus two equals four — except in certain chemical reactions where it might equal eight or even eight hundred .
We internalize our standard of truth because it simplifies life .
We ca n’t question everything around us — we would n’t be able to react fast enough to deal with what life throws at us .
So we accept certain things as truth , and we build on these truths to put together our own philosophy , our own moral code , our own way of explaining the universe .
We do this all subconsciously — we do it without even being aware that we ’re doing it .
We build a standard for truth based on our parents , our environment as children , what we ’re taught in school , and based on the “ truth ” we see reported in the press .
Finding Truth used to be Easier
When I was growing up there was little variation in what we saw in the regular press .
Big daily newspapers and the three television networks all reported pretty much the same thing .
They looked at an event and interpreted it for us .
We could disagree of course , but if we disagreed we knew that we were disagreeing with the “ mainstream media , ” and that made us view our disagreement in a different light .
We might disagree , but we knew that we were in the minority .
We knew that we had to do something to persuade others to join us .
We did n’t just accept our version of the truth as the standard .
We knew that we were opposing the standard , and that action would have to be taken to change the standard .
I never associated with any radical organizations when I was growing up , but I imagine that this would be the way that they would think .
They might think they were right and that the majority of people were wrong .
But they dedicated themselves to changing the minds of the majority .
They knew they were in the minority and they took steps to make their views known .
Today , Truth is Harder to Find
Today we have hundreds — maybe thousands — of cable and satellite TV channels .
Many of these channels offer news programs that offer interpretations of current events from their own perspective .
But that ’s just the beginning , because there are millions of Internet web sites that offer their own interpretations of current events and their own versions of reality .
Choosing your version of truth is n’t as easy now as it once was .
There is no longer a single interpretation of events that we can use as a reference point .
There is no Walter Cronkite with whom we can agree or disagree .
Now there ’s Nancy Grace , Thomas Friedman , Rush Limbaugh , Al Gore , Glenn Beck , Michael Moore , Jon Stewart , and many , many more .
And that ’s just in the United States .
Consider the opinions of Pope Benedict XVI , Gordon Brown , Hu Jintao , Desmond Tutu , Kim Jong - il , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , and Osama bin Laden .
Each of these people defines the truth for some part of the world ’s population .
Each person offers a different view of the truth .
A logical person might listen to some of these people , get an understanding of their motivations , investigate the facts and make an informed judgment on who to trust .
But who has the time to be logical ?
Few of us investigate the facts .
After all , it ’s difficult , since we never see the facts — we just see interpretations of the facts .
Once in a while we ’ll see a web site or television show that attempts to pull together evidence for something important — like global warming — but most of us lack the specialized education that ’s required to understand the difference between normal weather variation and a pronounced trend .
Even for something that ought to be easy to interpret — like whether a health care bill will or wo n’t advocate euthanasia of the elderly — the words get in the way and an already suspicious public reads more into a paragraph than was ever intended .
Conclusion
“ The truth ” is a funny concept .
We act like there ’s an absolute truth — one that ’s irrefutable and correct — and human nature compels us to build our personal philosophy on top of that absolute truth .
But in fact truth is not an absolute concept — it ’s a relative one .
What ’s true to me may not be true to you , and our behavior may be different because of our interpretations of the truth .
When I was growing up there was more consistency in our definition of truth .
There were still differences ; I ’m sure the U.S. version of the truth was vastly different from the version in the Middle East or in the U.S.S.R .
But within a single country there was more consistency .
And I attribute that consistency to a clearer differentiation between the mainstream media and the fringe groups .
There is no mainstream media any more .
Millions of Internet sites and hundreds of cable channels have leveled the playing field so that any communications medium is as mainstream as any other .
No longer is there such a thing as a fringe group — all groups are both mainstream and fringe .
This puts the responsibility for determining the standard of truth squarely on the shoulders of the individual .
Never before in history has this been the case .
Never before in history has there been equal access to so many divergent views .
Never before in history has an individual been put in a situation where he or she is pummeled with propaganda from so many directions .
And frankly , I do n’t think we ’re ready for this .
Next week : some ideas on how we can better cope with our own personal search for the truth
Sidebar :
So what does this have to do with technology or business ?
We have the same problem in business and IT on a smaller scale .
There ’s just as much debate over the “ truth ” in business and IT as there is in the world at large .
Should executive salaries be capped ?
Should marginally unethical behavior be criminalized ?
Should legislation impact IT designs ( as Sarbanes - Oxley has done ) ?
Should business drive technology or should technology lead business ?
Business and IT are not isolated from the rest of the world — they ’re a part of it .
And the same issues with absolute truth ( and the lack of it ) have a huge effect on those of us who take an active role in the leadership and strategy for business and IT .
An Example
Just as there is in politics , I see increasing polarization among advocates of various technology platforms .
In their 1984 TV ad , Apple positioned themselves as an opponent to the corporate establishment .
The Apple versus Microsoft competition has escalated in recent years not only in the Mac versus PC area but more importantly in the area of the iPhone versus everything else .
The iPhone and the Blackberry have redefined computing to require mobility .
Google has made a play for the corporate desktop using SaaS tools .
And a lot of the “ truths ” that we took for granted in the early days of IT are true no more .
Former Opposition leader Malcolm Turnbull has unleashed an attack on his successor Tony Abbott , describing his climate change position as " bullshit " .
In a strongly - worded blog entry posted this morning , Mr Turnbull personally attacks Mr Abbott for putting the party 's integrity on the line , saying Coalition climate change policy has descended into " farce " , because it does not have a policy .
He vows to cross the floor and vote for the Government 's emissions trading scheme and urges his colleagues to follow him .
Mr Abbott declined to respond to the attack at a press conference in Sydney this morning , insisting his fight was with Prime Minister Kevin Rudd .
After ousting Mr Turnbull six days ago Mr Abbott withdrew Coalition support for an emissions trading scheme and said a Coalition policy would not involve any new taxes .
But in today 's blog entry Mr Turnbull says emissions cannot be cut without a cost .
" While a shadow minister , Tony Abbott was never afraid of speaking bluntly in a manner that was at odds with Coalition policy , " he writes .
" So as I am a humble backbencher I am sure he wo n't complain if I tell a few home truths about the farce that the Coalition 's policy , or lack of policy , on climate change has descended into .
" To replace dirty coal fired power stations with cleaner gas fired ones , or renewables like wind let alone nuclear power or even coal fired power with carbon capture and storage is all going to cost money .
To get farmers to change the way they manage their land , or plant trees and vegetation all costs money .
" Somebody has to pay .
" So any suggestion that you can dramatically cut emissions without any cost is , to use a favourite term of Mr Abbott , 'bullshit . '
Moreover he knows it .
" It is not possible to criticise the new Coalition policy on climate change because it does not exist . "
Mr Turnbull goes on to describe those who backed Mr Abbott 's leadership as climate change sceptics .
" As we are being blunt , the fact is that Tony and the people who put him in his job do not want to do anything about climate change .
They do not believe in human caused global warming .
" As Tony observed on one occasion ' climate change is crap ' , or if you consider his mentor , Senator Minchin , the world is not warming , it 's cooling and the climate change issue is part of a vast left wing conspiracy to deindustrialise the world .
" The Liberal Party is currently led by people whose conviction on climate change is that it is " crap " and you do n't need to do anything about it .
Any policy that is announced will simply be a con , an environmental figleaf to cover a determination to do nothing . "
He also attacked Mr Abbott for holding contradicting views on climate change and for reneging on the deal Mr Turnbull reached with the Government to pass the ETS .
" Tony himself has in just four or five months publicly advocated the blocking of the ETS , the passing of the ETS , the amending of the ETS and if the amendments were satisfactory passing it , and now the blocking of it , " he says .
" His only redeeming virtue in this remarkable lack of conviction is that every time he announced a new position to me he would preface it with ' Mate , mate , I know I am a bit of a weather vane on this , but ...'
" We have given our opponents the irrefutable , undeniable evidence that we cannot be trusted . "
In a press conference this morning Mr Abbott brushed aside Mr Turnbull 's attack and accused Mr Rudd of running away from Mr Abbott 's proposal for a debate on climate change policy .
" My argument is with Kevin Rudd , " he said .
" Kevin Rudd thinks that the best way to save the environment is to have a tax .
I think that the best way to save the environment is to directly tackle our environmental problems .
" I 'm very disappointed that Mr Rudd seems to be running away from debate about his emissions tax .
Why is he running away from a debate ? "
Asked by reporters if Mr Turnbull had spoken directly to him , Mr Abbott replied : " I think I know where people stand on this . "
Liberal backbencher Dennis Jensen says he is " appalled " by Mr Turnbull 's attack .
" It 's taken him no time at all to undermine Mr Abbott , " he said .
Dr Jensen also expects Mr Turnbull will continue to be outspoken from the backbench .
" I think its the nature of the man .
He does n't take a beating well , " he said .
Mr Turnbull 's salvo comes amid reports that Opposition treasury spokesman Joe Hockey clashed with Mr Abbott several weeks ago over the cost of alternative climate change policies Mr Abbott was spruiking before he challenged for the leadership .
Mr Hockey is reported by Fairfax papers to have angrily claimed that Mr Abbott 's proposals would cost $ 50 billion .
Speaking on AM this morning Mr Abbott said he was considering a range of options , but the final cost would be determined by what policy will be developed .
Climate Change Minister Penny Wong says Mr Turnbull 's comments show nothing has changed in the Liberal Party .
" What we see today is both Malcolm Turnbull and Joe Hockey giving us a real insight into the chaos that is the Liberal Party climate change policy , " she told The World Today .
2012
( 2009 )
The ships are actually giant boats , and not space ships like was implied through the whole movie .
As the ships are about to set sail , the lead scientist on the ship realizes that they are about to leave thousands of humans behind to die , and gives a speech , explaning that if they leave behind all those people , they are n't saving humanity , they are destroying it , since they would start the world anew with a horribly cruel act .
The American leader refuses to let the people on board .
All of the other ships , ruled by other countries , agree to pause setting sail and open their doors to the thousands of people who did n't pay for tickets aboard the ships .
The American leader then follows and allows non-paying passengers .
Everyone rushes on board , but there is a problem .
Something is jammed in the American ship 's motors , preventing the door from closing fully , and , because of poor design , they are unable to start the engines unless the door is sealed , even though the engines are fine .
Jackson returns to the turbine room , but it is completely flooded .
He is told it is a suicide mission , but goes for it anyway .
He unjams the door , and it seals , just moments before the American ship crashes into Mount Everest .
Jackson manages to survive and everyone lives happily aboard the boats .
27 days later , they make a discovery .
All of the previous world 's tallest mountains are no longer the tallest , and , in fact , one in Africa is .
Due to the way the plates shifted , Africa was lifted several thousand feet into the air , and never flooded or received much damage at all .
All of the ships set sail for Africa , with hopes that it will be in tact and able to hold human life .
Content Rich Tooltip | Demo
This tutorial will demonstrate how to build tooltips that are powered by jQuery , with information pulled from a JSON array .
QuickFlip 2 | Demo
QuickFlip works by using an animation shortcut that is barely noticeable when flipped quickly ( hence the name ) .
This shortcut improves performance while allowing the flip effect to work smoothly with any piece of markup regardless of images , backgrounds or CSS .
Zoom Icon with jQuery & CSS | Demo
In this simple tutorial , I 'll show you how to do it in two ways : CSS way and jQuery way .
j Query Popup Bubble | Demo
Learn how to add a cool popup bubble to an RSS feed link using jQuery .
j Query PageSlide | Demo
j Query pageSlide was inspired by the UI work of Aza Raskin .
In his recent posts regarding concepts for Firefox Mobile and a mouse - based Ubiquity , Aza introduced the idea of sliding ( or " throwing " ) content aside to reveal a secondary content pane .
Expose | Demo
Expose is a JavaScript tool that exposes selected HTML elements on the page so that the surrounding elements will gradually fade out .
The exposing effect was first introduced in the overlay tool .
Usually the effect is an integral part of the program and cannot be used separately .
This tool takes the idea of exposing a little further .
j Query Slinky Slider Plugin | Demo
Slinky Slider is a jQuery plugin that loads HTML files into panels to be shown inside a nominated .
Once the panels have been loaded , all bar one are collapsed .
Spin The Wheel Plugin | Demo
JQuery.spinTheWheel.js is a plugin for jQuery .
It 's designed to create an intuitive way of selecting a value in a defined span .
Use where you want total control of the value the user can pick but where a standard slider wo n't do the trick due to a too big span .
Or just because it looks good .
j Query Bounce | Demo
This project allows the user to extend the elements on the web page ( created for use with ' textarea ' elements , but no reason why it cannot be used elsewhere ) with a bounce animation .
The disaster of “ Chimerica ” – Can both sides be losers ?
In early 2007 , Niall Ferguson coined the term “ Chimerica ” to describe the economic relationship between the United States and China .
At first , in 2007 , Ferguson said Chimerica “ seemed like a match made in heaven ” – the Chinese did the lending , the Americans the borrowing .
China and the US accounted for 40 percent of global growth from 1998 to 2007 .
Now , Ferguson has decided otherwise .
In a New York Times editorial written before Obama ’s visit to China , Ferguson says , “ Right now , Chimerica clearly serves China better than America .
Call it the 10:10 deal : the Chinese get 10 percent growth ; America gets 10 percent unemployment . ”
Ferguson is not the only Western scholar to make these points – from articles I ’ve read in the Economist to the Wall Street Journal to Reuters , there seems to be a general consensus that China could treat the US a little better , specifically through a currency revaluation .
The Western media has provided the Chinese point of view via vague and brief remarks from Chinese officials .
Until I started reading Chinese blogs on the issue , I was unclear on China ’s side of the story .
As Abraham Lincoln says , “ These men ask for just the same thing , fairness , and fairness only . ”
In such a complicated economic relationship such as the one between China and America , is there really a way to determine the “ fairness ” of the relationship ?
Zhang Hongliang is an economist that has been writing blog articles concerning China ’s economic and financial situation since 2006 and his blog articles have received widespread attention , especially for his biting criticism of “ Chimerica ” and the harm that it has done to China .
He says that Chimerica is nothing more than a cyclical continuation of a colonial - style economy .
Last week , Zhang Hongliang came to lecture at Beijing University and made the following six points about the impact of Chimerica on China :
The formation of a new pattern of industrialization :
The US enjoys the accomplishments of industrialization while China bears the burden of the negative effects of industrialization .
This means that the three disasters of the modern economy are all shifted to China : environmental pollution and the depletion of resources , overproduction , and inflation .
The formation of a new pattern of the distribution of wealth : Whatever China has , the US gets to enjoy .
This double - loop leads to the outflow of China ’s wealth and locks in China ’s poverty .
The formation of a new pattern of economic development : China has become the international milking cow and the world ’s garage .
In terms of the economy : foreign trade accounts for two - thirds of China ’s GDP and foreign investment accounts for two - thirds of foreign trade .
In terms of production : the West uses rules to control finance , capital to control resources , technology to control industry , and brands to control the market .
In terms of resources : the West uses centralized planning to handle China ’s market decentralization .
The integration and assimilation of the interests of the wealthy people in the US and China intensifies the burden on the ordinary Chinese people .
Political influences can be seen in the integration of US and Chinese policies .
China ’s policies have to account for and be built upon the foundations of American policy , and China ’s decisions are all in consideration of the requests of the US .
Cultural influences are noticeable in the increasing Americanization of Chinese ideology and culture .
Not only is Chinese culture more and more resembling American culture , the way in which Chinese culture is changing is fulfilling the hopes of the US .
Also , in terms of spiritual culture , China and the US are walking toward opposite ends of the spectrum .
In a recent blog article , Zhang Hongliang writes :
First , the US used dollars to get China ’s goods , then they used bonds to get China ’s dollars , and now they want to use stocks to get back their bonds , lastly , they will use the stocks to make China in debt ; eventually China is not only handing over goods to the US in vain , not only handing over US dollars to the US in vain , but China will eventually be in debt to the US !
On the other side of the Chimerica coin , Ferguson writes :
The authorities in Beijing must be made to see that any book losses on its reserve assets resulting from changes in the exchange rate will be a modest price to pay for the advantages they reaped from the Chimerica model : the transformation from third - world poverty to superpower status in less than 15 years .
In any case , these losses would be more than compensated for by the increase in the dollar value of China ’s huge stock of Renminbi assets .
According to this Forbes article , the US is now spending trillions of dollars to help its own economy out of the recession , China ’s main currency investment is also devaluing : dollars .
In the end , China ends up financing the economic recovery of the US because they have to continue buying dollars to keep the value of the renminbi down and dollars up .
Now , I am not a qualified economist by any means , but it seems like the Chimerica model is failing in many respects .
Otherwise , why would both sides be complaining about the relationship ?
Rather than the symbiotic relationship it was supposed to be , it seems that both sides are realizing they have less control over the other than they actually need .
China cannot control US spending and the US cannot control China ’s currency values .
The best case scenario will be that the past year or so will be a learning experience for both sides and the US and China can learn to cooperate , realize that not everything can be win-win and that long terms interests should not be sacrificed for short term gain .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
October 9th , 2009
Via : Courier Journal :
In the latest sign of weakness in Louisville - area employment , about 10,000 people applied over three days for 90 jobs building washing machines at General Electric for about $ 27,000 per year and hefty benefits .
The jobs dangle medical , eye care , prescription and dental benefit packages , as well as pension , disability , tuition assistance and more , said GE spokeswoman Kim Freeman .
And despite the recession , no union workers have been laid off from Appliance Park since the company negotiated lower wages with workers in 2005 .
“ There are no jobs out there paying these kinds of wages that also offer these kind of benefits , ” said Jerry Carney , president of IUE - CWA Local 761 at Appliance Park .
Just four years ago , the same jobs paid $ 19 per hour .
But that was before Local 761 approved wage cuts for new workers aimed at preventing the closure of Appliance Park .
“ People still value these jobs , ” Freeman said .
With the Jefferson County unemployment rate at 10.6 percent in August and more than 38,000 unemployed people looking for work , the opportunity for moderate pay and health care was an attractive lure .
“ In this recession , there are lot of people who are just about to run out of unemployment benefits , ” said Richard Hurd , a labor relations professor at Cornell University .
The national average of time unemployment benefits collected now stands at 26 weeks , Indiana University Southeast Professor of Business Uric Dufrene said .
That ’s about a third of the maximum that can currently be collected .
Larissa Roos , 38 , never worked in a factory , but was one of the thousands who bid on jobs assembling appliances .
Until she was laid off from Bank of America in February , Roos said she made $ 18 per hour fielding calls , often from irritated merchants , about credit card glitches .
Roos took that job just out of high school .
But severance payments end this month , and Roos said she is looking everywhere to try to replace the income .
“ I need something so I can live day to day .
The job market is horrible , ” Roos said Thursday , adding the family relies on her husband ’s job as a printer to pay the mortgage on their Fern Creek home as well as utility , fuel and other bills .
Economy | Posted in Collapse Top Of Page
Nicola Sturgeon SAVAGED just seconds after Peston grilling – ' Scots should be concerned '
NICOLA STURGEON has been savaged for her response to the rising number of coronavirus cases in Scotland after a commentator noticed the SNP leader was continuously comparing statistics to the rest ...
The Secret Life of Engineer , Cartoonist , Show Creator Tim Hunkin
Bruce Springsteen sang ; " There 's fifty - seven channels and nothin ' on , " but in fairness there ’s been a wide variety of excellent science programming on for a long time .
There are shows that interest me , others that I make a point to try to watch , and a select few that I set my schedule around .
For the latter , I do n’t answer the phone and hope that no one walks in the room and wants to start a conversation while I ’m watching .
" The Secret Life of Machines " was solidly in that third group .
When the Jazz instrumental " The Russians are Coming " started playing I was in my happy place .
The show was hosted by Tim Hunkin and his partner Rex Garrod , and ran in the early ‘ 90s in the UK and on the Discovery Channel in the US .
Each show was dedicated to a specific machine or piece of technology that ’s common to everyday life .
" The Secret Life of Machines " was a little unusual - unorthodox , but in a very creative and clever way .
A mixture of animated cartoon parody , mechanical art , and a history and explanation of the featured subject .
I was always left with a greater appreciation of that particular machine after the show was over .
Checking out YouTube one evening I was thrilled to see that there was a good selection of these shows .
I watched " The Secret Life of the Word Processor " and then decided to try to contact Tim Hunkin .
I was delighted when he agreed to do an interview for us .
Below are some questions and the answers he responded with .
Q . When you were first studying to be an engineer what did you imagine your career would be ?
I did n't know .
I was still trying to work out what I wanted to do in my 40s .
I 'm delighted I do seem to have found out now I'm 58 .
Q . You ’re probably most recognized for your show " The Secret Life of Machines " which ran on The Discovery Channel in the US .
What events led up to the creation and development of that show ?
I 'd been happily working as a cartoonist for the Observer , a UK Sunday newspaper , for ten years when the place started to get really unstable , with a new editor every few months .
I knew my days were numbered and my agent suggested I try writing something for TV .
I do n't know if its true but I suspect it is , that my proposal to explain how a washing machine worked landed on the desk of the controller ( Jeremy Isaacs ) just after his wife had died so he was struggling to use his washing machine for the first time .
Q . In the show you would often take apart the particular machine that was featured and display the workings of its separate components .
One of my favorites was the digital watch , where you actually displayed the tiny components working individually .
I used to try to do things like this when I was a kid but always failed miserably .
What kind of preparation did it take in order to make it look easy on the show ?
Lots of preparation .
It does n't cost much to have one person ferriting around for ages .
I was lucky to have over a year to make each of the three series .
I do n't understand why most TV seems to be made in such a rush .
Q. " Secret Life … " was very unique in the way that you created illustrative cartoons showing humorous examples of how the evolving technology interacted with human behavior .
What kinds of observations in your life did you derive these sketches from ?
They always seemed obvious to me , maybe because I always was an outsider .
If you spend your life making washing machines you become blind to the frustrations that everyone else knows only too well .
Q . You often began and ended the show with works of mechanical art .
The giant exploding video tube monster at the end of the " Word Processor " show was especially impressive .
I imagine a lot of enthusiasm went into creating that .
Were there show producers that you had to fight with in terms of how far they would let you go ?
Not really .
I was fortunate that I had been doing similar stunts for a theatre company so they never cost a lot .
There were more problems with the budgets for the external location shoots and the archive footage .
Q . Do you have a favorite between the nuts - and - bolts engineering , cartoon work , or mechanical art creation as far as what gives you the most fun and satisfaction ?
I prefer to be in my workshop making something , I get itchy sitting at my desk on the computer for more than a couple of hours .
Q . Are you more fascinated by mechanical or electrical workings ?
Why ?
Its the combination that 's fun .
At the moment there are lots of people who combine a lot of clever software with some limited physical element .
I 'm in a great position because very few people do it the other way round - lots of physical stuff with a bit of clever computing .
There 's sp much potential .
Q. You did a TV show in 1982 called " Why Things Go Wrong " .
You explained how the most reliable technology often comes from engineers building on their past experience and gave the automobile as an example , where its basic design has changed very little over decades .
Would the personal computer also be an example ?
Current models are obviously much faster , with more storage , a wider buss width , and a much higher transistor count , but it seems the fundamental architecture is still much like the original PC .
I guess computers have now reached a similar maturity .
They are now pretty reliable and the software works well .
But just as with cars , the companies need to get you to replace their products .
So Windows 7 is great for them , but the prospect of having to buy lots of new stuff is really irritating to most ordinary people like me .
Q . What ’s been your favorite project so far in your career ?
I 'm proud of the Secret Life films because I get so many letters from young engineers who chose their career because of watching them .
But I 'm not a natural TV person , I 'm happier just making stuff .
The best things I 've made are my ' Secret Life of the Home ' gallery in the London Science museum , and my ' Under the pier show ' arcade which is still evolving .
Q . Do you have a project that you dream of but have n’t been able to do yet ?
I 'm running out of space in my arcade .
I fantasize about larger simulator rides and an ' out of this world ' science fiction visitor attraction .
And if my body gives up before my brain .
I 'm going to write a book about electricity .
Q. Judging from how you ’ve observed technology evolving what do you think might be the next marvel of invention ?
I was never any good as a futurologist , I just love all the stuff we 've got already .
I can't understand why people are n't more curious about basic stuff like electricity , its so magical .
Q . What would be your best advice for both aspiring and practicing engineers ?
Do n't spend your life on the computer .
Its a real problem that everything now gets designed on CAD , which can make any design look convincing .
Tim Hunkin 's official website
While many people believe that karaoke in Baton Rouge only involves singing at a bar – this simply is n’t true .
Many more establishments like restaurants offer this favorite past time where any age range can get up in front of a crowd and sing their favorite songs .
Is n’t it nice to know that you no longer have to listen to people who ’ve been forced into singing that have had a few too many drinks ?
And although there are still quite a few bars and restaurants that offer DJ services in Baton Rouge for this fun service , for those who prefer to have a few drinks to muster up their courage to sing , there are many great establishments where the entire family can enjoy singing .
So what ’s so fun about this now extremely popular form of entertainment ?
Well , not only can you enjoy an evening out with the entire family , you can also choose to stay at home and sing if your budget allows it .
There are many very inexpensive karaoke machines that will allow you and the kids to belt out your favorite tunes without having to worry about what other people think .
It ’s also a great way to get the kids comfortable with singing while building their confidence as well .
• But , if you prefer to get out of the house , you ’ll want to bring a video camera or at the very least a digital camera .
That way you can take a lot of pictures of the kids and have memories that they can treasure for years to come .
• If you have n’t gotten as far as starting a family yet , you can ask your friends to join you for a night of singing fun .
It ’s always more fun to sing with friends rather than sing with people you do n’t even know , so the more friends you invite , the more fun you ’ll have .
• Remember , not all of your friends ( or family members ) will want to sing , but that does n’t mean you should n’t be singing just because they do n’t want to .
Show off your talents or poke fun at songs that will grab everyone ’s attention .
After all , you ’re there to have fun !
And do n’t fret about not having a terrific voice just because you heard another karaoke singer sing a song perfectly .
Karaoke is not about having that great voice .
It ’s about having a great time and visiting with your friends .
Be nice and clap after every singer finishes his or her song .
Maybe you did n’t like the song or maybe you just do n’t feel like clapping , but do it anyway .
It ’s always nice to get a positive reaction from the crowd no matter how good of a singer you are and no matter how fantastic the Baton Rouge karaoke crowd may be .
I need 15 Dollars
This is me .
I 'm just a 20 year old who is living life .
I making more risks .
I recently found myself out of a 2 year relationship , and decided that I 'm not going to sit around and mope .
I 'm in a new town and want to meet new people .
I want to recover from being a reddit / digg internet junkie .
I get by on oddjobs .
In a college town , jobs are all taken up and are impossible to find , but I like frequenting local Cafës .
With a little extra money I can buy some person lunch , among other things .
Hopefully make a friend .
15 people donate a dollar , and I 'm set .
If you are still unsure :
Takaisin Lisätty : 2009-11-11
Tiedote 11.11.2009
Viidennes suomalaisista ei kuulu valtionkirkkoon Eroakirkosta . fi- palvelun mukaan evankelis - luterilaiseen kirkkoon kuulumattomia on jo viidesosa suomalaisista .
Kirkon jäsenmäärä on laskenut koko ajan jyrkentyvästi erityisesti tällä vuosituhannella .
Tiedote 11.11.2009 Eroakirkosta.fi- palvelun mukaan evankelis - luterilaiseen kirkkoon kuulumattomia on jo viidesosa suomalaisista .
Kirkon jäsenmäärä on laskenut koko ajan jyrkentyvästi erityisesti tällä vuosituhannella .
- Kirkon jäsenmäärä on nyt alittanut 80 % .
Edelliseen kymmeneen prosenttiyksikköön meni melkein 30 vuotta , mutta seuraavat kymmenen prosenttiyksikköä menevät jo vuoteen 2020 mennessä , arvioi tiedottaja Heikki Orsila .
Vielä vuonna 1981 evankelis - luterilaiseen kirkkoon kuului 90 prosenttia suomalaisista , vuonna 2000 enää 85 prosenttia .
Vuonna 2003 säädettiin uusi uskonnonvapauslaki ja eroakirkosta. fi- palvelu avautui , jolloin kirkon jäsenmäärän lasku kiihtyi entisestään .
Ennätysvuosi oli 2008 , jolloin kirkosta erosi yli 52 000 ihmistä .
- Kirkosta eroaminen tuskin saavuttaa enää huippuvuotta 2008 .
Olemme siirtymässä eroavien sukupolvesta kastamattomien sukupolveen , kun kirkkoon kuulumattomat eivät kasta lapsiaan , Orsila pohtii .
Myös kastettujen osuus on laskussa Ennakkotietojen mukaan kasteiden määrä on Helsingissä vähentynyt 2,5 prosenttia ja Tampereella peräti 5 prosenttia verrattuna viime vuoteen .
Jos kehitys jatkuu samana koko maassa , kastettujen osuus syntyneistä putoaa alle kirkkoon kuuluvien osuuden .
Syy on kirkon jäsenkunnan painottuminen vanhempiin ikäluokkiin .
Noin 16 - 17 prosenttia suomalaisista ei kuulu mihinkään uskontokuntaan .
Ortodokseja ja helluntailaisia on molempia noin prosentti .
Loppu 1 - 2 prosenttia kuuluu muihin pienuskontoihin .
Eroakirkosta.fi-palvelua ylläpitää Tampereen vapaa - ajattelijat ry .
Tampereen vapaa - ajattelijat ry on uskonnottomien yhdistys , jonka tavoitteena on muun muassa kaikkien uskontojen ja vakaumusten saattaminen tasa - arvoisiksi sekä uskonnottomien etujen valvonta .
Tampereen vapaa - ajattelijat on myös elamankatsomustieto.fi- ja uskomaton.fi-projektien taustayhteisö .
Lisätietoja : Heikki Orsila
Eroakirkosta.fi:n tiedottaja
Tampereen vapaa - ajattelijat ry
040-732 5989 Petri Karisma
Eroakirkosta.fi:n tiedottaja
Tampereen vapaa - ajattelijat ry
040-748 9532 Kaj Torrkulla
Eroakirkosta.fi:n tiedottaja ( suomen - ja ruotsinkielinen asiointi )
Tampereen vapaa - ajattelijat ry
050 -525 1606 Jori Mäntysalo
Eroakirkosta.fi:n tiedottaja
Tampereen vapaa - ajattelijat ry
0400-391 558 TIEDOKSI TOIMITUKSILLE , laskelman taustatiedot Väestörekisterikeskuksen ( VRK ) mukaan 10.11.2009 suomalaisia oli 5 349 585 .
VRK :n mukaan 10.7 .
evankelis - luterilaiseen kirkkoon kuului 4 281 824 henkilöä , ja 10.9 .
jäseniä oli 4 280 921 . Eroakirkosta.fi-palvelun kautta erosi 10.7.-9.9.2009 yhteensä 4812 .
Arvioimme eroakirkosta.fi- palvelun osuudeksi 92 prosenttia kaikista eroista ( 90,6 prosenttia vuonna 2008 ) , eli kokonaiseromääräksi mainittuna aikana 5230 .
Välillä 10.9.-10.11. eroakirkosta.fi-palvelua käytettiin 7015 kertaa , eli 92 prosentin osuus olettaen eroajia oli yhteensä 7625 .
Tästä ja väkiluvusta saadaan osuus 79,98 prosenttia .
Uskontokuntien jäsenmäärä tilastoidaan kahdella poikkeavalla tavalla .
VRK laskee kirkon jäseniksi vauvat kasteesta alkaen .
Tilastokeskuksen laskelmissa tiettyä ikää nuoremmat vauvat lasketaan äidin uskontokunnan mukaan .
Tämän tiedotteen laskelma perustuu VRK :n tapaan .
Helluntailiikkeen jäsenmäärä perustuu Seurakuntaoppaan 2009 tietoihin .
Sen perusteella suomenkielisten helluntaiseurakuntien jäsenmäärä olisi pysynyt vakaana ( 45 548 vuonna 2006 , 45 866 vuonna 2008 ) , ja oletamme ruotsinkielisten seurakuntien kehityksen samaksi .
Virallisissa tilastoissa helluntailiike näkyy melko pienenä , mutta syynä on vain tilastointiero rekisteröidyn uskonnollisen yhdyskunnan ja rekisteröidyn yhdistyksen välillä .
VRK ei ole julkaissut pienuskontojen jäsenmääriä 2008 lopussa , mutta vuosien 2004 - 2007 lukujen perusteella määrä ei muutu merkittävästi .
Mikään uskontokunta ei myöskään itse ole tiedottanut jäsenmäärän isoista muutoksista .
Kasvua on ainakin Katolisessa kirkossa maahanmuuton myötä , mutta lukumäärä on edelleen varsin pieni .
Muista pienuskonnoista vähiten tietoa on islam - seurakunnista .
Pienimmillään määräksi arvioidaan vain virallisesti yhdyskuntiin rekisteröidyt .
Suurimmillaan mukaan lasketaan kaikki maahanmuuttajat islamilaisista maista , myös uskonnollista vainoa pakenevat .
By Charlie Angus
Your Internet access could be revoked without conviction or any chance to appeal , just for watching your favourite TV show on - line .
Those are the rules under a new , secretly negotiated international copyright agreement the Conservative government plans to sign .
The ongoing negotiations on the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement could have profound implications for the development of digital culture in Canada .
And yet , despite the fact that this treaty would criminalize the behaviour of thousands of citizens , few Canadians have ever heard of ACTA .
Little wonder .
Until the Tories were confronted last week in the House of Commons , they had n’t even admitted that they were a party to these secret negotiations .
The silence is staggering given the fact that the treaty would treat the occasional downloader as though they were a criminal bootlegger .
Under the notorious “ three strikes and you ’re out ” provision , ACTA would strip them of the right to even have an Internet account .
If you ’re wondering how this treaty could be forced through without public input , just think back to the Conservative government ’s very public promise to solicit average Canadians ’ views on changes to the Copyright Act .
Last summer , Industry Minister Tony Clement and Heritage Minister James Moore barnstormed the country in an attempt to convince Canadians that the Conservatives really did want to hear from citizens before drafting new copyright legislation .
This sudden conversion to consultation was a direct result of the debacle over Bill C - 61 , the Conservatives ’ previous attempt at copyright legislation .
ACTA goes way beyond C - 61 .
As leaks emerge from the latest round of ACTA talks in South Korea , it becomes clear that the treaty is little more than a corporate wish list for the U.S. entertainment lobby .
The treaty will force Canada to sign on to provisions that would be impossible to get passed through normal democratic legislative processes .
Under the treaty , Canadian laws on privacy and the standard presumption of innocence would be trumped by the right of corporations to snoop , threaten , and sue any Internet service provider or user for perceived infringements .
ACTA would enshrine absolute legal protection for digital locks even if these locks were used to maintain anti-competitive practices or to override existing rights that citizens normally enjoy , in terms of fair access for copyrighted works .
Citizens who do nothing more than break the lock on their iPhone or back up protected DVDs would be treated like criminal bootleggers .
By far the most contentious element of the treaty is setting the stage for a “ three strikes and you ’re out ” provision .
This means that any Internet user who is called out for three supposed infringements of corporate copyright policy would be denied access to Internet accounts , a cruel punishment in the information age .
Such moves would go well beyond present copyright law and present serious implications for Canadian privacy and civic rights .
So why is the government engaged in closed door negotiations that would essentially rob the Canadian Parliament of its right to establish new copyright rules ?
Minister Clement claims that the ACTA treaty will remain subservient to Canadian legislation .
Such a claim is hard to believe .
But it does lead to one of two conclusions .
The first is that the Conservative government ’s public consultation process on copyright was a sham from the get - go , designed to divert attention while negotiators hammered out this new treaty .
The other possibility is that poor Clement was sincere in his desire to fix the debacle of Bill C - 61 , but that higher - ups in the Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade have been moving ahead with ACTA regardless .
Either way , the Tories have to come clean on ACTA .
This treaty spells bad news for citizens , democratic rights , and the development of an innovation agenda .
Canadian citizens need to get active and fight back .
As it stands now , the Conservative government appears ready to sell us down the digital river to appease the U.S. corporate lobby .
Charlie Angus is the New Democratic Party ’s critic for digital issues and the MP for Timmins - James Bay in Ontario .
November 11 , 2009 – 11:50 pm by John
War is the health of the State .
— Randolph Bourne
Today is Veterans ’ Day , formerly called Armistice Day .
But , our exalted warmongering Statolatrist congressmen and senators and presidents could n’t have a holiday that celebrated the end of a colossal State endeavor , so in 1954 they renamed it Veterans ’ Day .
The attention paid to Veterans ’ Day and the misconceptions this holiday brings forth have annoyed me to the point of writing a short post about such misguided military - worship .
ESPN is heavy into this spirit , broadcasting College Gameday from the site of the irrelevant Navy–Air Force game last Saturday and SportsCenter live from West Point Academy this morning .
For the last week I ’ve heard a seemingly constant stream of TV and radio commercials and discussions and interviews in which someone “ salutes our troops ” or thanks them for “ protecting our freedoms ” or says “ they allow us to live the lives we do . ”
Um , how ?
Who steals our money , kidnaps and imprisons us for harming no one , cripples businesses , dumbs down schools , devalues our currency , imprisons us for trying to use another one , violates our right to control our own bodies , outlaws self - defense , destroys families , rigs the court system to favor convictions and plea bargains over acquittals , deliberately and systematically enriches the powerful and well - connected at the expense of the common man , outlaws private protection and arbitration systems , and , oh , yeah , inspires hatred and terrorism across the globe ?
The Imperial Federal Government !
The military is not a sector of the market nor an extension of the populace ; it is an arm of the State .
It does what politicians and generals want it to .
It is not possible for the military ’s objectives to be in line with those of the public because the military wants what the State wants , and what the State wants is in direct opposition to what the people want .
If this is not true , then why must the State institute a coercive monopoly and murder anyone who defies it ?
The reality is that the exploits of the military result in less freedom for us because in every State in mankind ’s history , military interests were used as justifications for expansions of State power ; these powers , by their very nature , reduce the overall freedom of the State ’s subjects .
Second , the American military does not protect anyone ’s lives but rather does quite the opposite .
Noble though the intentions of the individual soldiers may be , the military endangers non-aggressing bystanders in foreign countries directly by its attacks on other people and indirectly by inspiring more military / insurgent activity ; the Department of Defense kills thousands of soldiers and puts thousands more in danger with its military adventurism ; and it endangers Americans by inspiring terrorism on our own soil .
( Mark my words : America ’s war on terra will bring suicide - bombing to the streets of American cities as exists in Israel and Iraq . )
Lastly , the Department of Defense flat - out wastes literally hundreds of billions of dollars per year ; this does immense harm to our economic and financial well - being , so , no , those servicemen and - women decidedly do not “ allow us to live the lives that we do . ”
A standard response might go like , “ Well , yeah , but it could be even worse if a foreign power took over because our military did n’t protect us . ”
Not only is this not true for the United States , it has been true for very few countries in the history of the world .
Probably some European countries in WWII , which was a direct result of the USA ’s entry into WWI .
Claiming a strong ( enough ) military is necessary to protect us against potentially terrible conquerors is typical Statist thinking : solve one problem caused by the State with more Statism : States exist solely to take power and money away from their subjects , so you want to strengthen the “ defensive ” arm of our State to protect us against other ones ?
Sure , there could be a despotic foreign power that threatened the lives and freedoms of people living in North America , as other countries have been threatened occasionally throughout history .
But the only thing that threatens to take the lives and freedoms of Americans today is the Imperial Federal Government .
The military and all its brave soldiers , who go through a hell of a lot more hardship than I probably ever will , does not act in the interests of the American people and is used by politicians to justify further encroachments of our liberty .
Posted in Foreign policy , Political correctness , Statolatry
The electric thimble that detects the signs of heart disease YEARS before you feel ill ...
We all know we should probably eat more healthily , take more exercise and cut back on alcohol , but unless there ’s something obviously wrong , most of us blithely carry on .
That might change , thanks to a test that picks up the very first signs of heart disease , diabetes and even impotence by measuring the health of your artery walls .
Currently , the first warning signs of heart trouble are raised blood pressure , high cholesterol or excess clotting .
These are the problems GPs check for — but often by the time you have these symptoms , you are already on the road to heart disease .
The Endo - Pat could help patients at raised risk of heart disease because of their family history — yet who do n’t have any other warning signs
However , a better early warning device could soon be available .
The Endo - Pat consists of two thimble - sized sensors that are placed over the index fingers to detect irregularities in blood flow .
These changes are a sign of damage to the lining of the blood vessels , the ‘ endothelium ’ .
‘ Heart problems begin in the endothelium , ’ explains John Deanfield , professor of cardiology at Great Ormond Street Hospital , London , and a leading expert in cardiovascular diseases .
‘ This is where signs of damage can show up long before the first symptoms appear .
Testing the endothelium could allow us to spot who ’s at risk and start treating them earlier . ’
Testing the endothelium might also provide an early warning sign of other cardiovascular problems , such as impotence ( caused by restricted blood flow to the genitals ) .
Early warning sign
It could also help patients at raised risk of heart disease because of their family history — yet who do n’t have any other warning signs .
And , just as importantly , an endothelium test could be a valuable way to hammer home the risks .
‘ People are reluctant to change their lifestyle when they do n’t feel ill , ’ says Dr Barry Zaret , a cardiologist at Yale University and an adviser to the manufacturer .
‘ But if you can show proof of early damage with a test , they ’re more likely to take it seriously . ’
The role of the endothelium has only recently been discovered — until now , the focus has largely been on restoring blood flow in blood vessels damaged by heart
disease .
The Endo - Pat : Ttwo thimble - sized sensors are placed over the index fingers to detect irregularities in blood flow
But scientists have found that the lining of the blood vessels regulates
our levels of nitric oxide ; this gas is important for stabilising blood pressure , stopping excessive clotting and preventing fat build - up .
In other words , if the endothelium is n’t working properly , you ’re likely to suffer from high blood pressure and other cardiovascular problems .
Even children can be affected .
‘ We ’ve done studies that have found endothelium dysfunction ( ED ) in children as young as ten , ’ says Professor Deanfield .
While lifestyle factors such as diet , smoking and lack of exercise are to blame , he has found other surprising causes .
‘ Infectious disease , especially gum disease , can cause ED and so can mental stress .
‘ Stress is often not considered as a classic risk factor for heart disease , but this new understanding of endothelium suggests how psychological factors have an effect . ’
For a number of years , researchers have measured endothelial function using ultrasound , but the equipment is cumbersome .
The Endo- Pat , however , could be used in GPs ’ surgeries .
The device is made in Israel by Itamar Medical and the company claims it is being used in research centres in more than 40 countries .
Last July it was approved for use in Japan ’s national health insurance plan .
It is also being used at the prestigious Mayo Clinic in the U.S .
No more unnecessary treatment
As well as identifying sooner those at risk of heart disease , a reliable ED test could help weed out people who do n’t need treatment , says Dr Dermot Neely , chair of the Medical Research and Scientific Committee of the charity HeartUK .
‘ It would also be useful to be able to identify people with highly resilient endotheliums .
The ones who are going to live to 80 whatever risk factors they ’ve got . ’
But is the Endo - Pat the key ?
While there is no doubt about the need now to focus on the endothelium , British experts such as Dr Neely believe the device itself needs
more testing of its reliability .
Meanwhile , the Mayo Clinic is now carrying out research to find drugs and nutrients that repair the damage .
Professor Amir Lerman , expert in cardiovascular diseases at the Mayo Clinic , is looking at the dietary supplement L - arginine , an amino acid the body uses to produce nitric oxide .
He ’s also been investigating green tea and various antioxidants .
Another treatment option is with drugs such as statins and hypertension drugs , known as ACE inhibitors .
An even more radical approach is being taken at the University of Maryland school of Medicine , which has published a study showing that listening to ‘ joyful ’ music improves the way the endothelium works .
Professor Chim Lang , consultant cardiologist at the University of Dundee College of Medicine , says the Endo - Pat holds out the possibility of being able to track any treatment to see how effective it is .
The Endo - Pat is being used at 46 UK centres , mostly still for research .
■ See www.itamar-medical.com.
EAST RUTHERFORD , N.J. --
In an orange - and - aqua streak , Ted Ginn bolted up the right sideline in front of his whooping , towel - waving teammates .
Not once , but twice he ran from goal line to goal line , leaving New York Jets defenders and the critics singed by his afterburners .
Ginn became the first player in NFL history to run the length of the field for touchdowns twice , darting 100 and 101 yards on back - to - back kickoff returns in the third quarter to propel the Dolphins past the Jets , 30 - 25 .
In their locker room all week , the Miami Dolphins embraced Ginn in a show of support .
The besieged receiver lost his starting job for costly drops in last week 's loss to the New Orleans Saints .
He called it the worst game of his career and the days to follow one of the toughest weeks of his life .
On Sunday at the Meadowlands , the Dolphins were hugging him a little tighter out of gratitude .
Out of the offensive lineup , Ginn contributed the only way the coaching staff permitted .
" He was down the last couple weeks , " Dolphins outside linebacker Joey Porter said .
" Then it comes down to not being in the game like he wants to be .
" Two big plays like that will bring you out of the doghouse in a hurry . "
Ginn helped the Dolphins steal a game they probably had no business winning .
Miami is now 3 - 4 overall , 3 - 0 against AFC East opponents .
" Sometimes , things just do n't make sense , " Jets coach Rex Ryan said .
" Statistically , this game is not going to look close . "
The Jets ( 4 - 4 ) outgained the Dolphins in yards from scrimmage 378- 104 , the third - fewest yards the Dolphins have gained in team history -- win or lose .
The Dolphins received the ball to start the second half .
At one point Dan Carpenter had kicked three extra points , and the Dolphins had run three offensive plays .
Sandwiched in between Ginn 's kickoff returns , outside linebacker Jason Taylor returned a fumble 48 yards for his ninth career defensive touchdown and Davone Bess fumbled a punt .
" They were hungry on defense , " Dolphins left guard Justin Smiley said .
" They talked a lot of smack and did a nice job .
They backed it up .
" Thank goodness our defense came to play and Ted Ginn did his thing . "
Ginn has been the source of ridicule since the moment Miami drafted him ninth overall in 2007 .
He 's symbolic of the failed Cam Cameron era , generally viewed as a wasted opportunity .
He was projected as no better than a No. 2 receiver .
Who takes a return specialist with the ninth pick ?
Dolfans begged the front office to draft Notre Dame quarterback Brady Quinn , but even if management wanted to address another position , prospects still on the board included future Pro Bowlers Patrick Willis , Marshawn Lynch and Darrelle Revis .
But Dolfans got Ginn , and they 've been mostly dissatisfied ever since .
He was dazzling on returns at Ohio State .
It 's what he did best , but he could n't even keep that job .
Ginn occasionally flashed his thrilling play - making ability .
He scorched Revis for a long touchdown in Week 5 .
But Ginn also elicited boos for dropping catchable passes and scurrying out of bounds to avoid contact .
Dolphins coach Tony Sparano apparently had seen enough drops and benched him in favor of a fellow Buckeye , rookie Brian Hartline .
Had original return man Patrick Cobbs not suffered a season - ending knee injury against the Jets three weeks ago , Ginn might not have been on the field much at all against the Jets .
He had one pass thrown his way all afternoon .
" This was probably one of the toughest weeks I 've ever experienced playing football , " Ginn said .
" Last week was one of the toughest games I ever had , the worst game of my career . "
Ginn bobbled a pass three plays into the second half against the Saints .
Darren Sharper pounced on it and returned the interception for a game - changing touchdown .
A photo in this week 's Sports Illustrated showed Ginn had hustled back into the play and stripped Sharper at the 1 - yard line .
The ball bounced out of the end zone and should have been a touchback , giving the Dolphins the ball on their own 20 .
But the touchdown stood , and Ginn would have to wait a week for vindication .
Ginn conceded that losing his job to Hartline was a wakeup call .
" Me not being in that starting lineup hurt me deep down inside , " Ginn said .
" I just wanted to be able to make plays however I can make plays .
Nobody said you have to be a starter to make plays .
" Being a big - play guy , a player that started when he was so young , to not be a starter really hurt . "
Ginn 's first return was pure speed .
He ran up the middle for a piece and then bolted up the right sideline .
He was a blur .
The only contact he felt came from three diving defenders slapping in vain at his ankles .
At the end of the third quarter , after Jets quarterback Mark Sanchez cut the Dolphins ' lead to four points with a brilliant fake handoff and touchdown run , the Jets made the mistake of kicking to Ginn again .
" We have a lot of faith in our coverage , " Ryan said .
" We 're one of the best coverage teams in the league .
We thought we had a good plan . "
Ginn made them look foolish .
He fielded the kick a yard deep and ran up the right hashmarks , then dashed to the left and came to a dead stop at the 15 - yard line .
" I 'm like a mouse trapped in a corner , " Ginn said .
" You always wonder how that mouse gets out . "
He sidestepped to the left to dodge Larry Izzo , then to the left to avoid Ryan Fowler .
" I really felt like I was trapped , " Ginn said .
" I tried to use what I have as far as my feet , play off my blocks .
My motive was to get to the outside .
Once I get that opening and turn on them burners , I 'm gone . "
In a whoosh , he was .
Ginn found an opening and exploded , untouched the rest of the way .
Ginn is the eighth player to return two kicks in the same game , but the first to go 100 yards or more on both of them .
His 299 kick return yards for the entire game -- no , the Jets did n't kick away from him -- rank second all - time , five yards behind Tyrone Hughes ( Saints vs. Rams ) in 1994 .
Ginn 's return average of 49.8 yards is the highest in NFL history for players who fielded at least five kickoffs .
" You have a couple bad games , they 'll throw you away in this league , " Porter said .
" That 's just how it goes .
Everybody loves a guy when he makes plays , but as soon as you have a bad week or two , then they hate you .
" It 'll be exciting to see everybody get back on the bandwagon and holler about how great he is . "
Porter should know .
He has been there before .
Porter said he wants to see Ginn build from this , not merely assume that one sensational game will be good enough to silence the critics for good .
For now , though , the Dolphins can be happy he responded .
" Some people , they rise up .
Some people , they don't , " Sparano said .
" Teddy rose up . "
Police in Kent have at last acknowledged that arresting people for being too tall might not be a very good idea .
Or rather , arresting someone for no better reason than " because they could " was unlawful and not altogether sensible .
The story begins this July when photographer Alex Turner was stopped whilst taking snaps in Chatham High St and approached by two men , who refused to identify themselves , but demanded that he show them some ID .
When he refused , they called for back - up .
A PCSO and WPC arrived : Turner took a photo of the pair , and was promptly arrested .
He was then handcuffed , held in a police van for 20 minutes , searched in public by plain clothes officers before being released .
It remains unclear , both from from his own account and from subsequent police explanations , exactly why he was arrested – although he did note at the time that the WPC stated she had felt threatened by his size - 5 ' 11 " and about 12 stone - and implied that she found it intimidating .
Mr Turner complained : a police internal investigation was carried out ; and this week , the Investigating Officer ( IO ) finally got back to him with the very welcome news that , according to their barrister , his arrest was unlawful .
This would therefore render both the subsequent search unlawful as well as Mr Turner ’s detention in a police van .
The professional standards department of Kent Police will now consider the report , together with any recommendations made .
The IO apologised for the delay explaining that " special branch " had claimed that the burden of proof required to lawfully arrest under terrorist legislation was somewhat less than it is under other legislation , and that they believed Mr Turner ’s arrest to have been lawful .
For that reason , Kent Police had sought the advice of legal counsel .
According to Mr Turner , the IO said that he thought he had had a “ raw deal ” on the day of the arrest .
He added that the arrest was in part a consequence of the strong message given to the police on the ground and council officers about being alert to potential terrorist threats .
However , as there were few terrorist activities in Kent , regular officers generally have a low level of knowledge of anti terrorist legislation , and Kent Police have now launched county - wide awareness raising training of anti-terrorist legislation to address this shortfall .
This refreshing candour on the part of the IO is in sharp contrast to statements put out at the time of the arrest by Kent Police .
El Reg asked Kent Police on several occasions to explain what had happened and also to reveal the precise legal grounds for the arrest .
Even if an arrest is subsequently determined to be unlawful , police officers should , at the time of making that arrest , have a clear idea of the legal grounds for so doing , and be able to make that clear to members of the public .
Failing to respond directly to our inquiry the first time , Assistant Chief Constable Allyn Thomas claimed merely that Mr Turner ’s quite legal behaviour was " suspicious " – thereby implying that generalised suspicion , irrespective of any statutory basis for arrest , is good enough for Kent Police .
This was followed by a statement from Chief Superintendent Steve Corbishley , who also failed to identify the precise legal powers used , alluding merely to " a number of powers which [ police ] are able to use in relation to stop and search " and expressing confidence that the public are happy with the police acting in this way .
We have asked Kent Police for further comment on this result – but at time of writing , we have not received any . ®
Bootnote
Kent Police did get back to us in the end , with the following statement : " Kent Police can confirm that Mr Turner has been updated on the internal investigation .
The investigation is on - going with Kent Police ’s Professional Standards Department and it would not be appropriate to comment at this time . "
Mr Zardari benefited from the 2007 corruption amnesty deal President Asif Ali Zardari has handed control of Pakistan 's nuclear arsenal to his prime minister , in an apparent bid to ease political pressure .
The move was a " giant leap " forward that empowered the PM and parliament , Mr Zardari 's spokesman said .
But analysts said it was an attempt to placate political and military critics , as an amnesty protecting Mr Zardari from possible prosecution expired .
The amnesty gave him and several others immunity from corruption charges .
The presidency announced that control of the National Command Authority , responsible for nuclear weapons , had shifted to Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani .
" The president has handed over his power regarding the national command and control authority to me and has issued an ordinance , " Mr Gilani was quoted by news agency AFP as saying .
Turmoil fears
Thousands of politicians , lawyers and bureaucrats are said to have benefited from the amnesty , known as the National Reconciliation Ordinance ( NRO ) .
It was introduced by former military ruler Pervez Musharraf in 2007 as part of a proposed power - sharing plan with Mr Zardari 's late wife , Benazir Bhutto .
But the amnesty was challenged in the Supreme Court , which told Mr Zardari to get approval of all decrees issued by Mr Musharraf by 28 November - something he has been unable to do .
Correspondents say the expiration of the amnesty threatens political turmoil at a time when Pakistan is battling Taliban and other militants along its border with Afghanistan .
The opposition wants lawmakers covered by the NRO to step down .
And while Mr Zardari has additional immunity from prosecution as president , his opponents want the Supreme Court to declare his election illegal .
Mr Zardari is currently very unpopular and observers say devolving more power to parliament could be a way of bolstering support .
Presidential spokesman Farhatullah Babar said the transfer of the National Command Authority was " a giant leap forward to empower the elected parliament and the prime minister " .
Mr Zardari was " giving up the dictatorial powers that Gen Musharraf - as an unelected leader - needed to keep himself in power " , another spokeswoman said .
But critics dismissed the move as " window - dressing " .
Rasool Bakhsh Rais , a political science professor at Lahore University of Management Science , told the Associated Press news agency that it was a " survival strategy " to retain his position .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The beneficial gas CO2 is demonstrated by Dr Craig Idso from CO2 Science , an organization trusted by NOAA to be a center that displayed US station data prior to the development of NCDC / NCEI .
Junk models using fraudulent data have been used to try and convince the world CO2 is bad and we need to rid it by eliminating all fossil fuels which output CO2 .
Dr. Patrick Moore , Ecologist and co-founder of Greenpeace shows this also .
---------------------
Joseph D’Aleo , CCM
The models used to estimate U.S. deaths from COVID19 had projections that ranged from over 2 million two months back to 100,000 - 240,000 and then down to 60,000 .
Most hoped they would come down further , but the numbers blew past the 60,000 .
A lot of uncertainty exists in the data still though as an unknown number of the deaths attributed to COVID19 may really have been due to other morbidities and also some point out health care institutions are financially better off with a COVID19 cause of death .
The media seemed perplexed about the large changes in the models and questioned their concept and value .
Welcome to the world of modeling ( see this comparison ) .
We in the weather business use models as a tool and they present special challenges .
We have a plethora of models to choose from which run 2 to 4 times a day or even on a smaller scale hourly .
Operational model forecasts go out to as far 16 days into the future .
The models are subject to large errors especially in the latter periods when storms are coming inland from data sparse regions like the Pacific .
We have a favorite phrase - garbage in , garbage out .
The climate model story is even worse .
The climate models overstate the warming from greenhouse gases by a factor of two or more .
Enlarged
Climate model forecasts versus the satellite and balloon observations
The models projected the greatest warming in the tropical high atmosphere ( called the Tropical Hot Spot ) where air in the mean rises due to convergence of air from both hemispheres .
But the models warming results mostly from the release of heat from condensation of water vapor ( 95 % of the greenhouse effect ) .
CO2 is a trace gas , just 0.04 % of the atmosphere by volume .
See no warming trend in the upper atmosphere since 1979 where models predict it .
Enlarged
The lack of warming also holds for the tropical Pacific ocean down to 300 meters depth from 160E to 80W .
Enlarged
Climate scientist Stefan Rahmstorf in DER SPIEGEL actually admits quietly that the models are crap , running way too hot here .
HOW THEY DEAL WITH LACK OF REAL DATA AT GROUND LEVEL
The lack of warming is documented by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ’s U.S. Climate Reference Network , an extremely accurate network of temperature stations throughout the United States that requires no corrective adjustments .
( It began reporting temperature data in 2005 . )
When climate activists claim specific impacts of global warming in the United States , those impacts could not have been caused by any recent warming because no significant recent U.S. warming has occurred .
Enlarged
On a global scale the climate cabal portray the output from their models as gospel , and the believers confuse the model projections with measured data .
The data centers make unsubstantiated claims that a given month or year is the warmest back to the beginning of the record ( 1880 or even 1850 ) often by the tiniest of margins ( 0.05C for example ) .
But the data is just not there to make those claims .
71 % of the earth is oceans , and data before the satellite data became available 40 years ago , ocean data was reliant on ships which travelled along specific routes mainly in the northern hemisphere near the land .
A large percentage of land surface was erratically covered with observing sites and the data too often spare and intermittent .
To create an apparent agreement with their sacred models , the data centers manipulated real data or even generated with their models data for 95 % of the planet that had poor coverage before the satellite era .
MIT ’s climate scientist Dr. Mototaka here exposed the phoney claims that most years are the warmest ever since the 1850s of 1880s .
“ The supposed measuring of global average temperatures from 1890 has been based on thermometer readouts barely covering 5 per cent of the globe until the satellite era began 40 - 50 years ago .
We do not know how global climate has changed in the past century , all we know is some limited regional climate changes , such as in Europe , North America and parts of Asia . ”
The world ’s greatest scientists in the 1970s knew that and created the first view of global trends by using land temperatures where available in the Northern Hemisphere .
It showed a 2 F warming from 1880s to around 1940 and then a cooling that by around 1970s cut that by more than half .
Further cooling until the late 19870s virtually eliminated the rest .
Enlarged
These early measurements were erased when models and global land ( and ocean ) data was ‘ created ’ in the following decades .
The models cooled the early data and enhanced the warming to create an apparent steady warming during the eras when fossil fuel use increased .
Our conclusion is that there is man made global warming but the men are in NOAA , NASA and Hadley .
Enlarged
By the way , the ocean data coverage and accuracy did not really become reliable until the implementation of the ARGO buoys in 2000 designed to accurately measure temperatures and ocean heat content .
Like the satellite used to measure sea level changes ( which showed no changes - until artificial adjustments were made ) , the early results were disappointing - showing no warming .
The ARGO data supported the inconvenient near two decade pause in the warming that started in the late 1990s .
Enlarged
Enlarged
Eventually in desperation ahead of the Paris Accord , they made this go away by adjusting the buoy data to match to inferior ship data .
Enlarged
The models are tuned to manipulated ( fraudulent ) data .
In addition to what we have shown above , this can be seen when you examine all the extremes of weather that these models and the theories predict .
See here how each of the claims have failed .
SUMMARY
COVID19 has shown how major the impact on the global population a pandemic can bring .
A Green New Deal was n’t developed in a lab , but is as bat shit crazy and would have a major impact on life as we know it .
The effect on our economy would not be as sudden but just as serious .
The government would not be sending you checks in the mail to help but driving up the cost of energy , and the cost of living and the choices you make ( cars you drive , where you can live , how much you can make and keep ) .
Because it is based on junk science , we need to dispatch it as quickly as we can the COVID19 .
See much more on this issue in this presentation in front of New Hampshire Taxpayers .
( See this comparison of climate models to COVID19 models ) .
And go to this must see video on the fraud behind COVID19 .
(0 ) Permalink
Posted on 04/15 at 05:27 PM
(0 ) Trackbacks
By Joe Bastardi | March 17th , 2020 | Climate |6 Comments
This is a classic example of what I am trying to show , that this “ climate change ” issue is more than meets the eye , It is about using any tactic possible to push an agenda that is regressive and seeks to LIMIT what man can do , rather than expand .
This article tries to scare the daylights out of people who are already scared , with an implication not supported by any facts today , We are all anxious about the unknown with this virus , so here we go , the predictable use of climate to scare people even more .
But the facts are clear on climate over the last 100 years , the results on mankind are EXACTLY OPPOSITE .
Which is even more remarkable given the growth of human life
I guess if the Covid - 19 completely fizzles out , which is also a possibility , then anything that happens in the weather globally over the next 20 years that is blamed for deaths , means perhaps it would outstrip it , But the facts reveal that man ’s adaptation via freedom , competition , and capitalism , which is leading the way , is saying the EXACT OPPOSITE is happening !
And that journalist that are writing things like this choose to ignore the facts , or have not researched it enough to see another side , speaks volumes as to the amount of trust one should put into any agenda that involves narrow - minded one - sidedness
Instead of writing thousands of words I will use a few choice charts ,
What I want to know , is why the people that write this stuff do not have the intellectual curiosity or the journalistic integrity to do what journalists are supposed to do : Question and show both sides of the issue .
It is because of the lack of those qualities , we are reading what we are reading
So here we go , In direct defiance of what is implied in the above article , Climate deaths are plummeting .
image.gif
Now why , if you knew this , would you write what you did ?
Why did you not look at least for the countering argument ?
Now watch this .
Personal GDP globally and Life expectancy globally :
This means MORE PEOPLE ARE LIVING LONGER AND PROSEPERING MORE !
When did this hockey stick like skyrocket start ?
At the start of the fossil fuel era .
Now consider this , and do not think this is minimizing the COVID 19 threat , The median age of deaths is in the low 80s .
But if this virus appeared in the pre fossil fuel era , it may have gone virtually unnoticed BECAUSE of LIFE EXPECTANCY IN PRE FOSSIL FUEL ERA was between 30 and 40 .
From this article , the chart below :
The ramping up to the current levels can be linked if not directly , then indirectly to the advancement of mankind in the fossil fuel era .
When one reads anything , including what I write , one needs to look at both sides ,
The fact is that the vast majority of articles written on this matter do not bring up countering points , and use the assumption that there is no counter , or someone is a science denier .
Yet charts like this show that people saying that are denying facts that any 5th grader ( I use 5th grade since that population age group and around is getting the wits scared out of them with climate change ) can see .
What is being done today though in articles like the one that spawned this counter , is to make statements that run contrary to what has been going on , with no thinking beyond a set agenda ?
When you are narrow - minded , your field of vision is extremely limited and what is being revealed in a lot of things has to do with this subject is the narrow mindedness and intolerant views of people who should be doing the opposite , if they are indeed journalists .
In this case , not only do the facts about climate deaths and the advancement of mankind run contrary to what is being implied but the fact that IF NOT FOR THE INCREASE IN LIFE EXPECTANCY brought about with the help of the fossil fuel era , then this viruses impact , if the median age of death is in the low 80s , may not have even been noticed in the late 19th century since life expectancy was about half of what it is today .
As always , I ask the rational reader to consider the other side of the issue .
And remind people , as per the previous piece I wrote , to be on guard against any event being blamed on “ climate change ” for “ climate change ” is actually a vehicle for another result .
At the very least , consider the actual data presented here .
And all you journalists that are using all the great tools we have today try to look at both sides of the issue , You might come to realize that where you stand today was built yesterday and the fossil fuel era and the freedoms we enjoy , is in a large part responsible for the foundation we have built to give you the chance .
Do n’t take that for granted , Question in all you do .
Facts like what I have shown above , indicate that there is a reason to look at both sides of an issue .
Be open - minded and tolerant , and do n’t accuse those that bring up ideas you may not have seen , of being someone they are not ( example Climate Denier ) .
But writing scare articles using what is admittedly a scary virus , and then saying , “ climate change ” is something worse , without even showing people where we are today on the matter and the actual data , is not being open - minded nor tolerant of contrary ideas .
Author
Joe Bastardi is a pioneer in extreme weather and long - range forecasting .
He is the author of “ The Climate Chronicles : Inconvenient Revelations You Wo n’t Hear From Al Gore - and Others ” which you can purchase at the CFACT bookstore .
(0 ) Permalink
Posted on 03/17 at 07:50 PM
(0 ) Trackbacks
By Joseph D’Aleo , CCM
Introduction
NOAA and NASA can be counted on virtually every month or year end to religiously and confidently proclaim that the latest global average surface temperature ( GAST ) is among the warmest on record .
Back in the 1970s when an assessment of a global temperature was first attempted , the scientists recognized that even land - only surface temperature data was a significant challenge given that most of the reliable data was limited to populated areas of the U.S , Europe and eastern China with just spotty often intermittent data from vast land areas elsewhere .
Enlarged
There were just 26 stations in 1880 , only 4 in the southern hemisphere .
Even in 1900 , the 664 global stations was on 2.8 % of the number in 2000 .
Temperatures over oceans , which covered 71 % of the globe , were measured along shipping routes mainly in the Northern Hemisphere erratically and with varying measurement methods .
Despite these shortcomings and the fact that absolutely no credible grid level temperature data existed over the period from 1880 to 2000 in the Southern Hemisphere ’s oceans ( covering 80.9 % of the Southern Hemisphere ) , global average surface temperature data estimation and publication by NOAA and NASA began in the early 1990s .
To illustrate the problem , on January 16 , 2020 , the WSJ published a lead article by Robert Lee Hotz stating : “ NASA , NOAA ranked 2019 as the second - hottest year in tracking data to 1880 .
The world experienced near - record global temperatures in 2019 , federal climate scientists said .
---. ”
This claim was made despite the fact that absolutely no credible temperature data exists over this period for more than 40 % of the planet ( 0.5*0.809 =0.4 + ) .
After 2000 , there were diving buoys .
But when the best technology designed specifically for the purpose , the ARGO buoys , disappointed by showing no upward trend , the data from the buoys was “ adjusted . ”
John Bates , data quality officer with NOAA admitted “ They had good data from buoys ... and “ corrected ” it by using the bad data from ships .
You never change good data to agree with bad , but that ’s what they did - so as to make it look as if the sea was warmer . ”
He retired after that change was made .
That was just the latest example of data manipulation .
Initially , this global data had a cyclical pattern similar to previously reported Northern Hemisphere data ( high in the 1930s and 40s , low in the 70s ) .
Then , as time progressed , the previous officially reported GAST data history was modified , removing the cycle and creating a more and more strongly upward sloping linear trend in each freshly reported historical data set .
--------------
Peer reviewed , published and readily reproducible research has shown that : “ The conclusive findings were that the three GAST data sets are not a valid representation of reality . ”
“ In fact , the magnitude of their historical data adjustments , which removed their cyclical temperature patterns are completely inconsistent with published and credible U.S. and other temperature data .
Thus , despite current assertions of record - setting warming , it is impossible to conclude from the NOAA and NASA data sets that recent years have been the warmest ever . ”
Current climate policies - based on these unreliable temperature records - threaten our economic and national security interests .
As the proposed climate policies grow more extreme , the consequences of allowing this record to remain unchallenged gravely threatens an onslaught of litigation based on the greenhouse gas endangerment finding .
Importantly , this litigation imposes significant impediments to the mineral land leasing and pipeline infrastructure build out necessary to maintain and enhance energy independence and economic prosperity .
Furthermore , the US financial sector has already dramatically curtailed its support of conventional energy source development in large part due to the continued calls for regulatory destruction of the fossil fuel industry based substantially on NOAA and NASA ’s now invalidated global surface temperature records .
This situation is putting our Nation ’s energy security at grave risk ‘ which means our economic and national security are also in great peril .
----------
ADDENDUM to the Research Report entitled : On the Validity of NOAA , NASA and Hadley CRU Global Average Surface Temperature Data & The Validity of EPA ’s CO2 Endangerment Finding , Abridged Research Report , Dr. James P. Wallace III , Joseph S. D’Aleo ABD , Dr. Craig D. Idso , June 2017
The June 2017 Research Report provides ample evidence that the Global Average Surface Temperature ( GAST ) data was invalidated for use in climate modelling and for any other climate change policy analysis purpose .
However , there was one very critical science argument that this report did not make , which is made here .
This critical point involves whether or not it was even possible to compute a mathematically proper GAST data set over the period 1900 - 2000 in the first place .
Claims of record - setting GAST were made as one of the three Lines of Evidence of the 2009 GHG / CO2 Endangerment Finding .
Another Line of Evidence purported that climate models , tuned to fit this GAST data , were adequate for policy analysis purposes .
The third Line of Evidence for validation required credible Surface Temperature data as well .
However , as stated in the aforementioned GAST Research Report :
“ The conclusive findings of this research are that the three GAST data sets are not a valid representation of reality .
In fact , the magnitude of their historical data adjustments , that removed their cyclical temperature patterns , are totally inconsistent with published and credible U.S. and other temperature data .
Thus , it is impossible to conclude from the three published GAST data sets that recent years have been the warmest ever - despite current claims of record setting warming .
Finally , since GAST data set validity is a necessary condition for EPA ’s GHG / CO2 Endangerment Finding , it too is invalidated by these research findings ” ( 1 )
Thus , in this GAST report , ample evidence was provided that the current officially reported GAST data are simply not credible , therefore invalidating the 2009 Endangerment Finding .
However , there is a proof that is far easier to understand .
Over the period 1900 - 2000 , there is virtually no credible surface temperature data available for at least 40 % of the surface of the Earth .
This follows from the fact that the Southern Hemisphere ’s surface is over 80 % ocean ( .50*.80=40 ) , and essentially no credible temperature data was captured for these vast oceans over this time period . ( 2 )
Hence , it never made any sense to even attempt to compute a GAST data set over this time period unless the purpose was to construct a temperature data set that could be made to have virtually any pattern over that time period that the institutions involved desired to portray as reality .
In truth , with literally no credible temperature data available for well over 40 % of the Earth ’s surface , these institutions were only limited by what was credible to the outside world .
( 3 ) Thus far , not knowing these facts , all relevant parties , e.g. , regulators , environmentalists , and government officials , have been far too accepting of the GAST record as a valid global temperature database .
Since GAST data has now been separately proven to not be a valid representation of reality , it also means that the 2009 CO2 Endangerment Finding has been once again invalidated .
Footnotes
(1) GAST Data Research Report - see page 4 .
(2) Southern Hemisphere “ The South Atlantic , the South Pacific , the Indian Ocean and several seas , including the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand and the Weddell Sea next to Antarctica , constitute approximately 80.9 percent of the Southern Hemisphere .
Land constitutes about 19.1 percent .
In the Northern Hemisphere , on the other hand , most of the area is comprised of land masses . ”
(3) “ According to overseers of the long - term instrumental temperature data , the Southern Hemisphere record is “ mostly made up ” .
This is due to an extremely limited number of available measurements both historically and even presently from the south pole to the equatorial regions .
In 1981 , NASA ’s James Hansen et al reported that “ Problems in obtaining a global temperature history are due to the uneven station distribution ( 40 ) , with the Southern Hemisphere and ocean areas poorly represented , ” - - - - ( Science , 28 August 1981 , Volume 213 , Number 4511 )
In 1978 , the New York Times reported there was too little temperature data from the Southern Hemisphere to draw any reliable conclusions .
The report , prepared by German , Japanese and American specialists , appeared in the Dec. 15 issue of Nature , the British journal and stated that “ Data from the Southern Hemisphere , particularly south of latitude 30 south , are so meager that reliable conclusions are not possible , ” the report says .
“ Ships travel on well - established routes so that vast areas of ocean , are simply not traversed by ships at all , and even those that do , may not return weather data on route .
Attempting to compile a ‘ global mean temperature ’ for 70 % of the earth from such fragmentary , disorganized , error - ridden and geographically unbalanced data is more guesswork than science .
As to sea surface temperatures ( SST ) , this data is even more fragmentary than the air temperature readings .
Prior to around 1940 , SST was collected by throwing buckets over the side of a ship , hoisting it on deck and dipping a thermometer in it .
Bucket data is only useful for immediate weather prediction purposes , not for long - term statistical climatic analysis .
Any other data collected in such bizarre ways would be laughed out of any other scientific forum . ”
“ Since the 1980s and 1990s we have satellites to measure SST [ 22 ] using infra-red sensors ( not to be confused with the MSU instruments which measure the atmosphere ) .
Unfortunately , satellites sensing SSTs in the infra-red can only see the immediate water surface , not the water even a few centimetres deeper .
This is because infra-red radiation at these wavebands ( around 10 microns ) cannot penetrate water at all , and so the satellite can only ‘ see ’ that top millimetre .
This can result in both warm and cool errors .
On hot still days , the top centimetre of the ocean surface can be much warmer than waters a few centimetres deeper , similar to the same phenomenon which can be observed in any undisturbed outdoor swimming pool .
On windy days , there is no such difference due to wave mixing .
There is also an intermittent ’ thermal skin effect where the top millimetre of water on calm seas can be up to 0.3C cooler than the water just beneath the ‘ skin ’ due to evaporation taking place on the surface .
For these reasons , SSTs taken from satellites are only accurate to within a few tenths of a degree , adequate for immediate meteorological purposes or detecting an El Nino , but not suited to measuring subtle global climatic changes of a few tenths of a degree . ”
John Daly
========
See the Superbowl of Data Tampering by Tony Heller :
--------------
All our efforts are volunteer ( pro-bono ) .
Help us with a donation if you can ( left column ) .
(0 ) Permalink
Posted on 02/04 at 12:03 PM
(0 ) Trackbacks
Lest we forget -
Progressive Eco-Group Admits
It : Renewable Energy
Is a Hoax that Benefits its Greenie Elmer Gantries like Al Gore
By John Eidson
Independent physicist John Droz , Jr. alerted me to the website of Deep Green Resistance ( DGR ) , an international environmental organization that calls for the total destruction of what it refers to as the “ global industrial economy , ” AKA capitalism .
Given the group ’s hard - left credentials , its call for dismantling capitalism throughout the world is not surprising .
What is surprising is that in an unusual show of progressive candor , Deep Green Resistance openly acknowledges what skeptical scientists have been saying for more than two decades : that renewable energy is a government - backed hoax that enriches big corporations - and green energy investors like Al Gore - at the expense of taxpayers and the environment .
If you find that admission hard to believe , please keep reading .
The questions and answers below are verbatim from the FAQ page on the organization ’s website .
Will green technology save the planet ?
No .
Wind turbines , solar PV panels , and the grid itself are all manufactured using cheap energy from fossil fuels .
When fossil fuel costs begin to rise such highly manufactured items will simply cease to be feasible .
Solar panels and wind turbines are n’t made out of nothing .
They are made out of metals , plastics , and chemicals .
These products have been mined out of the ground , transported , processed , manufactured .
Each stage leaves behind a trail of devastation : habitat destruction , water contamination , colonization , toxic waste , slave labor , greenhouse gas emissions , wars , and corporate profits .
The basic ingredients for renewables are the same materials that are ubiquitous in industrial products , like cement and aluminum .
No one is going to make cement in any quantity without using the energy of fossil fuels .
And aluminum ?
The mining itself is a destructive and toxic nightmare from which riparian communities will not awaken in anything but geologic time .
From beginning to end , so called “ renewable energy ” and other “ green technologies ” lead to the destruction of the planet .
These technologies are rooted in the same industrial extraction and production processes that have rampaged across the world for the last 150 years .
We are not concerned with slightly reducing the harm caused by industrial civilization ; we are interested in stopping that harm completely .
Doing so will require dismantling the global industrial economy , which will render impossible the creation of these technologies .
Will renewable energy save the economy ?
Renewable energy technologies rely heavily on government subsidies , taken from taxpayers and given directly to large corporations like General Electric , BP , Samsung , and Mitsubishi .
While the scheme pads their bottom lines , it does n’t help the rest of us .
Further , this is the wrong question to ask .
The industrial capitalist economy is dispossessing and impoverishing billions of humans and killing the living world .
Renewable energy depends on centralized capital and power imbalance .
We do n’t benefit from saving that system .
Instead of advocating for more industrial technology , we need to move to local economies based on community decision - making and what our local landbases can provide sustainably .
And we need to stop the global economy on which renewable energy depends .
“ Stopping the global economy ” means destroying the capitalist system that created here in America the most widespread prosperity the world has ever known .
That a progressive eco -group would admit that the true agenda behind the push for renewable energy has nothing to do with “ saving the planet ” and everything to do with destroying capitalism is quite remarkable .
To reinforce its position that renewable energy is a hoax , DGR ’s website has a cartoon that shows dollar bills being sucked from a wind turbine directly into the pocket of a fat cat investor in subsidized green energy projects .
The Elmer Gantry of renewable energy
Few insiders have profited more from taxpayer - backed renewable energy projects than Al Gore .
When he left the vice presidency in 2001 , his net worth was estimated at $ 1 million to $ 2 million .
Since then , his wealth has skyrocketed to $ 300 million , and if the climate change legislation he advocates is enacted , the former vice president stands to become a billionaire .
Much of his enviable fortune has come from being an inside investor in government - backed renewable energy projects , many of which went belly up after the insiders made off with millions , leaving hardworking U.S. taxpayers stuck with the bill .
Like all wealthy eco-preachers , the Elmer Gantry of renewable energy uses his immense wealth to indulge in lavish living .
When asked by Rep. Marsha Blackburn during his 2009 testimony before Congress whether he personally profits from his advocacy of global warming , Pastor Al professed a vow of poverty , and if you ’ve never seen video of the tense encounter , you do n’t want to miss it : “ Every penny I have made I have put into a non-profit deal , the Alliance for Climate Protection , to spread awareness of why we have to take on this challenge .
And Congresswoman , if you believe the reason I have been working on this issue for 30 years is out of greed , you do not know me .
Turned out Rep. Blackburn knows him quite well .
As the greedy owner of a gargantuan green energy fortune , Pastor Al looked her squarely in the eye and denied making even a penny of profit .
If every penny he makes goes into a non-profit deal , how did he end up with $ 300 million ?
The same way his alter ego pilfered money from the Lord : by concealing his true stripes .
As the social Utopians at Deep Green Resistance openly acknowledge , the push for a “ green economy ” is a scam that enriches big corporations and fat - cat investors like Al Gore .
Shortly after teen climate activist Greta Thunberg gave an emotion - charged speech at the U.N. last September , I wrote about the renewable energy hoax in “ The Cynical Plot behind Global Warming Hysteria . ”
If not for a totally corrupt Western media , two things would have happened years ago : man -made global warming theory would have been blown out of the water , and Pastor Al would have been called out as the self - righteous hypocrite he is .
An electrical engineering graduate of Georgia Tech and now retired , John Eidson is a freelance writer in Atlanta .
------------
Alarmist Claim Rebuttals
Below are a series of rebuttals of the 11 most common climate alarmists ’ claims such as those made in the recently released Fourth National Climate Assessment Report .
[ 2 ]
The authors of these rebuttals are all recognized experts in the relevant
For each alarmist claim , a summary of the relevant rebuttal is provided below along with a link to the full text of the rebuttal , which includes the names and the credentials of the authors of each rebuttal .
Heat Waves - have been decreasing since the 1930s in the U.S. and globally Link Check for yourself at the data from the WMO here .
Hurricanes - this decade just ended as the second quietest for landfalling hurricanes and landfalling major hurricanes in the U.S since the 1850s .
Link
Tornadoes - the number of strong tornadoes have declined over the last half century .
Link
Droughts and Floods - no statistically significant trends .
Link
Wildfires - decreasing since the very active 1800s .
The increase in damage in recent years is due to population growth in vulnerable areas and poor forest management .
Link NASA Earth Observatory shows here that globally fire acreage has declined 25 % since 2003
Snowfall - increasing in the fall and winter in the Northern Hemisphere and North America with many records being set .
Link
Sea level - the rate of global sea level rise on average has fallen by 40 % the last century .
Where it is increasing - local factors such as land subsidence are to blame .
Link
Arctic , Antarctic and Greenland Ice - the polar ice varies with multidecadal cycles in ocean temperatures .
Current levels are comparable to or above historical low levels .
Link Link2
Alaska July 2019 heat records - this resulted from a warm North Pacific and reduced ice in the Bering Sea late winter due to strong storms .
Record ice extent occurred with record cold in 2012 .
Link
One of the coldest winters on record has followed with increased ice cover has followed .
Ocean Acidification - when life is considered , ocean acidification is often found to be a non-problem , or even a benefit .
Link
Carbon Pollution as a health hazard - carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) is an odorless invisible trace gas that is plant food and it is essential to life on the planet .
It is not a pollutant ..
Link
Climate change is endangering food supply - the vitality of global vegetation in both managed and unmanaged ecosystems is better off now than it was a hundred years ago , 50 years ago , or even a mere two - to - three decades ago thanks in part to CO2 .
Link Video
See the full rebuttal and links to the details here .
See how The Green New Deal Would Be An Environmental Disaster here
(0 ) Permalink
Posted on 01/21 at 04:01 PM
(0 ) Trackbacks
Exposing the lies continues and has now breached the walls of the journal Nature .
Ocean acidification does not impair the behaviour of coral reef fishes ( link ) .
Also
CO2 Emissions , Fossil Fuel Use and Human Longevity ( Uploaded 9 January 2020 )
by Dr. Craig Idso , CO2 Science
This video segment discusses the fundamental link between CO2 emissions and global life expectancy .
It is patently false and borderline fraudulent to claim rising CO2 is enhancing human mortality rates , as many often do , when the data clearly demonstrate there are more people on earth today who are living longer and better lives because of rising CO2 and fossil fuel use …
Read a transcript of this video .
-----------
Anthony Sadar , Meteorologist
College campus climate change crusade
Predictions of climate gloom and doom have gotten more confident and dire with each passing year .
But the passing years have not been kind to the certainty of their fruition .
As a new academic semester gets underway at the beginning of this new decade , the college campus is where catastrophic climate change has actually happened over the most recent decades .
Like the inception of a violent storm , the destructive change had small beginnings .
The field of climatology in the 1970s , when I was a student of meteorology at Penn State , was rather cloistered , engaged in the tedious work of compiling facts and figures from decades of weather .
The science was focused on collecting , analyzing and disseminating data from local , regional and global observations .
Weather trends at the time indicated the potential return of ice - age conditions .
In the early 1980s , when the popular notion of an ice age from the 1970s was changing to machinations of the enhanced “ greenhouse effect , ” some of my university meteorology professors had their serious doubts about the new fervent forecast .
However , their challenges to the envisioned hothouse Earth faded as the fresh disaster paradigm quickly took hold .
A new air of superiority was advancing .
And with the atmospheric - science spotlight focused on climatology , climate scientists gained popular attention , including those in schools of higher learning , where groupthink can thrive and nurture intolerant stalks of “ knowledge ” .
Bad vibes from the hollow halls of academia result from perhaps the largest echo chamber on the planet .
Still , without the financial fertilization from the deep pockets of Uncle Sam via opportunistic politicians - who can help grow a rudimentary prognostication into an absolute certainty - the runaway greenhouse effect hypothesis would not have gotten too far beyond the parochial greenhouse .
The college campus can be fertile ground for the production of biased views devoid of helpful added nutrients .
Researchers whose entire knowledge tree is grown from grade school to grad school to professorship without leaving the schoolyard overlook the perspective found in real world working conditions .
They seem to develop a mistrust of , even an adversarial attitude toward , work - a - day scientists who are off school property .
A significant departure from the qualms over out - of - school contributions can be found in the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ’s triennial air quality modeling conferences that are required by the federal Clean Air Act .
The 12th modeling conference held last October in Research Triangle Park in North Carolina showed an example for cooperation .
I along with dozens of other air quality modelers from government , consulting and academia all had the opportunity to offer input to the federal government ’s efforts to identify the best techniques to represent simulated relationships among pollution sources , dispersion conditions and receptors .
And , yes , scientists who represented industry concerns were treated with the dignity and respect so often signaled , but not practiced , in collegiate circles .
Elsewhere , in private meteorological consulting , Joe Bastardi , an extraordinary weather forecaster and historian that I have known since our student days at Penn State , has demonstrated that so called extreme weather events - events that are promoted as exceptional - can be predicted in advance based on their natural occurrence in history .
Joe has shown how understanding of such inclement weather from the distant past ( i.e. , historic analogs ) can lead to more accurate forecasts of the imminent future .
And , if these events can be predicted from their previous occurrence , does n’t that call into question the claim that these events are somehow unusual and now based on human excesses ?
Nonetheless , the promotion of “ extreme weather ” is a brilliant strategy by those pushing disastrous climate change .
After all , everyone experiences such weather .
Weather extremes can become personal proof of disastrous climate change , especially to children who have a limited history of such events .
No wonder kids skip class to air their angst in protest and even become passionate enough to be awarded “ Person of the Year ” recognition .
Fanning the flames of future futility are arrogant academicians along with science gurus , politicians , the media , Hollywood and all sorts of pious personages ( holier - than - thou virtue signalers and sanctimonious scolds ) .
Regardless of the brand of climate crusaders or source of any current turmoil in the troposphere , imagined or real , the actual global climate is likely to change for the better long before the climate brightens on college campuses .
Anthony J. Sadar is a certified consulting meteorologist and author of “ In Global Warming We Trust : Too Big to Fail ” ( Stairway Press , 2016 ) .
(0 ) Permalink
Posted on 01/10 at 06:19 AM
(0 ) Trackbacks
DR . TIM BALL
The CO2 error is the root of the biggest scam in the history of the world , and has already bilked nations and citizens out of trillions of dollars , while greatly enriching the perpetrators .
In the end , their goal is global Technocracy ( aka Sustainable Development ) , which grabs and sequesters all the resources of the world into a collective trust to be managed by them .
⁃ TN Editor
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) claim of human - caused global warming ( AGW ) is built on the assumption that an increase in atmospheric CO2 causes an increase in global temperature .
The IPCC claim is what science calls a theory , a hypothesis , or in simple English , a speculation .
Every theory is based on a set of assumptions .
The standard scientific method is to challenge the theory by trying to disprove it .
Karl Popper wrote about this approach in a 1963 article , Science as Falsification .
Douglas
Yates said ,
“ No scientific theory achieves public acceptance until it has been thoroughly discredited . ”
Thomas Huxley made a similar observation .
“ The improver of natural knowledge absolutely refuses to acknowledge authority , as such .
For him , skepticism is the highest of duties ; blind faith the one unpardonable sin . ”
In other words , all scientists must be skeptics , which makes a mockery out of the charge that those who questioned AGW , were global warming skeptics .
Michael Shermer provides a likely explanation for the effectiveness of the charge .
“ Scientists are skeptics .
It ’s unfortunate that the word ‘ skeptic ’ has taken on other connotations in the culture involving nihilism and cynicism .
Really , in its pure and original meaning , it ’s just thoughtful inquiry . ”
The scientific method was not used with the AGW theory .
In fact , the exact opposite occurred , they tried to prove the theory .
It is a treadmill guaranteed to make you misread , misrepresent , misuse and selectively choose data and evidence .
This is precisely what the IPCC did and continued to do .
A theory is used to produce results .
The results are not wrong , they are only as right as the assumptions on which they are based .
For example , Einstein used his theory of relativity to produce the most famous formula in the world ; e = mc2 .
You cannot prove it wrong mathematically because it is the end product of the assumptions he made .
To test it and disprove it , you challenge one or all of the assumptions .
One of these is represented by the letter “ c ” in the formula , which assumes nothing can travel faster than the speed of light .
Scientists challenging the theory are looking for something moving faster than the speed of light .
The most important assumption behind the AGW theory is that an increase in global atmospheric CO2 will cause an increase in the average annual global temperature .
The problem is that in every record of temperature and CO2 , the temperature changes first .
Think about what I am saying .
The basic assumption on which the entire theory that human activity is causing global warming or climate change is wrong .
The questions are how did the false assumption develop and persist ?
The answer is the IPCC needed the assumption as the basis for their claim that humans were causing catastrophic global warming for a political agenda .
They did what all academics do and found a person who gave historical precedence to their theory .
In this case , it was the work of Svante Arrhenius .
The problem is he did n’t say what they claim .
Anthony Watts ’ 2009 article identified many of the difficulties with relying on Arrhenius .
The Friends of Science added confirmation when they translated a more obscure 1906 Arrhenius work .
They wrote ,
Much discussion took place over the following years between colleagues , with one of the main points being the similar effect of water vapour in the atmosphere which was part of the total figure .
Some rejected any effect of CO2 at all .
There was no effective way to determine this split precisely , but in 1906 Arrhenius amended his view of how increased carbon dioxide would affect climate .
The issue of Arrhenius mistaking a water vapor effect for a CO2 effect is not new .
What is new is that the growing level of empirical evidence that the warming effect of CO2 , known as climate sensitivity , is zero .
This means Arrhenius colleagues who “ rejected any effect of CO2 at all ” are correct .
In short , CO2 is not a greenhouse gas .
The IPCC through the definition of climate change given them by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) were able to predetermine their results .
a change of climate which is attributed directly or indirectly to human activity that alters the composition of the global atmosphere and which is in addition to natural climate variability observed over considerable time periods .
This allowed them to only examine human - causes , thus eliminating almost all other variables of climate and climate change .
You cannot identify the human portion if you do n’t know or understand natural , that is without human , climate or climate change .
IPCC acknowledged this in 2007 as people started to ask questions about the narrowness of their work .
They offered the one that many people thought they were using and should have been using .
Deceptively , it only appeared as a footnote in the 2007 Summary for Policymakers ( SPM ) , so it was aimed at the politicians .
It said ,
“ Climate change in IPCC usage refers to any change in climate over time , whether due to natural variability or as a result of human activity .
This usage differs from that in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change , where climate change refers to a change of climate that is attributed directly or indirectly to human activity that alters the composition of the global atmosphere and that is in addition to natural climate variability observed over comparable time periods . ”
Few at the time challenged the IPCC assumption that an increase in CO2 caused an increase in global temperature .
The IPCC claimed it was true because when they increased CO2 in their computer models , the result was a temperature increase .
Of course , because the computer was programmed for that to happen .
These computer models are the only place in the world where a CO2 increase precedes and causes a temperature change .
This probably explains why their predictions are always wrong .
An example of how the definition allowed the IPCC to focus on CO2 is to consider the major greenhouse gases by name and percentage of the total .
They are water vapour ( H20 ) 95 % , carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) 4 % , and methane ( CH4 ) 0.036 % .
The IPCC was able to overlook water vapor ( 95 % ) by admitting humans produce some , but the amount is insignificant relative to the total atmospheric volume of water vapour .
The human portion of the CO2 in the atmosphere is approximately 3.4 % of the total CO2 ( Figure 1 ) To put that in perspective , approximately a 2 % variation in water vapour completely overwhelms the human portion of CO2 .
This is entirely possible because water vapour is the most variable gas in the atmosphere , from region to region and over time .
Figure 1 Enlarged
In 1999 , after two IPCC Reports were produced in 1990 and 1995 assuming a CO2 increase caused a temperature increase , the first significant long term Antarctic ice core record appeared .
Petit , Raynaud , and Lorius were presented as the best representation of levels of temperature , CO2 , and deuterium over 420,000 - years .
It appeared the temperature and CO2 were rising and falling in concert , so the IPCC and others assumed this proved that CO2 was causing temperature variation .
I recall Lorius warning against rushing to judgment and saying there was no indication of such a connection .
Euan Mearns noted in his robust assessment that the authors believed that temperature increase preceded CO2 increase .
In their seminal paper on the Vostok Ice Core , Petit et al ( 1999 ) [ 1 ] note that CO2 lags temperature during the onset of glaciations by several thousand years but offer no explanation .
They also observe that CH4 and CO2 are not perfectly aligned with each other but offer no explanation .
The significance of these observations are therefore ignored .
At the onset of glaciations temperature drops to glacial values before CO2 begins to fall suggesting that CO2 has little influence on temperature modulation at these times .
Lorius reconfirmed his position in a 2007 article .
“ our [ East Antarctica , Dome C ] ice core shows no indication that greenhouse gases have played a key role in such a coupling [ with radiative forcing ] ”
Despite this , those promoting the IPCC claims ignored the empirical evidence .
They managed to ignore the facts and have done so to this day .
Joanne Nova explains part of the reason they were able to fool the majority in her article , “ The 800 year lag in CO2 after temperature - graphed . ” when she wrote confirming the Lorius concern .
“ It ’s impossible to see a lag of centuries on a graph that covers half a million years , so I have regraphed the data from the original sources ... ”
Nova concluded after expanding and more closely examining the data that ,
The bottom line is that rising temperatures cause carbon levels to rise .
Carbon may still influence temperatures , but these ice cores are neutral on that .
If both factors caused each other to rise significantly , positive feedback would become exponential .
We ’d see a runaway greenhouse effect .
It has n’t happened .
Some other factor is more important than carbon dioxide , or carbon ’s role is minor .
Al Gore knew the ice core data showed temperature changing first .
In his propaganda movie , An Inconvenient Truth he separated the graph of temperature and CO2 enough to make a comparison of the two graphs more difficult .
He then distracted with Hollywood histrionics by riding up on a forklift to the distorted 20th century reading .
Thomas Huxley said ,
“ The great tragedy of science - the slaying of a lovely hypothesis by an ugly fact . ”
The most recent ugly fact was that after 1998 CO2 levels continued to increase but global temperatures stopped increasing .
Other ugly facts included the return of cold , snowy winters creating a PR problem by 2004 .
Cartoons appeared ( Figure 2 . )
Figure 2 Enlarged
The people controlling the AGW deception were aware of what was happening .
Emails from 2004 leaked from the University of East Anglia revealed the concern .
Nick at the Minns / Tyndall Centre that handled publicity for the climate story said ,
“ In my experience , global warming freezing is already a bit of a public relations problem with the media . ”
Swedish climate expert on the IPCC Bo Kjellen replied ,
“ I agree with Nick that climate change might be a better labelling than global warming . ”
The disconnect between atmospheric CO2 levels and global temperatures continued after 1998 .
The level of deliberate blindness of what became known as the “ pause ” or the hiatus became ridiculous ( Figure 3 ) .
Figure 3 Enlarged
The assumption that an increase in CO2 causes an increase in temperature was incorrectly claimed in the original science by Arrhenius .
He mistakenly attributed the warming caused by water vapour ( H2O ) to CO2 .
All the evidence since confirms the error .
This means CO2 is not a greenhouse gas .
There is a greenhouse effect , and it is due to the water vapour .
The entire claim that CO and especially human CO2 is absolutely wrong , yet these so - called scientists convinced the world to waste trillions on reducing CO2 .
If you want to talk about collusion , consider the cartoon in Figure 4 .
Figure 4 Enlarged
(0 ) Permalink
Posted on 01/03 at 10:19 AM (0 ) Trackbacks
It has been an up and down year but we are thankful for our many blessings .
Thank you for your much needed and appreciated support in 2019 .
2020 is a very critical year in our effort to get the science back on the right track .
The AMS and AGU are celebrating their 100th Anniversary but after decades of laudable work , they have with off the rails climate folks at NOAA and NASA are presenting dodgy attribution work to keep the money train on the track which endangers our energy dominance / affordability and near full employment .
Many companies , even energy and auto , and politicians ( democrats and some republicans ) are pushing some form of carbon taxes if not abandonment of fossil fuels with plan for unreliable renewables .
Icecap has been here now for 13 years - with 122 million page hits .
Be sure to use the Search Icecap function to find previous posts on any topic .
See also our sister sites :
Alarmist Claim Research is a site where a team of scientists has fact checked the 12 common alarmist claims .
Be sure to click on the link to the detailed write - ups after the summaries with more detail and graphics here .
THSResearch which started with an analysis of the failed GHG climate models projection of the Tropical Hotspot here and the GAST report has been followed by many more analyses here .
Then there is a site developed for a roommate engineer at Wisconsin - mainly focused on technology and energy issues ( here ) .
Of course , my focus has been on Weatherbell.com since 2011 - with daily posts on weather and climate and commercial posts and video .
We have an excellent model and video service for weather enthusiasts .
------------
Here is a holiday story :
It ’s that time of year for favorite old holiday movies
The movie “ It ’s a Wonderful Life ” , like A Christmas Story are perennial favorites .
It ’s a Wonderful Life was produced by Frank Capra who produced many classic movies .
The snow scenes look like upstate New York or New England in winter .
It may surprise you that the Bedford Falls set was in warm and sunny California :
It covered four acres of the RKO ranch [ in Encino , Calif . ] and included 75 stores and buildings , a tree - lined center parkway with 20 fully grown oak trees , a factory district and residential areas .
Main Street was 300 yards long , or three full - length city blocks .
The snow was fake snow .
Frank Capra - who trained as an engineer - and special effects supervisor Russell Shearman engineered a new type of artificial snow for the film .
At the time , painted corn flakes were the most common form of fake snow , but they posed a bit of an audio problem for Capra .
So he and Shearman opted to mix foamite ( the stuff you find in fire extinguishers ) with sugar and water to create a less noisy option .
Here were the fans that blew the snow over the set .
Watch animation .
The film was done in the summer I was born and filming at times occurred during a heat wave , which forced them to shut down for days .
Though they were romping in what looked like snow , they were perspiring .
Though not popular in its day , the movie became a holiday favorite on TV and ranked number one on its list of the most inspirational American films of all time .
One more note : when I was watching It ’s a Wonderful Life last week and saw someone playing the rent collector for Potter ( Lionel Barrymore ) who looked very familiar .
It was Charles Lane - here was a photo of him .
Charles Lane was an amazing man who appeared in 250 movies over 80 years and lived to 102 years of age !!!!
He is very much the actor extraordinaire .
See the incredible list here
It occurred to me , he was the spitting image of John Podesta , Clinton and Obama advisor .
(0 ) Permalink
Posted on 12/21 at 11:08 AM
(0 ) Trackbacks
Exposing the lies continues and has now breached the walls of the journal Nature .
Ocean acidification does not impair the behaviour of coral reef fishes ( link ) .
Also
CO2 Emissions , Fossil Fuel Use and Human Longevity ( Uploaded 9 January 2020 )
by Dr. Craig Idso , CO2 Science
This video segment discusses the fundamental link between CO2 emissions and global life expectancy .
It is patently false and borderline fraudulent to claim rising CO2 is enhancing human mortality rates , as many often do , when the data clearly demonstrate there are more people on earth today who are living longer and better lives because of rising CO2 and fossil fuel use …
Read a transcript of this video .
-----------
The Toxic Rhetoric of Climate Change
by Judith Curry
“ I genuinely have the fear that climate change is going to kill me and all my family , I ’m not even kidding it ’s all I have thought about for the last 9 months every second of the day .
It ’s making my sick to my stomach , I ’m not eating or sleeping and I ’m getting panic attacks daily .
It ’s currently 1 am and I can’t sleep as I ’m petrified .
- Young adult in the UK
Letter from a worried young adult in the UK
I received this letter last nite , via email :
“ I have no idea if this is an accurate email of your but I just found it and thought I ’d take a chance .
My name is Elan I ’m 20 years old from the UK .
I have been well the only word to describe it is suffering as I genuinely have the fear that climate change is going to kill me and all my family , I ’m not even kidding it ’s all I have thought about for the last 9 months every second of the day .
It ’s making my sick to my stomach , I ’m not eating or sleeping and I ’m getting panic attacks daily .
It ’s currently 1 am and I can’t sleep as I ’m petrified .
I ’ve tried to do my own research , I ’ve tried everything .
I ’m not stupid , I ’m a pretty rational thinker but at this point sometimes I literally wish I was n’t born , I ’m just so miserable and Petrified .
I ’ve recently made myself familiar with your work and would be so appreciative of any findings you can give me or hope or advice over email .
I ’m already vegetarian and I recycle everything so I ’m really trying .
Please help me .
In anyway you can .
I ’m at my wits end here . ”
JC ’s response
We have been hearing increasingly shrill rhetoric from Extinction Rebellion and other activists about the ‘ existential threat ’ of the ‘ climate crisis ’ , ‘ runaway climate chaos ’ , etc .
In a recent op - ed , Greta Thunberg stated : “ Around 2030 we will be in a position to set off an irreversible chain reaction beyond human control that will lead to the end of our civilization as we know it . ”
From the Extinction Rebellion : “ It is understood that we are facing an unprecedented global emergency .
We are in a life or death situation of our own making . ”
It is more difficult tune out similar statements from responsible individuals representing the United Nations .
In his opening remarks for the UN Climate Change Conference this week in Madrid ( COP25 ) , UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres said that “ the point of no -return is no longer over the horizon . ”
Hoesung Lee , the Chair for the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , said “ if we stay on our current path , [ we ] threaten our existence on this planet . ”
So … exactly what should we be worried about ?
Consider the following statistics :
Over the past century , there has been a 99 % decline in the death toll from natural disasters , during the same period that the global population quadrupled .
While global economic losses from weather and climate disasters have been increasing , this is caused by increasing population and property in vulnerable locations .
Global weather losses as a percent of global GDP have declined about 30 % since 1990 .
While the IPCC has estimated that sea level could rise by 0.6 meters by 2100 , recall that the Netherlands adapted to living below sea level 400 years ago .
Crop yields continue to increase globally , surpassing what is needed to feed the world .
Agricultural technology matters more than climate .
The proportion of world population living in extreme poverty declined from 36 % in 1990 to 10 % in 2015 .
While many people may be unaware of this good news , they do react to each weather or climate disaster in the news .
Activist scientists and the media quickly seize upon each extreme weather event as having the fingerprints of manmade climate change - ignoring the analyses of more sober scientists showing periods of even more extreme weather in the first half of the 20th century , when fossil fuel emissions were much smaller .
So . . . why are we so worried about climate change ?
The concern over climate change is not so much about the warming that has occurred over the past century .
Rather , the concern is about what might happen in the 21st century as a result of increasing fossil fuel emissions .
Emphasis on ‘ might . ’
Alarming press releases are issued about each new climate model projection that predicts future catastrophes from famine , mass migrations , catastrophic fires , etc .
However these alarming scenarios of the 21st century climate change require that , like the White Queen in Alice and Wonderland , we believe ‘ six impossible things before breakfast ’ .
The most alarming scenarios of 21st century climate change are associated with the RCP8.5 greenhouse gas concentration scenario .
Often erroneously described as a ‘ business as usual ’ scenario , RCP8.5 assumes unrealistic trends long - term trends for population and a slowing of technological innovation .
Even more unlikely is the assumption that the world will largely be powered by coal .
In spite of the implausibility of this scenario , RCP8.5 is the favored scenario for publications based on climate model simulations .
In short , RCP8.5 is a very useful recipe for cooking up scenarios alarming impacts from manmade climate change .
Which are of course highlighted and then exaggerated by press releases and media reports .
Apart from the issue of how much greenhouse gases might increase , there is a great deal of uncertainty about much the planet will warm in response to a doubling of atmospheric carbon dioxide - referred to as ‘ equilibrium climate sensitivity ’ ( ECS ) .
The IPCC 5th Assessment Report ( 2013 ) provided a range between 1 and 6C , with a ‘ likely ’ range between 1.5 and 4.5C .
In the years since the 5th Assessment Report , the uncertainty has grown .
The latest climate model results - prepared for the forthcoming IPCC 6th Assessment Report - shows that a majority of the climate models are producing values of ECS exceeding 5C .
The addition of poorly understood additional processes into the models has increased confusion and uncertainty .
At the same time , refined efforts to determine values of the equilibrium climate sensitivity from the historical data record obtain values of ECS about 1.6C , with a range from 1.05 to 2.7C .
With this massive range of uncertainty in the values of equilibrium climate sensitivity , the lowest value among the climate models is 2.3C , with few models having values below 3C .
Hence the lower end of the range of ECS is not covered by the climate models , resulting in temperature projections for the 21st century that are biased high , with a smaller range relative to the range of uncertainty in ECS .
With regards to sea level rise , recent U.S. national assessment reports have included a worst - case sea level rise scenario for the 21st century of 2.5 m.
Extreme estimates of sea level rise rely on RCP8.5 and climate model simulations that are on average running too hot relative to the uncertainty range of ECS .
The most extreme scenarios of 21st century sea level rise are based on speculative and poorly understood physical processes that are hypothesized to accelerate the collapse of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet .
However , recent research indicates that these processes are very unlikely to influence sea level rise in the 21st century .
To date , in most of the locations that are most vulnerable to sea level rise , local sinking from geological processes and land use has dominated over sea level rise from global warming .
To further complicate climate model projections for the 21st century , the climate models focus only on manmade climate change - they make no attempt to predict natural climate variations from the sun ’s output , volcanic eruptions and long - term variations in ocean circulation patterns .
We have no idea how natural climate variability will play out in the 21st century , and whether or not natural variability will dominate over man made warming .
We still do n’t have a realistic assessment of how a warmer climate will impact us and whether it is ‘ dangerous . ’
We do n’t have a good understanding of how warming will influence future extreme weather events .
Land use and exploitation by humans is a far bigger issue than climate change for species extinction and ecosystem health .
We have been told that the science of climate change is ‘ settled ’ .
However , in climate science there has been a tension between the drive towards a scientific ‘ consensus ’ to support policy making , versus exploratory research that pushes forward the knowledge frontier .
Climate science is characterized by a rapidly evolving knowledge base and disagreement among experts .
Predictions of 21st century climate change are characterized by deep uncertainty .
As noted in a recent paper co-authored by Dr. Tim Palmer of Oxford University , there is “ deep dissatisfaction with the ability of our models to inform society about the pace of warming plays out regionally , and what it implies for the likelihood of surprises .
"
Unfortunately , [ climate scientists ] circling the wagons leads to false impressions about the source of our confidence and about our ability to meet the scientific challenges posed by a world that we know is warming globally . ”
We have not only oversimplified the problem of climate change , but we have also oversimplified its ‘ solution ’ .
Even if you accept the climate model projections and that warming is dangerous , there is disagreement among experts regarding whether a rapid acceleration away from fossil fuels is the appropriate policy response .
In any event , rapidly reducing emissions from fossil fuels to ameliorate the adverse impacts of extreme weather events in the near term increasingly looks like magical thinking .
Climate change - both manmade and natural - is a chronic problem that will require continued management over the coming centuries .
We have been told that climate change is an ‘ existential crisis . ’
However , based upon our current assessment of the science , the climate threat is not an existential one , even in its most alarming hypothetical incarnations .
However , the perception of manmade climate change as a near - term apocalypse and has narrowed the policy options that we ’re willing to consider .
The perceived ‘ urgency ’ of drastically reducing fossil fuel emissions is forcing us to make near term decisions that may be suboptimal for the longer term .
Further , the monomaniacal focus on elimination of fossil fuel emissions distracts our attention from the primary causes of many of our problems that we might have more success in addressing in the near term .
Common sense strategies to reduce vulnerability to extreme weather events , improve environmental quality , develop better energy technologies and increase access to grid electricity , improve agricultural and land use practices , and better manage water resources can pave the way for a more prosperous and secure future .
Each of these solutions is ‘ no regrets ’- supporting climate change mitigation while improving human well being .
These strategies avoid the political gridlock surrounding the current policies and avoid costly policies that will have minimal near - term impacts on the climate .
And finally , these strategies do n’t require agreement about the risks of uncontrolled greenhouse gas emissions .
We do n’t know how the climate of the 21st century will evolve , and we will undoubtedly be surprised .
Given this uncertainty , precise emissions targets and deadlines are scientifically meaningless .
We can avoid much of the political gridlock by implementing common sense , no -regrets strategies that improve energy technologies , lift people out of poverty and make them more resilient to extreme weather events .
The extreme rhetoric of the Extinction Rebellion and other activists is making political agreement on climate change policies more difficult .
Exaggerating the dangers beyond credibility makes it difficult to take climate change seriously .
On the other hand , the extremely alarmist rhetoric has frightened the bejesus out of children and young adults .
JC message to children and young adults :
Do n’t believe the hype that you are hearing from Extinction Rebellion and the like .
Rather than going on strike or just worrying , take the time to learn something about the science of climate change .
The IPCC reports are a good place to start ; for a critical perspective on the IPCC , Climate Etc. is a good resource .
Climate change manmade and / or natural along with extreme weather events , provide reasons for concern .
However , the rhetoric and politics of climate change have become absolutely toxic and nonsensical .
In the meantime , live your best life .
Trying where you can to lessen your impact on the planet is a worthwhile thing to do .
Societal prosperity is the best insurance policy that we have for reducing our vulnerability to the vagaries of weather and climate .
JC message to Extinction Rebellion and other doomsters :
Not only do you know nothing about climate change , you also appear to know nothing of history .
You are your own worst enemy - you are triggering a global backlash against doing anything sensible about protecting our environment or reducing our vulnerability to extreme weather .
You are making young people miserable , who have n’t yet experienced enough of life to place this nonsense in context .
(0 ) Permalink
Posted on 12/14 at 11:55 AM
(0 ) Trackbacks
November 22 , 2019 / Francis Menton
If you get most of your news passively by just reading what comes up in some kind of Facebook or Google feed or equivalent , you probably have the impression that the Climate Wars are over and the Climate Campaigners have swept the field of battle .
In my case , I certainly do n’t rely on those kinds of toxic sources of information , but I do regularly monitor many of the media sources in the “ mainstream ” category - the New York Times , the Washington Post , Bloomberg , the Economist , Politico , and several of the television networks like CBS , ABC , NBC and CNN .
All of those ( and plenty more ) have clearly put an absolute ban on any news or information that would cast even the slightest negative light on the proposition that there is an imminent “ climate crisis ” that must be solved by government transformation of the world economy .
I ’ll give a couple of examples of the lengths to which this has gone .
Back in September , mentally unstable Swedish teenager Greta Thunberg , whose only qualification was her ignorant passion for climate extremism , got the platform of the UN “ Climate Action Summit ” for a big speech .
Excerpt :
You have stolen my dreams and my childhood with your empty words .
And yet I ’m one of the lucky ones .
People are suffering .
People are dying .
Entire ecosystems are collapsing .
We are in the beginning of a mass extinction , and all you can talk about is money and fairy tales of eternal economic growth .
How dare you !
You would think that sane people would want to stay as far from Greta as possible lest they get accused of child abuse .
But instead , Greta is feted as a heroine .
In October something called the Nordic Council awarded young Greta its 2019 Environmental Award .
( It seems that she has rejected the award , thus claiming for herself an even higher level of holiness among true believers . )
Meanwhile , over in Germany , a German think tank called the European Institute for Climate and Energy ( EIKE in the German acronym ) planned to hold a climate conference this past weekend at a hotel called the NH in Munich .
From NoTricksZone November 19 :
According to EIKE spokesman , Prof. Horst - Joachim Ludecke , “ a left - green mob ” pressured the hotel management of the NH Congress Center in Munich ( Aschheim ) “ to illegally cancel the accommodation contract ” .
Apparently , the unforgivable sin of EIKE was allowing some scientists from the skeptic camp to appear and speak at their conference .
EIKE went to court to try to get an injunction against the last - minute cancelation of their contract , but the German court upheld the cancelation on the ground that “ security ” concerns trumped free speech .
NTZ indicates in an update that the conference was able to find an alternative location at the last minute and to proceed ; but of course , the last - minute change of venue and secret location were huge negatives in trying to get any publicity for the conference .
So the very last vestiges of dissent are in the process of getting stamped out .
Surely then , the transformation of the world economy and of its use of energy cannot be stopped .
Actually , out there in the world , reality continues to trump hysteria .
Do you remember reports from a couple of years ago that China was ceasing to develop fossil fuel power and was becoming a “ climate leader ” by going all in for trendy renewables wind and solar ?
Well , that was to fool the dopes .
Just this month , something called Global Energy Monitor is out with a new report on what ’s going on on the ground in China .
Bottom line : 148 gigawatts of coal - fired capacity under active construction or with construction being resumed after suspension .
The Global Energy Monitor people ( who seem to be associated with the End Coal campaign ) could not be more horrified :
[ A ] permitting spree [ from 2014 to 2016 ] brought a cohort of 245 GW of new projects nearly equivalent to the U.S. coal fleet ( 254 GW ) into the developmental pipeline , inflating what was already an overbuilt coal power fleet , with the average running hours for China ’s coal plants hovering around 50 % since 2015 .
Today , 147.7 GW of coal plants are either under active construction or under suspension and likely to be revived - an amount nearly equal to the existing coal power capacity of the European Union ( 150 GW ) …
Coal and power industry groups are proposing the central government increase total coal power capacity by 20 to 40 % to between 1,200 and 1,400 GW as part of China ’s 2035 infrastructure plan .
At 1400 GW of coal power capacity , China would be closing in on 6 times U.S. coal power capacity .
Why again are we bothering with this whole decarbonization thing ?
( H/t Global Warming Policy Foundation )
And over in Germany , the fantasy that wind power can be competitive with fossil fuel power also keeps running into the wall of the real world .
Der Spiegel reported on November 19 that the end of certain subsidies , along with opposition from local environmentalists who do n’t want forests of ugly wind turbines in their localities , has put the German ( and European ) wind industry in “ free fall ” .
The manufacturers of turbines and solar panels are dropping like flies , as subsidies are rolled back across Europe .
So - called ‘ green ’ jobs are a case of easy come , easy go .
The wind and solar ‘ industries ’ that gave birth to those jobs simply can’t survive without massive and endless subsidies , which means their days are numbered .
With the axe being taken to subsidies across the globe , their ultimate demise is a matter of when , not if .
The wind back in subsidies across Europe has all but destroyed the wind industry : in Germany this year a trifling 35 onshore wind turbines have been erected , so far .
Twelve countries in the European Union ( EU ) failed to install “ a single wind turbine ” last year .
Meanwhile , fracking in the U.S. continues to keep supplies of oil and gas plentiful , and prices reasonable .
Petrostates like Russia , Venezuela , Iran and Saudi Arabia are on the run .
So who is really winning the climate wars ?
----------------------
Nobody Will Stop Africa From Developing Its Fossil Fuel Resources
November 09 , 2019 / Francis Menton
In prior posts where I have addressed the futility of jurisdictions in the U.S. trying to “ save the planet ” by reducing their use of fossil fuels , my focus has generally been on China and India .
Those countries have huge populations ( about 1.4 billion each ) and still - poorly - developed energy infrastructure .
Of course they are going to continue to build power plants until everybody has access to reliable electricity .
And of course they are going to make use of coal , oil and natural gas , because those fossil fuels provide the cheapest and most reliable energy .
The ongoing increase in emissions from China and India as they build out their electricity systems and as their people acquire automobiles regularly swamps any minor emissions reductions that any jurisdictions in the U.S. can achieve .
But let us also not overlook Africa .
Africa ’s population is currently about 1.3 billion , but growing much faster than that of China or India .
The UN projects a population for Africa of 2.5 billion for 2050 , and 4 billion for 2100 .
Meanwhile , close to half of the current 1.3 billion Africans lack access to electricity ; and that number will only grow rapidly in the absence of rapid buildout of an electrical grid throughout the continent .
You may have seen predictions in certain quarters that Africa is going to “ go green ” as it gains access to energy .
But what is the reality on the ground ?
We can get a good indication by looking at what happened last week at the Africa Oil Week convention , held this year in Cape Town , South Africa .
Reuters had a report on the event , with the headline “ No apologies : Africans say their need for oil cash outweighs climate concerns . ”
It seems that the Africa Oil Week convention was attended by representatives of some 75 countries , including 23 energy ministers .
According to Reuters , unlike the scene at similar confabs held in Europe , at this one pretty much no one gave a hoot about the issue of “ climate change ” .
The tension keenly felt at oil conferences in Europe was largely absent over the three - day event in Cape Town ; there was little focus on climate change …
One after another , delegates interviewed by Reuters stated that they were not going to let non-Africans buffalo them into not developing their fossil fuel resources .
Examples :
From Gabriel Obiang Lima , energy minister of Equatorial Guinea : “ Under no circumstances are we going to be apologizing [ for developing our fossil fuel resources ] …
Anybody out of the continent saying we should not develop those [ oil ] fields , that is criminal . ”
From Gwede Mantashe , energy minister of South Africa : “ Energy is the catalyst for growth … [ Environmentalists ] even want to tell us to switch off all the coal - generated power stations , ” he said .
“ Until you tell them , ‘ you know we can do that , but you ’ll breathe fresh air in the darkness ’ . ”
From Noel Mboumba , hydrocarbons minister of Gabon : “ Oil is a major driver of development .
We will do all in our power to develop it . ”
Meanwhile , Africa News has a roundup from the same convention of various countries announcing plans to move forward on fossil fuel development and investment projects :
Senegal ’s Oil and Energy Minister Mahamadou Makhtar Cisse used the platform to launch … a licensing round of three blocks of sediment basin .
Angola ’s newly formed national oil , gas and biofuels agency , ANGP , announced that the country has formed a consortium with five international oil companies , including Eni and Chevron , to develop liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) …
Uganda is highlighting the ongoing second licensing round for oil exploration , which covers five highly prospective blocks with relatively good seismic and other data , Minister [ Irene ] Muloni said …
Ghana told AOW delegates that plans , revising its laws on oil and gas licenses , sent to parliament last week , are an effort to spur production …
Chairman of Mozambique ’s upstream regulator , INP , Carlos Zacarias announced that the country ’s long - awaited sixth licensing round is due to be launched early next year .
Somalian Minister of Petroleum and Mineral Resources Abdirashid Mohamed Ahmed said his country was embarked on a path to transform Somalia ’s petroleum industry and attract the attention of new investors …
Even as the Oil Week convention proceeded , outside the hotel , a small group of protesters from Extinction Rebellion did their thing , labeling the event a “ Climate Criminals Conference . ”
Here is a photograph from Reuters :
Notice that all of the protesters are white .
Their objective is to keep the poor poor .
Somehow they have convinced themselves that they have the moral high ground .
(0 ) Permalink
Posted on 11/23 at 10:27 AM
(0 ) Trackbacks
By Joseph D’Aleo , CCM
Many energy companies , auto and other corporations are increasing their support of the decarbonization programs and policies ( including taxes , mandated reduction of our use of fossil fuels , pushing not ready for prime time alternatives ) .
This has proved to be a disaster in all countries that followed this unwise radical enviro track .
See how a 2014 senate report showed there is a left wing billionaires club which has used environmentalism to control the economy and subvert democracy here .
We are working to educate the increasingly compliant organizations and key politicians at all levels .
We get no help from the media which refuses to cover any alternative views on this critical issue .
All our efforts ( posts , editorials , LTEs , videos , talks ( science teachers , taxpayers association , state legislators , Rotary Clubs , institutes ) , peer reviewed reports like this ) have been done pro-bono .
Attacks on us have always included claims we were funded by big oil and the Koch Brothers .
I wish .
If you can , please support our efforts with a donation ( secure PAYPAL button on the left ) .
-------------------------
CO2 - THE GAS OF LIFE
CO2 is a beneficial trace gas ( 0.04 % of our atmosphere ) .
With every breath we emit out 100 times more CO2 than we breathe in so it is not harmful .
The increase in CO2 has caused a significant greening of the earth , with increased crop yields feeding more people at lower cost .
Dr. Craig Idso of CO2 Science noted recently “ Carbon dioxide is not a pollutant and it is most certainly not causing dangerous global warming .
Rather , its increase in the atmosphere is invigorating the biosphere , producing a multitude of benefits for humanity and the natural world , notwithstanding the prognostications of the uninformed . ”
Dr. Will Happer , Princeton Physicist says we are coming out of a CO2 drought and humanity would benefit from CO2 being 2 to 3 times higher .
It ’s not the first time we were told we faced an existential threat due to climate change .
In 1970 , Stanford ’s Paul Ehrlich warned that because of population growth , climate stress ( then cold ) and dwindling energy that between 1980 and 1989 , some 4 billion people , including 65 million Americans , would perish in the “ Great Die - Off ” which was too late to stop .
Even as each subsequent dire forecast failed ( see how the alarmist / media record is perfect ( 100 % wrong ) in the 50 major claims made since 1950 here ) , the alarms continued , each pushing the date forward - 2000 , 2020 , and now 2030 .
This summer at Glacier National Park signs “ Warning : glaciers will be gone by 2020 ” were quietly removed as ice and snow increased .
A team of scientific experts evaluated the 12 most commonly reported claims and found them all unfounded - see .
The climate models used to predict the future have all failed miserably .
Heat records have declined since the 1930s , which holds 23 of the 50 state hottest ever temperature records .
This was the second quietest decade for landfalling hurricanes and major hurricanes since 1850 .
This was the quietest decade for tornadoes since tracking began in the 1950s .
Sea level rises have slowed to 4 inches / century globally .
Arctic ice has tracked with the 60 - year ocean cycles and is similar to where it was in the 1920s to 1950s .
NOAA could find no evidence of increased frequency of floods and droughts ( this spring had the smallest % of US in drought on record ) .
Snow which the university scientists here predicted would disappear , actually has set new records ( fall and winter ) for the hemisphere and North America , and both Boston and NYC have had more snow in the 10 years ending 2018 than any other 10 year period back to the late 1880s .
Wildfires cause havoc but were far more prevalent before the forest management , fire suppression and grazing of the 1900s .
They are problems now because more have left the failing cities to move out of state or to the beauty of the foothills .
The power lines to service them can spark new fires when the cold air rushes through the mountain passes this time of years downing trees onto the power lines .
In the U.S. , with low cost energy , lowered taxes and elimination of unnecessary regulations , we now have the lowest unemployment for the nation in decades or history and for the first time in a long time significant wage increases !
Here in NH , we have the lowest unemployment in the nation .
The U.S. is energy independent , a long time thought unachievable goal .
Our air and water is cleanest in our lifetimes well below the tough standards we put in place decades ago .
The real existential threat comes would come from radical environmentalism and the prescribed remedies .
The scare is politically driven , all about big government and control over every aspect of our lives .
AOC ’s chief of staff Saikat Chakrabarti in May admitted that the Green New Deal was not conceived as an effort to deal with climate change , but instead a “ how - do - you - change - the - entire economy thing ” - nothing more than a thinly veiled socialist takeover of the U.S. economy .
He was echoing what the climate change head of the UN climate chief and the UN IPCC Lead Author said - that is was our best chance to change the economic system ( to centralized control ) and redistribute wealth ( socialism ) .
The economy in every country that has moved down an extreme green path have seen skyrocketing energy costs - 3 times our levels .
Renewables are unreliable as the wind does n’t always blow nor the sun shine .
And do n’t believe the claims millions of green jobs would result .
In Spain , every green job created cost Spain $ 774,000 in subsidies and resulted in a loss of 2.2 real jobs .
Only 1 in 10 green jobs were permanent .
Industry left and in Spain unemployment rose to 27.5 % .
Many households in the countries that have gone green are said to be in “ energy poverty ” ( 25 % UK , 15 % Germany ) .
The elderly are said in winter to be forced to “ choose between heating and eating ” .
Extreme cold already kills 20 times more than heat according to a study of 74 million deaths in 13 countries .
Politicians in the northeast states are bragging that they stopped the natural gas pipeline , shut down nuclear and coal plants and blocked the northern Pass which would have delivered low cost hydropower from Canada .
In Concord , they are now scurrying to try and explain why electricity prices are 50 to 60 % higher than the national average here and are speculating they have not moved fast enough with wind and solar .
Several states have even established zero carbon emissions .
This will lead to soaring energy prices and life - threatening blackouts .
For a family of 4 in a modest house with 3 cars , the energy costs could increase over $ 10,000 / year ( based on a sample of households and their energy costs multiplied by 3 as has occurred in countries with a onerous green agenda ) .
And by the way like in Europe where this plan was enacted , many will lose their jobs .
They are being told what ( if ) they can drive and what they can eat .
Prosperity always delivers a better life AND environment than poverty .
“ If you do n’t know where you are going , you might end up somewhere else . ” Yogi Berra
Thank you for supporting ICECAP .
We present the opinions of many real scientists which are not driven by profit motive but the truth .
We are all sincerely worried about the policies that are based on political motivations and not science that could not only destroy prosperity so many have worked hard to achieve but also prevent the have - nots from becoming self sufficient and live more productive and fulfilling lives .
You see elitists and politicians recognize if people are self sufficient , they lose their power and control .
Along the same lines , we worry about our failing education system .
Instead of taxing hard working taxpayers to help our young people pay off college loan debt for useless degrees , perhaps we need to employ class action suits to go after universities and administrators , overpaid faculty and their bloated endowments .
(0 ) Permalink
Posted on 11/09 at 06:14 AM
(0 ) Trackbacks
By Joseph D’Aleo , CCM
Starting in January 2019 , unusual and at times record cold has been locked in over the north central states .
Enlarged
Though there was heat in late summer in the southeast and eastern Gulf to the Mid-Atlantic , the cold held in the north central .
After a very cold spring with late snows , which significantly delayed or prevented grain planting , a cool summer followed and gave way to a very early cold shot in late September that brought early deep freezes and even record snows in the north central leading to significant crop losses .
There have been 90 all - time record lows versus just 44 all - time record highs this year .
That included the all time state record low of - 38 F in Mount Carroll in Illinois on January 31st .
The cold central deepened in October and pushed to the east bringing very early snow into the Midwest .
October saw 3680 record daily lows , 32 all time record lows for the month and no all time record monthly highs ( NOAA NCEI ) .
Enlarged
After bringing heavy snows to the Rockies and high plains the cold rolled south with temperatures 30 to 50 degrees below normal .
Enlarged
Temperatures dropped to a record of - 35 F at Logan County Sink in Utah and - 46 F in Peter ’s sink , record coldest for the U.S. for the month of October .
The temperatures the first 9 months have tracked the last 120 years well with multidecadal cycles in the ocean .
Enlarged
The cold also follows the solar activity .
We are currently in a century or more quiet sun .
In the period in and following the last 11 year cycle low ( 2007 - 2011 ) , we had brutal cold and snow here in the U.S. and Europe .
December in 2010 , the Central England Temperature ( longest continuous record going back to 1659 ) , was the second coldest December .
Snow , which was forecast to be a thing of the past , instead buried the UK for long periods reminiscent of the Dalton solar Minimum of the early 1800s as evidenced by Dicken ’s novels .
Enlarged
In the US , record cold and snow in the Snowmageddon Mid-Atlantic winter of 2009 / 10 , was eclipsed with the record winters of 2013 / 14 and 2014 / 15 .
Which brought the coldest and snowiest winter and modern day peaks of Great Lake ice .
Enlarged
Enlarged
Enlarged
The snow in the hemisphere is increasing very rapidly and is above normal , which should expand and enhance the cold .
Note how the fall record for snow extent was at record levels last fall .
Enlarged
Enlarged
Given the projection by Russian scientists and many in the west including some at NASA , we could be heading into a deep and long solar minimum like the Maunder Minimum with a major cooling .
Whether it is a several decade Dalton like period or a Maunder , this is no time to abandon cheap , available energy .
Enlarged
Enlarged
Even in the warmer interlude we have enjoyed , cold weather kills 20 times as many people as hot weather , according to an international study analyzing over 74 million deaths in 384 locations across 13 countries .
Link
(0 ) Permalink
Posted on 11/03 at 11:08 AM (0 ) Trackbacks
By Joseph D’Aleo , CCM , AMS Fellow
UPDATE : See The Real Climate Crisis is Not Global Warming By Allan MacRae and Joseph D’Aleo here .
---------
I have been doing battle in the local newspaper here in NH with a warmist Shawn Freeman , who claimed I was a charlatan , a well known denier who is bought and paid for by big oil and the Koch Brothers and not a scientist or climatologist because real scientists and climatologists must follow the accepted climate theories and models and publish any challenging work in journals like Nature .
I rebutted in detail here and also had a letter posted defending me and my career work by a former student who went on to get a PhD in meteorology and had a great career in the AIr Force including as meteorological support for the space shutle program .
But the politically driven attack continued .
Shawn came back at me saying I was denying the long standing work of Arrhenius and cherry picking data .
The paper would not let me rebut that attack on my credentials .
We will do a cable show on this issue showing how the warmists work to silence dissenting voices while just riding the natural cycles in weather using the cooling in the 1970s and then the warming into the 1990s while riding the media coverage of every extreme event to push their agenda that hopes to control energy ( and health ) and in that way control all aspects of our lives .
I have managed Icecap for 12 years while I worked 3 different careers .
We rely on you , the readers to help us just pay our costs of keeping the site going - over $ 500 / year .
I took losses in recent years though do appreciate the contributions people have given to help defer some of the costs .
Please help if you can with a donation ( secure PAYPAL button on the left ) or an offer to co-author stories and help market the site .
( jdaleo6331@aol.com ) .
I still work 7 days / week at Weatherbell Analytics .
That second rejected rebuttal I submitted is below :
Dr. Richard Feynman , the famous Cornell physicist said in support of the scientific method “ If a theory or proposed law disagrees with experiment ( data ) , it ’s wrong .
In that simple statement is the key to science .
It does n’t make any difference how beautiful your guess is , it does n’t matter how smart you are who made the guess , or what your name is …
If it disagrees with data , it ’s wrong .
That ’s all there is to it . ”
I never stated CO2 was not a greenhouse gas .
But it is what we call a trace gas - 0.04 % by volume compared to up to 4 % for water vapor , which is responsible for 95 % of greenhouse effect .
Warm , humid days are warm , muggy nights .
Also , CO2 is close to being maxed out in terms of its minor heat trapping ... Shawn ’s inference is that it is unlimited .
CO2 is not a thick down comforter , more like an incredibly thin gossamer sheet .
And it is beneficial gas .
Dr. Craig Idso of CO2 Science which was entrusted by NOAA with the first temperature data set around 1990 and was lead author of the multi-volume NIPCC study that reviewed over 4000 peer reviewed studies noted recently “ Carbon dioxide is not a pollutant and it is most certainly not causing dangerous global warming .
Rather , its increase in the atmosphere is invigorating the biosphere , producing a multitude of benefits for humanity and the natural world , notwithstanding the prognostications of the uninformed . ”
Charles Brooks observed in the Compendium of Meteorology ( 1951 ) , that the CO2 theory of climate change , advanced by Arrhenius , “ was never widely accepted and was abandoned when it was found that all the long - wave radiation absorbed by CO2 is also absorbed by water vapor . ”
He considered the observed rise in both CO2 and global temperatures ( 1920s - 1950s ) documented to be nothing more than a “ coincidence . ”
Indeed CO2 follows not leads temperatures on short and long time frames as oceans , the primary storehouse of CO2 , give off CO2 when they warm , and absorb it when they cool .
Overall , the urban heat island is a far more significant anthropogenic factor than CO2 .
You hear it every night on local TV forecasts .
It was adjusted for in the first US data set in 1989 .
Tom Karl Director of NCDC said if they did n’t , an artificial warming of 6 F / century would result .
He was pressured to remove it in version 2 a decade ago to get the appearance of warming the government wanted .
It is clear from your fiery letters , you did not read my reply nor look at the detailed analysis I linked to here prepared by experts , most from the universities and even UN IPCC scientists , that shows the 13 climate extreme claims are all wrong .
Heat records have declined since the 1930s .
This was the second quietest decade for landfalling hurricanes and major hurricanes since 1850 .
This was the quietest decade for tornadoes since tracking began in the 1950s .
Sea level rises have slowed to 4 inches / century globally .
Arctic ice has tracked with the 60 - year ocean cycles and is similar to where it was in the 1920s to 1950s .
NOAA could find no evidence of increased frequency of floods and droughts ( this spring had the smallest % of US in drought on record ) .
Snow which the university scientists here predicted would disappear , actually has set new records ( fall and winter ) for the hemisphere and North America , and both Boston and NYC have had more snow in the 10 years ending 2018 than any other 10 year period back to the late 1880s .
I described in my first rebuttal to Shawn ( page 14 here my journey over five decades working with data and government and university scientists to understand how natural cycles in the oceans and on the sun along with volcanism drive the observed cycles in temperatures and weather globally .
I authored a book in 2002 on El Nino and La Nina for Greenwood Publishing and produced a series of 10 scientific peer reviewed papers on the effects of the ocean , solar factors and volcanism ( which cools the earth by blocking sunlight ) and also on the nearly impossible task of reconstructing accurate global temperature trends from very sparse imperfect data .
They appeared in journals and two editions of Evidence Based Climate Science .
I developed and successfully used in industry statistical models for forecasting based on these inputs .
I also participated in peer reviewed correlation studies that explained all the observed variances with natural factors with a high level of statistical significance .
One of my colleagues in response to your rebuttal wrote me “ It is worth noting that the field of climatology is very new ... only a couple of decades old , really .
People who call themselves climatologists come from a wide array of educational backgrounds , and most of those backgrounds do not include the study , monitoring , or history of our atmosphere ...
According to Shawn , all you have to do is have something published in NATURE to become a beacon of unassailable credibility , which is ludicrous . ”
Meanwhile the greenhouse computer models are failing miserably - overstating the warming by a factor of 3 .
The only model that comes close to matching satellite - derived temperatures is a Russian one that minimizes the greenhouse effect and includes solar .
When warming stopped for 18 plus years .
UN IPCC Lead Author Kevin Trenberth in a 2014 paper in Nature , acknowledged the ‘ pause ’ was explained by influences of natural factors like El Nino , ocean cycles .
Dr. Cliff Mass , UWA professor who believes as I do that both man and nature play a role in weather and climate described a group that is preventing the proper application of the scientific method to understand and prepare properly for climate changes .
He observed “ they are mainly on the political left , are highly partisan , anxious and often despairing , self - righteous , big on blame and social justice , and willing to attack those that disagree with them .
They often distort the truth when it serves their interests .
They also see social change as necessary for dealing with global warming , requiring the very reorganization of society . ”
You went ad hominem twice - attacked me as a bought - and - paid - for charlatan , when 2 trillion dollars has fed the global warmist monster not funding climate realists like me .
Like my scientist friends , I chose not to give - in for monetary gains but work with my colleagues to uncover the truth so our leaders make the right decisions about energy and economic policies .
You said I cherry picked quotes using UN .
I quoted what he said exactly as reported in the global press .
Petteri Taalas , the secretary - general of the World Meteorological Organization ( WMO ) , told the Talouselama magazine in Finland that he disagrees with doomsday climate extremists who call for radical action to prevent a purported apocalypse .
Talaas said that establishment meteorological scientists are under increasing assault from radical climate alarmists who are attempting to move the mainstream scientific community in a radical direction .
He expressed specific concern with some of the solutions promoted by climate alarmists , including calls for couples to have no more children .
“ While climate skepticism has become less of an issue , now we are being challenged from the other side .
Climate experts have been attacked by these people and they claim that we should be much more radical .
They are doomsters and extremists .
They make threats , ” Taalas said .
“ The latest idea is that children are a negative thing .
I am worried for young mothers , who are already under much pressure .
This will only add to their burden . ”
Then there are these quotes from the recent UN climate leaders :
“ In searching for a new enemy to unite us , we came up with the idea that pollution , the threat of global warming ... would fit the bill ..... It does not matter if this common enemy is “ a real one or .... one invented for the purpose . ”
Club of Rome , advisor to the UN “ First Global Revolution ” 1991
UN openly Marxist Climate Chief Christine Figueres said “ Our aim is not to save the world from ecological calamity but to change the global economic system
RELATED
YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS Israel Lebanon Middle East Disarmament or or Create Your Own
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
We Americans like to think we 're a pretty smart people , even when evidence to the contrary is overwhelming .
And nowhere is that evidence more overwhelming than in the Middle East .
History in the Middle East is everything , and we Americans seem to learn nothing from it .
President Harry Truman took about 20 minutes to recognize the state of Israel when it declared independence in 1948 .
Since then , more than 58 years of war , terrorism and blood - letting have led to the events of the past week .
Even now , as Katyusha rockets rain down on northern Israel and Israeli fighter jets blast Hezbollah targets in southern Lebanon , we simultaneously decry radical Islamist terrorism and Israel 's lack of restraint in defending itself .
And the U.S. government , which wants no part of a cease - fire until Israel is given every opportunity to rescue its kidnapped soldiers and destroy as many Hezbollah and Hezbollah armaments as possible , urges caution in the interest of preserving a nascent and fragile democratic government in Lebanon .
Could we be more conflicted ?
While the United States provides about $ 2.5 billion in military and economic aid to Israel each year , U.S. aid to Lebanon amounts to no more than $ 40 million .
This despite the fact that the per capita GDP of Israel is among the highest in the world at $ 24,600 , nearly four times as high as Lebanon 's GDP per capita of $ 6,200 .
Lebanon 's lack of wealth is matched by the Palestinians -- three out of every four Palestinians live below the poverty line .
Yet the vast majority of our giving in the region flows to Israel .
This kind of geopolitical inconsistency and shortsightedness has contributed to the Arab - Israeli conflict that the Western world seems content to allow to perpetuate endlessly .
After a week of escalating violence , around two dozen Israelis and roughly 200 Lebanese have died .
That has been sufficient bloodshed for United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan and British Prime Minister Tony Blair to join in the call for an international security force , ignoring the fact that a U.N. force is already in Southern Lebanon , having failed to secure the border against Hezbollah 's incursions and attacks and the murder and kidnapping of Israeli soldiers .
As our airwaves fill with images and sounds of exploding Hezbollah rockets and Israeli bombs , this seven - day conflict has completely displaced from our view another war in which 10 Americans and more than 300 Iraqis have died during the same week .
And it is a conflict now of more than three years duration that has claimed almost 15,000 lives so far this year alone .
An estimated 50,000 Iraqis and more than 2,500 American troops have been killed since the insurgency began in March of 2003 , which by some estimates is more than the number of dead on both sides of the Arab - Israeli conflict over the past 58 years of wars and intifadas .
Yet we have seen no rescue ships moving up the Euphrates for Iraqis who are dying in their streets , markets and mosques each day .
French Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin has not leaped to Baghdad as he did Beirut .
And there are no meetings of the Arab League , and no U.S. diplomacy with Egypt , Syria and Jordan directed at ending the Iraqi conflict .
In the Middle East , where is our sense of proportion ?
Where is our sense of perspective ?
Where is our sense of decency ?
And , finally , just how smart are we ?
