London , England ( CNN ) -- A Muslim scholar has issued a fatwa , or religious ruling , that says suicide bombers are destined for hell .
Muhammad Tahir ul - Qadri condemned terrorism and criticized Islamic extremists who cite their religion to justify violence .
Ul - Qadri's 600 - page fatwa is " arguably the most comprehensive theological refutation of Islamist terrorism to date , " according to the Quilliam Foundation , a London organization that describes itself as a counterterrorism think tank .
" Terrorism is terrorism , " ul - Qadri said at a news conference hosted by the foundation .
" Violence is violence .
It has no place in Islamic teaching , and no justification can be provided to it ... "
Ul - Qadri is the founder of the Minhaj - ul - Quran , an organization with hundreds of thousands of followers in South Asia and the United Kingdom , according to the Quilliam Foundation .
The foundation refers to ul - Qadri as a mainstream Muslim scholar who is a " widely recognized and respected authority on Islamic jurisprudence . "
He criticized Muslims who , in justifying terrorism , say it furthers the goal of correcting wrongs done to Muslims .
" No good intention -- even one thousand good intentions put together -- cannot justify a wrong and forbidden act , " he said .
" Good intentions can not convert a wrong into good . "
Some extremists have interpreted the Quran to suggest that those who kill in the name of Allah will be rewarded after death with 72 virgins and a place in paradise .
An international research project involving the University of Adelaide has revealed that the magnetic field in the centre of the Milky Way is at least 10 times stronger than the rest of the Galaxy .
The evidence is significant because it gives astronomers a lower limit on the magnetic field , an important factor in calculating a whole range of astronomical data .
Researchers from the Max - Planck - Institute for Nuclear Physics , the University of Adelaide , Monash University and the United States have recently published their findings in Nature .
Dr Roland Crocker , the lead author , and Dr David Jones both worked on the project while based at Monash University and the University of Adelaide 's School of Chemistry and Physics .
The two physicists are now based at the Max - Planck - Institute for Nuclear Physics in Heidelberg , Germany .
" This research will challenge current thinking among astronomers , " Dr Crocker says .
" For the last 30 years there has been considerable uncertainty of the exact value of the magnetic field in the centre of the Milky Way .
The strength of this field enters into most calculations in astronomy , since almost all of space is magnetised , " he says .
Dr Jones says the findings will affect diverse fields , from star formation theory to cosmology .
" If our Galactic Centre 's magnetic field is stronger than we thought , this raises additional questions of how it got so strong when fields in the early universe are , in contrast , quite weak .
We know now that more than 10 % of the Galaxy 's magnetic energy is concentrated in less than 0.1 % of its volume , right at its centre , " he says .
Dr Jones completed his PhD at Adelaide , studying the Galactic Centre magnetic field under the supervision of Dr Raymond Protheroe , Associate Professor of Physics at the University of Adelaide , and Dr Crocker , a former postdoctoral researcher at the University .
" The Milky Way just glows in radio waves and in gamma - rays produced by collisions of energetic particles , and is brightest near its centre .
Knowing the magnetic field there helps us understand the source of the radio and gamma- rays better , " says Dr Protheroe .
The Australian Research Council provided funding for the project .
The April issue of Scientific American includes an exclusive excerpt from Bill McKibben 's new book , Eaarth : Making a Life on a Tough New Planet , plus an interview that challenges his assumptions .
Expanded answers to key interview questions , and additional queries and replies , appear here .
McKibben is a scholar in residence at Middlebury College in Vermont and is a co-founder of the climate action group , 350.org .
He argues that humankind , because of its actions , now lives on a fundamentally different world , which he calls Eaarth .
This celestial body can no longer support the economic growth model that has driven society for the past 200 years .
To avoid its own collapse , humankind must instead seek to maintain wealth and resources , in large part by shifting to more durable , localized economies — especially in food and energy production .
[ A Scientific American interview with McKibben follows . ]
You entitled your book Eaarth , because you claim that we have permanently altered the planet .
How so ?
And why should we change our ways now ?
Well , gravity still applies .
But fundamental characteristics have changed , like the way the seasons progress , how much rain falls , the meteorological tropics — which have expanded about two degrees north and south , making Australia one big fire zone .
This is a different world .
We underestimated how finely balanced the planet 's physical systems are .
Few people have come to grips with this .
The perception , still , is that this is a future issue .
It 's not — it 's here now .
Is zero growth necessary , or would " very slight " growth be sustainable ?
A specific number is not part of the analysis .
I 'm more interested in trajectories :
What happens if we move away from growth as the answer to everything and head in a different direction ?
We 've tried very little else .
We can measure society by other means , and when we do , the world can become much more robust and secure .
You start having a food supply you can count on , and an energy supply you can count on , and know they are n't undermining the rest of the world .
You start building communities that are strong enough to count on , so individual accumulation of wealth becomes less important .
If " growth " should no longer be our mantra , then what should it be ?
We need stability .
We need systems that do n't rip apart .
Durability needs to be our mantra .
The term " sustainability " means essentially nothing to most people .
" Maintenance " is not very flashy .
" Maturity " would be the word we really want , but it 's been stolen by the AARP .
So durability is good ; durability is a virtue .
In part , you 're advocating a return to local reliance .
How small is " local " ?
And can local reliance work only in certain places ?
We 'll figure out the sensible size .
It could be a town , a region , a state .
But to find the answer , we have to get the incredibly distorting subsidies out of our current systems .
They send all kinds of bad signals about what we should be doing .
In energy we 've underwritten fossil fuel for a long time ; unbelievable gifts to the " clean coal " industry , and on and on .
It 's even more egregious in agriculture .
Most of the United States 's cropland is devoted to growing corn and soybeans -- not because there 's an unbelievable demand to eat corn and soybeans , but because there are federal subsidies to grow them — written into the law by huge agricultural companies who control certain senators .
Once subsidies wither , we can figure out what scale of industry makes sense .
It will make sense to grow a lot of things closer to home .
It 's plausible to " go local " in , say , your home state of Vermont , where residents have money and are forward - looking — and their basic needs are met .
But what about people in poor places ; do n't they need outside help ?
Absolutely .
The rich nations have screwed up the climate .
It 's our absolute responsibility to figure out how to allow poor people to have something approaching a decent life .
What happens to the poorest and most vulnerable people in the world ?
They get dengue fever .
The fields they depend on are ruined by drought or flood .
The glaciers that feed the Ganges will be gone , yet 400 million people depend on that water .
We are not helping the poor by destabilizing the planet 's systems .
Meantime , what works best for them ?
Local , labor - intensive , low - input agriculture :
It provides jobs , security , stability and food , and helps make local ecological systems robust enough to withstand the damage that 's coming .
U.S. debt is rising to insane levels because the country has lived beyond its means , which supports your call to switch from growth to maintenance .
But how do countries like the U.S. get out of debt without growing ?
Do we need a transition period where growth eliminates debt , and then we embrace durability ?
My sense is that all of this will flow logically from the physics and chemistry of the world we 're moving into , just like the centralized industrial model flowed logically from the physics and chemistry of the fossil - fueled world .
The primary political question is :
Can we make change happen fast enough to avoid all - out collapses that are plausible , even likely , under the patterns we 're operating in now ?
How do we force global changes that move these transitions more quickly than they want to move ?
We have an incredibly small amount of time ; we have already passed the threshold points in some respects .
We best get to work .
In the age of social media , our identity is all about labels .
Every social site is built around profiles , and every profile contains boxes and boxes and boxes of labels .
[ What are your stats ?
What are your interests ? ]
Does our love of public labels now extend to our previously private sexuality ?
Or do gays and lesbians simply feel stronger in being part of a publicly labeled community ?
In a reversal of a controversial policy , Microsoft announced that players will now be able to label themselves as Lesbian , Gay , Bi , Transgender , and Straight on its Xbox LIVE gaming service .
What I find most interesting about the announcement are the original policy and the reaction to its reversal .
The initial policy was rather strict , and would ban any user whose account made use of sexually oriented terms .
The reasoning given by Microsoft at the time was two - sided .
The publicly touted impetus for the policy was to protect users from being harassed for their sexual orientation .
The reason given to those who were actually banned was that their references to sexuality were offensive to other people ( ? ) .
Also a bit verkakte was the length to which the policy was enforced .
Richard Gaywood , albeit unfortunately named , was told his name would not be allowed on Xbox LIVE , no matter how real it might be .
Living Dead on Halo 3 by xhtmled
It is easy to understand why Microsoft eventually reversed its policy ; times are changing , both for political correctness toward minorities and for gays ’ rights specifically .
That said , Microsoft went a little further than to simply champion free speech – it has officially sanctioned a set of labels to be used in users ’ profiles .
To sound out how really I felt about this , I browsed the comments in Mashable ’s post on this policy change , and the readers ’ reactions fell along three general ideas .
The first was humorous and all too true :
@ Austin Alvarado “ I thought Xbox Live already included labeling of my sexual orientation ?
I ’m beginning to think I am actually gay given the many times the 13 year olds say I am . ”
“ Gay ” has become the new “ stupid ” for the younger generation , and while it ’s a sad state of affairs , it seems the majority of people recognize the idiocy of the trend .
Speaking of sad , the second reaction highlights the dangers still lurking for those brave enough to come out and stay out :
@ Sam Spence “ I hope those willing to post their orientation publicly are willing to take a LOT of flack . ”
There ’s not much more to be said about that unfortunate truth , so we ’ll move on to the third and most interesting reaction :
@ Alek Bock “ That ’s pretty cool .
I do n’t really understand what your sexual preference has to do with gaming , but whatever . ”
My thoughts exactly .
I ’m playing a game ; why do I care whether you like girls , boys , both , neither , sheep , or trees ?
I do n’t .
I have generally tended toward the opinion that you may live your real life as you please , but when it comes to displaying an online label , sexual orientation belongs more on dating and hookup sites than worldwide gaming networks .
I ’m not saying you ca n’t mention it , but why would you want to ?
What this tells me is that sexual orientation is being incorporated into people ’s sense of identity .
It must not be about needing to explain that you ’re sexually attracted to the same gender ( since it ’s on a network that has absolutely nothing to do with sex ) , but rather it must be about needing to explain that you adopt the mannerisms and lifestyle commonly associated with people attracted to the same gender .
In other words , by using these labels in a non-sexual arena , you ’re making the personality distinction between Bob and Gay Bob .
LGBT Pride Parade SF ’09 by davidyuweb
And so I come back to the title of this post .
Social media is about connecting and sharing , and the sharing is about telling people who we think we really are .
We love our labels ; our labels make us unique and special and tell the world every nuance of our personality .
Without our labels , we would be just another blank profile in the network .
Not everyone believes sexuality should be shared so openly , but if sexuality has become for the coming generations a significant aspect of personality and identity , then it is not such a stretch to understand why they would want that label displayed , too .
Why do you think people want to display sexuality labels in everyday services ?
What are your thoughts on Microsoft ’s policy and reversal ?
Comment and share to keep the discussion going .
And subscribe via RSS or Email if you like this blog !
Photo credits : SF LGBT Pride 2009 by foxgrrl
Xbox .
by maxwillis
US Virgin Island Travel Advice continued ..
MEANS OF TRANSPORTATION ON THE VIRGIN ISLANDS ...
First -
You will need no passport to enter the US Virgin Islands as a US citizen , as it is a US territory .
However , once on the Islands , do take ample time to explore the many sights and attractions of the Islands , and do not just settle into a mega resort .
If you are going to travel the long trip to the the USVI , you honestly need to spend some time going to some of the many beautiful beaches , finding quaint restaurants on the beach , exploring the interesting historic sites and spend a little time just enjoying the island experience .
The tropical scents , the fresh ocean breezes and the sound of tree frogs singing at night can only be appreciated by being there to enjoy .
Provided you are going to explore the many sights , you have several transportation choices .
RENT A CAR OR JEEP - You can rent a car or jeep ( a car is fine on most roads ) ..
If I stay over a week , I will usually rent a car for at least a couple of days to explore the sights .
A modest car will cost $ 60 - $ 85 a day , with discounts on weekly rates .
Consider renting a car from a local " mom and pop " rental company .
Their cars are fine , they deliver , they are cheaper and they will negotiate .
However , several of the national car rental chains do offer car / jeep rentals on all the major islands .
HIRE A TAXI -
You can hire a local taxi service , but it 's not that cheap .
A taxi can always be found at the airport , located on the far west end of St Thomas , and throughout the shopping districts on St John and St Thomas , and also at all the ferry docks on all the islands , or you can phone a taxi to pick you up anywhere .
The taxis for the most part are small operators , but routinely reliable and trustworthy .
It is hard to stay in business on a small island with a bad reputation .
For two people to travel from one end of the island to the other it will cost around $ 15 - one way per person ..
With a tip expect to pay around $ 10 for even a short ride in town .
And expect to ride with groups of other nice strangers on a large taxi van .
TAKE THE " SAFARI " BUS AND SAVE - If you are traveling in close proximity to the major east / west highways on St Thomas , or St John , you can take the local shuttle bus , called the " Safari " .
The " Safari " is a reliable open air shuttle bus the locals use and it cost just one dollar to go from one side of St Thomas to the opposite side .
( NOW THAT'S A TRAVEL DEAL ) ..
A new bus arrives at numerous sites along the route about every ten minutes .
The " Safari " bus is safe , interesting and amazin gly fast ..
( Unfortunately , the " Safari " is not suitable for transporting lots of airplane luggage , and the closest stop from the airport is about a mile from the St Thomas airport terminal ) ..
USE A FERRY SERVICE -
If you travel between St Thomas and St John you will be traveling by ferry service ..
The ferry ride To Cruz Bay , St John ( the St John ferry dock ) is a short twenty minute ride by ferry departing from ( Red Hook ) on the far east end of ST Thomas , and the cost is about seven dollars per adult .
( Keep in mind , the one hour taxi ride to the east end of St Thomas ( Red Hook ) from the airport is about $ 15 per person ) ..
Or you can take the forty - five minute ferry service to St John from the shopping district dock in downtown Charlotte Amalie on St Thomas , and at a ferry ride cost of $ 13 and only an $ 8 - fifteen minute taxi ride cost from the St Thomas airport to the Charlotte Amalie ferry dock ..
( See the St Thomas Source website below for the most recent ferry services schedules / prices and a sample of taxi rates ) ..
The ST Thomas east end ( Red Hook ) ferry runs well into the night and much more often ..( and prices do fluctuate ) , and the Red Hook ferry is always about half the price of the downtown Charlotte Amalie ferry ..
A ride on either ferry is actually a nice way to relax after a long flight , with such beautiful tropical sights , sounds and smells along the way .
And the ferries do run on schedule for the most part .
If you are staying on St Thomas , you might consider renting a car on St John to explore St John .
A couple of car ferries offer service out of Red Hook to Cruz Bay every 30 minutes , but round trip fare for you and your car is going to cost about $ 50 .
A party of six will fare well , and just about break even by avoiding the passenger fare .
All the car rentals companies on ST John will gladly meet you at the Cruz Bay ferry dock with your car rental .
I always use a " Mom and Pop " car rental company named ( Conrad Sutton Rentals ) on St John .
Conrad and his family take great care of his cars / jeeps , and his lot sits right in the middle of Cruz Bay , and is also close to the ferry dock .
And you can always park in Conrad 's lot while in Cruz Bay , where in - town parking is often a problem .
RENT A BOAT -
And for the boaters , you can even rent a 25 - 26 foot motor boat for $ 500 plus a day from several operators , and be your own boat captain and go from beach to beach in your own boat ...
And as the islands are all in view and with a relatively calm surf , its hard to get lost at sea .
And there are also lots of day charters offered for a sail boat / snorkeling adventure around the islands .
SEAPLANE -
This is how most will travel between St Thomas and St Croix ..
Several ferry services have offered transportation service to ST Croix from St Thomas over the years , but they ultimately come and go ..
Check when you are there .
DAY TRIP TO BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS - Also , consider a day trip to the British Virgin Islands -( Tortola , Virgin Gorda , Jost Van Dyke or the other smaller BVI 's ) .
It is a great day trip by ferry ..
The amazing " Baths " on BVI 's Virgin Gorda are worth the trip .
The British isles are actually very close to ST John , and a day trip is easily workable .
However , a US passport is necessary for this trip .
ST CROIX , ST THOMAS , ST JOHN OR WATER ISLAND ...
Anyone considering a trip to the US Virgin Islands will need to decide which island or islands they plan to visit ..
Having spent considerable time on all three of these tropical gems , I can say with experience that each island has its own unique personality .
ST THOMAS - St Thomas is by far the most populated of the islands ..
The center of government and commerce , where most of the natives reside .
St Thomas has the endless duty free shopping along its famous main street in Charlotte Amalie , with some of the best duty free retail shops in the world to buy jewels , electronics , liquor , designer clothes , etc . .
And you pay no sales tax .
Everyone should consider at least one day of shopping on main street Charlotte Amalie .
There is nothing like watching the main street barkers work the crowds and rubbing elbows with the cruise - shippers crowding the streets of Charlotte Amalie .
ST JOHN - St John offers the best beaches / views , and the true tropical experience ..
No other place in the world has such a magnificent national park covering two - thirds of an island , and not tainted by commercial exploitation .
Cruz Bay is the only town on the small island and you can easily walk from one side to the other of Cruz Bay while stopping to shop at Mongoose Junction , right there on the ocean .
While on St John , by all means rent a jeep and travel the north shore road to Coral Bay and have lunch at Ship Wreck Landing .
The views are amazing ..
Also , for any campers , The St John National Park has a couple of very nice camp grounds with everything you need for luxury camping .
And several of the beach bars in Cruz Bay provide nice local bands throughout the week , if one is looking for nightlife activities .
However , the Virgin Islands are for the most part not the place to go for nightlife ..
After a hard day of sun and surf most retire early .
ST CROIX - St Croix has everything the other two offer plus a couple of great golf courses ...
St Croix is more open and larger than both St John or St Thomas .
And far less busy that St Thomas .
Due to the distance , commutes to St Croix from the other islands is usually done by seaplane , and not by ferry .
However , St Croix is still a lovely tropical paradise to visit .
WATER ISLAND - Water Island is a lovely small island , that is mostly known by the locals ..
I have vacationed there and it is a private oasis just a short boat ride from Charlotte Amalie , St Thomas , USVI .
It has a couple of quaint tropical beaches and its almost like having a private island to yourself ..
There are no five - star resorts on Water Island , but you will find private villas and a few guest houses that offer nice accommodations for your trip .
Water Island is just a short ferry ride from St Thomas , but very private , as you can only get there on a small ferry ....
Water Island would be a great escape for a traveling celebrity wanting to relax in privacy , but still close to everything the other islands have to offer .
CONDO , PRIVATE HOME , A GUEST HOUSE , OR LUXURY RESORT / HOTEL ....
There are many various accommodations available on the USVI ..
All three of the main islands have the five star mega resorts / hotels - that are pricey , but with all the amenities .
Then there are also the small more relatively modest hotels with most amenities , but considerably less expensive .
And there are guest houses with few amenities , but very nice and very reasonable in price .
Many of the local workers in the USVI often rent a room in a guest house on a weekly or monthly basis , and many offer bed and breakfast .
( See the Bed And Breakfast website above )
Many visitors , especially those traveling as a large group , will rent a luxury villa or condo .
It 's very nice to rent a furnished condo or villa and be able explore the many sites in your rented jeep .
And if you need the mega - resort experience , just have lunch at one , bring your beach bag and enjoy their pool and beach bar in a beach chair next to $ 600 a night tourist .
Some of the large mega-resorts will actually welcome you as a valued patron .
Again , its more laid back on the islands .
And renting a lovely condo or villa will obviously save one a considerable amount over the cost of a luxury hotel resort , including the expensive travel cost of meals by cooking in your private kitchen in a very nice condo or villa .
( See Trip Advisor below and VRBO above for a long list of vacation rentals in a wide range of prices ) ..
And almost any hotel , condo or quest house on all the islands will have great ocean views from your private balcony ..
And remember to travel like a local and just hop in your rented jeep and beach hop to a new beach every day ..
You will never want to leave the islands ..
ADVICE ON THE MANY BEACHES OF THE US VIRGIN ISLANDS ...
All the islands have beautiful tropical beaches and I will only address just a few , and any of the many beaches in the USVI will be a very nice beach .
St Thomas ' most popular beach is probably Magens Bay .
If you do not have a rental car the taxi fair to Magens Bay from most locations on St Thomas can be relatively costly .
Magens
Bay is a long lovely beach with a respectable beach bar / cafe .
A lot of the locals find their way to Lindberg Beach , which is located a very short distance from the St Thomas airport .
Lindberg has two nice beach bar / cafes adjacent to two modest hotels .
The surf at Lindberg is calm and gentle .
You can actually catch the " Safari " to Lindberg , and walk about a quarter of a mile to the beach from the drop off point ..
If you enjoy snorkeling and spending a lot of time on the beach , I recommend St John ..
Even the locals on St Thomas go to St John on the weekends .
St John has many lovely tropical beaches , most within the Virgin Islands National Park .
The most notable beach being Trunk Bay , with its famous snorkeling trail .
And AS TO SNORKELING - ( Actually , the best snorkeling on Trunk Bay is at the far western end of the Trunk Bay along the rocky cliffs next to shore , and not the marked trail around the small cay , which is crowded with all the tourist ) .
If you go to Trunk Bay , go early morning before the cruise ships arrive and enjoy the beach by yourself .
When the beach gets crowded with all the cruise patrons , the best advice is to just pack up and head back to town and set up at a locals favorite local beach , Hawks Nest ..
Bring your own cooler to Hawks Nest , as there are no concessions , but it is beautiful , and close to Cruz Bay and much more private ..
Outdoor toilets are available , but no running water .
Just east of Hawks Nest is a small lovely beach , Oppienhimer Beach , ( also called Gibney ) , where you will find some of the best snorkeling on the island in the shallow waters just off shore , and lots of coral ..
If you want to explore the far east end of St John , then drive your rental car along the beautiful north shore drive to Salt Pond beach .
Salt Pond is a lovely calm beach that is almost always dry ( not much rain there ) and never crowded .
Salt Pond has parking , but requires a 200 yard hike to the beach .
Also , drop us an email ( counselor4452@hotmail.com ) , and we will pass on the name and location of a small cay where the snorkeling is unbelievable ( lots of star fish and coral ) , and it also has a small sandy beach ..
And decent swimmers can easily reach the cay from shore .
You will probably be the only one on this small cay ...
And truthfully , any USVI beach is great place to spend the day and I have only named a few ..
And if you have any other questions / suggestions , feel free to run those by us also .
For additional travel advice about the US Virgin Islands ( including the latest ferry schedules to all the islands , including ferry services to The British Virgin Islands ) -
See the : St Thomas Source -A USVI internet news site .
( Check the visitors center link for a wealth of information about the islands )
For the latest VI happenings - See the link on the Virgin Islands Daily News website , which includes the daily web edition of the USVI daily paper - The Island Trader : Virgin Island Daily News
Below - View a live webcam above the Cruz Bay , St John ferry dock ( A new photo every 30 seconds ) :
Cruz Bay , St John - USVI - Ferry Dock
By Chris Bowlby
Producer , Robo Wars , BBC Radio 4
A US Air Force pilot ' flies ' a Reaper by operating a sensor control station Mark Jenkins is an experienced RAF pilot , flying combat missions over Afghanistan .
But he works from an airbase in Nevada , 8,000 miles away .
" I 've got a 45 - minute drive home .
And then by the time I 'm home , I 'm kind of straight into family life . "
He is one of a new generation of pilots who fly drones - or unmanned aerial vehicles , UAVs , as the military prefer to call them .
Flt Lt Jenkins trained on conventional planes - but there are now pilots joining the RAF who may never leave the ground , according to Air Vice Marshal Tim Anderson , a top Ministry of Defence planner .
Drones look in many ways like conventional planes .
But in place of a cockpit with a pilot they have noses full of hi-tech surveillance devices and are often armed with missiles and bombs .
Military advantages
They are launched near areas of combat but are then " flown " by remote control , via satellite links , operated by pilots who may be thousands of miles away .
The drone revolution addresses two urgent requirements for today 's military :
There is no risk of your pilots dying
Pilotless planes promise to be cheaper to make and run than conventional fighter jets
The US military already has over 7,000 unmanned aerial systems , and the RAF is following in its wake .
LISTEN TO THE PROGRAMME Robo Wars is on Radio 4 on Monday 1 February at 2000 GMT
You can also catch it on the BBC iPlayer The RAF 's 39 Squadron flies Reaper drone missions over Afghanistan from the Nevada base .
The US authorities refused a BBC request to visit , but we were able to speak to RAF personnel there by phone .
Andy Baverstock analyses the images beamed back from the Reapers ' cameras .
He describes his team 's advanced situational awareness as they watch intently what 's happening in Afghanistan .
" Because you 're doing it for so long , you can tell whether a group of people are moving tactically or whether it's a group of guys going to irrigate a field . "
Ethics
How do they decide whether to use lethal force when they are so far from the battlefield ?
Wing Commander Jules
Ball replies that they often respond to requests for support from soldiers on the ground .
Otherwise , " we would most definitely be having to go to higher headquarters in order to ensure that what we were doing was appropriate , necessary , proportional and legal .
We would n't be doing it autonomously if you like from 8,000 miles away " .
It is not just the military who fly drones .
The CIA uses them to attack al - Qaeda and Taliban targets , sometimes on the territory of Pakistan , a US ally .
Pakistan has been publicly critical of US drone attacks
The US government believes drones enable it to strike back at terrorist leaders where conventional forces have failed .
Pakistani media have reported hundreds of civilian deaths in such attacks .
CIA operations like this require presidential authorisation .
According to the New America Foundation , a think tank , President Obama has been authorising drone strikes at a higher rate than President Bush .
Such is the secrecy surrounding CIA operations that there are no clear rules of engagement .
There is " no accountability after the fact " says Philip Alston , UN special rapporteur on extra-judicial executions .
Divisive Vicki Divoll , who worked for several years as a CIA lawyer , refuses to confirm that such attacks happen as reported .
But based on " what we believe to be happening , " she reveals deep divisions within the CIA about the use of drones .
Using drones to kill people has been " extremely controversial " at the agency , she says .
" When the controls are manned by someone in a suburb of Washington rather than by someone in the field you become so detached that there 's no cost , there 's no limitation on you . "
The implications of the robotic revolution are profound .
The US is already recruiting drone pilots from among young men skilled at computer games .
Instead of flying into danger they may never need to leave the security of a cabin full of computer screens on home soil .
Will this revolution change attitudes towards killing and make governments feel war is less costly or risky ?
Air Vice Marshal Tim Anderson , trained in British military tradition , has his concerns .
But he hopes that responsibility for combat will still " imbue within operators an appropriate sense of culture and ethos , such that it never becomes a video game " .
What does it mean for the British pilot Mark Jenkins , based in Nevada , when he kills people remotely ?
" It 's going to weigh on your mind .
It does .
I do n't think you 'd be human if it did n't .
But I 've got a family at home and I need to be there for my family , so I deal with it . "
Robo Wars is on BBC Radio 4 on Monday 1 February at 2000 GMT .
Part Two , about robots to fight in wars , is on Monday 8 February at 2000 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Something ’s been bugging me lately .
I ’ve seen it said in otherwise intelligent blogs .
I ’ve seen it crop up more and more in resumes and job ads , to the point where it becomes something you have to say if you even want to be looked at , a piece of mindless dross taking up space on the paper or screen .
I ’ve seen it from managers who thought that it was an excuse to offer subaverage pay and conditions and demand unreasonable things from employees .
I ’ve seen it from people who should know better talking about how to educate and train engineers and programmers .
I ’ve been meaning to post about it for a while , but this post in It ’s Common Sense , Stupid was the bit that finally got me to blog about it .
It ’s rather a dirty thing to say , in fact in some circles it could be positively career - damaging , but I do n’t think much of those circles anyway and I think it needs saying , so here goes .
Programming is not all about passion .
Passion is the antithesis of good programming .
More on this after the break …
Before I have to don my asbestos suit , do n’t get me totally wrong – if you had no interest at all in programming or computing , you would n’t be working with computers .
The jobs we do , whether we ’re teaching in university courses , working in startups , or buried away in the bowels of a large company in a perpetually underappreciated sysadmin role , are not jobs that sane people take on without some interest in computing .
At some level , we have an intellectual itch that these little boxes scratch .
We ’d go postal otherwise .
But interest is n’t passion – and to claim that passion is the defining attribute of a good programmer is patently wrong .
To claim ( or even worse , to imply ) that good programmers are the ones who are so taken up in their code that they pay no attention to piddly little real world things like pay , stock options , pensions , health insurance , morgages , taxes , politics , love lives , children , family or worst of all , hobbies that have nothing to do with programming , is utter nonsense .
Programmers , especially good ones , are intelligent people , the main focus of whose intelligence is problem - solving .
Yes , they focus more deeply on problems than some others , but not by continually excluding the rest of the world .
Several have literally changed their world – we all know the famous examples of people like Tim Berners - Lee , Marc Andresson , Larry Page , Sergey Brin , Steve Wozniak and even Bill Gates ( I said “ changed their world ” , not “ changed their world for the better ” ) .
Pick up a can of beans and read the URL on the side , or ask who the world ’s richest man was a few years ago , or ask any random office worker what a spreadsheet or a mouse is and you ’ll see what I mean .
Thing is , they all ( except Wozniak and Berners - Lee , who actively chose academia over business ) were or are highly successful businessmen as well .
So is it that you can only be a good programmer if you are so passionate that you do nothing but programming , but Sergey Brin made a mistake one day and started Google without meaning to ?
Yeah , right .
That ’s not to say that you have to launch a startup to be a good programmer either , by the way – I think there ’s been enough of people getting kicks into Paul Graham recently to conclude that you might not have been meant to have a boss , but most of us were n’t meant to wear clothing or use money either and we ’re getting along so well with those that we tend to expend lots of time and effort on acquiring both .
The point is that these people were intelligent and intelligent people have a habit of being polymaths , often with an interest ( and a lot of competence ) in a lot of fields .
What does it take to be a good programmer ?
There ’s natural ability in areas that are useful for programmers .
The ability to think about abstract concepts productively is an obvious one , as would be the ability to focus deeply on problems being considered .
Whether these are down to genetics or environment is an ongoing debate , but pragmatically the how is n’t important to us , just whether you have them or not .
But I do n’t think we quite need to start a eugenics problem just yet , because frankly , having those abilities is not sufficient to make you a good programmer .
Useful tools for a good programmer , yes , but not a sufficient precondition to be a good programmer .
There ’s training – but formal training has been shown by example to not be essential to programming , and I think that ’s mainly because the field is far too young to know how to teach it formally in the first place ( compare civil engineering with computer engineering and you notice things like the way courses in the latter change annually while in the former you can use course notes from ten years ago with ease in most cases ) .
Established fields have had hundreds of generations of engineers to train , and have as a result learnt how to do so – computer engineering has had about seven and software engineering about four ( I ’m taking a decade as an estimate of the time between engineering generations here but there ’s a solid argument for shrinking that significantly for software engineering – however , not enough to get software engineering onto a par with its brethern branches of the profession ) .
The critical thing , however , is n’t going to be natural ability or training .
Or at least I do n’t think it is .
Soon Hui used the example of Tiger Woods in his blog post , and I think there ’s an interesting point in that analogy , so I ’ll use it – but Soon Hui was wrong about why Woods is a great golfer .
Yes , he started playing at a young age , and yes he ’s put in enormous amounts of effort into the game – but that ’s not why he ’s the champion that he is .
He ’s the champion because he works at it .
And it ’s not just the simple act of working at it either , every golfer does that , and some for longer than Woods does or has ; it ’s that Woods works at it in a structured , focussed , committed and self - critical way .
Not critical in the sense of being negative , but critical in it ’s original meaning – a dispassionate and objective analysis .
He examines his performance , notes the weaknesses and works on them specifically .
Look , let me give you a better example .
I ’ll stay with sport because there are obvious parallels , as Juon Illas noted .
Take olympic target shooting ( to confess , I ’m using this example because I know more about it than I do about golf , but it ’s closer to programming than you think – both require patience , concentration and enormouse attention to detail ) .
Look at the results from the ISSF World Cups , the World Championships and the Olympic Games for the past decade or three , and you ’ll notice a trend – the same people ’s names keep coming up , but with the exception of Ralf Schumann in rapid - fire pistol , the medals get won almost at random amongst those names ( Ralf ’s in a bit of a niche really ) .
The reason is perhaps simpler than it appears – the difference in skill levels between the top thirty shooters in each event is usually negligible .
Shooters do go through good and bad times in their competitive career , but on average , the difference between the top shooters on the line is miniscule .
In fact in some events , the difference between the gold and silver medallists ’ performances could arguably be down to brownian motion of the air molecules between rifle and target ( 0.1 points out of a possible 109.0 points in a finals boils down to a bullet hitting about 0.8 millimeters closer to the centre on one shot out of 10 .
That ’s a difference of 0.000167 % , roughly ) .
So how do you get a medal in shooting if there ’s that much of an element of random chance ?
You train until you ’re good enough to get into the finals consistently , and you keep competing and getting into finals , and sooner or later , you ’re bringing home a medal .
Simple , is n’t it ?
Well , no , obviously .
It requires that you consistently examine your technique , your performance – both physical and mental , your equipment and your training itself , and that you not only continue to train but also that you continue to improve that training process ( see why I thought it was a good analogy to use ? ) .
Passion ?
Has no place in the process at all .
Yes , you can use it as a motivation – but it ’s worse than useless if you want to actually succeed .
Passion is fleeting , transient , momentary on the timescales that achievement requires .
For motivation , you need something deeper and more permanent – and more , you need something that lets you be dispassionate at the same time as remaining motivated .
Passionate shooters get into the sport , spend a few years trying , maybe they do n’t get good at it but more usually they make it to some self - described goal like winning a nationals or hitting a certain score in competition , and then they lose interest and drop out .
I ’ve seen this happen dozens of times , and anyone in target shooting could list off names at you if you asked for examples of this .
The people who stay in , who win medals , passion is not their motivation .
They have a deep love for the sport , yes , but it ’s the kind of love you get with three kids and a morgage and thirty years of listening to someone snoring at night .
It ’s about as new age and airy - fairy as death and taxes .
And it ’s also about as long - lasting .
So what ’s the lesson to take from this analogy ?
It ’s that passion is n’t the thing you need to be a good programmer – what ’s needed , what ’s vital , what ’s fundamentally required to be a good programmer is the process .
It ’s the process of continually examining what you do in as dispassionate a way as possible , and improving how you do it .
Another lesson from the analogy would be that in this process you do not compare yourself to others , because there ’s no point ( target shooting is n’t a contact sport , you ca n’t effect other people ’s performance so you just focus on your own and improve yourself ) .
So you ’re left with a continual process of dispassionate self - improvement for the sake of self - improvement , consistently carried out throughout your career .
There ’s a word that has come to be used to describe that kind of behaviour .
It ’s professionalism .
You want to know what a good programmer is ?
He or she is a professional .
They get a job , they do it to the best of their ability , and they continually , dispassionately and deliberately improve how good that best is .
They ’re balanced people , with families and homes and jobs that they leave behind when they stop working , they include rest as part of their daily life , they take holidays and read widely and generally you find they ’re more productive as a result .
They take a task and they do it well and they do that consistently , instead of trying to do that one quick thing that will give them instant fame and ego - stroking .
And maybe they ’ll never have fanboys cheering them on when they put up slides in a conference that say “ fuck you ” to other developers ; but when you get prostate cancer and the oncologist puts you into the IMRT machine to zap an area close to your gonads with a dozen different beams of radiation , you ’ll probably find yourself hopeful that a professional wrote the controller ’s software rather than someone who was always chasing the next hot thing in computing ( and maybe never worrying about stupid dull things like documentation , specifications , tests , code reviews , quality control or that sort of old - fogie stuff ) .
And I know what your thinking – but you ’re wrong ( the eighties can come get their old tv catchphrases , thank you very much ) .
Sure , a professional is a positive thing to be , but it ’s dull and boring , is n’t it ?
Thing is , engineering ’s a funny field sometimes ( in the funny - strange sense ) .
One of the lesser - remembered comments about the US space program – something that most people think of as desperately exciting and cutting edge – was that the astronauts often thought things felt unoriginal .
The first american in space , Alan Shepard , commented that the view from the mercury capsule periscope looked unreal and the entire flight felt like one of the hundreds of simulated flights he ’d done before .
Engineering can be simultaenously groundbreakingly original and mind - numbingly boring .
It ’s a dichotomy that may not be intuitive , but which lets you have a 500 horsepower sports car with airbags and anti-lock brakes .
And that ’s an analogy that ’s somewhat relevant here , because a lot of this cult of the rockstar programmer feels like a mechanical engineer who builds the 500 horsepower car is trying to get a chunk of the adrenaline that goes with driving the car on the racetrack .
But in reality , any engineer trying that would be suffering from a very small and myopic worldview ; because the greater glory is in the long - term changes that the lessons learnt in building the car bring about – the car ’s driver gets a fleeting buzz but the car ’s designer changes the world , whilst also getting the regular salary , the pension , the health insurance , the wife and kids and home and eight hours sleep a night .
Of course , for those who feel they really need that cheap buzz , remember that the pragmatic engineers always get better actors playing them in the movies : Jimmy Stewart , Alec Guinness , Hardy Kruger , Ed Harris , Morgan Freeman and Jodie Foster on our side versus Tom Cruise for the racing drivers .
No contest really 😀
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
More
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Like this : Like Loading ...
Nachrichten
Sport1
Am Montag sorgte Union Berlin mit der Verpflichtung von Loris Karius für den zweiten Transfer - Coup der Saison - nach dem Deal mit Max Kruse .
Doch ein anderer Kruse fand keine lobenden Worte für den Ex -Torwart vom FC Liverpool , vielmehr stichelte der Ex- Hertha - Star gegen den neuen Eisernen .
" Viel Talent , aber leider nie auf den Platz gebracht .
Fußball - Deutschland kennt ihn eigentlich nur durch Sophia Thomalla " , sagte Axel Kruse bei RBB .
Werde Deutschlands Tippkönig !
Jetzt zum SPORT1 Tippspiel anmelden Thomalla freut sich , " dass Loris nach Hause kommt " Natürlich spielte Sophia Thomalla , die Lebensgefährtin von Karius , eine gewisse Rolle beim Wechsel von England nach Berlin .
Schließlich lebt die Influencerin in der deutschen Hauptstadt .
" Ich freue mich , dass Loris nach Hause kommt .
Er ist sehr motiviert , top vorbereitet und körperlich fitter denn je .
Ich bin mir sicher , er wird den Verein , sofern ihm möglich , im bestmöglichen Licht dastehen lassen " , sagte Thomalla in der Bild .
Nichtsdestotrotz ist Karius , der ein Jahr ausgeliehen wird von den Reds , ein Top - Transfer für Union .
Denn der deutsche Keeper hat auf internationaler Bühne viel Erfahrung gesammelt und wird nun die neue Nummer eins an der Alten Försterei .
Die Stichelei von Axel Kruse liegt wohl eher daran , dass der frühere Hertha Stürmer zum Big - City - Klub hält und eben nicht zum Berliner Stadtrivalen .
Explosive Ordnance Disposal A Perilous Search Michael Kamber , the writer of this essay , was the videographer , photographer and co-producer of a 2009 video on the work of an explosive ordnance disposal team .
Combating I.E.D.’s in Afghanistan
BAGHDAD — I long ago learned not to discuss war movies with soldiers .
They tend to be detail - oriented and obsessed with authenticity .
They frequently dismiss well - made , thought - provoking films because of some minor detail — the scope on a rifle is wrong , or the markings on a vehicle incorrect .
Last summer , I began to see rave reviews of “ The Hurt Locker , ” a movie about the Iraq war by Kathryn Bigelow .
After a string of Iraq - related Hollywood flops , reviewers said this was the movie that finally brought home the reality and horror of Iraq .
Soon I began to get e-mail from friends back in the states who loved the movie for its “ realistic depiction ” of the war .
I ’ve worked in Iraq over a six - year period , and they wanted to know what I thought .
Though I ’m back in Iraq now , I put off seeing the movie , partly because I felt no need to be disturbed by memories that its graphic images would surely raise .
But I mentioned the movie to a few soldiers .
Predictably , none liked it .
A group from the 2nd Infantry Division laughed uproariously , recalling the scene where a blood - soaked bullet jams a massive .50 - caliber rifle .
“ A fifty cal ?
Blood would just lubricate it ! ”
Another soldier : “ Remember the scene where the dude is running alone through Baghdad ?
Ridiculous ! ”
Finally , a few nights ago , I sat down to see “ The Hurt Locker ” for myself .
This time , the soldiers were right .
The film is a collection of scenes that are completely implausible — wrong in almost every respect .
This time , it ’s not just minor details that are wrong .
If there is one rule with the military , it is that there is strength in numbers .
No one soldier , no one vehicle , goes out alone .
Ever .
Four vehicles and a 20 - man squad is the minimum that I have worked with in Iraq .
A lone Humvee would not be allowed to clear the gate at any base in Iraq .
Yet , in scene after scene , the bomb disposal team , led by Staff Sgt. William James , appears to be fighting the war alone .
They drive the streets of Baghdad , a three - man team in a lonely Humvee , with no back up .
They single - handedly clear buildings , drive desert roads alone with no air cover and confront a truckload of potential enemy fighters — who turn out to be bizarre and incompetent British mercenaries .
When the British are killed , the American explosive technicians turn out to be expert snipers and spotters as well .
In one sequence , Sergeant James sneaks away to a house he believes to be an insurgent base .
Realizing he is mistaken , he then runs alone for what appears to be several miles through the labyrinthine streets of Baghdad to return to his base .
Strangely , he encounters no U.S. checkpoints on the streets , though they were numerous in that period .
And he returns , as if by magic , unscathed .
In 2004 , with the insurgency in full swing , the chances of a U.S. soldier running through the streets of Baghdad and making it back to base were approximately zero .
Michael Kamber for The New York Times
The movie ’s denouement — the explosive ordnance disposal ( E.O.D. ) team responds to a massive truck bomb in the Green Zone — is so completely wrong in every respect that it borders on farce .
Insurgents did not operate freely in the Green Zone .
They would never have kidnapped a soldier in an area with thousands of U.S. troops .
And they would never have hung around an active investigation scene with their weapons .
No American E.O.D. team in existence ( or any other three - man squad ) would go charging alone down dark alleyways when there are hundreds of infantrymen at hand .
These are mere details compared to the way Sergeant James repeatedly swaggers up to bombs .
As Mark Boal , the screenwriter , well knows , many I.E.D. ’s in Iraq are remotely detonated .
Mr. Boal actually embedded with an E.O.D. team in Iraq , so he knows the chances of recklessly approaching even a single command - detonated bomb and surviving are quite small .
Yet we are made to believe that Sergeant James has disabled over 800 bombs in this reckless , cowboy - like fashion .
More disturbing and implausible yet is the way the protagonist repeatedly endangers the lives of his team members .
The soldiers I have worked with over the years are like brothers to one another .
Never have I seen stronger bonds between men .
Any soldier who routinely endangers his own life or those of his squad members would not be punched , as the movie ’s star is in one scene .
He would be demoted and kicked out of his unit .
“ Our No. 1 job is protection of people and property , ” said Rob Wagner , an E.O.D. team chief based in Diyala Province .
“ If we do our job the way it ’s done in the movie , we would get people killed . ”
Lt.j.g.
Glenn Moffat , another member of the team , added , “ We have to be level - headed and mature , to think things through — the opposite of the how it ’s done in the movie . ”
One of the greatest disservices of “ The Hurt Locker ” is the impression that soldiers in Iraq were masters of their destinies .
If they snipped the right wire , made the right shot , cleared the right room , they would stay alive .
In fact , the opposite was true .
Certainly there were firefights , but the vast majority of U.S. deaths were from I.E.D.’s .
This is what was so absolutely terrifying about the war .
A faceless enemy was catastrophically destroying U.S. vehicles every day with I.E.D. ’s ( and I can assure you the enemy did not stand in the open , as per several scenes in the movie ) .
Regardless of your training , if you were in that vehicle when the button got pressed , you were dead .
Michael Kamber for The New York Times
I ’ve covered a number of conflicts and Iraq was the least romantic , the one that looked the least like the war movies I grew up on .
Yet Ms. Bigelow pulls one out for Hollywood .
While many have praised the movie as anti-war , I believe — in a counter - intuitive way — that it glamorizes war .
The Steely - Nerved - Protagonist Who Has Seen Too Much kills the bad guys in an action - packed setting and eventually signs up for more .
His hard - drinking , P.T.S.D. - ravaged character becomes that much more romantic for his flaws .
I understand the argument that Ms. Bigelow and her team should be applauded for tackling certain issues and bringing the war home to Americans .
Yet with so many scenes and details untrue , the actual war in Iraq becomes merely a dramatic jumping off point for the filmmakers .
E.O.D. teams are highly specialized .
They do not fire sniper rifles , clear buildings full of insurgents , single - handedly engage a squad of enemy combatants or drive the streets of Iraq alone .
What they do in reality is amazing enough : one of the most nerve - wracking and dangerous jobs on earth .
It is done a disservice by this degree of dramatization .
When a filmmaker gets that many details wrong , it ’s hard to believe she got the war right .
“ The Hurt Locker ” is not a drama about a make - believe event .
This is a movie about an ongoing war that has affected millions , in which 100,000 Americans are still serving .
It deserves a minimal degree of historical accuracy and attention to detail .
Mr. Kamber is not the first to fault “ The Hurt Locker ” for its accuracy , as Melena Ryzik reported in “ The Curious Case of the ‘ Hurt Locker ’ Attacks ” on Carpetbagger .
“ I have no dog in this fight , ” Mr. Kamber said about his own essay .
“ I ’m not a Hollywood person .
I do n’t know anyone out there .
And I ’m glad movies about Iraq are getting made . ”
It must be hard to be a retired Formula One driver .
David Coulthard just visited the KAMAZ HQ in Moscow and was forced to hoon their Dakar race truck in the snow .
Later , he also won a game of bingo .
Advertisement
The KAMAZ - 4326 is a 4x4 Diesel - powered truck designed to haul cargo to remote , hard to reach areas .
Kamaz says it can operate in any environment , functioning reliably anywhere from - 22 degrees to 122 degrees Fahrenheit .
Kamaz won the truck class in the 2010 Dakar .
Click to view
" The housing market surely will double dip , " Whitney told " Worldwide Exchange . "
Government programs to support housing have been " murky " and when the modifications caused by them come to an end , a lot of supply may come to the market and that 's when the real - estate market is likely to go down , she explained .
Hopes that an improvement in liquidity and continuing investment from China in US assets will prop up mortgage - backed securities ( MBS ) and Treasurys are exaggerated , Whitney also said .
" The asset classes of MBS and Treasurys are priced for a material correction in my opinion , " she said .
" The only buyers of agency MBS are the Fed and banks so you see how precarious that market is . "
" If the Fed pulls back , that 's a really big deal ... because there 's no substitute buyer . "
Banks Model Is Broken
The Federal Reserve can't make banks start lending again because the business model financial institutions used before the crisis is broken , Whitney also said .
This simple method will help keep your windows fog - free .
It 's a fun one for the kids to try too ; they might even consider doing it before you reach the car !
Use the other half of the potato if needed .
If you 're doing all of the windows , you 'll probably need to use up both potato halves .
Be sure to use a clean potato , so wash it first if it is coated in soil .
This is a good opportunity to use up an old potato that has started to sprout and is past its best .
This may also work temporarily as a way to keep the window rain - free if used on the outside .
However , heavy rain will wash it off .
It may be a good idea to clean the windows first .
If they 're dirty , the potato will pick up the dirt and can leave a sticky film due to the grime .
If washing first , ensure that the window is perfectly dry before using the potato trick .
This method can also be used to keep ski goggles from fogging up .
Rub raw potato over the goggles when changing into your ski gear .
Sure , you 'll need to remember to cut a potato in half and pop it into a plastic bag before going to the ski field , but the clear vision will make it a worthwhile effort .
Support wikiHow 's Educational Mission
Every day at wikiHow , we work hard to give you access to instructions and information that will help you live a better life , whether it 's keeping you safer , healthier , or improving your well - being .
Amid the current public health and economic crises , when the world is shifting dramatically and we are all learning and adapting to changes in daily life , people need wikiHow more than ever .
Your support helps wikiHow to create more in - depth illustrated articles and videos and to share our trusted brand of instructional content with millions of people all over the world .
Please consider making a contribution to wikiHow today .
Readers react to photo of two men kissing
By Andy Alexander
Powerful photographs can have lasting impact , and a Post photo of two men kissing is an image that many readers can neither forget nor accept .
The photo , which ran on the newspaper 's front page and online last week , captured Jeremy Ames and Taka Ariga kissing outside D.C. Superior Court on the day that the District began accepting license applications for same - sex marriages .
Almost immediately , I began hearing from upset readers .
That ’s normal when controversial photos appear in The Post .
The same thing happened recently when The Post published disturbing images of Haiti earthquake victims .
Typically , the complaints quickly subside .
With last Thursday ’s photo , they continued into Friday , through the weekend and even today .
Early this morning , before D.C. Superior Court began issuing licenses to same - sex couples who had applied , a caller phoned to warn that he would cancel his Post subscription “ if I see another photo of men lip - locking . ”
A few of the readers have engaged in rants , often with anti-gay slurs .
One called me to complain about “ promoting a faggot lifestyle . ”
Another complained about the photo in an e-mail to the two Post reporters who wrote Thursday ’s story about the licenses : “ That kind of stuff makes normal people want to throw up .
People have kids who are being exposed to this crap .
I will be glad when your rag goes out of business .
Real men marry women . ”
But most simply said The Post had offended their sensibilities by publishing the photo , especially on the front page .
Ann Witty of Woodbridge wrote to say she had canceled the Post subscription she has held since the 1960s .
“ I am 65 years old and I realize that the world is changing rapidly – much more rapidly than I would like it to , ” she e-mailed .
“ While I realize that the Post must report on these changes – even the ones with which I do not agree – I feel that the picture on Thursday morning was an affront to the majority of your readership .
It is not something that I want coming into my home .
I believe that even your editors know that it would have been better placed in the Metro section and that it would have mitigated its impact to do so . ”
Wrote Lee Miller of Columbia : “ I would appreciate it if your cover pictures would not be so disturbing where my kids can see it easily on the kitchen table ... please do n’t shove this “ Gay ” business in our face .
This is something that should have shown up on an inside page or two ( without the picture ) . ”
In comments to the ombudsman ’s call - in line ( 202.334.7582 ) , one reader said , “ the picture of two guys kissing makes me cringe . ”
Another called it “ ridiculous , ” adding : “ Put it on page 10 or page four , put it in the paper , but I do not like it right there where I ca n’t avoid looking at it . ”
Many threatened to cancel their Post subscriptions , and more than two dozen did .
Post circulation vice president Gregg Fernandes said that late last week 27 subscribers canceled , specifically citing the photo .
In contrast , The Post reported only two cancellations immediately after last July ’s ethics uproar over its ill - advised plan to sell sponsorships to off - the - record “ salon ” dinners at the publisher ’s residence .
Did the Post go too far ?
Of course not .
The photo deserved to be in newspaper and on its Web site , and it warranted front - page display .
News photos capture reality .
And the prominent display reflects the historic significance of what was occurring .
The recent D.C. Council decision to approve same - sex marriage was the culmination of a decades - long gay rights fight for equality .
Same - sex marriage is now legal in the District .
The photo of Ames and Ariga kissing simply showed joy that would be exhibited by any couple planning to wed – especially a couple who previously had been denied the legal right to marry .
There was a time , after court - ordered integration , when readers complained about front - page photos of blacks mixing with whites .
Today , photo images of same - sex couples capture the same reality of societal change .
Bans developers from making " public statements " about the terms of the Agreement .
Stipulates that developers can only distribute their apps on the App Store , and bans them from distributing their apps on competing app stores .
Prohibits any type of reverse engineering ( in spite of the fact that the courts have ruled that reverse engineering for interoperability is legal under the Fair Use Doctrine ) .
Stipulates that , no matter what , Apple will never be liable to any developer for more than $ 50 in damages .
As the EFF says , " So if Apple botches an update , accidentally kills your app , or leaks your entire customer list to a competitor , the Agreement tries to cap you at the cost of a nice dinner for one in Cupertino . "
Give it up for the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
Yesterday they managed to ( legally ) blow the lid off the iPhone Developer Program License Agreement , and now we can all take a look at just how oppressive Apple has become to developers .
Basically , whenever someone or some company wants to create an iPhone app , they have to 1 ) register as an official developer with Apple by signing a license agreement and paying $ 100 , and 2 ) submit their app for approval before it 's listed in the App Store .
Here 's the rub .
Once you sign the agreement ( copies of which are extremely scarce ) , Apple prohibits people from making any " public statements regarding this Agreement , its terms and conditions , or the relationship of the parties without Apple 's express prior written approval .
"
In other words , you 're not allowed to speak out and criticize it .
Think about that !
A curb on speech and commentary as a prerequisite for writing a dumb computer program .
That 's why you undoubtedly have n't heard too much about this tyranny before .
Well , the EFF has found a loophole .
When they saw the " NASA App for iPhone " , they used the Freedom of Information Act to ask NASA for a copy , so that the general public could see what rules controlled the technology they could use with their phones .
A copy of the license agreement can now be found here I recommend reading the entire Agreement as well as the EFF 's summary , but , in a nutshell , the license agreement ... Apple has been able to get away with this simply because it is the sole gateway to the 40 million iPhones in circulation .
And the reason we should all be concerned is that " no competition among app stores means no competition for the license terms that apply to iPhone developers .
" What 's needed is an emulation of what 's worked for PCs for nearly 30 years ... separate the software market from the hardware market .
Competition and innovation suffer when customers and developers are " locked in " to one platform for life .
Instead , just like with PCs , there should be many competing software developers for each platform , thereby creating a wider , more diverse array of products that are priced according to market principles rather than monopolistic controls .
The EFF has done us all a real service by tracking down Apple 's license agreement .
Now it 's our turn to all speak out .
Indeed , Apple has been acting as " a jealous and arbitrary feudal lord " .
Developers should demand better terms and customers who love their iPhones should back them .
WHISTLER , British Columbia --
This is the way Bode Miller always wanted it to happen , needed it to happen .
An Olympic gold medal may be the ultimate evidence of skiing success in everyone else 's eyes , but most assuredly not in his .
If the willful Miller ever was going to earn one and truly embrace the accomplishment , this is how it had to be .
He conquered a tricky course with sometimes - spectacular skiing that reminded him of being a kid on the slopes .
He overcame a big deficit by pushing himself despite a bum left knee and an aching right ankle .
In sum , he turned in a performance that pleased him , regardless of what the clock said .
In this case , it just so happens , Miller 's total time from one downhill and one slalom was Sunday 's best , allowing the 32 - year - old from Franconia , N.H. , to win the super - combined event signifying all - around skiing ability -- and that first career gold .
He now has a record - tying three medals at these Olympics after only three races , quite a comeback from his infamous flop at the 2006 Turin Games and his near - retirement last year .
" The gold medal is great .
I think it 's perfect .
Ideally , that 's what everyone is shooting for .
But the way I skied these last races is what matters .
I would 've been proud of that skiing with a medal or not , " Miller said after turning in the third - fastest slalom leg for an overall time of 2 minutes , 44.92 seconds , a comfortable 0.33 ahead of Ivica Kostelic of Croatia .
Silvan Zurbriggen of Switzerland got the bronze .
" The way I executed -- the way I skied -- is something I 'll be proud of the rest of my life , " Miller said .
Whether he ever says so or not , it 's the Olympic gold medal that changes history 's view of Miller .
What happened in Turin is now an aberration rather than the defining moment .
Now he 'll always be seen by those outside the sport as one of Alpine skiing 's greats who frittered away one Olympics , not a should - have - been who never fulfilled his promise .
Bode Miller celebrates after earning his first Olympic gold medal with a strong slalom run in the super - combined .
Clive Mason / Getty Images
" I mean , Bode has now done everything you can in skiing .
He 's won World Cups .
He 's won World Cup overall titles , " said Will Brandenburg of Spokane , Wash. , who finished 10th in his Olympic debut .
" He 's won medals in every color .
And now he 's got the gold .
And I think that 's big .
He 's one of the best skiers of all time now and no one can discredit that . "
Older and perhaps wiser -- although good luck getting this guy to admit the latter -- Miller is at the top of his game at the right time .
What a week .
He also won a bronze in Monday 's downhill and a silver in Friday 's super - G , adding to two silvers at the 2002 Salt Lake City Games .
The five Alpine medals tie him for the second - most by any man in Olympic history , behind only the eight won by Kjetil Andre Aamodt of Norway .
At this point , who would doubt that Miller could keep going , maybe coming up with something special in the two remaining events , the giant slalom Tuesday and the slalom Saturday .
Miller was asked why he 's doing this now , and not in Italy four years ago , when he tuned out , partied hard and failed to live up to the expectations thrust on him by the media , by sponsors , by fans .
Miller only finished two of five races back then , never better than fifth place .
A study of 660,000 Indians finds that a few individuals spread most new infections and that children transmit the coronavirus just as well as adults .
This also means that additional patients will receive the treatment while it is being studied .
It will be a Phase III study , in which the treatment is given to large groups of people to confirm its effectiveness .
The patients will be split into two random groups .
One group will receive just radiatio ...
CubeSail
( PhysOrg.com ) --
New UK technology is set to play a major part in clearing dangerous clouds of debris hurtling around the Earth 's lower orbit .
More than 5,500 tonnes of debris is believed to be cluttering space around the planet as a result of 50 years of abandoning spacecraft , leading to a threat of collision to any manned or unmanned spacecraft , the destruction of hugely expensive technology and the potential threat of large debris plummeting back to Earth .
The build - up of debris - expected to grow at a rate of 5 % each year - is also believed to obstruct satellite television and other communications signals .
Scientists at the University of Surrey , working on the project funded by the European space company Astrium , have devised a 3 kg miniature satellite or " nanosatellite " fitted with a " solar sail " .
" CubeSail " is a device which can be fitted to satellites or launch vehicle upper stages that are sent into orbit and then can be deployed to successfully de-orbit equipment that has reached the end of its mission .
A 5 x 5 m , 3 kg , deployable sail is being developed to fit in a 10 x 10 x 30 cm nanosatellite and will be used in a demonstration mission to be launched in late 2011 demonstrating passive means of deorbiting for future satellites .
Dr Vaios Lappas , lead researcher on the project and Senior Lecturer in Space Vehicle Control at the Surrey Space Centre , said : " Protecting our planet and environment is key for sustainable growth .
CubeSail is a novel , low cost space mission which will demonstrate for the first time space debris / satellite deorbiting using an ultra light 5 x 5 sail stowed and supported on a 3 kg nanosatellite .
“ Successful deployment and testing of the sail can enable a low cost / mass solution to be used for future satellites and launch vehicle upper stages reducing dramatically the problem of space debris .
" Following successful in orbit demonstration , the proposed deorbit system will be offered as a standard deorbit system for Low Earth Orbit missions for satellites with a mass of less than 500 kg at a very low cost . " "
CubeSail is due to be ready for launch on new satellites next year , and is expected to be available for shifting existing debris from 2013 .
Dr Craig Underwood , Deputy Director of the Surrey Space Centre , and Reader in Spacecraft Engineering at SSC , said : “ The launch of this innovative new technology is very timely .
This week 's announcement of the creation of the UK 's space agency is evidence of the commitment to space initiatives and their huge potential for creating growth in the UK economy .
At the same time , this exciting future is increasingly dependent on finding a sustainable approach to launching and disposing safely of spacecraft . "
Explore further First Galileo satellite travels to launch site
Provided by University of Surrey
Next time your character gets shot while playing Call of Duty it could hurt for real .
A tactile gaming vest created at the University of Pennsylvania can make wearers feel a punch or a gunfire hit in sync with what 's happening on screen .
Ouch !
" The idea is to develop a haptic interface for first person shooting games , " says Saurabh Palan , a graduate student at the university who is working on the project , on his website .
" The feeling of bullet hit , body impact and vibration or a shoulder tap will enhance the gaming experience and fun . "
It 's not all play with the vest .
It can be modified for real time simulation and training by the military , says Palan .
The vest uses four solenoid actuators in the chest and shoulders in front , and two solenoids in the back , explains IEEE Spectrum .
Vibrating motors clustered against the shoulder blades simulate a reaction similar to getting stabbed .
All the components are controlled and linked to the game such that the appropriate solenoid " fires " depending on where the character in the video game is getting hit .
IEEE Spectrum says the entire experience is " closer to a paintball excursion , but it does n’t hurt as much . "
Still the gaming vest sounds pretty masochistic to me .
But for those who crave greater realism in their video games , this could be a good way to feel the pain without the bruises .
* Photo : Gaming vest ( * Saurabh Palan )
**
from the book “ Your Music and People ” : Flip it in your favor .
2010-03-29
The old saying , “ It ’s all who you know , ” used to feel so defeating .
I wanted to be a famous musician , but I did n’t know any famous people .
I did n’t grow up in Hollywood .
None of my friends were successful .
Fame was a secret insider ’s group .
So when I heard , “ It ’s all who you know , ” it felt like the rest of that sentence was , “ and you do n’t know anyone .
So forget it . ”
One day in college we had a guest speaker who was a top executive at BMI .
On his way into class I overheard him say he was hungry .
He had come straight to our school without lunch , so when the teacher told him it was a two - hour class , he groaned .
Because everyone was still getting seated , I quickly ran out to the hall , called the local pizza shop , and ordered a few pizzas to be sent to our classroom .
After they arrived , he laughed and said , “ Good move .
I owe you one . ”
He gave me his card after class , and suggested I keep in touch .
For the next two years , he took my calls and gave me all kinds of advice about the music business .
When I graduated college , he got me a great job at Warner / Chappell Music Publishing in New York City .
He heard they were hiring , called them to say their search was done , and that was that .
I started work that week .
A year later , I realized “ It ’s all who you know , ” does n’t have to be depressing .
I just never considered it could work in my favor .
Then I realized the profound conclusion .
Everything that seems depressing can be flipped to work in my favor .
Every deal that ’s bad for someone is good for someone else .
So instead of moaning about the bad side , you can take the good side .
If you think corporate radio is keeping your music from being heard , start a radio station !
Look at the history of SomaFM.com for an example .
If you think banks have an unfair advantage , you can start a bank !
Look at simple.com for an example .
In 1997 , I thought distribution for musicians sucked .
So I started CD Baby .
Now distribution does n’t suck anymore .
If you live in a democracy and do n’t like the law , you can even change the law !
You can flip anything in your favor .
It ’s easier than ever for you to replace a broken system , and never feel helpless again .
GQ Responds to Rielle Hunter 's Sexy Photo Spread John Edwards ' mistress was repulsed by the sight of the GQ photos .
March 16 , 2010  -- John Edwards ' mistress Rielle Hunter said that she thought the photo spread in GQ would include headshots and not just sexy , body - baring photos .
" Rielle is a smart woman .
She knows what she wore and what she was doing in the photo shoot , " said GQ reporter Lisa DePaulo .
Hunter , a one - time videographer for Edwards ' presidential campaign , posed for the pictures wearing only a man 's button down white shirt , a string of pearls and panties .
In some of the photos she is posed on a bed with stuffed animals piled around her .
Her panties are peeking out in one frame .
A teary Hunter told ABC News ' Barbara Walters she was repulsed by the sight of the sexy photos and thought all but one would be headshots , Walters said .
But GQ released a video of the shoot to " GMA " today and at one point the videographer asks Hunter , " You want to take a look at this ? "
Despite the provocative nature of the photos and her comments in the interview , Edwards has so far remained silent .
Click here to read the full GQ interview .
In the interview , Hunter 's first since her scandalous affair with Edwards exploded on headlines around the world in 2008 , she said she believes her relationship with the former presidential candidate may be just beginning .
" We do love each other very much , " Rielle Hunter told GQ magazine .
" And that has n't changed , and I believe that will be till death do us part .
The love does n't go away . "
But former Edwards aide Andrew Young , who had at one time claimed paternity of the couple 's love child , told ABCNews.com Monday that the interview with GQ only served to show the world that she has tapped into a well - paid " army of lawyers . "
" I think all of us , we 're all trying to find a way of reaching peace with what we 've done , " he said , before calling some of Hunter 's claims in the article " ridiculous . "
The public has skewered the former senator for cheating on his cancer - stricken wife and then denying his mistress ' child , but Hunter insists he is the epitome of truthfulness and humility .
" Everyone talks about how Johnny has fallen from grace , " Hunter , 45 , told the magazine .
" In reality , he 's fallen to grace . "
Rielle Hunter : John Edwards Seemed to Hope for Abortion
Months into the couple 's passionate affair , Hunter said that when she told Edwards she was pregnant with his child , he seemed to want her to have an abortion .
" He ... always said that he would support whatever decision I made , " Hunter told GQ .
" But I believe on some level he was hoping that I would get an abortion .
Because he did n't -- he was n't happy about the timing .
Which is understandable .
He was married and running for president . "
Representatives for both John and Elizabeth Edwards told ABC News that they would not be commenting on the GQ article .
The 10 - page Q & A , done at the rental home where Hunter lives with her and Edwards ' 2 - year - old daughter Quinn , touches on her early days with Edwards , the frustration of watching him deny their child and what she says are gargantuan untruths told by former Edwards aide Andrew Young .
" To me it kind of confirms what a lot of people thought of Rielle , " Young said of the GQ article .
When pushed to clarify , he hedged .
" That she 's a little bit of a different type of person . "
Young said it was Hunter who has taken liberties with the truth and that he has the voicemails and e-mails to corroborate his story .
Among the claims
Young took offense at -- Hunter 's insistence that she had no idea that the amount of money being funneled to her through the Youngs by private benefactors topped $ 700,000 .
" It 's patently ridiculous for Rielle to say she that did n't know that money was coming in or this or that .
We were living in a $ 20,000 a month house right down the road from Oprah Winfrey , " Young said .
" I mean , come ' on . "
He also blasted her version of events that led to Young claiming paternity of Quinn .
Young has maintained that the request came from John Edwards .
But in the GQ article , Hunter claims it was Young 's suggestion , made while Hunter was on the phone with Edwards , who was livid about his visibly pregnant mistress being photographed by the National Enquirer .
" Yeah !
I want to be the baby daddy , " Young said sarcastically .
" No -- that 's ridiculous . "
Young also questioned the photo spread that accompanied the GQ article , something Hunter herself was said to be very upset about .
ABC News ' Barbara Walters said on " The View " today that she had spoken with Hunter in the morning and that Hunter said there was supposed to be just one sexy photo , not an entire collection .
" She thought they were repulsive , " Walters said .
" She cried for two hours and realizes how terrible they are . "
Click here for complete coverage of the John Edwards scandal .
Rielle Hunter : No Comment on Alleged Sex Tape
Hunter told GQ that she was not a mistress by nature -- only a woman in love .
" It 's a role that I took on because I fell in love with him , " she said .
" And that was the role that was available to me . "
And unlike Edwards ' relationship with his now - estranged wife , Elizabeth , " he 's not afraid of me , " Hunter said , classifying their marriage toxic and " very abusive . "
" It 's interesting , though , that he allowed himself to be abused .
You know , he 's no victim , " Hunter told GQ .
" But I think it had to do with having the guilt of the double life -- it allowed him to accept the abuse . "
Edwards ' fear of his wife was " huge , " Hunter said .
" He could not go to his wife and say , ' We have an issue . '
Because he would be pummeled , " she said .
" Most of his mistakes or errors in judgment were because of his fear of the wrath of Elizabeth , " she said .
" He 's allowed himself to be pushed into a lot of things that he would n't normally do because of Elizabeth 's story line .
And the spin that she wants to put out there .
He was emasculated .
And you know , the wrath of Elizabeth is a mighty wrath . "
When asked if she felt bad for Elizabeth Edwards , Hunter told GQ that she has " such compassion for her , " but that Elizabeth has an " unwillingness to take responsibility for her part in the marriage "
Hunter confirmed to GQ that the first words she said to the former senator were " You 're so hot " and said she slept with Edwards the first night they met .
She described their connection as " magnetic . "
" And by the way , he is hot , " she told the magazine .
" He is not the two - dimensional geek that I thought he was , by any stretch of the imagination .
He is hot . "
Hunter did not comment on an alleged sex tape featuring Edwards and herself .
Elizabeth Edwards and Andrew Young , Edwards ' former aide who initially claimed to be the father of Edwards ' child with Hunter , have not commented on Hunter 's interview , but in it , she said John Edwards was all for her speaking out .
" He 's very supportive of me talking now , " Hunter said .
" He believes that it 's something that will help me be at peace with it .
And he knows how important truth is to me .
Factual truth as well as spiritual truth . "
Rielle Hunter on John Edwards : ' Our Connection is Profound '
Hunter blasted Young for what she called blatant lies about her affair with Edwards , saying his motivations and those of his wife , Cheri Young , are mixed and fueled by the sting of being scorned .
" I 'll say this about Andrew 's book :
If his grand jury testimony matches his book , I would suspect that they will be looking at him for many , many counts of perjury , " Hunter told GQ
" I think like I do with everything : the truth eventually reveals itself .
And we 're all here to grow and evolve .
And I think Andrew will grow and evolve , even if it 's behind bars , " she continued .
But Young said he 's confident in his version of events .
" There 's a part of me that still loves the people I knew at first , " Young said .
" Then I 'm very angry at the people who are using an army of lawyers to try and lie and discredit me . "
Hunter told GQ that she could not afford the home John and Elizabeth Edwards initially picked out for her .
Edwards , she told GQ , helps her out " a little bit " and pays child support for Quinn , but that she needs to work .
Asked if she believed Edwards would do the right thing when it comes to supporting their child , she replied , " He is doing the right thing .
And he 's a great father .
Once Johnny and Elizabeth separated , we were able to move forward quite quickly .
And it has to do with him not hiding in order to see his daughter .
He very much wants to be in her life full - time , and he does n't want to hide . "
But she admitted it was painful and frustrating to watch Edwards publicly profess his love for his wife all the while denying her and their child .
Hunter told GQ that she spoke with Edwards shortly after the August 2008 " Nightline " interview with ABC News ' Bob Woodruff in which he said Elizabeth Edwards was the only woman he ever loved .
" I said , ' Ouch , that hurt . '
And he said , ' I 'm sorry . '
And ' It does n't mean anything . '
And it didn't , " Hunter told GQ .
" I know he loves me .
I have never had any doubt at all about that . "
She described their love to the magazine as unending .
" The love does n't go away , " she said .
" It 's unconditional .
It 's unconditional on my part , but our connection is profound . "
Business
CBC
When the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited B.C. in 2016 , they were presented with gifts of wraps , blankets and bowties adorned with the distinctive , eye - catching art of the coastal First Nations .
Each piece was created by Vancouver designer Chloë Angus , who was also responsible for every outfit then - premier Christy Clark wore during the royal visit .
Angus is one of the most prominent designers in B.C. 's Indigenous apparel world , with clothing sold on BC Ferries and in major museums and art galleries across the country .
She 's frequently featured in magazine pieces highlighting Indigenous - owned fashion houses , has applied for at least one grant meant to support Indigenous artists and advertises her company as co-owned with her Métis husband .
But Angus is not Indigenous , and corporate records show she alone owns her company , Chloë Angus Design , which has been a sole proprietorship since its founding in 2004 .
A community of B.C. - based Indigenous clothing designers say they 're fed up with Angus misrepresenting her company , and they 're accusing her of profiting from watering down their cultures to satisfy the " average white lady " that Angus has said is her target audience .
Their concerns raise questions about who has the right to make money from the cultural and artistic traditions of First Nations , Métis and Inuit communities in Canada .
The prints Angus uses on her apparel are licensed from Indigenous artists , two of whom told CBC News they have no problem with what she 's doing .
But Haida designer Dorothy Grant , who has been incorporating Haida art into her fashion for more than three decades , has a different perspective .
" There 's a long history of abuse , of theft of everything that belongs to Indigenous people , and this is another format of that , " she told CBC News .
Angus is far from the only non-Indigenous businessperson to make a living from Indigenous art , but a number of designers who spoke with CBC News say her prominence in the fashion industry has galvanized them .
"
The outrage that we 're feeling at how far and how extreme she 's stepped into our realm , it definitely united us , " said Haida and Cree designer Erin Brillon of Totem Design House .
Designer defends her workIn an interview , Angus acknowledged she has faced a lot of criticism in recent months , but says her goal with the Indigenous - inspired Spirit Collection has always been to create better understanding between non-Indigenous Canadians and their Indigenous neighbours .
" It is a very racially motivated time , " she said of the criticism .
" I have been an ally in wanting to support Indigenous people and Indigenous businesses since I was a young person .
"
In a follow - up email , Angus charged that the " negative campaign against me personally stems from misinformation and fear .
" Angus 's designs are created in collaboration with Indigenous artists , who licence their work in exchange for royalties .
Two of the Indigenous artists who 've collaborated with her , Corrine Hunt and Steve Smith , say they have no complaints about the process .
Hunt described Angus as a " gem " in an interview with CBC News , and said she 's seen no evidence of cultural appropriation .
But other designers argue Angus 's licensing arrangement is n't good enough .
" I know that from a capitalistic standpoint , when you license designs from a person , it 's a business agreement and that 's all above board .
But where we look at it , it 's not just about business , it 's about who we are as a people , " Brillon said .
Sisters Aunalee Boyd - Good and Sophia Seward - Good , of Ay Lelum– The Good House of Design , said they 're careful to make sure their work honours ancient laws protecting the arts and culture of their family , traditions that need to be protected for future generations .
They feel that buying licensed Indigenous art from non-Indigenous designers is not the same as supporting authentic Indigenous works " As a Coast Salish design house , we have been turned down by gift shop buyers in our own territory because their floor space was allocated to licensed products , and this needs to change , " the Goods said in a written statement .
" We urge the consumer to identify and support authentic Indigenous makers and businesses first , especially when operating in their unceded territories . "
Creating public awareness of culturally conscious fashion that respects community traditions and supports Indigenous entrepreneurs is one of the main goals of the Indigenous designers and artists interviewed for this story .
They also want Angus to be fully transparent about her company — or better yet , to step aside and stop using Indigenous motifs in her work .
" I think we have to draw the line somewhere , " said Kwaguilth and Squamish designer himikalas , who has created clothing and jewelry for the last 35 years as Pam Baker .
Fashion company is not 'held jointly '
Angus recently attracted social media fury when the ethical and sustainable fashion website Attire Media included her in a list of " 8 sustainable Indigenous - owned brands .
" Attire removed Angus from the list after outcry from commenters , but her name remains on similar lists from publications like Fashion magazine , The Kit and Refinery29 .
Angus does not pretend to be Indigenous , describing herself instead as an ally .
But the confusion over ownership of her company is understandable .
Until very recently , the Chloë Angus Design website described the company as " held jointly " by Angus and her Métis husband , executive Gabe Eyers .
Public documents available through B.C. Registry Services show Angus 's husband has no ownership in the business .
Shortly after CBC News reached out to Angus to request an interview for this story , her company 's site was updated to say the company is the couple 's " business baby . "
It is still described as " over 50 % Métis owned " on Angus 's Google business profile .
Angus said she described the company as " held jointly " because she considers it a family business , and said that despite his lack of an ownership stake or official title with the company , her husband often pitches in with everything from loading boxes to writing budgets .
She said the changing descriptions her company 's ownership reflect the " growth " of the business .
"
It 's also the personal growth of my husband and his own personal journey and reclaiming his rightful Métis heritage , " Angus said .
But other designers take issue with Angus using her husband 's Métis heritage as an entry point for profiting from the arts and culture of the culturally distinct coastal First Nations .
Vancouver - based Métis designer Evan Ducharme said he would never presume to use elements from another community 's artistic traditions .
Even when he incorporates
Métis themes into his work , he takes special care to make sure they 're appropriate .
"
If something is going to be going up on my website , I need to have these conversations with my grandmother , with my mother , with my father , with my siblings , with my cousins , with my community , " he said .
" These are the people that I am responsible to , and these are the people who I aim to uplift with my work .
" Controversy over grantAnother sore spot for Angus 's critics is the fact that her company received $ 10,250 in funding in 2019 from the Canada Council for the Arts " Creating , Knowing and Sharing " program to travel to London Fashion Week .
A spokesperson for the council confirmed the grants are meant to support Canadians who " self - define as First Nations , Inuit or Métis . "
Though the grant was awarded to her company , Chloë Angus Design , Angus says she applied as a group collective .
The program 's criteria stipulate that eligible collectives must have two or more members , more than half of whom identify as Indigenous .
A copy of Angus 's application , which she provided to CBC News , defines her collective as Angus and seven artists with whom she has collaborated .
None of the artists were included in the team she proposed for the trip to the U.K. ; she writes that they have " appointed " her as their representative .
Angus argues that her application would n't have been approved if she did n't meet the requirements of the program .
" That grant program is incredibly detailed and vetted , so nobody is getting through that who is not honest and transparent and doing the right thing , " she said .
Some of those who spoke with CBC News for this story also point to a number of situations where they believe Angus has asked for or taken opportunities they believe should be reserved for Indigenous designers .
That includes things like keeping a booth at Indigenous Peoples Day in Vancouver , and asking to be included in the 2017 Vancouver Indigenous Fashion Week .
That event 's founder , Joleen Mitton , told CBC News she included one non-Indigenous designer who collaborates with Indigenous artists in 2017 in the spirit of reconciliation .
Mitton says she chose to reject Angus after she touted her connections to former premier Clark and the royals — neither of which are particularly beloved by the wider Indigenous community .
Angus wrote in an email to CBC News that she believes Mitton 's decision was based on " petty immaturity and personal judgment .
" Indigenous - inspired clothes for ' the average white lady '
The origin story that Angus often tells begins with her childhood near Jervis Inlet on the Sunshine Coast , where she felt a close connection to her neighbours in the shíshálh Nation .
She says her goal with the Spirit Collection , which began as a collaboration with Haida artist Clarence Mills , was to share the experience with others .
Cultural anthropologist Solen Roth interviewed Angus for her 2013 PhD thesis at UBC , and Angus explained that non-Indigenous women were her target market from the beginning .
" I started thinking about doing this contemporary line that would be … not too bold for the average white lady to wear , " she told Roth .
" Some of the clothing that is being made with Native designs , not a lot of ladies can pull it off .
It 's often quite traditional , in heavier wool ... and the images on them are very bold .
And I can't wear something like that , even though I have a huge appreciation for this .
" That is infuriating to Kwiaahwah Jones , a curator and tattooist of Haida and Nisga 'a descent who created the Haida Now exhibit at the Museum of Vancouver .
" Haida art is so sophisticated .
I consider it a form of sacred geometry that our ancestors perfected over a very long time , " Jones said .
" That sophistication should not be dumbed down for anybody , and it should not be appropriated by people that are not Haida , and it should not be used as a platform for accommodating white ladies .
" WATCH : Kwiaahwah Jones explains the ' sacred geometry ' of Haida artFor established designers like Grant , who has counted many white women among her customers , Angus 's attitude is a personal affront .
Grant said her customers are proud to wear her designs because they represent Haida culture and Canada as a whole .
" For somebody to say that they design particularly for white people and that they 're kind of better at it , I find that very offensive and somewhat racist , " Grant said .
Angus stands by her 2013 quote , and denies that she has watered down the art of the Haida and other coastal First Nations for the consumption of white people .
" I know none of the artists that work with me in collaboration on creating the Spirit Collection feel that their work has been watered down .
In fact , more than anything , we have brought just more fashion into it , " she said .
'This has been going on for way too long '
The designers interviewed for this story said they want to see an end to non-Indigenous business people profiting from Indigenous art .
"
The bottom line is this has been going on for way too long , and we have to take hold of this and do something about it , " said designer and gallery owner Teresa Walker .
Lou - Ann Neel , a Kwakwaka 'wakw artist and head of Indigenous Collections and Repatriation at the Royal B.C. Museum , said she has long argued for a form of community copyright for First Nations art form .
" I want the legislation to be abundantly clear that there are communal rights that are extended into our communities , " Neel said .
Grant points out that Article 11 of the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples , which became law in B.C. last year , says Indigenous art forms must be protected from exploitation .
"
The government has to get behind it , " she said .
" Somebody cannot declare that they 're an Indigenous company and not be an Indigenous company .
" As for Angus , she says she has no immediate plans to change the way she works , but she would be open to collaborating with the designers who have criticized her .
It 's official : as this is written , the most powerful particle collisions ever achieved by the human race are taking place inside the great subterranean detector caverns of the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) .
An initial hiccup this morning saw an overly - jumpy automatic protection system quench a magnet and dump one of the beams , but boffins at the colossal 27 - km machine 's controls fought back to re-establish a ring of lightspeed 3.5 tera - electron - volt ( TeV ) protons in the affected magno - doughnut in time for lunch .
Shortly after 12:00 UK time , with both beams up and running at 3.5 TeV - several times any previous collision energies achieved - controls were cautiously tweaked to cross the two proton streams inside the detector arrays .
Jubilant boffins packing the several control rooms involved cheered and clapped as the human race 's first 7 TeV collisions appeared on the screens .
Tinfoilclad doom prophets around the world - fearing some kind of planet - imploding black hole mishap , planetary soupening or custardisation event etc - no doubt found it a trouser - moistening moment , but in fact as we write everything seems to be nominal at CERN .
Evidently , as it turns out , all the world 's top physicists were right and the tinfoilers were wrong .
Science fans can now look forward in the immediate future to a volley of excellent collision pictures from the various detectors .
Thereafter , once the enormous supercomputing arrays of CERN get to crunching on the resulting stream of data , various promised scientific treats are to be expected : the Higgs boson ( or " God particle " ) may make its appearance , or not , so settling the long - running feud between Professors Higgs and Hawking .
Top CERN boffin Sergio Bertolucci has also predicted the opening of some kind of portal into a bizarre extra-dimensional continuum of some kind ; though sadly he expects this to be too small and shortlived to allow for any regrettable but of course excitingly newsworthy parallel - universe portal invasions or similar .
After a year + of proton billiards at 3.5TeV , the LHC will be shut down for a year or so for upgrades necessary to let it run at its design maximum power of 7TeV , allowing truly outrageous 14 TeV collision energies .
Geneva looks set to be the party town of Europe tonight , as roistering boffins take to the streets to celebrate their triumph .
" We could not contain the joy , " reported a CERN spokeswoman as riotous scenes took place in the control rooms earlier on . ®
The White House called for a “ simple up - or - down ” vote on health care legislation Sunday as Speaker Nancy Pelosi appealed to House Democrats to get behind President Barack Obama ’s chief domestic priority even it if threatens their political careers .
In voicing support for a simple majority vote , White House health reform director Nancy - Ann DeParle signaled Obama ’s intention to push the Democratic - crafted bill under Senate rules that would overcome GOP stalling tactics .
ADVERTISEMENT
Republicans unanimously oppose the Democratic proposals .
Without GOP support , Obama ’s only chance of emerging with a policy and political victory is to bypass the bipartisanship he promoted during his televised seven - hour health care summit Thursday .
“ We ’re not talking about changing any rules here , ” DeParle said .
“ All the president ’s talking about is :
Do we need to address this problem and does it make sense to have a simple , up - or - down vote on whether or not we want to fix these problems ? ”
DeParle was optimistic that the president would have the votes to pass the massive bill .
But none of legislation ’s advocates who spoke on Sunday indicated that those votes were in hand .
“ I think we will get to that point where we will have the votes , ” predicted Sen. Robert Menendez , D - N.J. , a member of the Senate Democratic leadership .
“ I believe that we will pass health care reform this spring . ”
In a sober call to arms , Pelosi said lawmakers sometimes must enact policies that , even if unpopular at the moment , will help the public .
“ We ’re not here just to self - perpetuate our service in Congress , ” she said .
“ We ’re here to do the job for the American people . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Pelosi said it took courage for Congress to pass Social Security and Medicare , which eventually became highly popular , “ and many of the same forces that were at work decades ago are at work again against this bill . ”
It ’s unclear whether Pelosi ’s remarks will embolden or chill dozens of moderate House Democrats who face withering criticisms of the health care proposal in visits with constituents and in national polls .
Republican lawmakers unanimously oppose the health care proposals , and many GOP strategists believe voters will turn against Democrats in the November elections .
Pelosi , from San Francisco , is more liberal than scores of her Democratic colleagues .
But she generally walks a careful line between urging them to back left - of - center policies and giving them a green light to buck party leaders to improve their re-election hopes .
ADVERTISEMENT
Her comments seemed to acknowledge the widely held view that Democrats will lose House seats this fall — maybe a lot .
They now control the chamber 255 to 178 , with two vacancies .
Pelosi stopped well short of suggesting Democrats could lose their majority , but she called on members of her party to make a bold move on health care with no prospects of GOP help .
“ Time is up , ” she said .
“ We really have to go forth . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Rep. Eric Cantor of Virginia , the second - ranking Republican leader in the House , made it clear Republicans see a Democrats - only bill as an election - year issue .
“ If Speaker Pelosi rams through this bill , through the House … they will lose their majority in Congress in November , ” he said .
The White House is redoubling efforts to remind voters that the Senate passed an Obama - backed health care bill in December with 60 votes .
Every Republican voted against that bill .
A Republican Senate victory in Massachusetts in January , however , left Democrats one vote shy of the number necessary to overcome GOP filibusters .
ADVERTISEMENT
As a result , a new plan would call for the House to pass the Senate bill and send it to Obama .
The Senate would then use budget reconciliation rules to make several changes demanded by House Democrats .
Those rules prohibit filibusters .
Exactly what the legislation would look like remained a matter of negotiation within Democratic ranks .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada , “ is working with his caucus , the White House and the House leadership on strategy and next steps , ” Reid spokesman Jim Manley said Sunday .
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky renewed his party ’s demand that Obama and the Democrats start over and write a bipartisan health care bill .
He said that while the reconciliation process has been used to pass legislation in the past , it should not apply to health care legislation .
“ There are a number of other Republicans who do not think something of this magnitude ought to be jammed down the throats of a public that does n’t want it through this kind of device , ” McConnell said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Pelosi said that “ in a matter of days ” Democrats will have specific legislative language on health care to show to the public and to wavering lawmakers .
She predicted voters will warm up to the bill once they understand its details .
“ When we have a bill , ” she said , “ you can bake the pie , you can sell the pie .
But you have to have a pie to sell . ”
At that point , added House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer of Maryland , top Democrats will make their pitch to their members .
“ Within the next couple of weeks we ’re going to have a specific proposal and start counting votes to see whether or not those proposals could pass , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Pelosi appeared on ABC ’s “ This Week ” and CNN ’s “ State of the Union . ” DeParle and Cantor were on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press , ” Hoyer was on CBS ’ “ Face the Nation , ” while Menendez appeared on “ Fox News Sunday ” and McConnell spoke on CNN .
Working in a datacenter , it is often required to apply the same intereface configuration on many ports ; Cisco has an embedded useful command to do it : the smartports macros .
Smartports macros provide a convenient way to save and share common configurations .
You can use Smartports macros to enable features and settings based on the location of a switch in the network and for mass configuration deployments across the network .
Each Smartports macro is a set of CLI commands that you define .
Smartports macros do not contain new CLI commands ; they are simply a group of existing CLI commands .
When you apply a Smartports macro on an interface , the CLI commands within the macro are configured on the interface .
When the macro is applied to an interface , the existing interface configurations are not lost .
The new commands are added to the interface and are saved in the running configuration file .
Use Smartports Macros
It ’s easy to configure and to use smartports macros :
configure smartports macros apply the smartports macros ( optional ) see smartports macros configuration
1 . To create a smartport macro , use the command macro name ‘ macro - name ’ ; then enter the macro commands with one command per line .
Use the @ character to end the macro .
Use the # character at the beginning of a line to enter comment text within the macro .
You can define keywords within a macro by using a help string to specify the keywords .
Enter # macro keywords word to define the keywords that are available for use with the macro .
Separated by a space , you can enter up to three help string keywords in a macro .
Remember :
Macro names are case sensitive .
For example , the commands macro name Sample - Macro and macro name sample - macro will result in two separate macros .
A macro definition can contain up to 3000 characters .
2 . To apply each individual command defined in the macro to the interface by entering macro apply ‘ macro- name ’ .
Specify macro trace ‘ macro- name ’ to apply and print each command before it is applied to the interface .
3. ( optional )
To display the Smartports macros , use one or more of the privileged EXEC commands .
show parser macro : Displays all configured macros .
show parser macro name ‘ macro- name ’ : Displays a specific macro .
show parser macro brief : Displays the configured macro names .
show parser macro description ‘ interface interface - id ’ : Displays the macro description for all interfaces or for a specified interface .
There are Cisco - default Smartports macros embedded in the switch software .
You can display these macros and the commands they contain by using the show parser macro user EXEC command .
Cisco - Default Smartports Macros
cisco - global : Use this global configuration macro to enable load balancing across VLANs , provide rapid convergence of spanning - tree instances and to enable port error recovery .
cisco - desktop :
Use this interface configuration macro for increased network security and reliability when connecting a desktop device , such as a PC , to a switch port .
cisco - phone :
Use this interface configuration macro when connecting a desktop device such as a PC with a Cisco IP Phone to a switch port .
This macro is an extension of the cisco - desktop macro and provides the same security and resiliency features , but with the addition of dedicated voice VLANs to ensure proper treatment of delay - sensitive voice traffic .
cisco - switch : Use this interface configuration macro when connecting an access switch and a distribution switch or between access switches connected using GigaStack modules or GBICs .
cisco - router : Use this interface configuration macro when connecting the switch and a WAN router .
cisco - lre-cpe : Use this interface configuration macro to optimize performance when the switch is installed in apartment buildings or hotels , or when it is used to deliver Video - on - Demand ( VoD ) , or multicast video .
cisco - wireless :
Use this interface configuration macro when connecting the switch and a wireless access point .
Below the default smartports macros existing on my cisco Catalysy 2950 ( IOS 12.1 ( 22 ) EA8A ) :
Ciscozine#sh parser macro brief default global : cisco - global default interface : cisco - desktop default interface : cisco - phone default interface : cisco - switch default interface : cisco - router default interface : cisco - wireless Switch # Switch#sh parser macro
Total number of macros =
6
--------------------------------------------------------------
Macro name : cisco - global Macro type : default global #
Enable dynamic port error recovery for link state # failures errdisable recovery cause link - flap errdisable recovery interval 60 # Config Cos to DSCP mappings mls qos map cos-dscp 0 8 16 26 32 46 46 56 # Enable aggressive mode UDLD on all fiber uplinks udld aggressive # Enable Rapid PVST + and Loopguard spanning - tree mode rapid - pvst spanning - tree loopguard default spanning - tree extend system - id --------------------------------------------------------------
Macro name : cisco - desktop
Macro type : default interface # macro keywords $ access_vlan # Basic interface - Enable data VLAN only # Recommended value for access vlan should not be 1 switchport access vlan $ access_vlan switchport mode access #
Enable port security limiting port to a single # MAC address -- that of desktop switchport port - security switchport port - security maximum 1 # Ensure port - security age is greater than one minute # and use inactivity timer switchport port - security violation restrict switchport port - security aging time 2 switchport port - security aging type inactivity #
Configure port as an edge network port spanning - tree portfast spanning - tree bpduguard enable # Remark all inbound data packets with COS=0 & DSCP =0 mls qos cos override --------------------------------------------------------------
Macro name : cisco - phone Macro type : default interface # Cisco IP phone + desktop template # macro keywords $ access_vlan $ voice_vlan # VoIP enabled interface - Enable data VLAN # and voice VLAN # Recommended value for access vlan should not be 1 switchport access vlan $ access_vlan switchport mode access #
Update the Voice VLAN value which should be # different from data VLAN # Recommended value for voice vlan should not be 1 switchport voice vlan $ voice_vlan #
Enable port security limiting port to a 2 MAC # addressess --
One for desktop and one for phone switchport port - security switchport port - security maximum 2 # Ensure port - security age is greater than one minute # and use inactivity timer switchport port - security violation restrict switchport port - security aging time 2 switchport port - security aging type inactivity #
Enable auto -qos to extend trust to attached Cisco phone auto qos voip cisco - phone # Configure port as an edge network port spanning - tree portfast spanning - tree bpduguard enable --------------------------------------------------------------
Macro name : cisco - switch Macro type : default interface # macro keywords $ native_vlan # Access Uplink to Distribution #
Do not apply to EtherChannel / Port Group # Define unique Native VLAN on trunk ports #
Recommended value for native vlan should not be 1 switchport trunk native vlan $ native_vlan #
Update the allowed VLAN range ( ALL ) such that it # includes data , voice and native VLANs switchport trunk allowed vlan ALL # Hardcode trunk and disable negotiation to # speed up convergence switchport mode trunk switchport nonegotiate #
Configure qos to trust this interface auto qos voip trust # 802.1w defines the link as pt-pt for rapid convergence spanning - tree link - type point - to - point --------------------------------------------------------------
Macro name : cisco - router Macro type : default interface # macro keywords $ native_vlan # Access Uplink to Distribution # Define unique Native VLAN on trunk ports #
Recommended value for native vlan should not be 1 switchport trunk native vlan $ native_vlan #
Update the allowed VLAN range ( ALL ) such that it # includes data , voice and native VLANs switchport trunk allowed vlan ALL # Hardcode trunk and disable negotiation to # speed up convergence switchport mode trunk switchport nonegotiate #
Configure qos to trust this interface auto qos voip trust mls qos trust dscp #
Ensure fast access to the network when enabling the interface .
#
Ensure that switch devices cannot become active on the interface .
spanning - tree portfast trunk spanning - tree bpduguard enable --------------------------------------------------------------
Macro name : cisco - wireless
Macro type : default interface # macro keywords $ native_vlan # Access Uplink to Distribution # Define unique Native VLAN on trunk ports #
Recommended native vlan should NOT be 1 switchport trunk native vlan $ native_vlan #
Update the allowed VLAN range such that it # includes data , voice and native VLANs switchport trunk allowed vlan ALL # Hardcode trunk and disable negotiation to speed up convergence switchport mode trunk switchport nonegotiate #
Configure qos to trust this interface auto qos voip trust mls qos trust cos #
Ensure that switch devices cannot become active on the interface .
spanning - tree bpduguard enable
--------------------------------------------------------------
Ciscozine#
Remember : Cisco - default Smartports macros vary depending on the software version running on your switch .
Smartports Macro Configuration Guidelines
When creating a macro , do not use the exit or end commands or change the command mode by using interface interface - id .
This could cause commands that follow exit , end , or interface interface - id to execute in a different command mode .
When creating a macro , all CLI commands should be in the same configuration mode .
When creating a macro that requires the assignment of unique values , use the parameter value keywords to designate values specific to the interface .
Keyword matching is case sensitive .
All matching occurrences of the keyword are replaced with the corresponding value .
Any full match of a keyword , even if it is part of a larger string , is considered a match and is replaced by the corresponding value .
Macro names are case sensitive .
For example , the commands macro name Sample - Macro and macro name sample - macro will result in two separate macros .
Some macros might contain keywords that require a parameter value .
You can use the macro global apply macro-name ?
global configuration command or the macro apply macro-name ?
interface configuration command to display a list of any required values in the macro .
If you apply a macro without entering the keyword values , the commands are invalid and are not applied .
When a macro is applied globally to a switch or to a switch interface , all existing configuration on the interface is retained .
This is helpful when applying an incremental configuration .
If you modify a macro definition by adding or deleting commands , the changes are not reflected on the interface where the original macro was applied .
You need to reapply the updated macro on the interface to apply the new or changed commands .
You can use the macro global trace macro-name global configuration command or the macro trace macro-name interface configuration command to apply and debug a macro to find any syntax or configuration errors .
If a command fails because of a syntax error or a configuration error , the macro continues to apply the remaining commands .
Some CLI commands are specific to certain interface types .
If a macro is applied to an interface that does not accept the configuration , the macro will fail the syntax check or the configuration check , and the switch will return an error message .
Applying a macro to an interface range is the same as applying a macro to a single interface .
When you use an interface range , the macro is applied sequentially to each interface within the range .
If a macro command fails on one interface , it is still applied to the remaining interfaces .
When you apply a macro to a switch or a switch interface , the macro name is automatically added to the switch or interface .
You can display the applied commands and macro names by using the show running - config user EXEC command .
Example
In this example , I want to configure a smartport macro named ‘ test ’ to the fastethernet0 / 2 ; the macro will have these features :
vlan $ VLANID , where $ VLANID is the parameter switchport mode access switchport access vlan $ VLANID
only 1 mac - address per port switchport port- security
port - fast features - Advertisement - spanning - tree portfast
speed 100 speed 100
duplex full duplex full
no shutdown no shut
1 . The command executed to create the smartport macro are :
Ciscozine ( config ) # macro name test Enter macro commands one per line .
End with the character ' @ ' .
switchport mode access switchport access vlan $ VLANID switchport port - security spanning - tree portfast speed 100 duplex full no shut #macro keywords $ VLANID @ Ciscozine ( config ) #
2 . To apply the ‘ test ’ macro to fasthernet0/2 :
Ciscozine ( config ) # inter fas0 /2 Ciscozine ( config - if ) # macro trace test $ VLANID 10 Applying command ... ' switchport mode access '
Applying command ... ' switchport access vlan 10 ' Applying command ... ' switchport port- security ' Applying command ... ' spanning - tree portfast '
% Warning : portfast should only be enabled on ports connected to a single host .
Connecting hubs , concentrators , switches , bridges , etc ... to this interface when portfast is enabled , can cause temporary bridging loops .
Use with CAUTION % Portfast has been configured on FastEthernet0 / 2 but will only have effect when the interface is in a non-trunking mode .
Applying command ... ' speed 100 ' Applying command ... ' duplex full '
Applying command ... ' no shut ' Ciscozine ( config - if ) #
3 . To show the new macro and the fastethernet0 / 2 configuration :
Ciscozine ( config ) # do show parser macro name test Macro name : test Macro type : customizable switchport mode access switchport access vlan $ VLANID switchport port - security spanning - tree portfast speed 100 duplex full no shut #macro keywords $ VLANID Ciscozine ( config ) # do sh run int fas0 / 2 Building configuration ...
Current configuration : 182 bytes !
interface FastEthernet0/2 switchport access vlan 10 switchport mode access switchport port - security speed 100 duplex full macro description test spanning - tree portfast end Ciscozine ( config ) #
References : http://www.ciscosystems.com/…/guide/swmacro.html
By Jane Ashley
Health reporter , BBC News
Are women ' greater hypochondriacs ? '
Women are more likely than men to complain about their health even when they are in better shape , according to government statistics .
UK researchers looked at links between how healthy people thought they were , and their death rate .
They found women were more likely than men to say they were in poor health , but less likely to die over the following 5 years .
Doctors are concerned about men's apparent lack of awareness of health .
The analysis used data from three studies across England and Wales , Northern Ireland and Scotland .
It looked at how those aged 35 - 74 at the time of the 2001 Census rated their health , and their mortality from 2001 to 2006 .
Men are less aware of their symptoms than women , and are more reluctant to seek help .
Peter Baker , Chief Executive of the Men's Health Forum
It found there was generally a strong association between those reporting that their health was only poor or fair , and subsequent deaths .
Women were more likely to report poorer health than men , but this was not reflected in subsequent mortality rates .
Doctors and campaigners are concerned about men's apparent lack of awareness about health problems and reluctance to go to the doctor .
Commenting on the study , Steve Field , Chairman of the Royal College of General Practitioners , said women are better at disclosing how they feel about their health .
Steps should be taken to encourage men to report health problems earlier , he said .
" The message for the health system is that it should try harder to make it easier for men to access healthcare through suitable hours , venues and phone or computer consultations .
" If men have got concerns about their health , they should come and talk to their GP , " he added .
' Extremely worrying ' Peter Baker , Chief Executive of the Men's Health Forum , said the findings were consistent with previous research which showed men are less likely than women to acknowledge health problems to themselves or others .
He pointed out that studies have shown that men who develop diseases like cancer and diabetes tend to be diagnosed later than women .
Mr Baker said : " Men are less aware of their symptoms than women , and are more reluctant to seek help .
" They delay going to the doctor which means their symptoms are more advanced and harder to treat .
" This is extremely worrying .
Forty percent of men die before the age of 75 . "
Read some of your comments about this story :
This report backs up what all men know .
I do n't think it 's an " awareness " problem as such , it 's more an unwillingness to admit weakness amongst your peers ; I think a lot of men think of ill - health as just that , a sign of weakness .
This viewpoint is unfortunately compounded by their rare experiences at the doctors , who are often all too happy to send you on your way with a " drink plenty of fluids , and come back in two weeks if it 's no better . "
Men do n't want to put their hands in the air , admit " weakness " , and then essentially get told to go away and " man up . "
If GPs could appreciate that less than ideal mindset and act more compassionately , it may make a difference !
James , Exeter
You only have to visit a doctor 's surgery to realise , as the majority in the waiting room are women , which sex is the greater hypochondriac .
Paul Watts , Vejle , Denmark
This is all hardly a surprise given the unfair bias towards paying for awareness and treatment of women 's illnesses compared to men's .
Look at how much goes to combat breast cancer , while prostate cancer is almost forgotten .
For every prostate cancer drug on the market , there are seven used to treat breast cancer .
Peter C , Newcastle
Men tend to see health as a very black and white thing - " I 'm either ill or I 'm well " whereas women tend to see health in a more open spectrum .
As such , men will deny they are ill until it becomes unavoidable , at which point they are more than happy to adopt the " sick role . "
Hence the terrible severity of apparent " man flu . "
Josh , Nottingham
Is it not partly the case , though , that men are more aware of the fact that in the vast majority of cases the doctor cannot do much with their problem ( who are the worriers queuing up for antibiotics to treat a virus ?
I would suspect fewer men would fall into this category as they know it wo n't help ) .
Whilst I am sure there are things that can be done to improve men's health , it should not be forgotten that there are numerous cases where medical intervention causes worse outcomes than would occur with no intervention at all .
Surely the primary focus for men's health is to allow them to identify when they have something serious that really is worth investigating further ?
Neil , Fulham , London Men are reluctant to come forward in case they are accused of having ' man flu ' , so they hide their symptoms and try to tough it out .
If doctors are serious about men's health , they need to stop lecturing us , and start opening weekends and evenings .
If they do n't do that , they can't be that bothered .
Rick , Sheffield
If women make greater demands on the NHS they should pay a higher rate of National Insurance than men .
" Men are less aware of their symptoms than women , and are more reluctant to seek help " .
Er no men do n't moan and whinge as much as women !
C Towers , Leeds
This is true .
My mother and my wife are always moaning about their health .
Even a simple cold makes them miserable .
My wife seems to always think she has a cough despite rarely coughing .
And do n't get me started on sleep .
If my wife does n't get seven solid hours a night she moans whereas I rarely get more than five , feel awful in the morning but keep it to myself .
Roger , London
Since seeing a doctor now involves " same day booking " - i.e. taking a day off work and sitting around waiting to be seen - is it any wonder that men have a harder time than women in getting medical help ?
Still , I 'm sure driving away working patients results in a more efficient service for layabouts and whingers .
Mark Saunders , Bath
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
These are not easy tutorials .
If you are beginner in photoshop , probably your wallpaper would n't be success .
These are not the best tutorials on the internet , it 's the best what we found for you .
The best ways to experiment and try new things with Photoshop is to create wallpaper .
You can done these ...
These are not easy tutorials .
If you are beginner in photoshop , probably your wallpaper would n’t be success .
These are not the best tutorials on the internet , it ’s the best what we found for you .
The best ways to experiment and try new things with Photoshop is to create wallpaper .
You can done these tutorials for approximately 20 minutes or for little less times .
So , let ’s start with our list , it ’s not sorted by quality or difficulty .
1. Typography Wallpaper in Photoshop
( click on image for tutorial )
2. Create an Intensely Grungy Wallpaper
( click on image for tutorial )
3. Abstract Lines Background
( click on image for tutorial )
4.Turning a Picture Vintage
( click on image for tutorial )
5. Vector Wallpaper Tutorial
( click on image for tutorial )
6.Old Photos Wallpaper Tutorial
( click on image for tutorial )
7.Knight Rider Wallpaper Tutorial
( click on image for tutorial )
8.Team Fortress 2 Wallpaper
( click on image for tutorial )
9. Water drops on a spider web
( click on image for tutorial )
10 . Using Some Free Stuff to Create a Wallpaper
( click on image for tutorial )
11. Abstract Art Wallpaper
( click on image for tutorial )
12 . Design a Vista Styled Wallpaper
( click on image for tutorial )
13 . Marine Wallpaper
( click on image for tutorial )
14 . Abstract Christmas wallpaper
( click on image for tutorial )
15 . Beautiful Rainbow Island Wallpaper
( click on image for tutorial )
16 . Create A Glowing Extreme Wallpaper
( click on image for tutorial )
17 . Fire Dragon
( click on image for tutorial )
18 . Distant Desert City Scene
( click on image for tutorial )
19 . Screamusic Wallpaper
( click on image for tutorial )
20 . Design a Music Wallpaper Montage
( click on image for tutorial )
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
We offer all kinds of certification exams including cisco braindumps and ccie training certifications .
Our guaranteed ccna training dumps are freely accessible all around the world .
WHETHER IT was a major diplomatic slight or a minor one overblown by media coverage , what happened to Representative William Delahunt in a congressional trip to Israel last month was telling .
Because the trip was sponsored by J Street , a “ pro-Israel , pro-peace ’ ’ organization that has criticized the Israeli government , Israel ’s minister of foreign affairs , Avigdor Lieberman , and his deputy , Danny Ayalon , refused to meet with the five congressmen as long as J Street and another pro-peace sponsor was present .
The message was clear :
Your traveling companions have criticized us , so we wo n’t sit with you unless you keep them away from the table .
Israel ’s government certainly has the right to choose who it talks to .
But its actions show it to be a step behind the changing composition and attitudes of American Jewry .
At a time when many American Jews are feeling fewer compunctions about criticizing Israel , and are often less concerned with external threats posed by Iran and Israel ’s other enemies than the demographic time bomb it faces as its Palestinian population expands , what it means to be “ pro -Israel ’ ’ is changing , particularly among younger Jews .
There are still plenty of young American Jews who take pride in wholeheartedly supporting the Israeli government .
But this view is n’t nearly as dominant as it once was , and research by Steven M. Cohen of Hebrew Union College helps show why .
Cohen found that younger Jewish professional and religious leaders tend to be less likely to see Israel as threatened by its neighbors , and therefore less worried about Israel ’s security .
The idea that being an American Jew does n’t necessitate lockstep support for Israel , and that Israel is strong enough to withstand criticism from the outside world , were on full display last week at Harvard ’s Hillel House , which hosted a talk by J Street ’s head , Jeremy Ben - Ami .
In an interview before the event , Ben -Ami talked about the changing experience of being an American Jew .
“ If you ’ve had personal experience - if not you [ then ] at least your parents - with the destruction of your people , you ’re more likely to take it as a possibility that it could happen again , ’’ he said .
“ If you have grown up here in complete comfort and safety and no one you know in an immediate sense has been through that , I do think [ you ’re ] going to have a very fundamental [ly ] different view , a different take , on how you view the Iran threat . ’’
This different , less fearful view of things came through clearly in some of the young members of the audience .
For instance , when asked about the prospect of Iran destroying Israel , Harvard Divinity School student Kenan Jaffe , 26 , said he thought it was “ unlikely . ’’
“ I also do n’t think it ’s directly related to the Palestinian question , ’’ he said , “ and it is only to the extent that if Israel comes to a final status solution with the Palestinians , Iran will have nothing to say about Israel and no reason to make threats against it . ’’
This is a far cry from the notion of a bloodthirsty , implacable Iran fueled only by hatred for Israel - a story we hear quite often from groups like the American Israel Public Affairs Committee .
And while most members of the audience probably were n’t as sanguine about Iran as Jaffe , fear of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was n’t , for the most part , what had brought them to Cambridge on a rainy February evening .
Rather , they were worried about the grim prospects that face Israel if it ca n’t make peace with the Palestinians .
Given the region ’s demographic patterns , absent a two - state solution , Israel will soon have to choose between being a Jewish state and a democratic one .
While J Street does strongly oppose the possibility of Iran getting nuclear weapons , the demographic crisis , not an attack from Iran , is the greatest threat facing Israel , said Ben - Ami .
He ’s not alone in thinking so , if the popularity and early clout of his organization , which is just two years old , is any indication .
And regardless of one ’s political affiliation , this shift is going to have huge ramifications for the future of US - Israeli relations .
If Israel wants to continue turning its back on those who criticize it , it may soon find itself with little to say to an increasingly large , vocal segment of American Jews .
Jesse Singal , a frequent contributor to the Globe opinion pages , can be reached at jsingal@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
‘ The Secret of Kells ’ ’ was the wild card in the recent Oscar animation race — the little Irish movie no one had heard of , let alone seen .
Call it luck or a brilliant promotional strategy , but the movie opens at the Kendall today with local animaniacs primed to happily pounce .
As well they should , for “ Kells ’ ’ is a visually overwhelming labor of love , a hand - drawn medieval adventure tale that seeks and finds cosmic connections .
Yes , you can still bring the kids .
The hero of “ Kells ’ ’ is Brendan ( voiced by Evan Maguire ) , a young boy who has been apprenticed to his forbidding uncle , the Abbott of Kells ( Brendan Gleeson ) , and ordered never to leave the monastery .
There are enough dangers out there — wolves , eldritch Celtic gods , rampaging Vikings — that the Abbott is obsessively building high walls to protect the monks and the illuminated manuscripts upon which they labor .
There ’s a real Book of Kells — a 9th - century version of the New Testament renowned for its brilliant ornamentation , it ’s considered Ireland ’s national treasure — but it probably was n’t created this way .
The monks in “ The Secret of Kells ’ ’ are a consciously international lot and drawn by Tomm Moore with geometric glee : a big , domelike African , a toadstool - size Asian , a spherical Italian .
The Abbott is a rectangular figure of authority , all corners , no curves .
Brendan , blessedly , is a kid , although the lines of medieval il lustration lift his face into a smile .
The appearance of Brother Aidan ( Mick Lally ) , a puckish renegade fleeing the invaders , kicks the plot into gear .
He encourages Brendan ’s reckless artistic side and sends the boy out to the forest to gather materials for ink .
There the movie lifts off into a Celtic eco- pantheism not far in feel from the work of Hayao Miyazaki ( “ Spirited Away , ’’ “ Ponyo ’’ ) .
Brendan befriends Aisling ( Christen Mooney ) , a forest wild girl with mysterious connections to the animals , plants , and Druidic forces .
On the plot level , then , “ The Secret of Kells ’ ’ is a kiddie adventure with twists and turns recognizable to fans of anime and the more adventurous US animation .
On the visual level , the film is on a higher plane entirely .
Moore roots “ Kells ’ ’ in the limited perspectives of medieval art — often to delightful effect — but the film keeps bursting into repeated patterns and motifs that dazzle the eye and that , by the climax , are consciously fractal , a vision of worlds within worlds within worlds .
The movie belongs in the recent vanguard of arthouse animation along with Michel Ocelot ’s “ Azur and Asmar ’ ’ and Nina Paley ’s “ Sita Sings the Blues ’ ’ — astonishing ( and primarily hand - drawn ) works that push the envelope of what the medium can do .
The climactic sequence in which the Vikings finally attack might scare small fry if it were n’t so surreally , almost mathematically beautiful .
Admittedly , there has to be a bit of bait - and - switch in any story about the creation of an iconic Christian text that does n’t actually mention Jesus Christ ( even if the grown Brendan does look quite beatific by the film ’s final scenes ) .
“ The Secret of Kells ’’ uses early Christian theology to access a wider , more universal sense of wonder — it ’s a movie in which even the molecules feel illuminated .
Ty Burr can be reached at tburr@globe.com .
For more on movies , go to www.boston.com/movienation.
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Government Report ( Year ) Excerpts from Reports ’ Conclusions Full Text of Conclusion
Congressional Research Service ( 2010 )
“ Summary :
The issue before Congress is whether to continue the federal prosecution of medical marijuana patients and their providers , in accordance with the federal Controlled Substances Act ( CSA ) , or whether to relax federal marijuana prohibition enough to permit the medicinal use of botanical cannabis products when recommended by a physician , especially where permitted under state law .
Two bills that have been introduced in recent Congresses are expected to be reintroduced in the 110th Congress : The States ’ Rights to Medical Marijuana
Act would move marijuana from Schedule I to Schedule II of the Controlled Substances
Act and make it available under federal law for medical use in the states with medical marijuana programs , and the Steve McWilliams Truth in Trials
Act would make it possible for defendants in federal court to reveal to juries that their marijuana activity was medically related and legal under state law .
Twelve states , mostly in the West , have enacted laws allowing the use of marijuana for medical purposes , and many thousands of patients are seeking relief from a variety of serious illnesses by smoking marijuana or using other herbal cannabis preparations .
Meanwhile , the federal Drug Enforcement Administration refuses to recognize these state laws and continues to investigate and arrest , under federal statute , medical marijuana providers and users in those states and elsewhere . ”
[ Editor ’s Note :
This report referenced Medical Marijuana ProCon.org four times , including one blurb stating : “ ProCon.org , a nonprofit and nonpartisan publication education foundation , has identified 21 national public opinion polls that asked questions about medical marijuana from 1995 to the present .
Respondents in every poll were in favor of medical marijuana by substantial margins , ranging from 60 % to 80 % . ” ]
PDF 515 KB
Institute of Medicine ( 1999 ) “ Conclusion : Scientific data indicate the potential therapeutic value of cannabinoid drugs , primarily THC , for pain relief , control of nausea and vomiting , and appetite stimulation ; smoked marijuana , however , is a crude THC delivery system that also delivers harmful substances .
Recommendation : Clinical trials of cannabinoid drugs for symptom management should be conducted with the goal of developing rapid - onset , reliable , and safe delivery systems .
Recommendation : Clinical trials of marijuana use for medical purposes should be conducted under the following limited circumstances : trials should involve only short - term marijuana use ( less than six months ) , should be conducted in patients with conditions for which there is reasonable expectation of efficacy , should be approved by institutional review boards , and should collect data about efficacy .
Recommendation : Short - term use of smoked marijuana ( less than six months ) for patients with debilitating symptoms ( such as intractable pain or vomiting ) must meet the following conditions : failure of all approved medications to provide relief has been documented , the symptoms can reasonably be expected to be relieved by rapid - onset cannabinoid drugs , such treatment is administered under medical supervision in a manner that allows for assessment of treatment effectiveness , and involves an oversight strategy comparable to an institutional review board process that could provide guidance within 24 hours of a submission by a physician to provide marijuana to a patient for a specified use . ”
PDF 165 KB
National Commission on Marihuana and Drug Abuse ( 1972 ) “ [ S ] ociety should seek to discourage use , while concentrating its attention on the prevention and treatment of heavy and very heavy use .
The Commission feels that the criminalization of possession of marihuana for personal use is socially self - defeating as a means of achieving this objective .
We have attempted to balance individual freedom on one hand and the obligation of the state to consider the wider social good on the other .
We believe our recommended scheme will permit society to exercise its control and influence in ways most useful and efficient , meanwhile reserving to the individual American his sense of privacy , his sense of individuality , and , within the context of all interacting and interdependent society , his options to select his own life style , values , goals and opportunities .
The Commission sincerely hopes that the tone of cautious restraint sounded in this Report will be perpetuated in the debate which will follow it .
For those who feel we have not proceeded far enough , we are reminded of Thomas Jefferson ’s advice to George Washington that ‘ Delay is preferable to error . ’
For those who argue we have gone too far , we note Roscoe Pound ’s statement , ‘ The law must be stable , but it must not stand still . ’
We have carefully analyzed the interrelationship between marihuana the drug , marihuana use as a behavior , and marihuana as a social problem .
Recognizing the extensive degree of misinformation about marihuana as a drug , we have tried to demythologize it .
Viewing the use of marihuana in its wider social context , we have tried to desymbolize it .
Considering the range of social concerns in contemporary America , marihuana does not , in our considered judgment , rank very high .
We would deemphasize marihuana as a problem .
The existing social and legal policy is out of proportion to the individual and social harm engendered by the use of the drug .
To replace it , we have attempted to design a suitable social policy , which we believe is fair , cautious and attuned to the social realities of our time . ”
HTML Version PDF 80 KB
If we as software developers want to both build great products and have fun doing so , we must be able to focus on the task at hand .
Thus , our code should always compile .
Our unit tests should always pass .
We should n't have to battle a ton of misleading warnings and errors as our code is executed .
In short , we must hold ourselves and our teammates to a high standard .
Why is all of that important ?
It 's because writing software , and doing a good job of it , is hard .
It 's difficult enough just to implement a single new feature ; it becomes a truly monumental task when , in addition to implementing the new feature , you have to figure out why the code no longer compiles , the database scripts error out , and why this one unit test , written 2 years ago , causes the build server to spit out a bunch of logs in Afrikaans and then burst into flames .
Everything besides that feature is a distraction that will keep you from doing a great job on the task at hand while frustrating the lederhosen off of you .
I do n't think any of that was a shocker to anyone .
( If it was , you have my sympathy . )
What 's interesting to me is that this idea of keeping all of your working materials in line all of the time actually applies to a lot of different professions .
Check out this great example , from a seriously delightful book :
" As a cook , your station , and its condition , its state of readiness , is an extension of your nervous system - and it is profoundly upsetting if another cook or , God forbid , a waiter disturbs your precisely and carefully laid - out system .
The universe is in order when your station is set up the way you like it : you know where to find everything with your eyes closed , everything you need during the course of the shift is at the ready at arm 's reach , your defenses are deployed .
If you let your mise - en - place run down , get dirty and disorganized , you 'll quickly find yourself spinning in place and calling for backup .
I worked with a chef who used to step behind the line to a dirty cook 's station in the middle of the rush to explain why the offending cook was falling behind .
He 'd press his palm down on the cutting board , which was littered with peppercorns , spattered sauce , bits of parsley , bread crumbs and the usual flotsam and jetsam that accumulates quickly on a station if not constantly wiped down with a moist side towel .
" You see this ? " he 'd inquire , raising his palm so that the cook could see the bits of dirt and scraps sticking to his chef 's palm .
" That 's what the inside of your head looks like now .
Work clean ! " - Anthony Bourdain , Kitchen Confidential
The great thing here is that working cleanly is just accepted in the world of cooking .
You can Google for hours and I 'm confident that you 'd never find a thousand post thread on the culinary equivalent of StackOverflow , asking , " Should I keep my mise - en - place clean ?
What if I clean it right before I need something ?
What if I just move to a new kitchen for each meal ? "
They get it , just like we need to get it .
( And since I 'm quoting Anthony Bourdain here , I feel like he is now obligated to come to my house and make me a grilled cheese sandwich . )
I get tempted , once a month or so , to just hack something together and check it in .
I know this is happening when I say a line that 's as evil as non-dairy creamer : " I do n't have time to do it right ! "
When I do check this code in , almost inevitably , something will come up shortly thereafter .
A feature , quite possibly something I did n't even touch , is n't working right .
I start investigating and I see , " Oh , it 's this function . "
I dig a little deeper , " Oh wait , it 's the crappy code I did last week . "
I go further still , " Hang on , maybe it 's not this crappy code .
Or maybe it is that crappy code , and I just happened to break a whole lot of stuff without realizing it . "
It 's a painful lesson over and over again that there 's no such thing as a shortcut in the world of development .
During times like that , I wish someone would press their palm onto my spaghetti code and hold it up .
Then they could say , " You see this ?
That 's what the inside of your head looks like now ! "
They 'd be right .
WOW !
Nila Mason is a face I have n't seen in a while so I 'm happy to see that OMG Big Boobs has this bbw beauty posing for them .
She 's out on the balcony doing her thing and making me forget what I was going to say .
Insanely large boobs do that to me .
RIVERSIDE , CA — Internationally renowned entomologist Professor Stanley Weber , noted for his work on the pheromone - release cycles of invasive insect species in North American flora , called upon his colleagues to get it off , get it off , for Christ 's sake during an academic conference Saturday .
" Ahhhhh ! " said Weber , citing an urgent need to please get a net or a plastic cup or something to remove it , and pointing toward evidence that it 's about to go down his damn shirt and those creepy legs feel like little needles on his skin , Jesus fuck .
" Hurry up !
It 's in my hair ! "
A three - hour interruption of the conference followed , with scheduled events continuing only after an ad hoc panel of entomology experts concluded it was probably just a housefly .
Advertisement
1 of 2676
Rating : 4 stars I love these burgers .
Let me tell you how to keep them from falling apart , though .
First , you must rinse the black beans and dry them off before mashing them .
Second , you must strain the onion , garlic and pepper mixture through a fine strainer to remove any excess water .
Third , if you add 50 % more bread crumbs , it will hold much better .
Also , I freeze mine and grill them frozen .
Doing this has keep my burgers intact and my mouth happy !
Also , I always follow the spice / hot sauce measurments pretty well , and I do not find it too spicy at all , and I find black pepper to be spicy !
Hope this helps with the loose burger issue .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 6690 )
Rating : 5 stars Delicious and easy !
I substituted red bell pepper for green and used rolled oats instead of bread crumbs .
I reduced cumin to 1 tsp and used 2 eggs .
Following the advice of others , I blended everything in the food processor , beginning with onions , peppers , and garlic , then oats , then eggs and spices , beans last .
I chilled the mixture , then rolled ( more like poured -- think thick muffin batter ) onto waxed paper .
I froze the burgers .
To grill , I oiled some foil that I folded over burger .
Perfect !
My 13 yr old vegetarian daughter liked it better than store bought ( me too ! )
Thumb Up Helpful ( 2080 )
Rating : 5 stars
One of the best dishes I made this month !
You can substitute or add corn kernels to the burgers for more texture and flavor , but not necessary !
Tastes very healthy since I baked them in the oven - no oil !
This recipe made 4 good size patties .
We ate them all up and I immediately made another batch to have for lunches .
I made a chipotle mayo dressing which was exactly the touch it needed !
( Some mayo and a dash of ranch dressing in a blender with two or three canned chipotle peppers to taste .
GO EASY , they are extremely spicy . )
Thumb Up Helpful ( 1368 )
Rating : 4 stars
If you love black beans , you 'll love this recipe .
My recommendation however , is to use whole - wheat Ritz crackers , instead of breadcrumbs .
They add much more flavor .
Also , with any recipe , I would fry one small pattie in some oil first to make sure that it will be to your taste in terms of seasoning before you cook the whole mixture .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 728 )
Rating : 5 stars Okay , these are awesome .
I hate the price of the supermarket veggie burgers and these are even better !
I made the recipe exactly as directed and it was perfect .
I do n't have a food processor so I used my Pampered Chef chopper to finely mince the veggies .
Unlike other reviewers , I had no problem getting the mixture to stick together — this may have been because I squeezed the excess water from the onions and peppers before adding them ( I used pureed garlic ) .
They formed up beautifully and did n't stick at all to a sprayed pan in the oven .
I 'm thinking of making a double batch , baking it , and freezing them once these first four patties are gone .
They would be SO handy to have on hand for those nights you do n't want to cook .
I ate mine on the " Tasty Buns " recipe also found on this site .
This recipe makes a large patty , which is the perfect size for the largish buns .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 644 )
Rating : 3 stars
As written , this recipe is NOT 5 stars ( hence my 3 star rating ) .
I made this exactly as written and ended up with a veggie burger that was too wet to hold together in a patty and had an odd spice flavour ( too much cumin and not enough salt ) .
That being said , this recipe is a good base to add to - and that 's what most people hear are giving their 5 star rating to .
With the addition of : grated zucchini and carrot , salt , pepper , more breadcrumbs , and fresh parsley ( and the decrease of cumin ) , these burgers are very , very good .
This recipe is actually one that works well with just about any grain or legume added ( wild rice , lentils , quinoa , green onions ) so my recommendation is to think of the recipe as a base to build your own creation from .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 628 )
Rating : 5 stars Great recipe !
Two eggs is the way to go , no falling apart and not dry .
I used all ingredients but also used corn .
I advise that you make sure to add salt and pepper and the spices to the bean mixture before adding eggs so you can adjust as needed .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 547 )
Rating : 5 stars Mmmmm - so good we decided to freeze the rest of the batch for an easy , reheat meal during the week .
I doubled the recipe and added 1/ 2 cup cooked brown rice with the breadcrumb step to give the burgers a little more fill and structure .
This recipe had the meat eaters and vegetarians alike asking for seconds .
One tip : put a little olive oil on your hands when shaping the patties to prevent sticking .
( Also makes your cuticles nice and soft ! ) These are an instant classic with my frinds .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 383 )
In - depth JRuby Q&A : What Makes JRuby Tick in 2010 ?
By grantmichaels
JRuby is undoubtedly the most mature of the alternative Ruby implementations .
Supporting Ruby 1.8.7 and 1.9.1 ( mostly ! ) and JIT compilation , JRuby is already in use in mission critical Ruby apps and runs scarily fast on the JVM .
In this interview with JRuby core member , Charles Nutter , we dig deep into what makes JRuby tick .
A great deal of conversation on IRC , as well as quite a number of lengthly emails , were eventually corralled into the following Q/A session between Charles Nutter and myself .
JRuby and Rails are the ideal solution for building new enterprise web applications .
With JRuby 's ability to seamlessly integrate with anything Java , and Rails ' strong REST principles , these new applications will be 100 % WOA compliant themselves , and also may trivially extend WOA compliance to the underlying Java systems .
Rails makes it easy and inexpensive , and JRuby leverages the capacity , manageability and security of existing Java deployment farms .
— Tom Mornini ( @tmornini )
The JRuby guys are doing the hard , bone - crunching work of exposing a high - quality Ruby implementation to millions of new developers .
It 's not glamorous work , but the work they 've been doing has already changed the landscape of Ruby , and there 's much more work still to come .
— Yehuda Katz ( @wycats )
The JRuby / Charles Nutter Q&A
It 's frequently mentioned that the HotSpot JVM has 500 + man -years invested , and you 've mentioned not only how infrequently you experience faults within the JVM , but at once how quickly they are addressed by the Hotspot team .
How much of an advantage is it that you are n't also responsible for maintaining the VM ?
It is a tremendous advantage for anyone using an existing VM .
Many folks do n't realize how much effort is required to build a new VM from scratch .
You need a reliable optimizing compiler that not only makes code run fast , but does not change the execution results of users ' programs .
You need memory management and garbage collection systems that limit pauses , keep memory usage within reasonable levels , and do n't become performance problems for systems under load .
You need safe and reliable native interfaces that protect the integrity of VM internals .
If you can achieve those items , you may want real concurrent threading that does n't cause the runtime to crash in unrecoverable ways .
You may want tunable settings , like those added to REE to adjust garbage collection parameters .
You will almost certainly want debugging and profiling interfaces that do n't drastically impact performance .
You may want management interfaces that allow you to monitor and configure the system at runtime .
You may want security guarantees , so users can safely sandbox code and be certain it will remain within operating parameters .
And ideally , you want experts working on all these subsystems .
That 's exactly what you get with the JVM .
And it goes even farther than that .
There 's not just one JVM , there 's at least three in widespread use : Sun 's Hotspot , the VM behind OpenJDK ; Oracle 's JRockit ; and IBM's J9 .
Each one has whole * teams * of developers working on those subsystems .
And each company has competed for years to make their JVM better than the others .
There are JVMs for every platform in use ; we 've gotten bug reports from users on exotic systems like Z/ OS and OpenVMS .
There are VMs that run on the smallest embedded devices and on the largest many - core systems you can imagine ( see Azul 's JVM and hardware , running on hundreds of cores with hundreds of GB of memory ) .
There have been JVMs on mobile phones for almost a decade .
Every Blu - Ray player runs a JVM .
There are JVMs literally everywhere .
It 's impossible to measure how much effort we 've saved by building atop the JVM ... but it 's a tremendous amount .
Garbage collection in MRI Ruby has been singled out as a significant performance issue .
HotSpot has been said to have a sophisticated and excellent garbage collection strategy .
How important is garbage collection for all Ruby implementations ?
How important is it for JRuby specifically ?
Ruby is an extremely GC - intensive language .
Much of the performance improvement in the upcoming Rails 3 comes from reducing object churn and therefore reducing the amount of GC necessary .
Another example of this is the success of REE , in large part due to performance - improving patches to the MRI garbage collector .
There are many such examples , and as a result , you simply can't have a high - performance Ruby without a high - performance GC .
In JRuby 's case , we can leverage the years of effort that have gone into the JVM GCs .
On Hotspot , the JVM we generally test against , you have not one but as many as 5 different garbage collectors to choose from .
There are collectors that optimize straight - line allocation and GC performance ( like Hotspot 's " throughput collector " ) .
There are collectors that spread collection across cores to reduce pauses ( the " parallel collector " ) .
There are collectors that run nearly pauseless , running some collection phases concurrently with your application 's code ( the " concurrent collector " ) .
There are collectors that focus on aggressively localizing objects of similar ages so they can be collected in groups ( the G1 " garbage first " collector ) .
These collectors can often be mixed and matched depending on how your application behaves ( or how you need it to behave ) .
And they all can be almost infinitely tuned and monitored .
JRuby 's performance on numeric benchmarks serves as another example of how well JVMs manage memory ...
One feature the JVM does not yet have is " fixnums " .
Fixnums , in the VM world , are the ability to treat certain numeric values as though they were objects , without them actually being objects .
Usually , this is achieved by dedicating a range of memory addresses as " tagged integers " , so that by masking off a few bits , you get the actual numeric value .
This could , for example , reduce the cost of " boxing " integer values in java.lang .
Integer objects to almost zero , allowing them to behave like objects but take up no memory on the heap and require no special attention from the garbage collector .
All the MRI - based implementations use " true fixnums " , as do several of the alternative implementations .
JRuby does not , since the JVM does not support fixnums yet .
As a result , we have to actually allocate a fixnum object for almost every math operation or for each iteration of a numeric loop .
Those objects take up heap memory and eventually have to be collected .
We 've always accepted that we 'd eventually be surpassed on numeric performance , since fixnums have a much higher cost for us .
But even though some of the newer fixnum - supporting implementations have better numeric performance than JRuby , we 're still able to come very close -- even with all that fixnum object churn .
Our numeric performance rarely impacts typical applications , and that 's a testament to the performance of the JVM 's memory subsystem .
( FWIW , there are several other JVM languages crying for " true fixnums " , and I 'd be very surprised if we did n't see an implementation within the next year . )
It 's a very different sensation to develop with JRuby with regards to start - up time .
How are people minimizing this impact in production today , and what might be done to improves this micro-benchmark in the future ?
Start - up time is one of those areas JVM engineers have unfortunately neglected until recently .
JVM engineering has , for most of its lifetime , focused on the performance of long - running applications .
Indeed , the best performance of JRuby ( and other JVM languages ) comes after not just slow startup but after a substantial warm - up period .
This works great for server - side applications , but client - side use -- whether for test - driven development , command - line tooling , or quick scripting -- can sometimes be painful to deal with .
There 's also a culture clash here .
Basically all JVM - based developers do their development inside an IDE , which often can run tests in the same JVM process from run to run .
And JVM engineers have only recently started focusing efforts on startup performance ( like the work Apple did with Java 1.5 , which was built upon Hotspot ) .
But things are improving .
JVMs that used to take ten or more seconds to start up may now take well under a second .
That was unheard of 5 years ago .
Additional work going into OpenJDK 7 and OpenJDK 6 updates promise to improve this further , and future research may even help reduce the warmup time required for maximum performance .
Projects like JRuby have helped drive this work forward .
And we also understand the pain that slow startup can cause users .
With each release we spend some time looking for ways to improve JRuby 's startup .
Indeed , we even use slower JVM settings by default because we want the user experience to be better ( specifically , we try to force Hotspot - based JVMs to use the faster - starting but less - optimized " client " VM , with switches to turn on the optimizing " server " VM ) .
With JRuby 1.3 , we started shipping support for " Nailgun " , a persistent background JVM you toss commands at ( in order to reduce the spin - up and warm - up time for quick commands ) .
There 's more work to do , but we feel users ' pain , and try to address it better with each release .
Macs ship with a JVM , it 's readily available for Linux distributions via packages , and a number of Windows machine vendors have it pre-installed nowadays .
Despite that , a number of Rubyists somewhat disregard JRuby for having any relationship whatsoever to Java .
Are they throwing the baby out with the bathwater ?
They certainly are , but we also accept that JRuby is n't for everyone .
Maybe the startup time is a show - stopper .
Maybe it 's JRuby 's less - than - perfect support for exact POSIX IO and subprocess behavior .
Maybe it 's the lack of support for C extensions .
There are certainly reasons why JRuby would n't be the best choice for certain problem domains .
But there 's also tremendous potential for JRuby to bring Ruby to problem domains , organizations , and platforms that it might never have been able to reach .
JRuby opens up a huge world of opportunity for Rubyists and brings Ruby to the huge world of JVM - based developers .
It 's such a beautiful match that I spent 20 - 30 hours per week on JRuby for almost a year before being hired by Sun ... all in my spare time , because I was so excited about the possibilities .
What really depresses me is that many of the folks dismissing JRuby are exactly the folks who could help us make Ruby a better option for developers on the JVM .
We need Rubyists skilled in building DSLs , skilled in designing libraries , skilled in integrating systems .
We need day - to - day Rubyists to show Java developers how much better things could be for them .
We need the amazing Ruby community to help us bring Ruby to a much larger world .
There 's no time for platform bigotry ... we all want the same thing : Ruby everywhere !
What can you tell the common Rubyist about application platform layers like the ones provided by Torquebox and Glassfish ?
Both Torquebox ( JBoss 's set of excellent Ruby wrappers around key server - side Java APIs and tools for deploying JRuby on Rails applications ) and GlassFish ( Sun Microsystem 's modular Java - based server , with lightweight " embedded " JRuby deployment support and a few similar API wrappers ) are examples of how the best parts of the Java / JVM ecosystem can be repurposed ( and improved ) using a little Ruby knowhow .
In both cases , you get simple , one - shot deployment ( of multiple applications , I might add ) , along with well - designed service APIs and management tooling .
We would love to see the " Torquebox approach " or the " Glass Fish way " applied to other popular Java APIs for persistence , networking , web services , and more .
We 'll try to tackle some of the key libraries ourselves , but again we need help from the Ruby community .
And in return we 'll promise to faithfully support Rubyists and to continue improving JRuby .
Github used JRuby to allow for code obfuscation and I 'm assuming to best integrate with the kinds of customers who would pay for it .
Do you see this type of decision making driving JRuby adoption as Ruby becomes more commonplace in the enterprise ?
As long as there 's demand for Ruby , there will be demand for features unique to JRuby like easy deployment on Java services and compiled " obfuscation " like the Github folks needed .
And these are only the beginning .
JRuby can make it possible to write Ruby - based Android applications .
JRuby can produce fully - compiled desktop applications in a single executable file that runs wherever there 's a standard JVM .
JRuby can integrate easily with other JVM languages and access the vast world of JVM libraries .
And it can do all this while still being true to Ruby .
All we have ever wanted is for JRuby to be a powerful , useful tool for JVM users and Ruby fans alike .
And anyone who has talked to us knows we put the needs of our users first .
Why not become a JRuby user today ?
Gartner Inc. predicts that Android will make up 14 % of the smartphone market in the year 2012 , second only to the Symbian OS that powers some popular Nokia phones .
What can you tell us about working with Android via JRuby ?
It 's still early days for " Ruboto " ( JRuby on Android ) , but there 's a lot of potential .
I 've been hearing from a few people every week interested in using Ruby as their Android language of choice , so the demand is certainly there .
And with the Android 1.6 and 2.0 updates , JRuby appears to work fully on Android without any modifications .
For an early example of what 's possible , check out my ruboto - irb project on Github ( link ) , which is basically an interactive Ruby session that runs directly on the device .
You can do everything you would normally do with Ruby in IRB , plus construct and call Android core classes .
It 's great fun , and with a bit more work I could see JRuby being ready for production use on Android .
Recently I 've noticed some dialogue with regard to JRuby and Maven .
I 've seen references to Maven v3 , and also to " Polyglot Maven . "
Can you shed some light on the implications of this new interoperability for the everyday JRubyist ?
There are two projects for JRuby and Maven integration .
The first is a prototype Maven server that looks and feels like a RubyGems source .
By setting this server as a source ( or passing it to the gem command ) , any Java library in the world is installable as a gem .
Let me repeat that : ANY Java library in the world , installable as a gem .
This means you can also use Maven artifacts as dependencies in regular Ruby gems , and it additionally means we wo n't have to re-release jar files into their own duplicate gems on the standard repositories .
It 's very exciting , and we hope to have it ready for JRuby 1.5 .
The second project is part of the official " Polyglot Maven " work started by Jason van Zyl and the Sonatype folks .
That project intends to provide standard DSLs for popular JVM languages , allowing you to use those languages in place of the XML - based POM files so many people hate .
In addition , those DSLs would have access to Maven 's workflow and data model classes , providing fully - scriptable Maven builds without a lot of the noise of a typical Maven project .
This work is still in early days for JRuby ; I 've only committed a couple prototype scripts to the repository .
We would love to have help here , since we 're not really Maven experts .
Generic Q/
A
There are ~ 150 native extension gems for Ruby , some of which are prolific and often depended upon by other gems .
Does your Ruby implementation support FFI ( foreign function interface ) at present , and / or how much of a priority is running native extension gems going forward ?
I believe that native extensions are the # 1 thing holding the standard Ruby implementation ( MRI ) back .
If you look at archives of the Ruby mailing lists going back for years , maintaining extension compatibility has always come at the expense of improving MRI .
You want a better GC that 's generational and compacting ?
Sorry , that would n't be compatible with current extensions without a big performance hit .
How about real concurrent threads ?
Nope , without adding fine - grained locks or safepoints around all extension calls , you 're sure to segfault somewhere .
JRuby does support FFI , and has for well over a year now .
In fact , Wayne Meissner of the JRuby team is largely responsible for FFI being a viable alternative to C extensions , since he implemented the FFI gem for MRI and has been working closely with the FFI community ever since .
We believe FFI , or mechanisms like it , are the best way to call C libraries from Ruby , regardless of the implementation , and we encourage people to use FFI if there 's a native library they simply must use .
As far as real native extension support ... anything 's possible , but we have no plans to support MRI 's C API in JRuby .
The API is unfortunately very invasive , giving direct memory access to object internals in many places .
In order to support this on JRuby , we would need to copy lots of data back and forth on every call , not to mention locking down extension calls per- thread completely to ensure they were n't stepping on each others ' data .
It might be possible to get a limited subset of the MRI extension API implemented for JRuby , but existing extensions would require some rework and performance would probably end up worse than FFI due to the amount of copying and locking required .
In general , the only 100 % answer for JRuby is to port extensions to a JVM language or wrap existing JVM libraries ( and there are literally tens of thousands of libraries available ) .
FFI provides a good stopgap or bandaid for the problem , but it still requires us to load a native library which many deployment environments will disallow .
Only pure - " Java " libraries ( where by " Java " I mean " some JVM language " ) will have the best possible chance of running on all target systems .
Passing RubySpec tests is fundamentally important .
Has this compliance lowered the theoretical performance ceiling of your implementation considerably ?
Ruby is a difficult language to implement .
JRuby is arguably the only production - quality alternative Ruby , and that quality has come after literally dozens of man-years of work .
We 've also managed to achieve production - level compatibility while turning JRuby into one of the best - performing implementations , so we have a solid understanding of the challenges involved .
There 's no doubt about it : Ruby has lots of features that make optimization really hard .
Being able to use a block as the binding to an " eval " call forces us to keep all of the block 's surrounding state , even if the block itself does n't need it .
Backref and lastline references ( $ ~ and $ _ variables ) require a called method to be able to modify the caller 's context , even if the method itself never accesses those values .
The ability to replace methods on core classes - even super - important ones like Fixnum# + - means we have to always check for those modifications .
Even simple things like " eval " and " send " force us to deoptimize more code than we 'd like .
We have managed to work around many of these challenges , just like some of the other Ruby implementations , but many of them remain .
In almost every case , we 've tried first to get solid compatibility , optimizing later as much as we can .
We plan to revisit those performance challenges in the future , learning from other dynamic language runtimes and other Ruby implementations about new ways to optimized .
But right now we 're pretty happy with JRuby 's performance , which puts us at least on par with Ruby 1.9 for almost everything ( and faster for many things ) .
Closures , continuations , and tail - call optimizations are often discussed in terms of programming language VM's .
Which of these attributes are implementable at present , which are expected to be implemented , and which are not possible by design ?
Closures are probably the easiest one .
If you can save some local context and pass it around with a function reference , you 've got closures .
There 's plenty of details , like making non-local flow control work ( break or return inside a block ) , but in general they 're not difficult to support .
Continuations and tail - calls unfortunately both require VM - level support to do well .
JRuby does not support Ruby 's continuations because the JVM does not ( yet ) support continuations .
In order for us to implement continuations atop the JVM , we would have to forgo standard Java method dispatch for all of JRuby , since any calls that would deepen the stack would make saving a continuation impossible .
The performance impact of this would be tremendous : the JVM gets its performance because it's able to optimize normal chains of calls ; by trampolining in and out of methods at the same stack depth , practically none of the standard optimizations would fire .
We actually did try a " stackless " implementation in 2005 , and I demoed it at RubyConf that year .
It could calculate a recursive fib ( 1_000_000 ) , but it ran so incredibly slow ( orders of magnitude slower than what we have right now ) that it simply was n't feasible .
For tail calls , VM support is necessary to do a 100 % job , but you * can * fake some recursive tail - call optimization by branching back to the top of a method body .
We have not implemented any " tricky " tail - call optimization yet , but it 's a possibility for future versions of JRuby .
And in both cases , there 's some interesting work on the horizon .
Both tail calls ( " true " tail calls ) and continuations are being developed against the Multi-Language VM subproject of OpenJDK , and both actually have working patches right now .
There 's a good chance that a future version of the JVM will have support for true tail calls , and a slim chance that delimited continuations ( coroutines ) might arrive as well .
That 's part of the beauty of JRuby : there 's dozens or hundreds of JVM engineers out there working to make it faster , working to add features , and competing with each other .
JRuby users directly benefit from all that work .
How integral is dynamic feedback - based optimization to reaching a high level of performance ?
Do you feel it will be possible to maintain acceptable speed into the future without embracing these strategies or are there less well - known alternatives which are potentially more effective ?
Because we run on the JVM , we already benefit from a tremendous amount of runtime optimization .
JRuby 's core classes ( Hash , Array , etc ) are perhaps the fastest implementations of any Ruby , largely because they 're all written in Java and benefit from the very best JVM optimizations available .
At the end of the day , the vast amount of Ruby execution is in the core class implementations , so they really need to be as fast as possible , and Java is our " C " for doing that .
We also benefit from feedback - based optimization when running Ruby code , though we still have a lot of opportunity here .
Currently , JRuby 's Ruby compiler is fairly " dumb " : it does n't use runtime profiling * at all * and only does a few limited static optimizations .
Now of course the JVM is able to pick up a lot of slack , using its own runtime profiling to make our " dumb " generated code run really well .
But because we recognize that we need to help the JVM out a bit more , we do have plans to introduce more runtime feedback into our Just - In - Time compiler subsystem .
Expect to see more work on JRuby performance in 2010 .
There 's also a Java 7 feature we 've started to play with : fast dynamic invocation .
JSR - 292 , the " invokedynamic " JSR , is adding a new bytecode called " invokedynamic " to the JVM .
The invokedynamic bytecode allows us to wire up ( for example ) Ruby method invocation directly into the JVM 's call protocols .
As a result , the JVM can do all its usual inlining and optimization even across Ruby calls .
Early results have been promising ... even without a lot of optimization , the current invokedynamic implementation is 20 - 30 % faster than our old call protocols .
We 've been working closely with Hotspot engineers throughout their development , and we 're really looking forward to seeing how well JRuby runs on invokedynamic in the coming months .
Which of 1.8.7 and 1.9.x is your implementation compatible with ?
JRuby 1.4 made the move to Ruby 1.8.7 compatibility , because we felt that 1.8.7 has become established enough ( and because we were tired of getting bug reports about 1.8.7 features being missing ) .
We also have done a lot of work on supporting Ruby 1.9 , though that 's still a bit of a moving target .
We 're hoping that in the first half of 2010 we 'll be able to reach feature - parity with the upcoming Ruby 1.9.2 .
We 'll definitely need help from the community .
Do you think further acceptance of Ruby is driven equally by spending man-hours working on performance and by meeting an international body ’s specification ?
I think performance is somewhat of a red herring , and as I mentioned before it can be a tremendous resource sink .
We will , just like the other implementations , continue incrementally improving performance .
But given JRuby 's unique features , our current level of performance is good enough for us to focus on other areas for a while .
We wo n't ignore performance , and we do n't want to fall behind in the endless performance wars , but we have to balance features , compatibility , and stability at the same time .
As far as specification goes ...
I think it 's only useful for entities that require specifications .
If it 's true that many organizations worldwide will refuse to adopt Ruby due to a lack of a specification , then time spent preparing such a specification is probably worthwhile .
Since there 's already such an effort , I sincerely hope it will help increase Ruby adoption .
What are your team 's goals for the next quarter , the next year ?
The number one goal for me is Java integration .
Java integration means many things : ability to generate * real * Java classes for Ruby classes , both at runtime and ahead - of - time
fast - as - possible Ruby - to - Java invocation
ecosystem integration , like our recent work to make all Maven artifacts in the world transparently installable as gems
platform integration , like making Rails work naturally as a Java - land web framework , and making Java - land frameworks like Hibernate fit naturally into Rails I also want to return to performance work , most likely by continuing the work that Subbu Sastry has already begun on JRuby 's new optimizing compiler .
The potential here is to do a large amount of optimization before feeding bytecode to the JVM , allowing us to approach the performance of statically - typed languages over the same code .
We want to make Ruby run as well as possible on the JVM , and I think the new compiler work will be a big part of that .
Besides any obvious platform niche , why might someone benefit from electing to use your Ruby Implementation ?
Well , we 've got several years of production users under our belt !
The value of having real users for several years can't be understated , and we learned very quickly that getting a 1.0 release out is just the beginning .
JRuby Installation
If you 've still not given JRuby a proper try , you can learn more at the official JRuby site or if you 're using the RVM ( Ruby Version Manager ) you can be up and running on the latest main build ( 1.4.0 ) with :
rvm install jruby
Recent Confreaks Presentations
You can watch the full keynote " JRuby State of the Union " by Charles Nutter and Tom Enebo here at Confreaks ' site or you can go directly to the video ( MPEG 4 ) file here .
Conclusion
During their respective funding periods , Sun and Engine Yard have both had a strong commitment to JRuby .
For Ruby to thrive , it ultimately needs to be deployed in numbers that achieve a lasting critical mass .
There is a reportedly massive amount of existing infrastructure based on the JVM , which makes JRuby a noteworthy stepping stone to many interesting destinations , and based on what we 've discussed here , why would anyone obstinately ignore JRuby any longer ?
Science & Exploration Bully galaxy rules the neighbourhood
04/03/2010 945 views 2 likes
In general , galaxies can be thought of as sociable , hanging out in groups and frequently interacting .
However , this recent NASA / ESA Hubble Space Telescope image highlights how some galaxies appear to be hungry loners .
These cosmic oddities have set astronomers onto ‘ the case of the missing neighbouring galaxies ’ .
Located half a billion light - years from Earth , ESO 306 - 17 is a large , bright elliptical galaxy in the southern sky of a type known as a fossil group .
Astronomers use this term to emphasise the isolated nature of these galaxies .
However , are they like fossils – the last remnants of a once - active community – or is it more sinister than that ?
Did ESO 306 - 17 gobble up its next - door neighbours ?
Gravity brings galaxies together and bigger ones swallow smaller ones .
There is evidence that our own Milky Way galaxy has ‘ snacked ’ on numerous smaller galaxies that strayed too close .
ESO 306-17 and other fossil groups may be the most extreme examples of galaxy cannibalism , ravenous systems that do n't stop until they 've devoured all of their neighbours .
The Hubble Space Telescope
In this image , taken by Hubble ’s Advanced Camera for Surveys , it appears that ESO 306 - 17 is surrounded by other galaxies , but the bright galaxies at bottom left are probably in the foreground , not at the same distance in the sky .
In reality , ESO 306 - 17 lies fairly abandoned in an enormous sea of hot gas according to studies conducted by both ESA 's XMM - Newton mission and NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory .
It is also thought to be surrounded by an even larger amount of mysterious dark matter , although no one has directly detected this yet .
When zooming in closely on ESO 306 - 17 , faint clusters of stars can be seen through the bright shine of the galaxy 's large halo .
These are globular clusters : tightly bound groups of stars that can often fend off cannibalism from larger , bullying galaxies .
Studying these surrounding clusters will prove helpful to astronomers in their pursuit to put the pieces of ESO 306 - 17's history together .
Researchers are also using this image to search for nearby ultra -compact dwarf galaxies .
These are mini versions of dwarf galaxies that have been left with only their core after interaction with larger , more powerful galaxies .
Most ultra -compact dwarfs discovered to date are near giant elliptical galaxies in large clusters of galaxies , so it will be interesting to see if researchers find similar objects in fossil groups .
Notes for editors : The Hubble Space Telescope is a project of international cooperation between ESA and NASA .
Contacts : Michael West
European Southern Observatory ( ESO ) , Chile
Tel : +56 2 463 3254
Email : mwest @ eso.org Colleen Sharkey
Hubble / ESA , Garching , Germany
Tel : +49 89 3200 6306
Cell : +49 151 153 73591
Email : csharkey @ eso.org
Reports indicate that a series of 12 flybys by Europe 's Mars Express spacecraft might reveal the deepest secrets of the Martian moon Phobos .
According to a report in New Scientist , the flights will probe the moon 's gravity better than ever before , revealing the distribution of material throughout its body .
The MARSIS radar will also search for underground structures in the rubbly moon , which is probably riddled with caverns .
The gravity data will help Russia 's Phobos - Grunt mission , set to launch in 2011 or 2012 , maneuver efficiently around the moon before coming in for a landing .
New portraits of Phobos are also on the way .
" Until now , the encounters have been on the ( moon 's ) nightside , " said ESA 's project scientist Olivier Witasse .
" This week , we switch to flying by the daylight side , allowing the camera and spectrometers to begin working , " he added .
That will give the moon 's composition , testing the idea that Phobos formed from rocks that somehow found themselves orbiting the planet .
Unfortunately , a 90 - metre - high rocky outcrop called the ' monolith ' is not visible to Mars Express during this series of flybys .
The monolith could be a piece of Phobos 's interior thrown to the surface during the formation of a crater .
Intelligent machines that not only think for themselves but also actively learn are the vision of researchers of the Institute for Theoretical Science ( IGI ) at Graz University of Technology .
They have been co-ordinating the European Union research project " Brain - i - Nets " ( Novel Brain Inspired Learning Paradigms for Large - Scale Neuronal Networks ) for three years , and are launching a three - day meeting of the participating researchers in Graz .
The scientists want to design a new generation of neuro - computers based on the principles of calculation and learning mechanisms found in the brain , and at the same time gain new knowledge about the brain 's learning mechanisms .
The human brain consists of a network of several billion nerve cells .
These are joined together by independent connections called synapses .
Synapses are changing all the time -- something scientists name synaptic plasticity .
This highly complex system represents a basis for independent thinking and learning .
But even today there are still many open questions for researchers .
" In contrast to today 's computers , the brain does n't carry out a set programme but rather is always adapting functions and reprogramming them anew .
Many of these effects have not been explained , " comments IGI head Wolfgang Maass together with project co-ordinator Robert Legenstein .
In co-operation with neuroscientists and physicists , and with the help of new experimental methods , they want to research the mechanisms of synaptic plasticity in the organism .
Revolutionising the information society
The researchers are hoping to gain new knowledge from this research about the learning mechanisms in the human brain .
They want to use this knowledge of learning mechanisms to develop new learning methods for artificial systems which process information .
The scientists ' long - term goal is to develop adaptive computers together which have the potential to revolutionise today 's information society .
The three - year project is financed by the EU funding framework " Future Emerging Technologies " ( FET ) , which supports especially innovative and visionary approaches in information technology .
International experts chose only nine out of the 176 applications , among which was " Brain - i - Nets . "
Partners of the research initiative worth 2.6 m euro include University College London , the Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne , the French Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique , Ruprecht - Karls - Universität Heidelberg und the University of Zurich .
For more information , visit : http://www.brain-i-nets.eu
For Those That Want The Best – GeForce RTX 3090
If you are looking for the fastest desktop graphics card in the world , you might be interested in the GeForce RTX 3090 that just came out this morning .
This card offers the best performance in GeForce series and was designed to handle any workload at it .
… more
Ben Goldacre , The Guardian , Saturday 13 February 2010
Often one data point is n’t enough to spot a pattern , or even to say that an event is interesting and exceptional , because numbers are all about context and constraints .
At one end there are the simple examples .
“ Mum beats odds of 50 million - to - one to have 3 babies on same date ” is the headline for the Daily Express on Thursday .
If that phenomenon was really so unlikely , then since there are less than a million births a year in the UK , this would genuinely be a very rare event .
Their number is calculated as 365 x 365 x 365 = 48,627,125 .
But in reality , of course , it ’s out by an order of magnitude : one in 50 million are the odds of someone having 3 siblings sharing one particular prespecified birth date that the editors of the Daily Express sealed in an envelope and gave to a lawyer 50 years ago .
In reality there is no constraint on which day the first baby gets born on , so after that , the odds of two more babies sharing that birthday are 365×365=133,225 .
And they might even be a bit lower , if you two feel friskier in winter and have more babies in the autumn , for example .
Then there is the context .
Living on your street , hanging out with the people from work , it ’s easy to miss the sheer scale of humanity on the planet .
In England and Wales there were 725,440 births last year .
From the ONS Statistical Bulletin “ Who is having babies ” 14 % were third births , and another 9 % were fourth or subsequent births .
So there are 102,000 third children born a year , 167,000 third or more - th children , and if we include the rest of the Kingdom there are even more , so on average , three shared birthdays will happen once or twice a year in the UK ( although to be written about in the Express it would need to be a birth within a marriage , making 55,000 chances a year , or once every two years )
When you forget about numerical constraints , all kinds of things can start to look spooky : in a group of 23 people , there is a 50 % chance that two of them will share a birthday , because any pair of birthdays on any date is acceptable .
When you forget about numerical context things can look weird too : if Uri Geller gets a nation in front of the telly to tap their broken watches against the screen , and ring the call centre if the watch starts ticking again , with viewing figures of a few million , there will be more excited calls than the switchboard can handle .
If you turned to your friend and said : “ you know , a lot of funny things have happened to me , quite unexpectedly , over the course of a lifetime , but let me take a moment to specify right now the one thing that would seriously freak me out , over the next 12 hours , which would be if my dog trod on the trigger to my gun , and accidentally shot me in the face ” , and then your dog shot you in the calf , that would be weird .
So “ Dog Shoots Man ” was a big story in America this week , to the delight of headline writers .
But here ’s “ Dog Shoots Man In The Back ” from Memphis in 2007 , another in Iowa only two months later , and my own personal favourite : “ Puppy shoots man : dog put paw on gun ’s trigger as owner tried to kill him ” .
Guns do n’t kill people , puppies do .
The world is a really big place .
.
Pet shop owner fined £ 1,000 and told to wear an electronic tag ... for selling a GOLDFISH to a boy aged 14
Her offence was to unwittingly sell a goldfish to a 14 - year - old boy taking part in a trading standards ' sting ' .
At most , pet shop owner Joan Higgins , 66 , expected a slap on the wrist for breaking new animal welfare laws which ban the sale of pets to under - 16s .
Instead , the great - grandmother was taken to court , fined £ 1,000 , placed under curfew - and ordered to wear an electronic tag for two months .
No more curfew : Joan Higgins in her pet shop in Sale , Manchester
The punishment is normally handed out to violent thugs and repeat offenders .
The prosecution of Mrs Higgins and her son Mark is estimated to have cost taxpayers £ 20,000 and has left her with a criminal record .
Mark , 47 , was also fined and ordered to carry out 120 hours of unpaid work in the community .
Last night , as an MP criticised the magistrates , Mrs Higgins - who has run the pet shop for 28 years - said the family 's eight - month ordeal had left them traumatised .
She added : ' It 's ridiculous .
I mean , what danger am I that I have to wear an electronic tag ?
These last few months have been a very stressful time . '
The seven - week curfew imposed by the court means she is unable to babysit her great - grandson at his home or go to bingo sessions with her sister , and will be unable to attend a Rod Stewart concert after tickets were bought for her by her nephew , actor Will Mellor .
Joan Higgins , 66 , and her son Mark , 47 , have both been ordered to pay fines after selling a goldfish to a 14 - year - old boy
Her son said : ' I think it 's a farce .
What gets me so cross is that they put my Mum on a tag - she 's nearly 70 , for goodness ' sake .
' She 's a great - grandma so she wo n't be able to babysit a newborn baby .
You would think they have better things to do with their time and money . '
Mr Higgins claimed the undercover operation was a clear case of entrapment - when a person is encouraged by someone in some official capacity to commit a crime - and said the case should never have gone to court .
He said : ' The council sent the 14 - year - old in to us .
It is hard to tell how old a lad is these days .
He looked much older than 14 . '
He added that his mother almost fainted in the dock when magistrates told her she could go to prison for the offence .
' I told her they would n't send her to prison but she was still worried , ' he said .
' The only other time she has been in court is when she did jury service . '
Creature comforts : Major 's
Pet shop in Sale , owned by Joan and Mark Higgins
Under the Animal Welfare Act 2006 it is illegal to sell pets - including goldfish - to children under the age of 16 unless they are accompanied by an adult .
Pet shops must also provide advice on animal welfare to buyers .
The maximum penalty is imprisonment for up to 12 months , or a fine of up to £ 20,000 , or both .
The Higgins family 's ordeal began when council officials heard that Majors Pet Shop in Sale , Greater Manchester , was selling animals to children .
They sent the 14 - year - old schoolboy into the shop to carry out a test purchase and Mr Higgins sold him the goldfish without questioning his age or providing any information about the care of the fish .
A council officer in the shop at the time also noticed a cockatiel in a cage that appeared to be in a poor state of health .
A vet found the bird had a broken leg and eye problems .
It was later put down .
Mrs Higgins and her son were charged with selling the fish to a person aged under 16 and with causing unnecessary suffering to a cockatiel by failing to provide appropriate care and treatment .
Pleading guilty , Mrs Higgins told Trafford magistrates the cockatiel had not been for sale and she had been bathing its eye daily .
She had intended to take it to the vet but had been distracted and worried because her other son was in hospital .
The court heard that Mrs Higgins had possessed a licence to sell animals for many years and had never had any problems before .
She was fined £ 1,000 and given a community order with a curfew requiring her to stay home between 6 pm and 7 am for seven weeks .
Mrs Higgins did not have her licence to sell animals removed , but both she and her son were told that if they ever appeared in court for a similar offence they could face a jail sentence .
David Davies , Tory MP for Monmouth , said : ' You simply could n't make it up .
It is absolutely ludicrous that old ladies should be hounded through the courts and electronically tagged for something like this .
' At a time when courts are being told not to lock up career burglars we have them issuing severe punishments like this on little old ladies . '
Mr Davies , who has served as a special constable for three years , said : ' Not only is it traumatic for her but it is a complete waste of time and taxpayers ' money .
It is ridiculous .
' Instead of getting 14 - year - old boys to act in this type of sting they should have them trying to nail people who sell drugs outside our schools . '
Trafford Council said it launched an investigation after an unsubstantiated complaint that the shop had sold a gerbil to a 14 - year - old girl with learning disabilities .
The council claimed the animal later died after the child placed it in a disposable coffee cup with a plastic lid on top .
But the complaint did not form part of the legal action in court and its truth cannot be verified .
Mrs Higgins said the shop had not stocked gerbils for months before the complaint anyway .
Defending the goldfish case , Iain Veitch , head of public protection at Trafford Council , said : ' The evidence presented for this conviction clearly demonstrates that it is irresponsible to sell animals to those who are not old enough to look after them .
' Let this conviction send out a message that we will not tolerate those who cause unnecessary suffering to animals .
The council will always try to support pet and business owners so that they are able to care for their animals properly , but where they continually ignore the advice they are given , we will not hesitate to use our statutory powers . '
The goldfish was later adopted by an animal welfare officer and is in good health .
The US Army ’s lax supervision was cited in a Senate investigation of controversial private security firm Blackwater , which allowed employees to use weapons without authorization in Afghanistan .
At the outset of a months - long probe , the Senate Armed Service Committee found several cases of “ reckless ” use of weapons by personnel from Paravant , a subsidiary of Blackwater , itself now renamed Xe Services .
What ’s more , it documents that the firm was so desperate to procure weapons that it even used a South Park character as an alias .
Notes the Washington Independent ‘s Spencer Ackerman :
ADVERTISEMENT
Blackwater personnel appear to have gone to exceptional lengths to obtain weapons from U.S. military weapons storehouses intended for use by the Afghan police .
According to the committee , at the behest of the company ’s Afghanistan country manager , Ricky Chambers , Blackwater on at least two occasions acquired hundreds of rifles and pistols from a U.S. military facility near Kabul called 22 Bunkers by the military and Pol-e Charki by the Afghans .
Gen. David Petraeus , the commander of all U.S. military forces in the Middle East and South Asia , wrote to the committee to explain that “ there is no current or past written policy , order , directive , or instruction that allows U.S. Military contractors or subcontractors in Afghanistan to use weapons stored at 22 Bunkers . ”
On one of those occasions , in September 2008 , Chief Warrant Officer Greg Sailer , who worked at 22 Bunkers and is a friend of a Blackwater officer working in Afghanistan , signed over more than 200 AK - 47s to an individual identified as “ Eric Cartman ” or possibly “ Carjman ” from Blackwater ’s Counter Narcotics Training Unit .
A Blackwater lawyer told committee staff that no one by those names has ever been employed by the company .
Eric Cartman is the name of a character from Comedy Central ’s popular “ South Park ” cartoon .
The panel pointed to a hiring process lacking rigor , with some employees having criminal records .
It also found that several rules on the acquisition and use of arms in Afghanistan were violated , while US military officials turned a blind eye .
“ Why is the issue of armed contractors in Afghanistan so important ? ” asked Democratic Senator Carl Levin , who chairs the committee .
“ I guess the bottom line is that in the fight against the Taliban , the perception that the Afghans have of us is critical . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
He was speaking on the eve of a hearing before the panel on the case about the military contractor .
US
Army contracting officials and representatives of the company are expected to testify .
In fall 2008 , Paravant became a subcontractor of defense contractor Raytheon to fulfill a mission to train Afghan security forces .
On May 5 , 2009 , two Paravant employees in Afghanistan — Justin Cannon and Christopher Drotleff — opened fire during a traffic incident in Kabul , killing two unarmed Afghan civilians and wounding three others .
The pair have since been arraigned on murder and weapons violations charges .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Justice Department said the incident created diplomatic problems for the United States in Afghanistan , with consequences for US security interests , according to the panel .
In December 2008 , Paravant employees were seen perusing a street sitting atop a rolling vehicle , with AK - 47 assault rifles in hand .
A bump in the road made one of the arms unload a volley of bullets , seriously wounding one employee in the head .
ADVERTISEMENT
According to the committee , it was not until the May 2009 incident that military officials began looking into Paravant .
“ Hopefully , the army is going to be much more … careful ( about ) who we contract with , ” Levin told reporters .
The panel noted that Paravant instructors were not authorized to bear arms .
Investigators found that Blackwater - Paravant obtained weapons from a warehouse reserved for Afghan security forces .
ADVERTISEMENT
The facility , known as Bunker 22 , was under US military control .
According to Levin , only several of the “ hundreds ” of weapons unlawfully held by the subsidiary have been returned so far .
Meanwhile , two Democratic lawmakers proposed a bill to ban the federal government and the US military from using subcontractors in combat zones , namely in Iraq and Afghanistan , where tens of thousands of troops are deployed .
The secretive Blackwater was thrown into the spotlight after five of its guards were accused of killing 14 unarmed Iraqis in a gun and grenade attack , and wounding 18 others during a September 2007 incident at the busy Nisur Square in Baghdad .
ADVERTISEMENT
Earlier this month , Iraq expelled 250 former employees of the security firm .
The North Carolina - based firm lost its contract to provide security for US embassy diplomats in Baghdad in May 2009 after Iraqis and critics repeatedly accused it of adopting a cowboy mentality to duties in the country .
The first day of the annual Pwn2 Own contest in which security researchers can win cash and hardware if they successfully compromise machines using zero - day exploits is finished .
Internet Explorer 8 on Windows 7 , Firefox 3 on Windows 7 , Safari 4 on Mac OS X 10.6 , and iPhone OS 3 were all compromised during the competition .
Google 's Chrome was the only browser left standing — and in fact , was completely untested .
None of the researchers at the competition even tried to attack Chrome .
So far , little is known about the successful exploits .
Until vendors have been informed of the flaws and those flaws have been patched , details will not be made public .
The iPhone was not successfully hacked in 2009 's competition , but was predicted to fall this year , and those predictions have come true .
A zero -day Safari flaw was used to gain access to text messages stored on the device by Vincenzo Iozzo from German security firm Zynamics and Ralf - Philipp Weinmann , a post - doctoral researcher at the University of Luxembourg .
Notable in the exploit was that it bypassed both iPhone 's Data Execution Protection as well as its requirements that all code be signed .
A little more is known about the IE8 exploit , including an ( abridged ) video of the browser being taken down .
The successful researcher , Peter Vreugdenhil , has published a rough outline of the techniques used to bypass IE8's DEP and ASLR protections .
The Safari hack came from Charlie Miller ; this makes three years in a row now that Miller has pwned — and hence owned — a Mac at pwn2own .
Thus far , nothing further about either this exploit or the Firefox one appears to have been published .
Neither the iPhone exploit nor the IE8 exploit managed to escape the OS - supplied sandboxes that protect these platforms .
Without escaping the sandboxes , the impact that flaws can have is reduced , preventing , for example , writing to hard disk ( and hence , preventing installation of malware ) .
Nonetheless , read - only access is still valuable for data theft .
It is this sandboxing that might explain why Google 's Chrome was untouched ; no researcher even attempted to attack it .
It is certainly not the case that Chrome has no security flaws — a couple of days before the Pwn2 Own draw was made to decide who got to attack which machine and in what order , Google published an update to Chrome that fixed a range of security flaws , some of which were deemed to be high - risk .
Google 's sandboxing should n't be impenetrable , but it is sufficient to make the standard harmless exploit payload — starting up Windows calculator — harder to do .
The kit is still very much at the prototype stage Technology that could see an end to the bane of many commuters - people talking loudly on their mobile phones - has been shown off by researchers .
The prototype device could allow people to conduct silent phone conversations .
The technology measures the tiny electrical signals produced by muscles used when someone speaks .
The device can record these pulses even when a person does not audibly utter any words and use them to generate synthesised speech in another handset .
" I was taking the train and the person sitting next to me was constantly chatting and I thought ' I need to change this ' , " Professor Tanja Shultz of the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology told BBC News .
" We call it silent communication . "
Translation system
The device , on show at the Cebit electronics fair in Germany , relies on a technique called electromyography which detects the electrical signals from muscles .
It is commonly used to diagnose certain diseases , including those that involve nerve damage .
The prototype that is on display in Germany uses nine electrodes that are stuck to a user 's face .
Nasa have explored the use of silent communication systems " These capture the electrical potentials that result from you moving your articulatory muscles , " explained Professor Shultz .
" Those are the muscles that you need in order to produce speech . "
The electrical pulses are then passed to a device which records and amplifies them before transmitting the signal via Bluetooth to a laptop .
There , software translates the signals into text , which can then be spoken by a synthesiser .
In the future , said Professor Shultz , the technology could be packed in a mobile phone for instantaneous communication .
" We know this is not appealing for mass market use at the moment . "
However , she added , it could be initially used to help people who have lost their voice due to illness or accident .
It could also form the basis of an instant translation system , she said .
" You could speak in your mother tongue and the text could be translated into another language , " she said .
" The person that you are communicating with would then hear the synthesised voice in the other language . "
It is not the first time that electromyography has been explored for silent communication .
The US space agency Nasa has investigated the technique for communicating in noisy environments such as the Space Station .
It has also used the technique to explore advanced flight control systems that do away with joysticks and other interfaces .
Nasa , she said , explored the technique to understand simple commands .
" The difference with our system is that we can record and recognise continually spoken sentences , " said Professor Shultz .
Cebit runs from 2 to 6 March in Hanover , Germany .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I have had a number of folks send me notes on two related questions .
The first is regarding the Bibles that some US troops carried in their shirt pockets in WWI and WWII .
There were reports that some of these guys had bullets or shrapnel stopped by the Bibles in their pockets .
Some enterprising guys even started selling metal covered Bibles that relatives could buy and send to troops .
The question : Could a small Bible stop a bullet ?
Secondly , a surprising number of students have sent me notes asking : I carry a bunch of textbooks in my backpack .
Could these books stop a bullet if needed ?
The question : How much paper is required to stop common bullets ?
Sounds like a good excuse to go to the range .
I visited my local library and found that they had old books for sale for 10 cents apiece .
I picked up the largest 15 in the pile for $ 1.50 and we were ready to go .
First , a little comparison .
Here ’s the New Testament that I carried in the Army .
You can see that it is less than 1 /2 inch thick , even though it includes both the New Testament and the Psalms .
Not much paper there .
I have filled the Box O’ Truth with the books and we are ready to go .
Let ’s start with small arms
First a .22 pistol .
The round penetrated about 1 inch .
Then a .32 ACP .
It also penetrated about 1 1/8th inch .
Let ’s set up to a common military round , the 9 mm Ball .
It made it through about 7 inches of paper .
The mighty .45 ACP .
It penetrated to about 4 1/4 inches .
Might as well beat you guys to the draw by going ahead and trying the armor penetrating 7.62 X 25 , since you ’re going to ask for it anyway .
It penetarted to about 7 inches .
It beats the 9 mm on armor , but not on paper .
How about rifles ?
Tman gives me a break on the shooting .
We also move the target back to about 20 yards .
The 5.56 NATO M - 193 , about 8 inches and bent .
How about the SS - 109 ?
About 7 1/2 inches and also bent in half .
Let ’s try a big boy , the Mosin - Nagant 7.62 X 54R .
It made it through about 15 inches of paper and then went to the side and out of the books and was lost .
We decided to shoot another round .
It also was a center hit , but after a few inches , deviated and went downward and stuck in the bottom of the box .
I had to use a pair of pliers to remove it , but it was basically unharmed .
It had penetrated about 15 inches .
How about the .30 -06 with an AP ( Armor Piercing ) round ?
It did n’t come apart at all , and made it about 19 1/2 inches .
Just in case any buffalo are Bible toting types , let ’s give the .45 -70 a try .
It made it about 16 1 / 2 inches , but the hard cast 510 grain bullet broke apart .
And here they are , all lined up for a family photo .
Lessons learned :
It takes a lot of paper to stop a some bullets .
Were the stories of Bibles stopping bullets true ?
I believe they are indeed true , but may be misleading .
We do not know how fast the pieces of shrapnel were going when they were stopped by the Bibles .
Maybe the bullets that hit the Bibles had already hit the ground or some other object and were significantly slowed down by the time they hit the Bibles .
One thing for sure , unless the troops were carrying an original copy of the Gutenberg Bible strapped to their chests , only a miracle of God would have prevented a rifle bullet at full speed from penetrating .
Would a backpack full of books stop a bullet ?
Yes , if the bullets were pistol rounds .
It would take about 7 inches of paper to stop a 9 mm round .
If we are talking about big rifle rounds , you had better have around 20 inches of books in the backpack to be relatively safe .
I have been shooting into piles of telephone books and Sears catalogs all my life .
I ’ve made a lot of confetti , and learned a few things .
But it ’s still fun to shoot books .
The Alex Jones Channel
Tuesday , February 2nd , 2010
Alex welcomes back to the show Marc Morano , the man behind the climate website ClimateDepot.com for the Committee for a Constructive Tomorrow .
Morano is a former journalist with Cybercast News Service .
He has written articles critical of NASA global warming scientist James E. Hansen .
Morano was also a producer and correspondent for the nationally syndicated television newsmagazine American Investigator .
This article was posted : Tuesday , February 2 , 2010 at 5:08 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Hubble has discovered a mysterious X - shaped object traveling at 11,000 mph .
NASA says that P /2010 - A2 may be a comet , product of the collision between two asteroids .
Or a Klingon Bird of Prey .
Either way , UCLA investigator David Jewitt is excited :
Click above to see the full resolution image
This is quite different from the smooth dust envelopes of normal comets .
The filaments are made of dust and gravel , presumably recently thrown out of the nucleus .
Some are swept back by radiation pressure from sunlight to create straight dust streaks .
Embedded in the filaments are co-moving blobs of dust that likely originated from tiny unseen parent bodies .
Advertisement
OK , David , we will believe you until Jerry Bruckheimer finish his next movie , in which a " comet " suddenly stops , turns to Earth , and starts firing anti-matter rays against our underpants .
The weirdest thing , however , is not only the prettyful X - shaped debris pattern , but the fact that its 460 - foot - wide nucleus is outside the dust halo and separated from the trail .
This behavior is something which has never been seen before in a comet or any other solar - system - swooshing object .
Advertisement
The images — taken by Hubble between January 25 and January 29 — lead NASA to believe that this is a product of the collision of two asteroids .
The nucleus would be the " surviving remnant of a hypervelocity collision :
" If this interpretation is correct , two small and previously unknown asteroids recently collided , creating a shower of debris that is being swept back into a tail from the collision site by the pressure of sunlight .
The filamentary appearance of P/2010 A2 is different from anything seen in Hubble images of normal comets , consistent with the action of a different process .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Click to viewIn other words :
They have no clue about what this is , and they are still speculating about how this object was formed .
Maybe it 's time to call Dr. Zarkov . [ NASA ]
Washington ( CNN ) -- Former U.S. Sen . John Edwards of North Carolina has admitted that he fathered a girl with his mistress .
" I will do everything in my power to provide her with the love and support she deserves , " Edwards said in a statement .
The former 2008 Democratic presidential candidate previously denied that he was the girl 's father .
" It was wrong for me ever to deny she was my daughter and hopefully one day , when she understands , she will forgive me , " Edwards said .
" To all those I have disappointed and hurt , these words will never be enough , but I am truly sorry . "
Edwards earlier admitted that he had an affair with Rielle Hunter while he was campaigning for the Democratic presidential nomination .
Edwards ' campaign paid Hunter $ 114,000 to make a series of short videos about his presidential campaign , and she traveled extensively with the candidate 's entourage .
Hunter gave birth in February 2008 to a baby girl .
She is widely reported to have named the girl Quinn .
Edwards denied that he was the girl 's father for more than a year , saying the affair was over before Hunter became pregnant .
Now he has admitted it .
" I am Quinn 's father , " his statement said .
" I have been able to spend time with her during the past year and trust that future efforts to show her the love and affection she deserves can be done privately and in peace .
" I have been providing financial support for Quinn and have reached an agreement with her mother to continue providing support in the future . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Former US congressman Charlie Wilson has died at the age of 76 , a hospital spokeswoman has said .
Mr Wilson represented Texas in the House of Representatives from 1973 to 1996 and was nicknamed " Good Time Charlie " for his party - loving ways .
The 2007 Hollywood film Charlie Wilson 's War told of his efforts to arm the Afghan mujahideen during the 1980s Soviet occupation .
Actor Tom Hanks portrayed Mr Wilson in the movie .
A hospital spokeswoman told the Associated Press news agency that Mr Wilson had been taken to hospital after he started having breathing difficulties while attending a meeting in Lufkin , Texas .
She said Mr Wilson was pronounced dead on arrival at the hospital and cited " cardiopulmonary arrest " as the preliminary cause of death .
A Democrat , Mr Wilson started his political career at the age of 27 as a state representative for his home district in Texas , in the heart of the East Texas Bible Belt .
He then went on to become a state senator before being elected to the US Congress , where he served 12 terms until his retirement in 1996 .
" Charlie was perfect as a congressman , perfect as a state representative , perfect as a state senator .
He was a perfect reflection of the people he represented .
If there was anything wrong with Charlie , I never did know what it was , " AP quoted his former chief - of - staff , Charles Schnabel , as saying .
BBC
News website readers have been sending in their comments and tributes on the death of Charlie Wilson .
Here is a selection .
Texas is renowned for it 's outsized personalities .
Charlie Wilson was liberal in an extreme right - wing star , quite an out - size kind of accomplishment .
John Tomlinson , New York City , USA Charlie Wilson by helping to dislodge the Soviet Union from Afghanistan , helped to defeat one evil , communism , for a much greater evil , Islamic Fundamentalism , with help from our erstwhile friends the Pakistanis !
Let us NEVER forget that 9/11 could not and would not have occurred if Afghanistan was in the Soviet Orbit !
Suriyan Nathan , New York City Charlie Wilson was wrong to arm the muj of Afghanistan .
We had no similar ideology , he came from an era where all that mattered was winning the cold war , a black and white world where the ends justified the means .
And it is the next generation that will pay for it .
His actions in Afghanistan are the case study for the rest of the world why you do not arm other groups which do not have the same ideology as you .
Aaron Rudd , Spalding Charlie Wilson was a reckless cowboy with no thought of the long term consequences of his ( America 's ) actions , hence , the American body bags coming back from Afghanistan .
Jeff Sokal , Jeffersonville , Vt. USA
This man raised the mujahideen , and people like Gulbuddin Hekmatyar and Osama Bin Ladin to power , and yet he blamed the US Congress for messing - up the " end - game . "
He should be remembered as a misguided fool who helped bring terrorists to power .
Cristobal DeLicia , Cambridge , MA , USA Quite a lively character who truly believed in what he was doing .
Deep down he really loved his country .
His lifestyle never had an impact on his effectiveness .
So that 's a lesson , separate the personal from the public life ( we need colourful characters ) really .
Alimamy , Freetown , Sierra Leone
We have really lost a rarity - a maverick politician .
God Bless his soul !
Amit Ramchandani , Singapore Charlie Wilson is typical of Texas politicians born 1920 - 1940 and in American politics 1950 - 1990 who were , as you describe confident , taking risks , and putting reputations on the line for their beliefs .
Among these were Ralph Yarborough and Lyndon Johnson .
These are qualities that seem to be lost in today 's more conservative political atmosphere .
For today 's Texans , our political future lies somewhere in the middle between the rogues of old and the milk toast of today !
Mscaleb , Dimebox , U.S. Mr. Wilson spoke in Scranton , PA , in October , 2009 , as part of the Lackawanna County Library System 's 2009 lecture series .
I had the pleasure of speaking with him .
Not only was he gracious to those seeking autographs , but he seemed truly interested in what they said .
He was a good man .
Mary Barna , Peckville , PA USA I thought that Charlie Wilson was a hero .
I never met him but know of him ( mostly from the movie ) .
Mr. Scheuer is right about the people in congress now , they are bunch of self serving wimps compared to Charlie .
We need more heroes like Charlie in congress today .
I would certainly vote for him for president if he were alive today .
Ed Moghis , San Carlos , USA Charlie Wilson did the right thing by supporting Afghans with weapons to defect the communist government of Russia which lead to the fall of soviet communism and also freedom for Afghans .
The mistake the US made was that they deserted the Afghans after the soviets were defeated .
Had he worked on developing Afghanistan as country after that then 9/11 would not have occurred and so would not have any war on terrorism .
The whole world would have been a much better place today .
Apek , Dallas , TX
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You going to finish that ?
Posted March 2 , 2010 at 7:00 pm
It 's been a bit since we had a good old fashioned George eating people strip .
Do n't say we never gave you nothin ' ...
Friday will be another monster strip ... it has one of the monsters we have n't seen redesigned yet .
( that list is getting smaller and smaller ) p.s. I want one of those hats George is wearing .
We are the leading X - cart Development Company with team of experienced developers and designers .
Our development team is specializing in offering custom programming services , considering the current market trends and client ’s business requirements .
Perception System also has expertise in providing business solutions through list of services , including X - cart customization , installation , module integration , gateway integration , X - cart consulting services and so on .
We are a trusted official partner , authorized software reseller of X - Cart.com and Leading X - cart development service provider , who has expertise in serving every eCommerce requirements of the businesses .
Our X - cart dedicated developers can augment client ’s business through various X - Cart development solutions :
USS Dwight D. Eisenhower ( CVN - 69 )
USS Dwight D. Eisenhower ( CVN - 69 ) , nicknamed " Ike " , is the second of 10 Nimitz - class supercarriers in the United States Navy , named after the thirty - fourth President of the United States , Dwight D. Eisenhower .
Originally , she was named Eisenhower , much like her sister , Nimitz .
On 25 May 1970 , the name was lengthened to Dwight D. Eisenhower .
On commissioning , Ike replaced the aged World War II - era carrier USS Franklin D. Roosevelt in the fleet .
A Dakota Ridge High School student who wore a “ Nobama ” sticker taped across the front of his shirt prior to an appearance by Michelle Obama will receive $ 4,000 from Jefferson County authorities , the ACLU of Colorado announced today .
The $ 4,000 settlement agreement with the Jefferson County Sheriff ’s Department and the Jefferson County School District avoided a potential lawsuit , according to a news release from Taylor Pendergrass , ACLU staff attorney .
On Nov. 3 , 2008 , Blake Benson showed up outside the high school gym as others were lined up to enter the gym to hear Michelle Obama speak .
Benson was one of three students who chose to “ stay and campaign ” for Sen.
John McCain at the school prior to the speech .
According to the ACLU , Dakota Ridge school officials told Benson to leave .
When he refused , officials had Benson handcuffed , searched and arrested for interference — a charge that carries up to six months in jail and a $ 750 fine .
At the time of his arrest , Benson was holding a McCain - Palin campaign sign .
Benson was also given a one - day suspension by principal Jim Jelinek .
In his notice of suspension , Jelinek stated the reason was that “ Blake was directed to cease politically protesting on school grounds , ” said the ACLU .
ACLU cooperating attorney Dan Recht represented Benson in the criminal case .
In May , Jefferson County officials said they would not pursue the criminal charges .
“ Jefferson County officials were wrong to censor the peaceful , purely political speech of a high school student just a day before a historic national election , ” Pendergrass said in a statement .
“ We should be encouraging civic engagement and political discourse in our high schools .
Unfortunately , Jefferson County officials sent exactly the opposite message last November by arresting Mr. Benson for expressing his political views . ”
Both the school district and the sheriff ’s department agreed to pay $ 2,000 to settle claims that Jefferson County violated Benson ’s free speech rights .
The ACLU noted that Jefferson County officials did not admit to wrongdoing .
In a statement , Benson said that what his teachers taught him about “ our constitutional rights was n’t respected outside the classroom .
“ If one thing comes from this case , I hope it is that other students will learn more about their free speech rights and not be afraid to use them . ”
Jacki Kelley , spokeswoman for the Jefferson County sheriff ’s department , confirmed that the $ 2,000 was paid .
Kelley also confirmed that an internal - affairs investigation was launched to see what , if any , punishment the deputy who issued the citation to Benson should receive .
Kelley said the investigation has concluded but the results will not be revealed because it involves a personnel matter .
However , she added that “ lessons were learned from the investigation . ”
Howard Pankratz : 303-954-1939 or hpankratz@denverpost.com
MAKHACHKALA , Russia ( Reuters ) - Suicide bombers killed at least 12 people in Russia ’s North Caucasus on Wednesday , two days after deadly attacks in Moscow that authorities linked to insurgents from the region .
A car packed with explosives blew up as police gave chase , and a bomber in a police uniform set off a second blast in a crowd of police who rushed to the scene , authorities said .
The coordinated attacks in the town of Kizlyar , in Dagestan region close to its border with Chechnya , were the latest outbreaks in a surge of violence in the Caucasus a decade after the Kremlin ’s second of two wars against Chechen separatists .
The Dagestan bombings came 48 hours after Moscow was hit by its bloodiest attack in six years -- twin morning rush - hour blasts that killed 39 .
Authorities blamed female suicide bombers with connections to the mainly Muslim North Caucasus .
Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said a single group could be behind the bombings in both Moscow and Dagestan .
“ Yet another terrorist act has been committed .
I do not rule out that it is one and the same gang acting , ” he told a government meeting .
He called the attacks “ a crime against Russia ” and ordered Interior Minister Rashid Nurgaliyev to bolster the police presence in the North Caucasus .
Analysts and rights activists have warned that a further crackdown could be counterproductive , fuelling the Islamist insurgency rather than creating stability .
The Russian rouble weakened 3 kopecks versus the euro - dollar basket but was only 16 kopecks below a 15 - month high , and traders said the currency did not move on the attack .
Russia ’s main equities indexes rose slightly while the yields on Russian Eurobonds were little changed .
POWERFUL BLAST
The attack in Kizlyar began when a car packed with explosives blew up after its driver ignored a command to halt and sped toward the center of town with police close behind , Nurgaliyev , the interior minister , said in televised comments .
The vehicle -- a black four - wheel - drive Niva -- exploded with the force of as much as 200 kilograms of TNT , Russian news agencies quoted prosecutorial investigators as saying .
Two police officers were killed , Nurgaliyev said .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Twenty minutes later , a suicide bomber pushed his way into a crowd of police who had gathered at the site and detonated his explosives , killing Kizlyar police chief Vitaly Vedernikov and several other officers , authorities said .
After the blasts , two gutted cars stood near a deep crater on a debris - strewn street lined by bare trees .
A red brick schoolhouse had its windows blown out and roof partly ripped off .
A man ’s severed head lay on the street .
Reports said there were no children in the school at the time of the blasts .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Luring police with one blast and then setting off a second is a common tactic of North Caucasus insurgents , who have been attacking law enforcement authorities almost daily .
The two explosions killed 12 people , including nine police officers and a prosecutorial investigator , and 23 people were hospitalized , the federal Investigative Committee said .
Dagestan , a predominantly Muslim province on the Caspian Sea with a patchwork of different ethnic groups , is plagued by violence stemming from the Islamic insurgency across the North Caucasus as well as criminal disputes and clan rivalries .
The Moscow metro attack fueled fears of a broader offensive by rebels based in the North Caucasus .
It underscored the Kremlin ’s failure to keep militants in check and confine violence to the region along Russia ’s southern fringe .
President Dmitry Medvedev said the attacks this week were “ links in one chain , ” Russian news agencies reported .
He told a presidential Security Council meeting terrorists were trying “ to sow fear and panic in the population .
We will not allow this . ”
He said he had signed a decree aimed at improving security on public transport .
Putin , who in 1999 led Moscow into a war against Chechen separatists that sealed his rise to power , said on Tuesday it was “ a matter of honor ” to catch the organizers of the Moscow bombing and “ scrape them from the bottom of the sewers . ”
Medvedev has stressed the insurgency cannot be stopped by force alone and authorities must continue programs to attack problems such as poverty and corruption in the Caucasus .
“ All of these must be realized , no matter what , because the key to many of these problems lies in the social and economic sphere , ” Medvedev said on Wednesday .
Book Publishers Beware !
At iTunes , Expensive Music Equals Slower Sales .
After years of complaints , last year the music labels finally got what they wanted from Apple – the ability to raise prices on their songs .
Last April , iTunes introduced a “ variable pricing ” scheme , which gave the labels the ability to move prices from 99 cents a song to $ 1.29 ( and for some tracks , down to 69 cents ) .
The result ?
Music sales are slowing .
Warner Music Group ( WMG ) said this morning that it has seen unit sales growth at Apple ’s ( AAPL ) iTunes decelerate since the price increase : Industrywide , year - over - year “ digital track equivalent album unit growth ” was at five percent in the December quarter , down sequentially from 10 percent in the September quarter and 11 percent in the June quarter .
And since iTunes sales make up the majority of Warner ’s digital revenue , growth is contracting there , too .
In the last quarter , digital revenue at the label was up eight percent compared with a year earlier , when that number was 20 percent .
The positive spin here is that music downloads are a “ mature ” business anyway .
So by raising prices , the labels are simply extracting whatever value they can .
And indeed , Warner CEO Edgar Bronfman Jr. argued that the pricing change has been a “ net positive ” for Warner .
But he also suggested that in hindsight , perhaps it was n’t a great idea to raise prices 30 percent during a recession .
So here ’s the question for the book industry , which has been working very hard to boost the price for its digital goods :
Which lesson do you learn from this ?
My gut is that the industry will see this parable the way Bronfman apparently does :
If you can move prices up early in the digital adoption cycle , you ’re much better off .
During the earnings call , Bronfman sounded a bit wistful as he noted the book industry ’s apparent success , with the help of Apple , at raising prices above the $ 9.99 floor Amazon ( AMZN ) had set .
“ It ’s interesting that the book publishing industry , on the iPad , has much more flexibility than the music industry had , ” he noted .
The counter here is the one that seems obvious to everyone else : Lower prices and you can sell more stuff .
Looks like we ’ll be getting another real - world test of this economics lesson soon .
My friend and I had some funny time doing this "
Duke Nicholas Zverenhoff
" quest where you had to deliver a book containing " Studies of Spirit speaking " .
It was extremely funny to spam WSG chat with some ' Spirit speak ' which looks about like this :
OooOoOooooOOoOOooOO
.
This all happened years ago .
Now after reading this article again (
Translating the gnomish binary and revealing the secrets !
)
Here is the actual book I started from .
I used this pattern I figured out myself to translate this to binary :
this quest came back to my mind and I begun to figure out it 's meaning .
Here is the actual book I started from .
I used this pattern I figured out myself to translate this to binary :
Code : O=1 o=0
And after converting I got a binary code like this :
Code : 1010101 1101100 1110100 1101001 1101101 1100001 100000 1001111 1101110 1101100 1101001 1101110 1100101 100000 1001110 1100001 1110000 1100001 100000 1010110 1100001 1101100 1101100 1100101 1111001 100000 1001011 1101110 1101001 1100111 1101000 1110100 1110011 100000 1101111 1100110 100000 1000011 1101000 1100001 1101111 1110011
and you if you convert that to text :
1010101 = U
1101100 = l
1110100 = t
1101001 = i
1101101 = m
1100001 = a ... and so on
TIP : If you want to do it yourself , do it for each character .
You get this :
Ultima Online Napa Valley Knights of Chaos
Now what is this ?
I assume that one of the dev's / designers played ' Ultima Online ' on the realm ' Napa Valley ' and he was in the guild ' Knights of Chaos ' .
It 's a Ultima Online - joke .
When you were dead all you were able to say was :
" OoOooOooo " , some players even learned to translate it so they could understand each others .
So it 's supposed to be a joke , or a ' advertisement ' of some kind .
But I must say , as long as Blizzard keeps adding stuff like this into WoW , they keep me quite happy and interested
America obscuring its real intentions , renowned scholar tells Raw Story
Israel ’s construction of new permanent settlements in East Jerusalem has set off a series of public rebukes from the United States .
But according to Noam Chomsky , America ’s primary concern lies with the Israeli leader ’s hawkish demeanor , not his actions .
Tensions between the two close allies escalated this month after Vice President Joe Biden claimed in a speech at Tel Aviv University that Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu ’s plans would “ inflame ” peace talks with Palestine .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said during an AIPAC forum that it “ undermines America ’s unique ability ” to be an effective arbiter for the negotiations .
ADVERTISEMENT
Chomsky alleged in an interview that the Obama officials do n’t truly mind the settlements but simply prefer that they be overseen by a gentler Israeli leader .
“ President Obama , like every American president , has said that heÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s opposed to settlement expansion , ” he told Raw Story .
“ But his administration has made it clear that the position is purely symbolic .
They would not undertake even very mild steps toward sanctions . ”
Their main problem , Chomsky purported , is NetanyahuÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s “ insulting ” posturing .
Supporting an Israeli prime minister perceived as reluctant to meaningfully recognize a Palestinian state could damage America ’s credibility as a mediator for peace .
US foreign policy leaders “ want to put in someone whoÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s more accommodating , who will carry out the same programs but not in an arrogant and insulting fashion , ” Chomsky said .
“ ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s the manner Ã¢â‚¬â€ œ not the facts Ã¢â‚¬â€œ that theyÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢re objecting to . ”
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ WhatÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s happening now is very similar to what happened twenty years ago , ” he continued , comparing the current clash to “ when President George H. W. Bush and Secretary of State Baker were insulted by the arrogant behavior of Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
ShamirÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s attitude was too “ brazen ” for Bush to overlook , Chomsky noted , recalling that the former PM would Ã¢â‚ ¬Å “ schedule settlement expansion for the day that Baker arrived for peace talks .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Â So Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ they compelled Israel to throw him out and put in a more accommodating prime minister , Shimon Perez , who did pretty much the same things , just more politely .
Ã¢â‚¬Â
Obama ’s current dilemma is very similar , Chomsky argued , claiming that the president would prefer the same outcome .
The administration has sought to downplay the conflict , but it appears to remain unresolved .
Netanyahu has rebuffed US demands that he halt the new settlements , declaring in a speech Monday that “ Jerusalem is not a settlement ; ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s our capital . ”
The New York Times noted that the prime minister “ reiterated that Israel had no plans to freeze housing in Jerusalem . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
On Tuesday evening , he met with President Obama in closed - door talks for the first time since tensions between the two nations elevated this year .
The White House canceled the photo - op at the last minute .
A “ deafening silence ” followed the meeting , Politico reported , and it yielded no apparent signs of an accord .
Chomsky has contended that AmericaÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s unmitigated support for Israel is destructive to the interests of both countries .
His detractors accuse him of being unfairly critical of Israel and holding the country to a tougher standard than he applies to the Palestinian people and their leaders .
ADVERTISEMENT
In the interview , he did n’t sound optimistic about Obama ’s goal of achieving a workable peace treaty .
Over the last 20 years , Israel “ has moved very far to the right , ” he asserted .
“ There are ultra-nationalist forces that are much more powerful than before and also much more powerful religious elements , which have a very narrow and parochial view of the world . ”
Chomsky added that the “ highly unpopular wars ” the United States is waging in the Middle East further complicate the situation by exacerbating anti-American sentiments and further fueling anti-Semitism .
( Read Parts I and III of Chomsky ’s interview with Raw Story ’s Sahil Kapur , on health care reform and the government ’s allegiance to financial institutions , respectively . )
Only a handful of Pagani Zonda S cars are made each year
Repairs to a supercar damaged when a test drive went wrong near Aberdeen are set to cost an insurance firm £ 300,000 .
The Pagani Zonda S , which would cost more than £ 500,000 to buy , was involved in a crash last September .
The car has been sent for repair to Modena in Italy , where the vehicles are made .
A spokesperson for insurers Aviva said : " This is the biggest insurance payout we have had for repairs to a private car in the UK . "
' Painstakingly constructed '
The spokesperson said : " This is out of the ordinary for an insurer .
" Although the vehicle was badly damaged , Aviva decided that the car may be repairable and set about making arrangements for the car to be shipped across to Modena , Italy , home of Pagani , the vehicle manufacturer .
" There are roughly only 10 Zondas produced per year and they are painstakingly constructed . "
The insurance claim was lodged by the test driver , not the owner of the car .
CHICAGO – When 260 workers sat in at Republic Windows and Doors Dec. 5 , 2008 for five days , they were hoping to prevent the company ( and chief creditor Bank of America ) from running off with their vacation pay and pensions .
Their action got the attention of the nation , including president - elect Obama , who sided with them .
They beat all odds and won .
The workers could not have known how their actions would inspire others across the country to stand up for their rights .
Since then , the name Republic Windows and Doors is known to workers everywhere .
They were featured in Michael Moore ’s latest movie , “ Capitalism : a love story ” as one example of how people are taking the fight against Wall Street greed into their own hands .
Armando Robles , president of UE Local 1110 was one of the leaders in this momentous struggle and became a star of Moore ’s movie .
He sat down with the People ’s World to reflect how life has changed since the sit-in .
Despite the victory , the last year has been a difficult one for most of the workers .
Shortly after the takeover Serious Materials , a maker of highly energy efficient windows and doors , bought the company and promised to hire everyone back and respect the union contract .
To date only 29 workers have been rehired although things have picked up recently .
Robles said this was due to a combination of factors .
“ This is a new production line so the windows have to be certified .
In addition , the old Republic management told us not to clean up the last six months .
It took us 3 months just to clean the plant and paint the floors , ” said Robles .
With the economic crisis , sales have n’t rebounded yet .
Nor are they yet getting any hoped for sales from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act passed by Congress , that would go to funding weatherization projects .
Serious is in negotiations with hardware retail giant Lowe ’s to supply the chain in the Midwest .
Contractors from around the region are also checking the windows out .
“ There is some talk of putting our windows in Willis ( formerly Sears ) Tower .
We started making windows for large commercial buildings .
This is a market Republic never had , ” he said .
Robles also said the company supplies windows for 75 contractors of CEDA , the federal program that assists low - income families with their gas and light bills .
CEDA has a weatherization program and Serious provides the windows for Illinois .
“ To weatherize the homes and offices across the country is a huge market , ” he said .
“ We ’ll need more companies like ( Serious ) and more workers would be put back to work . ”
Jobs creation is a big concern for Robles and the other workers .
“ If the money goes to the workers , the economy will improve .
The government gave the money to the banks to help people with their foreclosures .
But the people are still having a problem because the money never got to them , ” he said .
“ We need people to spend money .
Stores will start selling stuff .
But they way they did it , the banks are keeping the money .
Workers are still losing their homes and jobs , ” he said .
While a public works jobs program would be great , Robles does n’t think the Obama administration is convinced it ’s needed yet .
“ We have to convince people that we can do it and it will work , ” he said .
“ We have to believe in ourselves and act ! ”
Robles and the other workers remain on the front lines of the battle , regularly participating in demonstrations and election campaigns .
They continue to encourage others to fight .
When asked how it felt to be a movie star , Robles laughed .
He said his son gives him the thumbs up , but he feels more comfortable fighting with his fellow workers at the grassroots than being an actor .
Photo : John Bachtell
CONTRIBUTOR
Lance Cohn Retired Chicago Public School music teacher , leader in the Chicago Teachers Union , and activist for fair housing ,
one million giraffes
On the 6th of June 2009 I made a bet with my good friend , Jørgen .
He did n't believe it was possible for me to collect one million giraffes .
440 days later I proved him wrong with help of people from all around the world .
102 countries helped out showing Jørgen how amazing the internet is .
You can find all of the one million giraffes on this site , in fact there are 1 016 052 giraffes here now !
I have stopped accepting more giraffes .
Why ?
Because very few are sent in nowadays and I have other things to do now .
I want to thank everyone who sent in a giraffe or two .
You made this happen .
Not me .
I am forever grateful for making this an adventure I will tell my grandchildren about untill they hate hearing about it .
Thank you .
Rupert Murdoch — the dashing , daring , fearsome and fearless press baron , the mogul among moguls — will celebrate his 79th birthday next month .
As he approaches his final years at the helm of his empire , he finds it crumbling around him .
Sure , News Corp. reported a better - than - expected $ 250 million profit last quarter on the strength of Fox News and Avatar , and all indications are that it has weathered the recession intact .
But Murdoch 's lifelong crusade has always been about more than just money — it 's been about acquiring power , routing enemies , and the glorification of his own ego .
And he has always accomplished those goals surrounded by a merry gang of corporate bandits , happily slitting throats and cutting deals with a vicious and entrepreneurial esprit de corps traceable to Murdoch 's own tyrannical mien .
It was an extraordinarily well - run company , guided by an iron fist .
No more .
" It 's terrible now , " a News Corp. insider tells Gawker , relating the slow , Shakespearian devolution of Murdoch 's fierce machinery into turmoil , factionalism , and infighting .
The old man , nearing the end of his reign , no longer inspires enough fear or loyalty within his own ranks to keep the jostling for power beneath the surface , and a Lord of the Flies ugliness abounds .
Roger Ailes has transformed Fox News into a highly profitable rogue political operation , jeopardizing Murdoch 's most prized asset — his access to political power — with an unending stream of volatile rhetoric .
His longtime consigliere and liaison to the Democratic power structure , Gary Ginsberg , decamped last year and just joined Time Warner .
Matthew Freud , his own son - in - law , is lobbing bombs at Ailes in the pages of the New York Times .
And Murdoch himself , though spry by any standards for a 78 - year - old , is showing his age :
His leadership has become unfocused , insiders say , and he 's made a bizarre string of public statements , from agreeing with Glenn Beck that Barack Obama is a racist to claiming he never said that a few days later to blaming New York 's political woes on Gov. David Paterson 's blindness .
The internal turmoil has led the News Corp. insider to commit the unforgivable sin of speaking of Murdoch in the past tense : " He had a good run . "
The growing factionalism within News Corp .'s ranks as Murdoch nears the end of his days is likely to be the topic of a New York magazine story on the company , by reporter Gabriel Sherman , that is set to run next week .
Sherman 's nosing around has sparked considerable chatter in Murdoch - land , and insiders are said to fear that it may begin to shake loose some of the crumbling edifice of Murdoch 's empire .
If Murdoch were to stop for a moment when he celebrates his birthday next month and , King Lear - like , survey his kingdom , here is what he would see :
The Hapless Heir
The battle for who will replace Murdoch at the helm seems to have come down to a choice of his son James or anybody else .
Lachlan Murdoch has been exiled to Australia and recently sold off the bulk of his personal shares in his father 's company to fund his own acquisitions .
Murdoch 's daughter Elizabeth seems unwilling to give up Shine , her television production company , and is an unlikely choice .
That leaves James , whose anal - retentive management style is said to be reviled by many News Corp. regulars .
Where Rupert and his old number two Peter Chernin — whose conflicts with James led to his departure last year — were freewheeling and tended to trust their deputies , James is controlling and obsessed with memos and progress reports .
As he inserts himself into News Corp .'s operations , he 's undermining the buccaneering culture his father encouraged .
" With all the memos and structure , it 's almost more like GE than News Corp. now , " says one insider .
James ' chief flunky is Matthew Anderson , the overly aggressive and scheming flack that James brought on board in the wake of Chernin 's departure to help grease the skids for his ascension , who demands that talking points and briefings be prepared for his boss to engage in the most casual conversations .
The Meddling Wife
To mix Shakespearean metaphors , Murdoch 's second third wife Wendi Deng is the Lady Macbeth of his kingdom .
Obsessed with Hollywood glitz and eager to raise her profile as a mogul 's wife — and harboring ambitions of her own as a potential power player in her husband 's model — Deng floats among News Corp .'s properties , dabbling in films and even maintaining an office at MySpace at one point ( she 's still involved with MySpace 's operations in China ) .
She briefly partnered with the wife of former MGM chairman Harry Sloan on a movie starring her friend Zhang Ziyi — the star of Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon — before the project fell through .
Deng 's social ambition is gargantuan , and she is cultivating a mogul 's wives sewing circle including Anne Wojcicki , the wife of Google co-founder Sergei Brin and Ivanka Trump .
The Rogue Knight
Roger Ailes ' Fox News brings in $ 700 million in annual profit to News Corp. , and was the only reason the company made money last year .
But the festival of white rage that Ailes has unleashed to bring those dollars in has put Murdoch in an awkward position with the White House — a place he never likes to be , politics aside .
The tension between profit and access blew up last month in a bizarre New York Times story featuring Ailes banging his dick on the table about how successful he 's been and Matthew Freud , Elizabeth Murdoch 's husband , delivering a pointed attack on Fox News ' " horrendous and sustained disregard of the journalistic standards . "
It 's unclear where Murdoch stands on Fox News , aside from the fact that he loves money .
Insiders say it was none other than Wendi Deng and James Murdoch who arranged for the Times ' Tim Arango to talk to Freud for that story , meaning Murdoch 's closest family members are plotting against his biggest earner .
Add to those the mess at the New York Post , which is facing a rash of lawsuits exposing the foul racism and sexism that editor Col Allan has fostered , and the boondoggle of MySpace , which Murdoch bought for $ 580 million in 2006 only to watch it get demolished by Facebook .
Murdoch is a vile man , who has done vile things .
It 's fitting that the black empire he built so efficiently over the course of his life should begin to fray at the end of his reign .
But it 's still kind of sad .
Advertisement
1. Pink , “ Stupid Girls ”
Pink has made a career out of working just far enough outside the pop-tartlet mold that she can make fun of the Britney Spearses and Jessica Simpsons of the world while remaining marketable to the exact same audience .
Take her hit single “ Stupid Girls , ” which uses annoying L.A. starlet indicators like “ itsy - bitsy doggies ” and blonde hair as an excuse to indulge in some girl - on - girl hate , including an ugly interlude where she mocks bulimia .
While in theory the song ’s message about being yourself and avoiding destructive superficiality is admirable , it ’s distressingly black - and - white and dismissive : Girls are either smart or stupid , girly or tomboy - ish , and those who do n’t fit Pink ’s mold of “ feminism ” should be derided .
2. John Lennon and The Plastic Ono Band , “ Woman Is The Nigger Of The World ”
Though there ’s something to be said for the incendiary spirit of a title like “ Woman Is The Nigger Of The World , ” the song — released in 1972 during the height of the women ’s - lib movement — fails to deliver any real punch .
It ’s a dangerous statement to make , equating women ’s status worldwide to slavery , nesting white women in the violence of the civil - rights movement , and suggesting an unconstructive who - suffers - more battle between blacks and women , but there ’s potential merit in the comparison as well .
The song was written , John Lennon said on The Dick Cavett Show , following a couple of years of introspection about his own chauvinistic ways .
Ono ’s titular statement kept playing in his head , so they laid down a track , but instead of focusing on women ’s plight worldwide , which might start to justify his calling woman “ the slave of slaves , ” the drippy , meandering song focuses more on middle - class woes .
( “ We make her bear and raise our children / And then we leave her flat for being a fat old mother hen , ” etc . )
The title got the song banned , but the song itself is vanilla .
3. Shania Twain , “ Man ! I Feel Like A Woman ! ”
The boilerplate “ Let ’s let our hair down and go crazy ! ” rah-rah message of Shania Twain ’s 1997 hit “ Man ! I Feel Like A Woman ! ” is so bland and uninspired it ’s practically nonexistent ; it ’s basically a jingle for lady razors extended over three and a half minutes .
The fact that Twain ’s version of female rebellion involves coloring her hair , talking loudly , and going out dancing with her friends raises the question of what sort of imaginary , Victorian - era standards she thinks she ’s rebelling against .
Then there ’s the video , which “ subverts ” Robert Palmer ’s unapologetically leering “ Addicted To Love ” video by swapping out a snappily dressed Palmer singing in front of a harem of hyper - sexualized models for a hyper - sexualized Twain in front of a band of goofy - looking male models , all of whom are wearing more clothing than she is .
It is n’t that Twain ’s sexualization or message are objectionable , it ’s that they ’re pandering and banal , diluting whatever good intentions the song had into an easy - to - swallow mush .
4. Geri Halliwell , “ Bag It Up ”
In “ Bag It Up , ” Geri Halliwell suffers from “ a bad case of opposite sex . ”
Of course , this requires her to do housework in a nightie while her bored partner watches TV and she pouts for his attention .
The song and video are a glorious clusterfuck that take cues from Paula Abdul ’s “ Opposites Attract ” and Gentlemen Prefer Blondes ’ “ Diamonds Are A Girl ’s Best Friend , ” transforming the positive message of girl power into something called girl powder , a magical mix reminiscent of laundry detergent that , when delivered to a man , tricks him into doing things like vacuuming and waiting hand and foot on women .
“ Treat him like a lady , ” Halliwell instructs from her Girl Powder factory of playboy - bunny male pole - dancers .
Because it is n’t that the roles that need to change ; they just need to be reversed .
5. Christina Aguilera ft. Lil’ Kim , “ Ca n’t Hold Us Down ”
Released at the height of Christina Aguilera ’s dirrrty Stripped phase — a.k.a.
The Assless Chaps Years — “ Ca n’t Hold Us Down ” is actually one of her better songs , a girl - power duet with Lil ’ Kim confronting the double standard of female sexuality .
But once David LaChapelle ’s video gets factored in , the medium swallows the message .
Clad in a tube top and the faintest wisp of a pair of shorts , Aguilera pops her booty , humps a fire hose , and generally demands respect as she engages in a sexy yet empowering water fight .
The fact that Aguilera ’s supposed control over her own sexual image is in fact helmed by a male director raises icky male - gaze issues , but beyond that , it glosses over the fact that there are in fact stops on the female - sexuality spectrum between “ burka - clad ” and “ dripping - wet stripper chic . ”
6. Eurythmics & Aretha Franklin , “ Sisters Are Doin ’ It For Themselves ”
This danceable , boisterous neo -soul anthem seems like a perfect ’ 80s feminist anthem :
It ’s big , brassy , and performed by two women with a lot of experience defying female stereotypes : Annie Lennox , who wrote the lyrics , and Aretha Franklin .
But while the song was intended to “ celebrate the conscious liberation of the female state , ” it traffics in clichés about women as much as it disproves them .
Women are “ comin ’ out of the kitchen ” to tout their “ new exterior , ” as if feminism was a shiny paint job .
Praising women for being doctors and lawyers is a compliment that came a good 50 years too late even in 1985 .
And the fact that women are “ politicians , too ” may not strike some people as much of a great leap forward .
The most damning lyric comes in the bridge , though , which seems designed to put the men ’s minds at ease : “ We ai n’t makin ’ stories and we ai n’t layin ’ plans ” — do n’t worry , fellas , we are n’t plotting anything crazy !
“ A man still loves a woman and a woman still loves a man . ”
No lesbians here , guys .
Rest easy .
7. Aretha Franklin , “ ( You Make Me Feel Like ) A Natural Woman ”
Though Aretha Franklin ’s feminist credentials are impeccable , she ’s a repeat offender on this list .
“ ( You Make Me Feel Like ) A Natural Woman ” is a great song , but it ’s been widely embraced as an earthy pro-female anthem , and it ’s hard to see why .
Not only was it commissioned by Jerry Wexler as an afterthought companion piece to a song he ’d thought up about a “ natural man , ” but also it ’s a strange self - esteem builder for women .
“ Your love was the key to my peace of mind ” is n’t exactly the best message for independence - minded girls , nor is the notion that the singer ’s boyfriend is the only thing she ’s living for .
There ’s nothing wrong with the message “ Hey , thanks for the awesome orgasm , ” as messages go , but as a feminist statement of purpose , it ’s a bit lacking .
8. Sheena Easton , “ Strut ”
From the lyrics , Sheena Easton ’s 1984 “ Strut ” reads as a suggestive yet empowering slap back against piggish men .
A man tries to convince a woman to get naked by telling her he ’s paying her the ultimate compliment : that she ’s so good at sex , it should be her job .
Easton takes him to task for objectifying women and being a lazy lover to boot .
However , the song ’s video undercuts the message , since Easton does exactly what she complains her man expects of women : strutting and pouting .
[ pagebreak ]
9. Meredith Brooks , “ Bitch ”
Things Meredith Brooks is , according to the hit song from her 1997 album Blurring The Edges : bitch , lover , child , mother , sinner , saint , your health , your dream , nothing in between , tease , goddess , angel undercover .
In her quest to make “ bitch ” the “ nigga ” for post - Alanis pop-femmes , Brooks attempts to lay out the many aspects of her ( and , by extension , women ’s ) identity , only to make herself sound like a totally self - involved flake : “ Rest assured that when I start to make you nervous and I ’m going to extremes / Tomorrow I will change , and today wo n’t mean a thing . ”
A dismissive fratboy could n’t have put it better himself if he ’d just said , “ Someone ’s on the rag ! ”
10 . Amy Grant , “ Hats ”
Meredith Brooks is n’t the only one worked up about women playing multiple roles like mother and lover .
In “ Hats , ” Amy Grant leans on hats as a tired metaphor for various aspects of a woman ’s life .
The result is a hysterical ( in both senses ) number from 1991 ’s Heart In Motion — a horns - blasting , jazzy romp whose backup singers hiss “ Hatsss ! ” at Grant while she throatily catalogues her day as an everywoman .
There ’s no choice for Grant — it is n’t that she has so many hats to choose from , it ’s that this newfangled feminism is forcing her to wear all of them at once .
She has to put on a “ breakfast show ” and don a “ red dress ” and go “ workin ’ through the night . ”
Any attempt to address work - life balance or how she ’s juggling a burgeoning pop career while tending to a family is lost in ridiculous pop-jazz antics as she shouts “ Well it do n’t stop / No it ’s never gonna stop /
Why do I have to wear so many things on my head ? / Hats ! ”
Advertisement
11 . Bikini Kill , “ Alien She ”
While Kathleen Hanna is known for writing some of the edgiest , angriest , pro-grrrl anthems as the leader of Bikini Kill and Le Tigre , occasionally her wholly justifiable rage has taken a header over the cliff .
One such song is Bikini Kill ’s “ Alien She . ”
After referring to herself and an embarrassingly femme girlfriend — or is it the two hemispheres of her warring psyche ?— as
“ Siamese twins connected at the cunt , ” she castigates her softer half by saying , “ She wants me to go to the mall / She wants me to put the pretty , pretty lipstick on /
She wants me to be like her / I want to kill her . ”
While Hanna ’s brutal , graphic honesty is bracing , “ Alien She ” ends up sounding more self - loathing and off - putting than empowering .
12 . Anti-Flag , “ Feminism Is For Everybody ( With A Beating Heart And A Functioning Brain ) ”
You have to hand it to Anti-Flag ; in spite of the glaring handicap of its name , which became even more toxic post 9/11 , the well - meaning punk band has done its best to raise the overall social awareness of teenagers in bondage pants .
But the group ’s “ Feminism Is For Everybody ” — named after the book by noted feminist bell hooks — is hard to take seriously .
Most cringe - worthy is the chorus and its meaty , testosterone - soaked cry , “ This is what a feminist looks like ! /
This is what a feminist sounds like ! ”
Even worse , though , is the end of the song , where the lyrics turn into an anti-homophobe screed — which unwittingly reinforces the stereotype that feminism necessarily equals lesbianism .
13 . James Brown , “ It ’s A Man ’s Man ’s Man ’s World ”
James Brown has held many titles , like The Godfather Of Soul , the hardest - working man in show business , and Soul Brother Number One , but no one would ever put Trailblazing Feminist on his résumé .
Still , there ’s a stirring consciousness lurking underneath his 1966 hit , “ It ’s A Man ’s Man ’s Man ’s World . ”
Co-written by Brown backup singer Betty Jean Newsome , the song itself seems built on egalitarianism .
And while the lyrics are decidedly pro-woman —
“ He would n’t be nothing , nothing , without a woman or a girl , ” Brown seethes — the rest of the song is a laundry list of inventions and contributions to culture devised by men .
Brown ’s heart may have been in the right place , but it ’s possible that the release of “ Man ’s World ” set women ’s rights back at least a couple weeks .
14 . Chaka Khan , “ I ’m Every Woman ”
Chaka Khan ’s 1978 disco track “ I ’m Every Woman ” was her first solo hit , and her proclamation of emancipation from her old group , Rufus .
The soaring chorus is enough to put any feminist ’s fist in the air , but a closer look at the verses reveals a less enlightened idea behind the song : “ Anything you want done , baby / I ’ll do it naturally , ” sings Khan .
“ Anytime you feel danger or fear , instantly I will appear . ”
The kicker , though , is the final verse , in which the budding diva promises her man , “ I ai n’t bragging , ’ cause I ’m the one / You just ask me , and it shall be done . ”
By calling herself “ every woman , ” she ’s more or less saying that pleasing and placating men is about the highest calling a woman can follow — and the one men will always value most .
15 - 16 .
Beyoncé , “ Single Ladies ” and “ If I Were A Boy ”
Beyoncé Knowles ’ fierce - and - fabulous routine sometimes goes awry as she takes on the opposite sex , but rarely does it go as thematically wrong as it does with the mega- hit “ Single Ladies ( Put A Ring On It ) . ”
It ’s intended as a sassy slap in the face for men who do n’t commit , and the lyrics have a definite girl - power slam , as Beyoncé reclaims her right to flirt , have fun , and find a lover who ’s more devoted than the last one .
But at the same time , there ’s that awful chorus , title , and hook , all of which are focused on that all - important wedding ring , and the myths that surround it — for instance , that Beyoncé is just a passive “ it ” that can be claimed with a ring , and that even if the relationship is already bad , that ring has the talismanic power to guarantee a happy ending .
Not to mention the idea that a ring will give the unnamed man in the story sole , permanent possession of “ it , ” since he ’s basically just planting his flag in his claimed territory .
Beyoncé goes a little deeper into sexual politics with “ If I Were A Boy , ” which briefly plays with the Tootsie / Mrs. Doubtfire theme that someone swapping genders might bring in a fresh perspective and a sense of self - awareness , and consequently be a better person than natural - born members of the target gender .
At the same time , it ’s a soppy wallow in whiny self - pity and broad stereotyping , as Beyoncé mournfully alternates between yearning to be a boy so she can do a better job of it than her man did , and musing that she ’d like to be male so that she , too , can enjoy being a self - absorbed , shallow , self - pleasing piece of shit .
17 . Alicia Keys , “ A Woman ’s Worth ”
There ’s a whole school of modern pop and rap about self - worth , in which men largely talk about how they ’re so awesome that women should give up their bodies , and women largely talk about how they ’re so awesome that men should give up their wallets .
Alicia Keys ’ “ A Woman ’s Worth ” falls squarely in the latter camp .
Sure , it ’s a brash , confident statement about how valuable good women are , and how if they do n’t get the love , attention , and time they deserve in a relationship , they ’re justified in heading out the door .
But it ’s also a crass cash - grab .
Because you know what a good woman is worth ?
Diamonds , pearls , and a cruise around the world .
Then Keys enthuses , “ If you treat me fairly , I ’ll give you all my goods , ” and she does n’t seem to be talking about the jewelry she was just given .
In fact , complete sexual surrender in exchange for mere tepid “ fair ” treatment seems a little imbalanced .
And what are listeners to make of the repeated line “ A real woman knows a real man always comes first ” ?
Either as a sexual statement or as a political one , that ’s pretty dubious as anything but a promise that “ a woman ’s worth ” is still a good deal less than a man’s .
Macs are often the black sheep in the many enterprise environments which have been dominated by Windows for nearly two decades , but the growing consumerization of IT is slowly changing that perception .
Though Macs often have a higher up - front price than many business - class PCs , Macs are usually believed to have a lower total cost of ownership ( TCO ) due to lower support costs .
A recent survey of IT professionals in large enterprise environments that have a mix of Macs and PCs overwhelmingly agree that Macs cost less than PCs to support .
The Enterprise Desktop Alliance , which seeks to make it easier to integrate Macs in Windows - centric IT deployments , surveyed IT admins from companies that made large deployments , including universities and government agencies .
Responses included in EDA 's analysis include those from environments with a mix of Macs and PCs that had a total of 50 servers or over 100 Macs .
A majority of respondents said that Macs cost less in terms of time spent troubleshooting , user training , help desk calls , and system configuration .
Admins generally agreed that costs related to software licensing and supporting infrastructure were the same between the two platforms .
Two - thirds of those managing mixed environments plan to increase the number of Macs deployed in 2010 .
Twenty - nine percent cited lower TCO as a " key reason " for deploying Macs .
Almost half cited lower TCO , ease of support , or a combination of the two as leading factors in Mac adoption .
User preference and increased productivity were considered important factors as well .
" As a greater percentage of enterprise applications become OS - neutral , the cost to support a more diverse hardware and OS mix will decrease , making Macs a more viable choice for a greater number of users who continue to demand them , " noted Michael Silver , vice president and research director at Gartner , in a recent report on PC trends .
Macs tend to be popular among C - level execs , as well as with those in creative departments and developers ( especially cross- platform developers ) .
Apple has historically done little to actively develop a traditional strategy to target enterprise deployment .
Instead , the company tends to focus on consumers first , and lets individuals drive enterprise demand for its computers and mobile devices .
It does , though , make continual small improvements that make it easier to integrate Macs , iPhones , and soon iPads into many corporate environments .
The Pentagon wants $ 33 billion in additional funding to pay for the war in Afghanistan this year and train the Afghan military , but members of Congress want to make sure they ’re not writing a blank check .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton appeared before Senate appropriators to defend the war supplemental , which is on top of the $ 708 billion baseline budget submitted to Congress in February .
Most of the war supplemental – a separate account used to pay for war costs – will pay for Afghanistan operations .
Of that , $ 2.6 billion is to train the Afghan national security force , seen as a long - term endeavor that Congress worries could become a burden over time .
When can US forces leave ?
“ The question is , how long is that going to have to continue to the point where we can kind of say we ’ve done our thing , ” asked Sen. George Voinovich ( R ) of Ohio .
“ Five years , ten years , 15 years ? ”
That question is atop many lawmakers minds as they consider what the Obama administration has said from the start will take years to accomplish .
The Iraq security forces , now nearly 665,000 strong , took at least six years to build .
But Iraq had more resources , and American trainers were already working within a culture in which a formal military existed under Sadaam Hussein .
Afghanistan ’s modern history has never had a formal military structure , and there are even fewer resources in Afghanistan to support one .
Despite contributions from NATO countries , that still leaves the US holding much of the bag when it comes to training the Afghan indigenous force .
While President Obama has pledged to begin removing American troops from Afghanistan in 2011 , the training mission will likely continue long after that .
“ We are in this intense phase that will be several years , ” Ms. Clinton said in answer to Mr. Voinovich ’s question .
“ Obviously , I do n’t know that either of us could put a timeline on it .
What we ’re trying to do simultaneously is clear territory from the Taliban , be able to work more closely with the Afghan army , and at the same time create more capacity . ”
Although NATO allies contribute to the training effort – Germany , for example , the third largest contributor of forces to Afghanistan , is almost uniquely charged with training operations in the north – the US will shoulder much of the burden for the long - term .
US commanders concerned about Afghan forces
“ I know many of you have concerns about the Afghan security forces , ” Mr. Gates said in his opening statement .
“ I share those concerns , as do our military commanders . ”
Gates noted that the Afghan army has made “ real progress ” over the last year , and that many Afghan soldiers are making enormous sacrifices for their country .
But Gates emphasized that the US can get out of Afghanistan faster if the training piece of the mission is done right , and that will likely take time .
And while much praise goes to the Afghan army , the police force – seen as widely corrupt – will be a much harder fix .
“ As you consider this request , I would emphasize that successfully accomplishing the training mission represents both our exit strategy and the key for long - term stability in Afghanistan , ” Gates said .
But as a reminder of the cost of training indigenous militaries , the $ 33 billion funding request includes $ 1 billion still needed to strengthen Iraqi security forces , a force many consider to be all but fully trained as the US prepares to remove all its combat forces by August .
Gates said the money will help to “ ensure that the Iraqis are fully prepared to assume internal security responsibilities . ”
" Chris Hecker 's rant about finishing your game seemed great until several years went by and he was the only one who had n't finished his game . "
Christopher Whitman
My rant at the 2010 Game Developers Conference was titled Please Finish Your Game .
A gentleman in the audience [ 1 ] was nice enough to video [ 2 ] it for me :
At the start , we present Heather Chaplin with the Duct Tape Award for her awesome 2009 rant .
She could n't make it to the GDC this year , so she sent me a video of her acceptance speech .
My rant is about how I 'm worried about the fixation on development time these days , both in the indie community , and in corporate games .
On the corporate side , I reference this article where Kojima says " There is no greater crime as a game developer [ than to slip once you 've announced your ship date ] . "
I dunno , I think shipping a bad game is a greater crime , not to mention killing your employees , or a whole bunch of other things I can think of .
There 's the famous Miyamoto quote :
A delayed game is eventually good , a bad game is bad forever .
I 'm much more aligned with that statement . [ 3 ]
On the indie side , I worry about the fixation on game jams and compos , for which I feel at least partially responsible .
I also talk about Cactus in the rant , using his page with all of his zillions of games listing their development times .
I want to be clear , I think Cactus is really cool and creative , and I 'm insanely jealous of his productivity .
But , I do worry about him and a lot of these younger indies , and if I had an orbital mind control laser , I would use it occasionally to make these guys more deeply explore some of the awesome mechanics they discover with their quick prototypes .
See below for my discussion of this topic with Cactus himself .
I use the example of Braid versus a giant pile of the Indie Game Jam games , and I think Braid has more value because it explores its mechanic to the depth the mechanic deserves .
I strongly feel that game mechanics have a kind of natural depth and value , and it is our duty as developers to follow a mechanic to its logical and aesthetic extent .
I hope to dive to these same levels of depth with SpyParty .
I should point out explicitly , as a post at ludumdare.com mentioned , that sometimes ideas will come from jams .
This is totally true and is a great thing , I just want people to take the ideas that are worth pursuing , and actually pursue them further .
SpyParty was actually an idea from Indie Game Jam 4 [ 4 ] that I did n't quite get working at the jam , but that I felt was strong enough to spend ( a lot ) more time on .
I also use Spore as an example of how it's not time - on - task that 's important , it 's exploring the mechanic .
I think Spore failed to fully explore the mechanic of what we called editor consequence , and even though I worked on that game for six years , I would have worked on it longer if we could have made it the game it should have been .
It 's about depth , not time invested .
I end the talk with the following statement :
We need more depth and understanding .
We do n't need more wacky ideas and shallow games shipped on time .
Of course , I think wacky ideas are great , but I do n't think there 's a shortage of them in the game industry right now , while there is a shortage of games that explore ideas deeply .
A Conversation with Cactus
After the rant I wanted to check in with Cactus , since I was n't able to clear it with him before I went on stage .
A good and thoughtful thread resulted , and I 've included it here , with permission .
Date : Mon , 15 Mar 2010 11:48:25 - 0700 From : checker To : cactus Subject : rant
Is this your email still ?
I put up the video , with a quick note about how much I love you :
http://chrishecker.com/Please_Finish_Your_Game
Let me know what you think .
Chris Date : Wed , 17 Mar 2010 06:52:49 +0100 Subject : RE : rant From : cactus To : checker Hey Chris !
I like your rant , and I 'm not offended by it , but you did misinterpret one thing .
My intention of mentioning the development time for the games I make is not to brag or show people that games can be done in a small amount of time .
It 's because I know that many of the games could be a lot better if I did put more time into making them .
Thus explaining that I only spent X amount of time is rather meant to be apologetic .
I wish I could spend at least a few months on each of my games , but then I 'd have to sacrifice a lot of ideas , and it's hard to choose what ideas to prioritize over others .
( I also think most game developers have a hard time working for a long time on the same game without growing increasingly tired of it , but that 's another story )
So , essentially I do agree that it would be preferable if people did try to explore their game ideas to the full extent they deserve to be explored .
But I think very few game developers are able to do this .
Braid and Portal are the only two titles that comes to mind when I try to think of games that do or come close to doing this .
And in the end I also feel that Braid outweighs a hundred semi-interesting experiments .
However I think the choice is not seeing a hundred ( or a thousand ) semi-interesting experiments released or a new Braid , but rather seeing these short games released or not released , in which case I prefer to see these games available for others to be inspired by .
Thank you for taking the time to e-mail me about this , though !
- Jonatan Date : Tue , 16 Mar 2010 23:26:11 - 0700 From : checker To : cactus Subject : Re : rant
Hey there , thanks for the thoughtful mail !
I did n't actually think you were bragging with the dev time on your page , I should maybe point that out in my article .
However , you do inspire a lot of indies to try to get stuff done quickly ... you 're kind of a god to a lot those folks .
With great power comes great responsibility , and all that .
>
So , essentially I do agree that it would be preferable if people did > try to explore their game ideas to the full extent they deserve to be > explored .
But I think very few game developers are able to do this .
I think this is true , to a point .
Or , at least , I think a lot of developers do n't know how to do it , it 's not that they can't .
I do agree that I 'd rather see the small games than not see the small games , but I do n't think it has to be a choice like that .
I think there 's a talent part of doing things like Braid and Portal , for sure , but there 's also an ass - in - chair endurance aspect that is hugely important too .
Even Jon freely admits this for Braid .
Chris Date : Wed , 17 Mar 2010 07:42:35 +0100 From : cactus To : checker Subject : RE : rant Yeah , I think a lot of people misinterprets the devtime aspect on my page .
It certainly is n't clarified anywhere .
I do think that talent is a major aspect of Braid and Portal , but even more so is that the developers have been very insightful about how they chose to make their games .
When I make games it 's often easy for me to confuse exploring the interesting aspects of the game with just tacking on irrelevant features and new mechanics that just end up side tracking the game instead of making it a deeper exploration of the concept .
I think this holds true for many indie developers , especially anyone who would look up to me .
At the same time I guess it 's not exactly impossible to sit down and think through each design decision before you completely derail , but it 's hard to decide if the game you 're working on really deserves that much hard work or not .
- Jonatan Date : Tue , 16 Mar 2010 23:52:44 - 0700 From : checker To : cactus Subject : Re : rant >
When I make games it 's often easy for me to confuse exploring the > interesting aspects of the game with just tacking on irrelevant > features and new mechanics that just end up side tracking the game > instead of making it a deeper exploration of the concept .
Yeah , Jon and I have talked about this aspect a bunch .
He was even saying he thought my rant should have gone into more detail about how to do this , but it 's hard in that format .
Maybe we 'll write something up in more detail .
> but it's hard to decide if the game you 're working on really > deserves that much hard work or not .
Yeah , there 's a significant aspect of " gut feeling " in play here , but I think it 's possible to nurture this .
The Halo Sniper Rifle talk at GDC was about this , partially , and the speaker Jaime Griesemer spent a bunch of time talking about how to cultivate that gut instinct for tuning , but I think it 's also possible for judging game mechanics to some extent .
I think playtesting is important here , too .
Chris
Related : The Depth Jam
There was not as much mainstream coverage of the rant session this year , but I did find these pages discussing the rant :
http://tigsource.com/articles/2010/03/24/gdc-2010-please-finish-your-game
There 's a great comment thread on this post .
In it , I talk about the difference between " finishing " and " Finishing " , which I think is a nice but completely vague way of summing up what I 'm talking about here .
There 's a great comment thread on this post .
In it , I talk about the difference between " finishing " and " Finishing " , which I think is a nice but completely vague way of summing up what I 'm talking about here .
TigRadio#11
Farbs and others talk about the rant starting at 5:00 .
I talked to Farbs about the rant last year , before it was fully formed , and I claimed his game ROM CHECK FAIL could have gone way deeper in the sense that I talk about above .
He pointed out that there is a , uh , slight licensing issue with the game which makes it difficult to rationalize putting in more effort , which I had n't thought of , but I do think this is an example of a really interesting idea for a mechanic that is n't explored as deeply as it could have been .
Farbs and others talk about the rant starting at 5:00 .
I talked to Farbs about the rant last year , before it was fully formed , and I claimed his game ROM CHECK FAIL could have gone way deeper in the sense that I talk about above .
He pointed out that there is a , uh , slight licensing issue with the game which makes it difficult to rationalize putting in more effort , which I had n't thought of , but I do think this is an example of a really interesting idea for a mechanic that is n't explored as deeply as it could have been .
http://www.joystiq.com/2010/03/15/gdc-recently-laid-off-developers-rant-about-being-laid-off/
http://www.ludumdare.com/compo/2010/03/15/chris-hecker-on-jams-and-compos/
http://www.gamedev.net/columns/events/gdc2010/article.asp?id=1814
http://www.glorioustrainwrecks.com/node/1110
http://rampantgames.com/blog/?p=101
http://experiencepoints.blogspot.com/2010/03/exp-podcast-69-finish-line.html
This is a podcast with the creator of Trauma , and apparently they discuss my rant , but I have n't listened to it yet .
This is a podcast with the creator of Trauma , and apparently they discuss my rant , but I have n't listened to it yet .
http://braid-game.com/news/?p=681
Jonathan posts about Everyday Genius : SquareLogic , and mentions my rant and how this game does the kind of exploration we 're talking about .
Jonathan posts about Everyday Genius : SquareLogic , and mentions my rant and how this game does the kind of exploration we 're talking about .
http://www.escapistmagazine.com/articles/view/conferences/gdc2010/7294-Ensemble-Studio-Member-Blames-Crunch-For-Failure
This one does n't talk about my rant , but does mention the rant session and Paul Bettner 's rant about Ensemble and crunch .
This one does n't talk about my rant , but does mention the rant session and Paul Bettner 's rant about Ensemble and crunch .
A short interview with Bennett Foddy about CLOP
I comment on his gross misrepresentation of my good advice .
Rollende Geschäfte Metzger , Banker , Keksverkäufer
Gebeine auf dem Gepäckträger , Sitzbänke überm Kopf und Styropor in überdimensionalen Plastik - oder Stoffsäcken : Die Galerie der erstaunlichen Lademeister läuft immer wieder zu neuer Größe auf .
Zwei Räder reichen fürs Transportgeschäft , bessere Balance bieten drei .
Quantum information is the physics of knowledge .
To be more specific , the field of quantum information studies the implications that quantum mechanics has on the fundamental nature of information .
By studying this relationship between quantum theory and information , it is possible to design a new type of computer — a quantum computer .
A largescale , working quantum computer — the kind of quantum computer some scientists think we might see in 50 years — would be capable of performing some tasks impossibly quickly .
To date , the two most promising uses for such a device are quantum search and quantum factoring .
To understand the power of a quantum search , consider classically searching a phonebook for the name which matches a particular phone number .
If the phonebook has 10,000 entries , on average you 'll need to look through about half of them — 5,000 entries — before you get lucky .
A quantum search algorithm only needs to guess 100 times .
With 5,000 guesses a quantum computer could search through a phonebook with 25 million names .
Although quantum search is impressive , quantum factoring algorithms pose a legitimate , considerable threat to security .
This is because the most common form of Internet security , public key cryptography , relies on certain math problems ( like factoring numbers that are hundreds of digits long ) being effectively impossible to solve .
Quantum algorithms can perform this task exponentially faster than the best known classical strategies , rendering some forms of modern cryptography powerless to stop a quantum codebreaker .
Quantum computers are fundamentally different from classical computers because the physics of quantum information is also the physics of possibility .
Classical computer memories are constrained to exist at any given time as a simple list of zeros and ones .
In contrast , in a single quantum memory many such combinations — even all possible lists of zeros and ones — can all exist simultaneously .
During a quantum algorithm , this symphony of possibilities split and merge , eventually coalescing around a single solution .
The complexity of these large quantum states made of multiple possibilities make a complete description of quantum search or factoring a daunting task .
Rather than focusing on these large systems , therefore , the goal of this article is to describe the most fundamental , the most intriguing , and the most disturbing consequences of quantum information through an in - depth description of the smallest quantum systems .
By learning how to think about the smallest quantum computers , it becomes possible to get a feeling for how and why larger quantum computers are so powerful .
To that end , this article is divided into three parts :
Single qubits .
The quantum bit , or qubit , is the simplest unit of quantum information .
We look at how single qubits are described , how they are measured , how they change , and the classical assumptions about reality that they force us to abandon .
Pairs of qubits .
The second section deals with two - qubit systems , and more importantly , describes what two - qubit systems make possible : entanglement .
The crown jewel of quantum mechanics , the phenomenon of entanglement is inextricably bound to the power of quantum computers .
Quantum physics 101 .
The first two sections will focus on the question of how qubits work , avoiding the related question of why they work they way they do .
Here we take a crash course in qualitative quantum theory , doing our best to get a look at the man behind the curtain .
The only prerequisites for this course are a little courage and a healthy willingness to ignore common sense .
Single qubits
Bits , either classical or quantum , are the simplest possible units of information .
They are oracle - like objects that , when asked a question ( i.e. , when measured ) , can respond in one of only two ways .
Measuring a bit , either classical or quantum , will result in one of two possible outcomes .
At first glance , this makes it sound like there is no difference between bits and qubits .
In fact , the difference is not in the possible answers , but in the possible questions .
For normal bits , only a single measurement is permitted , meaning that only a single question can be asked :
Is this bit a zero or a one ?
In contrast , a qubit is a system which can be asked many , many different questions , but to each question , only one of two answers can be given .
This bizarre behavior is the very essence of quantum mechanics , and the goal of this section is to explain both the bounds that quantum theory places on such an object and the consequences that such bounds have for our classical assumptions .
Given how counterintuitive this behavior seems , I will first explain in some detail how polarized light provides the perfect example of a qubit .
Using a little light , some polarized sunglasses , and a 3D screening of " Avatar , " I 'll use that specific example to describe how all single - qubit states can be thought of as points on or inside a sphere , and finally how the fundamental operations of quantum measurement , rotation , and decoherence can be visualized and understood using that sphere .
Before continuing , I should define a word that I 'll be using frequently : state .
A system 's state is a complete description of that system ; every system ( including a single qubit ) is in a particular state , and any systems that would behave completely identically are said to have the same state .
Classical bits , therefore , are always in one of exactly two states , " zero " or " one . "
With that out of the way , our first step is to find an object which always gives one of exactly two answers , but which can be measured in many different ways .
Here 's where you 're going to need those polarized sunglasses .
Polarized sunglasses are different from normal sunglasses because they are designed to block the glare from horizontal surfaces , like a long stretch of desert highway or the surface of a lake on a sunny day .
How do they work ?
Light is in fact made of photons — the smallest indivisible unit of light — and every photon creates a tiny , oscillating electric field as it travels .
Light from the sun ( and most other sources of light ) is composed of photons oscillating in all sorts of directions .
However , light which is reflected off a horizontal surface ( like glare off a lake ) will become horizontally polarized .
When the light reaches the sunglasses , the photons are either transmitted or absorbed .
If a photon 's electric field oscillates horizontally , polarized sunglasses absorb it .
If it oscillates vertically , it will pass right through the same sunglasses .
These polarized lenses provide our first example of a quantum measurement , as they show a way to distinguish between horizontally polarized and vertically polarized photons ( based on which gets transmitted and which gets absorbed ) .
They can , of course , be used to ask a different question ( make a different measurement ) if they are tilted .
By tilting your head 90 degrees , you make a measurement which is the opposite of the first , as the sunglasses transmit all of the glare you were trying to avoid .
By tilting your head 45 degrees to one side ( diagonally ) or the other side ( antidiagonally ) , they will transmit only half the glare .
Does this mean that the types of questions you can ask are limited to the angles at which you can tilt your head ?
That may seem reasonable , but if you went to see the 3D showing of Avatar , you might have guessed that this is n't true .
In order to create the illusion of three - dimensional objects on a two - dimensional screen , movie theaters need to control exactly which photons go to each of your eyes .
For decades , this was done using color .
( Remember the 3D glasses with one red lens and one blue lens ? )
To get full - color 3D , we need another way to control which photons go in which eye .
Once again there are only two answers — absorbed or transmitted — so we need new questions .
You do n't want the entire movie to change when you tilt your head , so using horizontally and vertically polarized lenses is out .
Likewise , diagonally and antidiagonally polarized lenses wo n't work .
( Test this out in a 3D movie — tilting your head wo n't ruin the effect . )
The solution is something completely different , called circular polarization .
The two lenses in modern 3D glasses each ask the question , is an incoming photon right - circularly polarized or left - circularly polarized ?
Each lens transmits only one of these two types of light ( one of the two answers to the question ) , allowing special projectors ( which transmit the same types of light ) to control what image is seen by each of your eyes , thereby creating the illusion of electric blue warriors riding extra-terrestrial pterodactyls flying off the screen .
If the polarization of a photon is the perfect example of a quantum bit , what can the following three questions / measurments tell us about it ?
Is the polarization horizontal or vertical ?
Is the polarization diagonal or anti-diagonal ?
( In other
words , will it pass through my polarized sunglasses when I
tilt my head forty - five degrees to the left or to the right of
vertical ? )
Is the polarization right - circularly or left - circularly
polarized ?
( In other words , does it pass through the right or
left lens of a pair of 3D glasses ? )
If we performed the measurements that these three questions represent on the horizontally polarized photons generated by highway glare , we would learn that each photon always passes through a horizontal polarizer ( question 1 ) , but has only a 50 % chance of passing through diagonal ( question 2 ) or right - circular polarizers ( question 3 ) .
One of the nice things about being in the science writing business for a while is that , even when the science of a given topic does n't make a whole lot of sense , it at least starts to look familiar .
One of these topics is the arrow of time , which Sean Carroll ( Caltech physicist , not Sean Carroll , Madison biologist ) discussed at AAAS .
Briefly , time 's a bit of an annoyance to physics .
For relativity , time is just another dimension in space - time .
But , as Carroll pointed out , while we often find we 've made a wrong turn and wound up going right when we meant to go left , we never find that we wind up in yesterday .
The panel Carroll organized was about equally divided between physicists who are dealing with time , and people who are working on understanding how different aspects of biology may reflect an arrow of time .
There was also a philosopher of science to tie it all together .
Huw Price of Sydney 's Center for Time mentioned that the consensus of the modern physics community seems to be that an arrow of time is largely illusory .
But Price noted that it was apparently a very persistent illusion , since it was already bothering Arthur Eddington , a physicist who was around for the birth of quantum mechanics .
Eddington had apparently challenged his peers to actually act like it was an illusion , and start writing papers as if time were flowing backwards .
The challenge was widely ignored .
Price suggested that there was evidence that physicists were starting to take Eddington 's challenge bit more seriously , though .
And the physicists in the session went on to prove him right .
( We 've covered an earlier attempt to deal with time 's arrow , for example . )
Time in physics
Carroll set up the problem by noting that , based on thermodynamics alone , we should n't expect that the Universe should be anything more than a momentary dip from maximum entropy .
Unfortunately , that means that anything outside of the room we 're in , and all of past history , is likely to be unreliable , an illusion of our specific entropy dip .
We avoid this thermodynamic awkwardness because the big bang provides us with a low entropy boundary state .
But that creates an issue of something like the anthropic issues associated with our Universe 's particular physics — it seems to grant our particular direction of time a privileged position , as compared to an equally attractive alternative direction .
Physicists , egalitarians that they are , tend to hate indications of privilege .
Carroll , who is a theoretical cosmologist , has been looking for ways to remove our Universe from a privileged position .
The idea he 's currently focusing on is whether a universe that looks much like ours eventually will , given a few hundred billion years — a high entropy state of diffuse cold matter — spawn child universes .
In a universe - sized , high - entropy field , small individual regions will randomly fluctuate into lower entropy .
Carroll thinks it might be possible for these to pinch off from the larger universe , at which point they act as their own , distinct universe .
The temporal direction of these baby universes will be random , making our own Universe 's arrow of time a matter of chance , rather than privilege .
( For those of you who remember our coverage of multiverses from the World Science Festival , we mentioned that Adrei Linde thinks of our Universe as a region in a larger fabric that 's undergoing inflation at different rates .
When I asked , Carroll said that this fabric is already low - entropy , so could be viewed as a process that 's happening within his bubbles of mini-universe . )
Nobel Prize winner Anthony Legett was interested in whether we might already be looking at temporal violations in our own Universe .
His talk was a bit hard to follow , but involved the sorts of experiments that we use to test Bell 's inequalities , which are used to demonstrate how quantum entanglement seems to violate local realism ( information ca n't be transmitted between isolated systems , at least not any more quickly than light can travel between them ) .
Legett is intrigued by a possible alternative interpretation : local realism remains intact , but causality runs into problems .
In this interpretation , when we measure things on one entangled photon , the effect does n't propagate instantaneously across space through some sort of spooky action at a distance .
Instead , it propagates backwards in time , influencing events when the photons are first produced .
Both Carroll and Legett emphasized that they 're a long way from figuring out how to identify tests of their ideas , but either of them would have profound implications for how we view time .
And , in any case , Price ( the philosopher ) is happy that someone is at least taking up Eddington 's challenge .
Time as an evolutionary phenomenon
If physics is n't sure what to make of the arrow of time , biology faces no such issues .
Its foundational theory , evolution , seems to be a one - way street : once something useful evolves , like photosynthesis , there seems to be no going back without sterilizing the planet .
Evolution has also produced brains that seem extremely adept at navigating a world in which time 's arrow is real .
Apparently , at least one physicist , Michael Lässig , has taken note , and is looking into whether we can map evolutionary concepts onto thermodynamics .
From what he can tell , some global measures of fitness always increase , much like entropy .
But , unlike the thermodynamic landscape on which entropy increases , the fitness landscape is always shifting — Lässig suggests that we need to think of it as a seascape , rather than a landscape .
Using the classical population genetics equations , Lässig focused on deriving a figure that he called the fitness flux .
It 's not entirely clear what this is analogous to in the natural world , but , as it appears in the equations , it 's squared , which means that the impact of fitness flux can never be negative .
Lässig argues that this helps drive the system to ever increasing fitness .
He also thinks that it can be measured at the genomic level , as a signal within the background of random base changes in non-conserved sequences .
Time on the brain
If the arrow of time is an illusion , you 'd expect it to reside in the organ where we perceive it : the brain .
And that 's where Kathleen McDermott is looking .
She performs functional MRI imaging , and looks at how the brain handles different points in time .
As she noted , the brain is adept at both remembering detailed scenes of the past and envisioning equally detailed scenes in the hypothetical future .
So , how do these processes differ in terms of brain activity ?
On some levels , they simply do n't .
If you look at the areas that light up when the brain is recalling a past event , they all light up when a future one is imagined , to largely the same levels .
( Imagining the future engages additional areas of the brain , but their levels of activity simply do n't appear to be as high as the activity of the areas involved in memory . )
What 's going on here ?
McDermott said that it appears that people construct future events using familiar people and items drawn out of their memory , and so the process engages the same brain structures that pull those items out when past events are remembered .
To support this claim , she asked subjects to envision both familiar future events , like a New Year 's Eve party , and then imagine themselves in an unfamiliar context — in this case , at a bullfight .
Envisioning the familiar scene engaged the same areas as memory .
The overlap was much , much smaller when the bullfight was envisioned .
So , at least in the brain , the more significant distinction seems to be one between familiar and unfamiliar , not future or past .
Not that this tells us anything about the physics , but it 's still pretty interesting .
MARCH TO SOCIALISM BOTHERING YOU ?
ASK ANY TEACHER
By Rabbi Nachum Shifren
March 24 , 2010
NewsWithViews.com
Dorsey High School is touted by many , with a certain amount of pride , as one of the larger African American campuses in the unwieldy Los Angeles Unified School District .
" Dorsey Pride " is the mantra yelled out at all the football games , and the Dorsey " Dons " are regularly visited by college football scouts for the depth of its football program .
For those of us teachers that remained outside of this sportsman 's Valhalla ( 99 % of us ) , our lot was one of damage control and toeing the line when it came to grading , testing , and dealing with irate coaches whose superheroes dipped below that fatal 2.0 grade point average .
A star halfback was a student in my Spanish class .
He needed a passing grade to remain above that sacred mark of 2.0 .
His problem ?
Essentially , he was unfortunate enough to be one of my students .
In my naivete , I simply gave grades out according to PERFORMANCE .
Sounds logical , right ?
I knew I had a tiger by the tail when I started getting visits by the football coaches ( all 5 of them ) during my lunch break .
" Is n't there any make up work or extra credit he can do ? " was the standard query .
And they no doubt had in mind the standard results of such pressure .
" Well , " I replied , " he has n't been coming to class which is critical for a language class .
Hardly turns in any homework , and does n't participate during our class discussions .
I 've asked him to seek tutoring , and even volunteered to help , but my requests have been ignored .
With all that we are working on , the last thing he needs to do is EXTRA WORK . "
The situation festered , worsened , and the pressure was ratcheted up each passing week .
The coaches begged him to get help , seek tutoring , accept the offers from the teacher for mentoring -- nothing doing .
This was a student that put more faith in his cozy relationship with his girlfriend than in sucking up and getting down to work .
A letter writing campaign ensued , with community " activists " coming out of the woodwork , with hysterical claims that I did n't understand the " culture " of the African American students , and was " insensitive " to their " humanity . "
One malevolent letter sought to shift the blame on me , pointing out the failure of the student being caused by my teaching him " Hebrew " instead of Spanish !
Protocols of the Elders of Zion , LA in - the - hood style !
Advertisement
What ensued next was for me a radical departure from teaching practice and ethics , yet I willingly let this student review the final exam , at home , BEFORE THE FINAL WAS TO BE GIVEN .
I made it clear to the coaches , activists , principal , press , and " multiculturalists " at Dorsey and without , that since the final was cumulative , a passing grade would be considered a passing grade ( " D " grade ) in the final class grade .
No way , no how , unbelievably , the student failed the exam .
He lost his scholarship to USC , and all hell broke out .
If you 're wondering about Obamacare , if you 're scratching your head about the hell - bent march toward Marxism that this country is on , look no further than our schools and the pathetic excuse for what passes for " education . "
WE ARE FRIGGIN BABYSITTERS !
There is nobody to tell the students that they need to turn off their i-tunes , CD's , stop smoking pot or doing drugs , stop gang - banging , stop throwing things at the teacher and fellow students , stop bullying , hitting , intimidating , swearing ... in short , we have lost control of our classrooms and schools .
Now , the educrats and the unions do n't want to let you know what 's going on in the classroom .
But the reality is that we 're setting up our millions of students for a Marxist take - over of our land .
THERE IS SIMPLY NO INITIATIVE , DRIVING IMPULSE TO EXCEL .
We 've defaulted to a " group " mentality , where every student is treated equally .
Nobody can fail , it 's " I'm OK , you 're OK " , and then you graduate .
In all areas of our curricula , it is the patriotic American , the achiever , the doer , the one who is superior and stands out -- he is the problem .
The dumbing down of intellectual endeavor and effort is so pathetic as to nearly guarantee that any babbling demagogue running for office will be acceptable .
And if the person is one of color , the assumption is that that candidate is the better one .
Our students have lost that sensitive consciousness about the value of national freedom and individual liberties .
In short , national survival has been ripped out of their active vocabulary .
Race mongers have infiltrated our schools , seeking to divide us through " multiculturalism " , instead of focusing on building up the INDIVIDUAL , equipping him with the skills needed to be independent .
As a result of the myriad attacks against rugged individualism and hard work based on MERIT , the low level of expectations has produced a generation relishing the " hope and change " of a an ideologue who hates America and is striving to destroy it .
As this new reality settles in and becomes more entrenched , our youth will grow to accept that they can do nothing without the help of government .
This has been , from day one , the goal of Obama .
To cut entrepreneurship and individual performance off at the knees , supplanting it with socialism .
The challenge for America is now twice as difficult as at any time of our history .
We have degraded our schools to such a point that any brute displays of rugged individualism and independent thinking is taken as either racist , culturally " insensitive , " or not pursuant to the needs of the " group " ( sheep ) .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
A football coach buddy of mine was out sick , and it was decided that I would cover his 4th period soccer class .
Out of 60 students , 5 came out of the gym suited and ready to play .
I was incredulous and asked what was up with the rest .
" I do n't like sweating , " one kid whimpered .
" It 's too hot , " cried another .
" We just want to chill . " was the pathetic wining of the BIGGEST KID IN THE CLASS .
You want to know where the acceptance of the first openly Marxist president in America 's history has its deep - rooted support ?
ASK ANY TEACHER !
ï¿½ 2010 Nachum Shifren - All Rights Reserved
Sign Up For Free E-Mail Alerts
Rabbi Shifren is a southern California native .
He graduated from UC Santa Barbara with a degree in Spanish and German literature .
He has been a language teacher in LA City schools since 1992 .
He is also fluent in Hebrew .
Having lived in Israel for nearly a decade , he has been an observer and commentator of developments in Israel , the Israeli and foreign press , and the recent rise of Islamic Jihad .
He is also the dirctor of " surf and soul " surfcamp , where teens learn self - discipline , proper attitude , and physical fitness .
A Malibu surfer since 1962 , he is known universally as the surfing rabbi .
Through his seminars and classes , he has taught thousand the challenge and thrill of wave riding and the postive aspects of the surfing life style .
Rabbi Shifren has declared his candidacy for the Calif .
State Senate in 2010 , and is the only candidate to openly pledge to oppose the advent of Sharia law in the United States .
He is a tireless supporter of individual freedoms and preserving the distinctive greatness of America , her language , and culture .
Known for his no-nonsense approach to education and prison reform , Rabbi Shifren is in his own class of patriotism and staunch conservative values .
Rev. Jesse Lee Petersen said : " If we had 10 more teachers like Rabbi Shifren , we could turn America around tomorrow . "
E- Mail : rabbi.shifren@gmail.com
Website : rabbiforsenate.com /
Review pledged over use of legal high drug mephedrone
Police said the friends had been out drinking on Monday
The legality of the drug mephedrone will be examined " very speedily , very carefully " following the deaths of two teenagers , Lord Mandelson has said .
The business secretary said the government would take " any action " needed to deal with the drug .
Louis Wainwright , 18 , and Nicholas Smith , 19 , died in Scunthorpe on Monday after taking the drug .
Four people have been arrested in connection with the deaths , including two men aged 26 and 20 and a boy of 17 .
The Home Office said it would receive advice from the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) on 29 March .
The ACMD said its chairman , Professor Les Iverson , had discussed mephedrone with Home Secretary Alan Johnson , who had expressed " grave concern " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
It said : " The council has been looking at the dangers of mephedrone , and the related cathinone compounds , as a priority . "
According to BBC home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw , a member of the ACMD , speaking anonymously , said he would be " very surprised " if the council did not make its decision at its next meeting in March .
The council will then report its recommendations to the home secretary .
The ACMD member said there was also " some understanding " of the science behind mephedrone , though it was " far from perfect " .
Lord Mandelson said the government would take " any action that is justified to deal with this and to avert such tragic consequences occurring in the future " .
MEPHEDRONE FACTS
Recreational drug with effects similar to amphetamines and ecstasy Sold as a white powder , also found in capsules and pills or can be dissolved in a liquid Often sold online as plant food marked " not for human consumption " Completely different drug to methadone , which is a pharmaceutical drug typically used as a very strong painkiller or to treat heroin addicts Reported side - effects include headaches , palpitations , nausea , cold or blue fingers Long - term effect of taking drug unknown Currently legal to buy and be in possession of the powder , but against the law to sell , supply or advertise the powder for human consumption under the Medicines Act Already illegal in Israel , Denmark , Norway and Sweden
How has drug affected users ?
What is legal high mephedrone ?
Indecision over mephedrone Parents call for drug ban
He also admitted that he had never previously heard of the drug .
Shadow home secretary Chris Grayling said there was a strong case for banning mephedrone and other " legal highs " .
He said : " There is mounting evidence to suggest these drugs are doing real damage to people 's health .
" An incoming Conservative government would mount an urgent review of these substances with a view to adding them to the list of banned substances . "
The parents of Mr Smith are also calling for a ban .
His mother , Elaine , said action was needed to stop children having access to mephedrone , saying : " If that means making it an illegal substance , then that 's how it should be . "
His father , Tony , said the legal status of the drug could have given his son a " false sense of security " , saying the government should have acted sooner to make it illegal .
Mephedrone is known by various names , including " M - Cat " , " MC " , " mieow " , " meow " , " 4MMC " or simply plant fertiliser .
It is usually a white or yellowish powder , which is snorted , but can also be obtained in pills and capsules .
It is marketed as plant food .
The National Association of Head Teachers ( NAHT ) also says a ban should be considered .
NAHT general secretary Mick Brookes told the BBC mephedrone use had become more widespread .
FROM BBC RADIO 5 LIVE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC Radio 5 live
He said : " This drug clearly has the same inherent dangers as any Class A drug and I think serious consideration should be given to banning it .
" The problem with that is that you then criminalise the people who take it , so we need to think very carefully about what we do , but act with some speed . "
Some head teachers say the drug should be made illegal immediately - even if it risks some children getting a criminal record .
Schools have become increasingly worried that because the drug is legal , children as young as 12 are trying it .
An ACMD sub - committee had been looking into legal highs but its work stopped following the dismissal of Professor David Nutt as the chief drugs adviser last October .
Prof Nutt was sacked after publicly disagreeing with the government 's decision to reclassify cannabis as a Class B drug and not to downgrade ecstasy .
Club scene Five ACMD members then resigned in the row that followed Prof Nutt 's departure .
Websites selling the drug have told their customers it is a case of " when " not " if " mephedrone will be banned .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The two teenagers who died were found collapsed at their homes after a night out in Scunthorpe .
Humberside Police said the drug appeared to have contributed to their deaths .
They had been out drinking in the hours before they died .
Post - mortem examinations are being carried out .
Mephedrone has become popular on the UK club scene in recent months and is said to have effects similar to the drug ecstasy .
Side effects are said to include psychosis , palpitations , burning throat , nosebleeds and insomnia .
Have you been affected by the issues raised in this story ?
Tell us your experiences using the form below .
A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Oscar - winning head of the body which distributes films in the UK today called for new methods to be employed in the battle to defeat internet piracy .
During a keynote speech as president of the Film Distributors ' Association , Lord Puttnam said young people needed to be educated at an early age that it was wrong to illegally download copyrighted material .
" The concept of intellectual property and its value needs to be embedded inextricably into the school curriculum , " he said .
" We need to establish beyond doubt that if people want films on offer in a variety of ways and formats , as we hope and believe they do , then they are required to pay a fair price . "
Puttnam , who won an Oscar for best film in 1982 as a producer on Chariots of Fire , highlighted a recent FDA project aimed at the vital " tween " generation of 8 to 11 - year - olds , a teaching resource designed to stimulate classroom debate about why copyright existed .
" Today , it 's encouraging to report that this resource has been supplied , free upon request , to almost one in five primary schools in the UK – that 's 4,000 out of a little over 20,000 schools , " he said .
Speaking afterwards to the Guardian , Puttnam said the film industry itself also needed to adopt new ideas , if internet downloading was to be defeated .
In particular , it should follow the example of the music industry and make limited content such as film clips free to viewers , he said .
During his speech , Puttnam challenged TV producers to come up with a successful show to capture the imagination of the British moviegoing public , which he said had powered the UK and Ireland box office to an all - time high of £ 1.06 bn last year , up 11 % year - on - year despite a 4.8 % shrinking of the European economy over the same period .
He said broadcasters should not be put off by " the well - rehearsed arguments regarding clip clearances " , when there was a genuine opportunity to capitalise on the UK 's current love affair with movies .
" Where on earth are the edgy magazine shows or the contemporary panel shows or the audience participation shows themed to the movies ? "
Puttnam asked .
" The mass public interest in films – enjoyed by millions of people every week – is all but ignored in the current output of our national broadcasters .
Here 's a gap crying out to be filled with a smart , modern format . "
" When TV producers are having to negotiate a fee for the clips they want to show – that 's barmy , " Puttnam said , after his speech .
" Either accept that there 's not going to be a programme of this kind on TV , or give them the bloody clips and be thrilled that they 're being seen by millions of people . "
He agreed that the industry needed to follow the example of the music industry , which routinely makes some content free to bloggers and online audiences in order to attract music lovers to check out new acts .
" These are the nonsenses that this industry has always been susceptible to , " he added .
" You are building the next generation of audiences and they should be all over it like a rash .
It 's this inability to see the big picture , this narrowness of thinking , which has for many many years muddled matters . "
Puttnam suggested that the government 's new digital economy bill , which is partly aimed at reducing internet piracy , might not be capable of bringing a halt to illegal downloading in its present form .
" For me it 's a staging post , " he said .
" One of the mistakes made is allowing the ISPs to pretend they are not part of a retail chain .
If you or I wanted to open a chemist shop we would have to pay attention to health and safety and the nature of the products that we sold .
We could n't just serve anyone , for instance .
Somehow or other we 've allowed the ISPs to drift into a mindset that 's allowed them to think that they are somehow inured to the forces of the law .
Government has failed to get that message across . "
Puttnam said he felt that one of the best ways to encourage film fans to make legal purchases was to ask popular film - makers to join the education campaign .
" You 've got to get Ken Loach out there , Mike Leigh out there so that people understand that this is a cycle of finance , " he said .
" If you cut off their ability to raise money there are n't going to be any movies .
There 's a generation of film - makers who audiences have respect for , that have got to come out and make this clear . "
During his speech , Puttnam suggested a rather more direct approach , in the shape of a change in the law to make the use of camcorders in cinemas specifically illegal .
He also said film content must be available legally online " in ways consumers want , and at prices they can afford " if people were to be dissuaded from using illegal download sites .
" I do n't believe for a second – and see no evidence – that today 's young generation of consumers is inherently evil and has no intention of ever paying for anything , " he said .
" But multi - channel broadcasting and the web have brought a massive proliferation in viewing options and an explosion of choice , and as we 've learned to our cost , content in a digital form is relatively easy to transfer and copy . "
What ’s variously called the “ cognitive capitalism ” model , or Paul Romer ’s New Growth Theory , assumes that technological progress and increased efficiency will lead to “ economic growth ” in the sense of the total volume of monetized economic activity .
But this presumes the use of “ intellectual property ” and other forms of artificial scarcity to capitalize efficiency improvements as a source of rents , rather than allowing market competition to pass reduced costs on to the consumer in the form of lower prices .
But similar assumptions are found , in a weaker form , even among people who are n’t exactly friends of the proprietary content industries .
This includes Chris Anderson ’s “ Freemium ” model , and similar arguments by Mike Masnick at Techdirt .
Their basic idea , which is great as far as it goes , is to use free content to piggyback monetized auxiliary services : Linux distros offering tech support and customization , music companies selling certified authentic copies available at a convenient location , Phish selling concert tickets , etc .
One thing they fail to adequately address , though , is that the total amount of cash available from such auxiliary services is less than what proprietary content brought in .
Or to take Anderson ’s example , Encarta sales did n’t bring in money equivalent to the exchange value it destroyed for Britannica et al .
And Wikipedia destroyed billions in net monetized value for both hard copy encyclopedias and Encarta .
In Masnick ’s and Anderson ’s model , though , the total size of the monetized economy overall still continues to increase .
A reduction in the total money expenditures ( and hence labor ) required to obtain a consumer good will simply free up purchasing power and increase demand for new goods in some other sector .
The problem is , this assumes that total demand is infinitely , upwardly elastic .
Jeff Jarvis sparked a long chain of discussions by arguing that innovation , by increasing efficiency , results in “ shrinkage ” rather than growth .
The money left in customers ’ pockets , to the extent that it is reinvested in more productive venues , may affect the small business sector and not even show up in econometric statistics .
Anton Steinpilz , riffing off Jarvis , suggested that the reduced capital expenditures might not reappear as increased spending anywhere , but might ( essentially a two - sided coin ) be pocketed by the consumer in the form of increased leisure and / or forced on the worker in the form of technological unemployment .
And Eric Reasons , writing about the same time , argued that innovation was being passed on to consumers , resulting in “ massive deflation ” and “ less money involved ” overall .
Reasons built on this idea , massive deflation resulting from increased efficiency , in a subsequent blog post .
The problem , Reasons argued , was that while the deflation of prices in the old proprietary content industries benefited consumers by leaving dollars in their pockets , many of those consumers were employees of industries made obsolete by the new business models .
Effectively , the restrictions that held supply in check for IP are slowly falling away .
As effective supply rises , price plummets .
Do n’t believe me ?
You probably spend less money now on music than you did 15 years ago , and your collection is larger and more varied than ever .
You probably spend less time watching TV news , and less money on newspapers than you did 10 years ago , and are better informed .
I wo n’t go so far as to say that the knowledge economy is going to be no economy at all , but it is a shrinking one in terms of money , both in terms of cost to the consumer , and in terms of the jobs produced in it .
And the issue is clearly shrinkage , not just a shift of superfluous capital and purchasing power to new objects .
Craigslist employs fewer people than the industries it destroyed , for example .
The ideal , Reasons argued , is for unproductive activity to be eliminated , but for falling work hours to be offset by lower prices , so that workers experience the deflation as a reduction in the ratio of effort to consumption :
Given the amount of current consumption of intellectual property ( copyrighted material like music , software , and newsprint ; patented goods like just about everything else ) , could n’t we take advantage of this deflation to help cushion the blow of falling wages ?
How much of our income is dedicated to intellectual property , and its derived products ?
If wages decrease at the same time as cost - of - living decreases , are we really that bad off ?
Deflation moves in both directions , as it were ….
Every bit of economic policy coming out of Washington is based on trying to maintain a status quo that can not be maintained in a global marketplace .
This can temporarily inflate some sectors of our economy , but ultimately will leave us with nothing but companies that make the wrong things , and people who perform the wrong jobs .
You know what they say : “ As GM goes , so goes the country . ”
Contrary to “ Free ” optimists like Chris Anderson and Kevin Kelley , Reasons suspects that reduced rents on proprietary content cannot be replaced by monetization in other areas .
The shrinkage of proprietary content industries will not be replaced by growth elsewhere , or the reduced prices offset by a shift of demand elsewhere , on a one - to - one basis .
Mike Masnick , of Techdirt , praised Reasons ’ analysis , but suggested — from a fairly conventional standpoint — that it was incomplete :
So this is a great way to think about the threat side of things .
Unfortunately , I do n’t think Eric takes it all the way to the next side ( the opportunity side ) , which we tried to highlight in that first link up top , here .
Eric claims that this “ deflation ” makes the sector shrink , but I do n’t believe that ’s right .
It makes companies who rely on business models of artificial scarcity to shrink , but it does n’t make the overall sector shrink if you define the market properly .
Economic efficiency may make certain segments of the market shrink ( or disappear ) , but it expands the overall market .
Why ?
Because efficiency gives you more output for the same input ( bigger market ! ) .
The tricky part is that it may move around where that output occurs .
And , when you ’re dealing with what I ’ve been calling “ infinite goods ” you can have a multiplicative impact on the market .
That ’s because a large part of the “ output ” is now infinitely reproduceable at no cost .
For those who stop thinking of these as “ goods that are being copied against our will ” and start realizing that they ’re “ inputs into a wider market where we do n’t have to pay for any of the distribution or promotion ! ” there are much greater opportunities .
It ’s just that they do n’t come from artificial scarcity any more .
They come from abundance .
Reasons responded , in a comment below Masnick ’s post ( aptly titled “ The glass is twice the size it needs to be… , ” that “ this efficiency will make the economic markets they affect “ shrink ” in terms of economy and capital .
It does n’t mean that the number of variation of the products available will shrink , just the capital involved . ”
He stated this assessment in even sharper terms in a comment under Michel Bauwens ’s blog post on the exchange :
While I certainly would n’t want to go toe - to - toe with Mike Masnick on the subject , I did try to clarify in comments that it is n’t that I do n’t see the opportunity in the “ knowledge economy ” , but simply that value can be created where capital ca n’t be captured from it .
The trick is to reap that value , and distinguish where capital can and where it cannot add value .
Of course there ’s money to be made in the knowledge economy — ask Google or Craigslist — but by introducing such profound efficiencies , they deflate the markets they touch at a rate far faster than the human capital can redeploy itself in other markets .
Since so much capital is dependent upon consumerism generated by that idled human capital , deflation follows .
Neoclassical economists would no doubt dismiss Reasons ’ argument , and other theories of technological unemployment , as variations on the “ lump of labor fallacy . ”
But their dismissal of it , under that trite label , itself makes an implicit assumption that ’s hardly self - evident : that demand is infinitely , upwardly elastic .
That assumption is stated , in the most vulgar of terms , from an Austrian standpoint by a writer at LewRockwell.com :
You know , properly speaking , the “ correct ” level of unemployment is zero .
Theoretically , the demand for goods and services is infinite .
My own desire for goods and services has no limit , and neither does anyone else ’s .
So even if everyone worked 24/7 , they could never satisfy all the potential demand .
It ’s just a matter of allowing people to work at wages that others are willing and able to pay .
Aside from the fact that this implicitly contradicts Austrian arguments that increased labor productivity from capital investment are responsible for reduced working hours ( see , e.g. , George Reisman–who also incidentally conflates capital accumulation with innovation , thus ignoring the fact that innovation is more likely to make investment capital superfluous ) , this is almost cartoonish nonsense .
If the demand for goods and services is unconstrained by the disutility of labor , then it follows that absent a minimum wage people would be working at least every possible waking hour — even if not “ 24/7 . ”
On the other hand if there is a tradeoff between infinite demand and the disutility of labor , then demand is not infinitely upwardly elastic .
Some productivity increases will be lost through “ leakages ” in the form of increased leisure , rather than consumption of increased output of goods .
That means that the demand for labor , even if somewhat elastic , will not grow as quickly as labor productivity .
Tom Walker ( aka Sandwichman ) , an economist who has devoted most of his career to unmasking the “ lump of labor ” caricature as a crude strawman , confesses a degree of puzzlement as to why orthodox economists are so strident on the issue .
After all , what they denounce as the “ lump of labor fallacy ” is based on what , “ [ w ] hen economists do it , … is arcane and learned ceteris paribus hokus pokus . ”
Given existing levels of demand for consumer goods , any increase in labor productivity will result in a reduction in total work hours available .
Of course the orthodox economist will argue that ceteris is never paribus .
But that demand freed up by reduced wage expenditures in one sector will automatically translate , on a one - to - one basis , into increased demand ( and hence employment ) in another sector is itself by no means self - evident .
And an assumption that such will occur , so strong that one feels sufficiently confident to invent a new “ fallacy ” for those who argue otherwise , strikes me as a belief that belongs more in the realm of theology than of economics .
The cognitive capitalism and New Growth Theory models are an updated version of Daniel Bell ’s “ post - industrial ” thesis .
The problem is , post - industrialism is self - liquidating .
Technological progress destroys the technical prerequisites for capturing value from technological progress .
The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development 's ( HUD ) definition of homelessness is confined to people living on the street or in shelters .
HUD should expand its definition of homelessness to include not only people living in the street or in shelters , but people in motels and with friends and family due to economic hardship , as the McKinney - Vento definition does .
The HUD definition of homelessness is the definition generally used by communities conducting homeless counts .
It is simply inane to assess the level of homelessness in a community and not include people living in motels or double or triple occupying cramped apartments with friends or family .
The risk in not adopting a more realistic definition of homelessness is very real .
If we are to end homelessness , we have to agree on what homelessness means , and how we measure it .
The current HUD definition of homelessness , which acts as the basis for homeless counts , fundamentally obscures our ability to assess the true number of persons experiencing homelessness .
Tell HUD to count everyone without a home as homeless .
Photo credit : cyberuly
Design Patterns 15 Years Later : An Interview with Erich Gamma , Richard Helm , and Ralph Johnson
By Erich Gamma , Richard Helm , Ralph Johnson , Larry O'Brien
Date : Oct 22 , 2009
Return to the article
Erich Gamma , Richard Helm , and Ralph Johnson talk to Larry O'Brien about Design Patterns , 15 years later .
Larry O'Brien : 85,000 apps for the iPhone have been developed and deployed in the past year - and - change .
One can write a globally - accessible " Hello , World !
The time is X " Web page in just one line of PHP , for instance .
" Designing object - oriented software is hard , " are the first words of Design Patterns .
Are those words still accurate ?
Richard Helm : Software design is always hard .
Although most modern development environments do lots to reduce complexity through reusable libraries and toolkits ( Eclipse , Apple , Microsoft ) , designing a software solution to the business problem is still hard .
Erich Gamma : Yes , and it is funny that you mention the iPhone .
The iPhone SDK is based on the NeXTStep object - oriented frameworks like the AppKit .
It already existed when we wrote Design Patterns 15 years ago and was one source of inspiration .
We actually refer to this framework in several of our patterns : Adapter , Bridge , Proxy , and Chain of Responsibility .
Richard :
Which is a great example of the enduring nature of good design , and how it survives different technical manifestations .
Ralph Johnson : Writing one - line programs is not usually what we mean by design .
Software has improved a lot over the years , and a lot of systems that used to require careful design can now be built by reusing other software .
But there are a lot of systems that we can't build that way , and writing 100 K lines of new code is n't that much easier now than it was 15 years ago .
It will do a lot more , but costs the same .
Designing software is hard .
That is what makes it so fun !
People who are good at designing software enjoy solving hard problems , at bringing order to chaos , at overcoming difficulties .
Things that used to be hard are now easy , but we have moved on to working on problems that would have been impossible 20 years ago .
OO programming helps but does not eliminate the difficulty of design .
Larry :
The next phrase in the book is " ... designing reusable object - oriented software is even harder . "
Reuse was , in the early 90s , presented as object - orientation 's main benefit .
But in the past decade , it seems that many mainstream developers have decided to leave reuse to the framework designers .
Develop what you need today , do the minimal refactoring if you need to evolve it , and , if questioned , play the " You Ain't Gonna Need It , " card .
Is striving for reusable design an important goal for today 's developers ?
Richard : I think there has been an evolution in level of sophistication .
Reusable software has migrated to the underlying system / language as toolkits or frameworks — and mostly should be left to the experts .
The goal for most software developers still remains to design for change — and there the debate is do you do it early ( given foreknowledge ) or later ( once more is known and you know you need it ) ?
In many cases the design should be refactored , and the patterns provide a target to do this .
Erich : Actually , I 'd now add an additional phrase " ... the hardest is evolving reusable object - oriented software . "
We touch on this a little bit in Design Patterns .
For example , factories , adapters and facades can help when it comes to changing and evolving a reusable library .
There are some additional patterns for this problem that would be worthwhile capturing .
I agree that designing durable APIs requires an additional level of sophistication .
Decisions you make today will impact what you can do tomorrow .
However , even experts have a hard time to get it right the first time .
For example , if you dive into the Eclipse APIs you will find three different versions of the API to store preferences .
Ralph :
Most programmers are not hired to write reusable software , except in the sense that the software needs to be usable years later , when requirements change and the world is a different place .
On the other hand , they need to know how reusable software works , and our patterns are common in reusable software , so they are still useful for the average programmer to know .
Perhaps it would be better now to aim the book at people using patterns chosen by others rather than aim it at people trying to figure out which pattern to use .
Erich : I like this idea .
When I learned the iPhone SDK as I mentioned above , I noticed that I felt quickly familiar with the library , since I knew the used patterns .
Larry :
For a while , everything became a " pattern . "
There were patterns for architecture , organizational behavior , analysis , etc .
What was less apparent , though , was an evolution where the 23 patterns in the DP catalog were extended by X other design patterns or related to , say , architectural patterns .
There are a lot of patterns out there .
Is there a new " Figure 1.1 : Design pattern relationships " ?
Figure 1.1 : Design pattern relationships
Ralph :
If you mean " Do we have a figure to give you ? " the answer is " No . "
If you mean " Should someone create a new figure ? " the answer is " Yes . "
Erich :
There is the Patterns Almanac 2000 from Linda Rising that attempted to capture many patterns .
It was a significant amount of work , but did n't get as much traction in the community .
I start to think that social filtering would help to find out the most popular patterns and get hints like " people that found this pattern useful have also liked this one ... " .
In other words , not all patterns have the same relevance and weight .
We were pretty lucky that we picked a good sample of patterns in DP .
Larry :
The description template used in DP had a lot of features beyond Name , Intent , and Structure .
Not everyone who jumped on the patterns bandwagon provided all those elements .
If you were to refactor that template today , what would you do to it ?
Ralph :
The template was okay for low - level object - oriented patterns like the ones in our book .
It was not good for other purposes .
People quickly found that out and chose different templates .
Every collection of patterns needs a standard template , but I do n't think any template will ever be good for all patterns .
So , I find arguments about templates boring .
Erich : I 'm not attached to a particular template .
I 'm glad that we eventually agreed on one and then stuck to it .
It helped us to achieve consistency and forced a level of completeness , e.g. , do we have known uses , do we describe the consequences .
Larry :
After the pattern bandwagon , there was a trend towards " anti-patterns . "
Are anti-patterns as valuable as patterns ?
Richard : Probably — they provide a way to share and learn from mistakes
Ralph : I prefer the notion of " code smells , " or " design smells " / " architecture smells " etc .
They are n't always mistakes .
Sometimes they are just problems you have to live with .
For example , " stove pipe " systems grew up partly because companies did n't have good ways of interconnecting their systems , partly because technology was changing rapidly , and partly because the different parts of a company did n't cooperate .
In a mature , slowly growing company , stove pipe systems are an architecture smell that should probably be eliminated using SOA and a strong architecture team .
But in a company that is growing rapidly by buying other companies , stove pipes are due to the fact that it takes time to integrate a new company .
No amount of architectural leadership will eliminate the problem .
Some of my students wrote a pattern for " Big Ball of Mud . "
For most people who read patterns , this is an anti-pattern to be avoided at all costs .
But to a lot of IT organizations , especially ones I 've seen in government , there just is n't enough expertise to do better .
Anything they build will , in a few years , lose its structure and become connected with everything else .
Erich : Using a code smell or anti-pattern to motivate the use of a design pattern is valuable .
It is difficult to appreciate the value of a design pattern without seeing the code before and after the use of a design pattern .
Larry :
GoF came out relatively early in the ascent of OOP as the mainstream paradigm and , for better or worse , " patterns " seem to be associated with OO approaches .
You even hear functional and dynamic advocates boasting that their languages " do n't need " patterns .
How do you respond to that ?
Erich : Just as an aside , it is also easy to forget that we wrote design patterns before there was Java or C# .
Ralph :
Some of those languages do n't need some of the patterns in Design Patterns because their languages provide alternative ways of solving the problems .
Our patterns are for languages between C++ and Smalltalk , which includes just about everything called " object - oriented , " but they certainly are not for every programming language .
I do n't think anybody actually says that programmers in other languages do n't need patterns ; they just have a different set of patterns .
Erich : Design patterns eventually emerge for any language .
Design déjà - vu is language neutral .
While these experiences are not always captured as patterns , they do exist .
The design principles for Erlang come to mind .
Larry :
Where would a person go to learn about patterns for dynamic and functional languages ?
Who 's making good contributions ?
Ralph :
If by " dynamic " you mean dynamic object - oriented languages like Smalltalk , Ruby or Python , then our patterns are applicable .
Functional languages require different patterns , but I do n't know who is working on them .
Larry : OOP provides a combination of static and dynamic structure , allowing the design intent to be communicated along a few different axes ( or at least with different diagrams ) .
With today 's emphasis on functional and meta- programming approaches , there 's not as much static structure .
Instead , there 's a lot of talk about communicating design intent by creating APIs in the context of a " domain - specific language " or a " fluid interface . "
Do these approaches replace or complement the patterns in DP ?
Richard : Complement .
Rich class libraries structured well using good design take on features / characteristics of domain - specific languages .
Reading code for a well designed user - interface toolkit becomes like reading a domain - specific language for GUIs .
The library constructs become the verbs and nouns of the domain - specific language .
For example , if you go back and look at the code in Interviews / Unidraw ( co- written by John Vlissides ) , although the language was C++ , the code could easily be understood by someone who knew how to build GUIs .
Erich :
While they complement the patterns in DP it can indeed be the case that meta- programming can replace the design pattern used in a design .
The evolution of JUnit 3 to JUnit 4 comes to mind .
JUnit 3 was a small framework that used several patterns like Composite , Template Method and Command .
JUnit 4 leverages the Annotations meta- programming facilities introduced in J2SE 5.0 .
The use of the patterns disappeared and the framework evolved into a small set of annotations plus a test runner infrastructure that executes the annotated Java code .
Larry : Generative patterns :
There are 253 patterns in A Pattern Language and 23 in DP .
Do you think the DP catalog fulfills Alexander 's edict that " [ A pattern language ] not only tells us the rules of arrangement , but shows us how to construct arrangements — as many as we want — which satisfy the rules " ?
Richard : No .
It was not the intent to be a prescriptive or generative guide .
The inspiration for me came more from engineering handbooks where an engineer / designer would reach up to his bookshelf and find a generic mechanical design for clutches or two stroke engines .
Larry :
How would you refactor " Design Patterns " ?
Erich :
We did this exercise in 2005 .
Here are some notes from our session .
We have found that the object - oriented design principles and most of the patterns have n't changed since then .
We wanted to change the categorization , add some new members and also drop some of the patterns .
Most of the discussion was about changing the categorization and in particular which patterns to drop .
When discussing which patterns to drop , we found that we still love them all .
( Not really — I 'm in favor of dropping Singleton .
Its use is almost always a design smell . )
So here are some of the changes :
Interpreter and Flyweight should be moved into a separate category that we referred to as " Other / Compound " since they really are different beasts than the other patterns .
Factory Method would be generalized to Factory .
The categories are : Core , Creational , Peripheral and Other .
The intent here is to emphasize the important patterns and to separate them from the less frequently used ones .
The new members are : Null Object , Type Object , Dependency Injection , and Extension Object / Interface ( see " Extension Object " in Pattern Languages of Program Design 3 , Addison - Wesley , 1997 ) .
These were the categories :
Core : Composite , Strategy , State , Command , Iterator , Proxy , Template Method , Facade
Creational : Factory , Prototype , Builder , Dependency Injection
Peripheral : Abstract Factory , Visitor , Decorator , Mediator , Type Object , Null Object , Extension Object
Other : Flyweight , Interpreter
As I said above these are just notes in a draft state .
Doing a refactoring without test cases is always dangerous ...
You know what has the power to dramatically improve women ’s lives ?
Brazilian soap operas .
Earlier I posted about how satellite TV decreased domestic violence in India and improved female autonomy .
It seems that Brazilian soap operas might have similar effects .
This paper focuses on fertility choices in Brazil , a country where soap operas ( novelas ) portray families that are much smaller than in reality , to study the effects of television on individual behavior .
Using Census data for the period 1970 - 1991 , the paper finds that women living in areas covered by the Globo signal have significantly lower fertility .
The effect is strongest for women of lower socioeconomic status and for women in the central and late phases of their fertility cycle .
Finally , the paper provides evidence that novelas , rather than television in general , affected individual choices .
Source : “ Soap Operas and Fertility : Evidence from Brazil ” from Inter - American Development Bank , Research Department , Working Paper # 633
Lower fertility is usually a big first step towards autonomy for women from low socio-economic areas .
Another big factor is if women feel empowered to leave bad marriages .
Well guess what :
This paper studies the link between television and divorce in Brazil by exploiting variation in the timing of availability of the signal of Rede Globo — the network that had a virtual monopoly on telenovelas in the country — across municipal areas .
Using three rounds of Census data ( 1970 , 1980 and 1991 ) and controlling for area fixed effects and for time - varying characteristics , the paper finds that the share of women who are separated or divorced increases significantly after the Globo signal becomes available .
The effect is robust to controlling for potential determinants of Globo ’s entry strategy and is stronger for relatively smaller areas , where the signal reaches a higher fraction of the population .
Source : “ Television and Divorce : Evidence from Brazilian Novelas ” from Inter - American Development Bank , Research Department , Working Paper # 651
Join over 320,000 readers .
Get a free weekly update via email here .
Related posts :
New Neuroscience Reveals 4 Rituals That Will Make You Happy
New Harvard Research Reveals A Fun Way To Be More Successful
How To Get People To Like You : 7 Ways From An FBI Behavior Expert
Posted In : Uncategorized Written By : Eric Barker
Post Details
Games for kids are fun and easy online games for girls and boys .
Train your brain with interesting puzzles .
Friendly graphics make even racing or cooking fun for all ages .
Play some cool board and card games together with your family .
In our free games for kids on Silvergames.com , you can also practice in math .
Just never stop typing and clicking with your mouse to pass every level .
Start coloring
Play free games for kids online and enjoy exciting adventures together with funny characters .
Smooth graphics and easy gameplay is what makes these games suitable for children .
Our puzzle games will also help your child learn faster and develop new skills .
Build bridges or control a huge truck .
Pick out outfits for beautiful princesses and help them to put on makeup .
Play bowling or make a slime .
In our free online games for kids , you will find all kinds of interesting challenges and missions to complete .
Build a whole new city or manage a restaurant .
Just pick a fun game you like , choose your character and start having fun .
Try jump from one platform to another without falling .
Learning can be very entertaining with our selection of amazing math games .
Well lookie here ...
Marsha Blackburn and Charles Boustany found Sean Hannity a willing participant to trash President Obama for not being nice enough to them at the Health Care Summit .
We 're shocked ... right ?
Poor little flame thrower Marsha Blackburn thinks the President was " condescending " and did n't listen to any of their ideas .
Boustay of course agrees with Blackburn and also does n't like that the President called Cantor out for bringing his prop , the 2700 page bill with him to the meeting .
I did n't save the Boustany exchange but I did grab the portion with Marsha Blackburn .
You can just watch it for yourselves and see if you think it fits the way she characterized it to Hannity here .
And one last note on Hannity 's rhetoric during the Fox segment -- I 'm pretty sure you could go back through every transcript of Hannity 's past shows and you 'd never once find him describing the Republicans using the phrase " jam this down your throat " about any of the bills passed by them using reconciliation .
He 's more than happy to use that sort of violent / sexual language when it comes to the Democrats though .
Transcript via Nexis Lexis below the fold .
HANNITY : All right .
So , a new day means a new health care deadline for the democrats .
Now , according to a report , Iowa Senator Tom Harkin says , that deadline is Congress Easter recess which falls on March 29th , that 's less than five weeks away , quote , " By the time Easter comes , we willful Ted Kennedy 's dream that health care is a right not a privilege . "
But every accomplish nothing yesterday 's health care summit .
Will the democrats turn to reconciliation and try and jam this health care bill right down your throat ?
Joining me now with answers are two people who were present at yesterday 's proceeding .
Tennessee Congresswoman Marsha Blackburn and Louisiana Congressman Charles Boustany .
Guys , welcome back .
BOUSTANY : Great to be with you .
BLACKBURN : Thank you .
Good to be with you .
HANNITY : All right .
Congressman , let 's start with you .
First of all , you were you in the room .
I was n't there , I 'm watching on TV , I 'm fascinated by the whole proceedings .
I found the president talking down a lot .
He seemed arrogant , he seemed impatient .
You know , every time somebody made a good point , those are the talking points .
I won .
You know , that 's not true .
These are talking points , again and again .
What did you make of that ?
Blackburn : I thought that what he did was spend a lot of energy and a lot of time in condescending to people and discounting the ideas that we were bringing .
That is time and energy that could have been spent saying , how do we address medical malpractice and tort reform ?
How do we address interstate purchasing of insurance ?
I found it to be counter productive .
What it did do was make a great point to the American people that look , this is how this is happening .
When we bring ideas forward , when we put them on the table , this is the kind of response we get in .
Sean , for the first time they were in the committee room , the cameras were going and they got to see the disrespect and the manner in which republican ideas are treated when they are put on the table for discussion .
And that discussion does n't happen .
HANNITY : Congressman , your thoughts ?
BOUSTANY : Well , I agree with Marsha .
And , you know , it was interesting that he belittled the fact that we had the actual bill there on the table in front of us .
I mean , we are legislators and we 're talking about points in these bills .
And so , yes , I think he really was somewhat condescending about those things .
We really wanted to have a real substantive dialogue on these issues and really highlight where we stand , where they stand , what those differences are and how can we bridge those , if possible ?
HANNITY : Well , I got details , very impressive , including the both of you and Paul Ryan and Eric Cantor , I thought that was a good group of republicans .
Obviously , you went in there with a strong strategy .
And I think , by every account , when the media says , it is a draw , you know that is a lost for Barack Obama .
I mean , that 's pretty good way to put it .
All right .
The issues that stood out for me and I think for a lot of other people .
Most people that I know were extraordinarily angry at the process .
The fact that they had to buy senators ' votes to get these things passed .
The fact that republicans were kept out .
The idea that the president refused to take the invitation by Lamar Alexander to take reconciliation off the table .
Congresswoman , was that a mistake ?
Did he miss a moment to prove to the American people he 's bipartisan ?
Blackburn : I think the president did miss a moment .
And I also think that Leader Reid and Speaker Pelosi missed that moment , as did the vice president .
They are the democratic leadership , they control it all .
They had the opportunity to say , you know , the American people do n't want this bill .
We need to scrap it and start over with a clean sheet of paper .
They passed that opportunity .
The president should have looked at those leaders and said , you know what , the American people do n't want it done this way , let 's go through regular order and produce a product that everybody republican , democrat , all Americans are going to be proud of and are going to benefit from .
But he gave up that opportunity .
And I think in doing that , that 's why today people are saying , republicans won this or it was a draw or you know , they 're further away from achieving their goal today than they were yesterday .
HANNITY : You know , congressman , I agree with everything that the congresswoman just said your distinguished colleague .
I got to get the lingo down you guys have .
The president I though , could have been a little more respectful for peoples ' titles but that 's another issue for another day .
And I do n't want to nitpick here .
Here 's my concern Congressman that I have , I do n't want to run this file , I think they could still force this bill down America 's throat .
And I do n't want people to become complacent .
Blackburn : Right .
HANNITY : I 've had a lot of smart people in the program that warning that republicans may not take back the house , they may not take back the senate , this is not a slam - dunk .
I do n't want people to become complacent there .
Which is why I wrote a book that I 'm going to be releasing in a few weeks , because I think we can screw it up , and I do n't want people -- the democrats now have time to recover .
Do you agree with my concern that maybe we need to stay on offense here ?
That there 's a lot of problem , that there 's a lot of work yet to do ?
BOUSTANY : Absolutely Sean .
We are intent on earning the majority back .
And it starts now and it will continue and we will escalate that effort as we go forward until we get to the next elections .
You know , the American people have spoken very loudly and I can tell you as a doctor with 20 years experience , talking to a lot of folks in my district and around the country , they want to start over on this health care bill .
And they want us to get it right .
We have a duty to do something about health care , the way -- but we really have an obligation to get it right .
And that means bringing down the cost for families and small business owners .
And not bankrupting this country .
And so , we 're intent on moving forward , putting our ideas out there .
Holding to our conservative values , and I 'll tell you this .
We 're going to work hard to earn the majority back .
HANNITY : Well , I got to tell you .
This is what -- I think this election is turning into , which I think is good , it almost reminds me of Reagan vs. Mondale , Reagan vs. Carter .
Great distinctions between the two parties that is going to give the country a choice in terms of its future direction .
So , guys , thanks for being with us .
BOUSTANY : Thank you .
BLACKBURN : Thank you so much .
It 's good to be with you .
Tip Store the tubing and pump indoors during the winter months .
Make sure to empty any water out of the fountain during the winter months to help minimize the normal expansion and contraction of concrete .
Try to keep the fountain bowl as dry as possible .
The trickling sounds of water soothe anyone who enters your backyard paradise .
Birds land on the fountain rims , dipping their beaks and bodies into the cool water for a daily drink and bath .
Outdoor fountains add an extra something to a garden than simply defies explanation .
This lovely addition to your outdoor décor requires some care to keep the fountain working properly and looking beautiful .
Concrete offers a very durable material in fountain construction as well as easy cleaning and maintenance .
Let 's look at how to clean an outdoor concrete fountain .
How to Clean an Outdoor Concrete Fountain
Unplug the fountain , and , if possible , remove the pump and tubing .
Drain the fountain by putting the pump into the main part of the fountain , plugging it in and directing the tubing into a garden or drain .
Empty out all of the water .
The trickling sounds of water soothe anyone who enters your backyard paradise .
Drain the fountain by putting the pump into the main part of the fountain , plugging it in and directing the tubing into a garden or drain .
Unplug the pump and separate the tubing from the pump .
Run water through the tubing to remove any debris .
Fill a bucket with 2 cups of liquid bleach and water .
Place the tubing inside the bucket and allow it to soak for at least an hour .
Mix a solution of 3 parts of white vinegar , and 1 part water in a bucket .
Pour this solution into the fountain , and scrub the interior of the fountain bowl with a scrub brush .
Vinegar works as a natural antibacterial and fungicide to remove slimy buildup from standing water or to remove plant matter from the concrete .
Unplug the pump and separate the tubing from the pump .
Rinse the vinegar completely out of the fountain .
Avoid spraying the vinegar onto any plants in the vicinity since vinegar can be used as a weed deterrent .
Add more water to the concrete fountain bowl , and dump in a cup of household bleach .
Allow this solution to sit for at least a 1 /2 hour .
If you have animals or regular bird visitors to the fountain , remain near the fountain to prevent any animal drinking from the bleach solution .
Remove the tubing from the bleach solution , and direct the hose spray into the tubing .
Spray out the entire bowl of the fountain , being careful not to expose tender plants to the bleach solution .
WASHINGTON  Before leaving for the Presidents ’
Day break , the Senate on Thursday night confirmed  by unanimous consent  more than two dozen of President Obama ’s nominees to federal positions .
Mr. Obama and Senator Harry Reid , the majority leader , had warned this week that the president might use the weeklong holiday break to make recess appointments , a threat underscoring his frustration with months of delays in confirming some key nominees .
Also this week , Republicans blocked the confirmation of Craig Becker , a labor lawyer , to a seat on the National Labor Relations Board , which has been operating with only two of its five members for a few years .
At an impromptu news conference , just before a procedural vote on Mr. Becker , Mr. Obama complained that he wanted Republicans to stop holding up his nominees .
In a statement on Thursday night , the president described the confirmations as “ a good first step ” and seemed to signal he would not be making recess appointments anytime soon .
Guest post by Soroush Seifi
Originally published in the Toronto Star , May 21 , 2006 , D11
My name is Soroush .
I was born in Iran 21 years ago and now reside in Toronto .
I lived through the eight - year Iran - Iraq war .
But this article is not about me .
It is about a disturbing trend in education in Muslim countries .
I hope to draw a correlation between the education system in Iran and the recruitment of angry , young and easily manipulated individuals by terrorist organizations such as Al Qaeda .
The ruins of Ground Zero are proof that we no longer live in an isolated box .
The problems of people on one side of the world can bring destruction to people on the other .
I say this only to reiterate former secretary of state Colin Powell ’s statement in 2004 :
To eradicate terrorism , the United States must help … alleviate conditions in the world that enable terrorists to bring in new recruits .
It seems that conditions in the Middle East are not being “ alleviated , ” as the U.S. administration had planned .
Even Republican senators disagree with U.S. President George W. Bush on the war in Iraq .
Meanwhile , the U.N. Department of Economic and Social Affairs ’ annual surveys consistently show a lack of freedom of expression , human rights , access to resources , economic stability and technological innovation in societies where most terrorists come from .
So perhaps there are more effective ways than military force to fight terrorism .
The failure of American military intervention should prompt us to look at other dimensions of the conflict .
The school system of countries like Iran , where I was educated , is a good place to start .
To be a terrorist , it is not enough to be poor and angry .
Otherwise , many more terrorists would originate from places like sub-Saharan Africa , where the rates of poverty are much worse than in Saudi Arabia , the homeland of 15 of the 19 Sept. 11 terrorists .
Those terrorists were predominantly from middle - class families .
The more interesting issue is why these individuals were unable to think for themselves and find better ways of showing displeasure than through terrorism .
My personal school experience in Iran offers a clue .
My education there was a military - like experience .
The vice principal would stand in front of students lined up in formation and ask us to repeat pro-government propaganda , such as “ Long Live Hezbollah ” ( a Middle Eastern paramilitary group with a strong presence in Iran and Lebanon ) .
I was only 10 back then .
I remember that the teacher was similar to a God figure .
We accepted his / her words without a grain of salt .
Students were not encouraged to think for themselves or come up with our own solutions .
On the contrary , we were spoon - fed information .
In religion and Qur’an classes ( mandatory for all students ) , we learned the “ correct ” way of speaking , reading and acting .
The incessant declaration of the importance of tradition helped students conform to what the authorities considered “ Islamic . ”
For example , it was blasphemous to dress in “ feminine ” colours , have a fancy haircut or , in general , think outside of the box .
Such transgressions were often met with physical abuse .
I remember one of my close friends , Ali Esmaili , asked our Grade 5 teacher ,
Miss , is it true that Ayatollah Khomeini only had an elementary school education ?
The teacher immediately got up from her chair and her glare became fixed on Ali ’s eyes .
She asked him to stand up .
When he did , she hit him .
After three blows , the teacher told Ali to go to the office and call his parents because he was going to be expelled from school .
Ali was not expelled in the end , but I learned never to question authority again .
I can only assume that the other 41 students in that class continue to believe that very same message today :
Never think for yourself .
When it came to mathematics and science , those subjects were no more than a struggle through theoretical concepts in books that we bought at the beginning of each school year .
I never had to do research , look through dictionaries and encyclopedias , or go to the library to learn things on my own .
I remember that teachers constantly reviewed many of the political experiences of the nation in a certain framework .
We were taught to accept some values and reject others .
For one reason or another , the teachers , despite their own personal opinions , usually promoted the status quo .
In Grade 7 , my teachers told me and other students to tell our parents to “ vote for Nouri , ” the conservative opponent of the former Iranian president , Mohammad Khatami .
My experience in Canadian schools has been entirely different .
I moved here in 1997 with my family and went into Grade 8 in the Toronto public school system .
The teachers there taught me to understand things through various creative activities and to think for myself .
I sometimes wonder whether young Muslims who become terrorists are trapped by the limits of their education .
Like me and my classmates in Iran , they do n’t question anything ; they merely do what others tell them to do for no other reason than to simply obey orders .
To alleviate terrorism , it will be necessary to create educational systems in Muslim countries like Iran that allow the harvest of children ’s creative ideas .
Allowing thought to grow will give these children the opportunity to imagine and be innovative as adults ; they will find new ways to solve their problems .
These solutions will stem from within and most likely match their culture , as well .
It is not possible to build a house without first laying the foundation .
Hence , developed nations – instead of military intervention – have the responsibility to help lay the foundation and encourage education systems that foster creativity in Muslim nations .
Soroush Seifi is a Kinesiologist who graduated in the top 5 % of his class during his final year at York University .
Â
He was the creator and president of Red Cross Society at York University when he wrote the piece above .
He was recently accepted to Whittier Law School in 2009 on a scholarship , and is currently working before starting law school .
Mehr Abmahnmissbrauch im Bistum Regensburg ?
Peter Muehlbauer
Die Diözese verbot einem Blogger Äußerungen zum Umgang des kirchlichen Verwaltungsbezirks mit einem pädophilen Priester
Gestern machte die Süddeutsche Zeitung bekannt , wie ein katholischer Würdenträger aus dem Bistum Regensburg Hinweise auf Kindsmissbrauch mit Abmahnungen erstickte .
Der Fall eines Marburger Bloggers deutet darauf hin , dass dies kein Einzelfall gewesen sein könnte .
Bastiaan Zapf betreibt das Blog Brights Marburg .
Mitte Dezember beschäftigte sich ein Autor dort mit einem im Handelsblatt erschienenen Artikel , der sich mit dem Umgang des Bistums Regensburg mit einem pädophilen Priester auseinandersetzte .
Weil angeblich eine aus diesem Artikel übernommene Behauptung nicht stimmt , erhielt Zapf von einer nach eigenen Angaben vom Bistum Regensburg beauftragten Münchner Rechtsanwaltskanzlei eine kostenpflichtige Abmahnung .
Inhalt war eine Unterlassungserklärung , die er binnen eines Tages unterschrieben zurückschicken sollte .
Zapf teilte der Kanzlei darauf hin mit , er gehe davon aus , dass die im Handelsblatt gemachte und dort weiterhin nachzulesende Behauptung inhaltlich richtig sei , weshalb er sich den in der Abmahnung gemachten Forderungen nicht beugen wolle .
Darauf hin erhielt er eine durch das Hamburger Landgericht erlassene Einstweilige Verfügung , welche ihm eine Wiederholung besagter Angabe unter Androhung einer seiner Ansicht nach " grotesk hohen " Strafe verbietet .
Darauf , dass das Instrument Abmahnung hier ganz gezielt als Druckmittel in einer Auseinandersetzung zwischen finanziell ungleich gestellten Parteien missbraucht worden sein könnte , deutet die Tatsache hin , dass sich jene Behauptung , die dem Blogger nach eigenen Angaben per Einstweiliger Verfügung verboten wurde , im Handelsblatt weiter findet und den Angaben der Zeitung nach keine Abmahnung dort einging .
Beim Bistum Regensburg und bei der Münchener Rechtsanwaltskanzlei war bisher niemand erreichbar , der Telepolis diese unterschiedliche Behandlung erklären hätte können .
Zapf wertet die Missbrauchsmöglichkeiten , wie sie das deutsche Abmahnrecht und der Fliegende Gerichtsstand bieten , als " Gift für die Redefreiheit " und gibt zu bedenken , dass die Botschaft , die mit solchen Abmahnungen und Einstweiligen Verfügungen ausgesandt wird , unmissverständlich lautet , dass man kritische Inhalte ausschließlich anonym von im Ausland gehosteten und via TOR gewarteten Websites veröffentlichen könne .
Das , so der Blogger , öffnet allerdings Beleidigungen , falschen Anschuldigungen und Ähnlichem erst recht Tür und Tor .
The Squeak Development Process supports the improvement of Squeak — the core of the system and its supporting libraries — by its community .
The process builds on few basic ideas : the use of Monticello as the primary source code management system , free access for the developers to the main repositories , and an incremental update process for both developers and users .
( Read More )
The political arguments about a third runway for London 's Heathrow airport broke out again fiercely last night after a High Court judge declined to quash the project but told the Government to get its aviation policy in order .
Gordon Brown and David Cameron made uncompromising pledges , the former to continue the highly controversial project , the latter to scrap it , after a legal judgment which left ministers and a powerful band of opponents of the third runway scheme both claiming victory .
Heathrow expansion is the green issue on which there is the clearest divide between the parties in the run-up to the coming election , with the Government claiming the expansion is necessary for Britain 's economic future .
Environmental campaigners , on the other hand , say the extra aircraft carbon emissions it will generate will make it impossible for Britain to meet its future climate change targets – as do the Conservatives – while local councils in west London are strongly against it on the grounds of increased noise and pollution .
Six local authorities and four environmental groups , including Greenpeace and the Campaign to Protect Rural England , have mounted a judicial challenge to the decision to go ahead with third runway , announced by the then Transport Secretary , Geoff Hoon , in January last year .
Giving judgment in the case yesterday , Lord Justice Carnwath stopped short of ruling out the project .
But he made a string of criticisms of the Government 's position on airport expansion in general and the Heathrow expansion plan in particular – on CO2 emissions , transport links and costings – which led the opponents to claim that , in practice , the scheme was unlikely to go ahead .
However , the Transport Secretary , Lord Adonis , claimed that the ruling changed nothing whatsoever , and later , Mr Brown went out of his way to insist that Runway 3 was the right decision .
" It is entirely compatible with our carbon reduction targets , as demonstrated by the recent report by the independent committee on climate change , " he told a press conference in Brussels .
He said the Government had backed an extra runway " only after a detailed assessment showing that the strict environmental limits for expansion could be met " .
He added : " We have always made clear that normal planning process would still need to be followed before a runway could be built .
We are taking seriously both the concerns that people have and the need for public consultation .
But we took a tough decision , the right decision necessary for the future of Britain and the economy , and a new runway will help secure Britain 's economic future . "
Mr Cameron took the opposite tack entirely and put down a political marker for those who think he might backtrack , if in office , on the Tory pledge to scrap Runway 3 , which has been important for the Conservative Party 's green credentials and for its " rebranding " , but not popular with some sections of the party .
He told The Independent : " I have made it very clear time and again that under a Conservative government the third runway is not going ahead : no ifs , no buts . "
The judge 's complex , 12,000 - word judgment yesterday led to the somewhat bizarre spectacle of both sides in the case claiming it meant completely different things .
Speaking on behalf of the local councils , Councillor Ray Puddifoot said that it was " a spectacular victory for our residents " .
He said : " If after this ministers are still intent on pressing ahead with expansion they will have to go back to the beginning and justify the whole economic case in public . "
Greenpeace 's executive director John Sauven said : " This ruling leaves the Government 's Heathrow decision in tatters .
Ministers will now have to go back to the drawing board and conduct a broad consultation on key issues where their case is extremely weak . "
Yet a Department for Transport ( DfT ) spokesman said that the judgment made no difference .
" It is completely untrue to suggest the court ruling today means the Government has to re-run the consultation on Heathrow , " he said .
" Today 's judgment in fact upholds our policy and refused to quash our decisions – it changes nothing . "
Close reading of the judgment shows that what Lord Justice Carnwath did do was to order the Government to align its climate change policy with its airport expansion policy – two policies , in fact , which green campaigners say are pointing in opposite directions .
It must do this , the judge said , by making sure that the next National Policy Statement on airports , due in 2011 , takes account of the Climate Change Act 2008 , under which Britain 's legally binding national targets for cutting CO2 emissions are laid down .
However the DfT said that that was going to happen anyway and it would have no bearing on the Heathrow expansion decision .
But the legal fight is not over yet , as the judge said that both sides could come back to him at a later date with further arguments .
World 's busiest airport : A brief history
* 1946 Became a civil airport , using tents as a terminal .
In the first year 63,000 passengers flew to 18 destinations .
* 1951 Annual passenger numbers rose to 796,000 .
* 1952 Designated London 's airport , taking over from Croydon Airport .
* 1953 Construction began on the first modern runway .
Until then it had three shorter runways designed for piston rather than jet aircraft .
* 1955 The first permanent building – Terminal 2 – opened .
* 1961 Terminal 3 opened to handle long - haul flights .
* 1968 Terminal 1 opened .
Fourteen million passengers now using Heathrow annually .
* 1980 Passenger numbers rose to 27 million a year .
* 1986 Terminal 4 opened .
* 2008 Terminal 5 opened .
* 2009 65.9 million passengers .
Government approved third runway .
What is Nature ’s Worst Design ?
Francisco Ayala Answers
" The human reproductive system .
Twenty percent of pregnancies end in spontaneous abortions and miscarriages in the first two months .
In the world , that ’s 20 million abortions per year .
Twenty million abortions per year ?
You would n’t want to blame God for that .
" Francisco Ayala is the Donald Bren Professor of Biological Sciences , Ecology , &Evolutionary Biology and a professor of philosophy at the University of California , Irvine .
He has also been awarded £ 1 million by the Templeton Foundation for propagating such ideas .
For those who believe that Ayala 's defence of evolution in the face of creationists in the USA was a purely scientific stance , think again .
Unlike many Christians in the US , the Vatican has come out against both creationism and ID and in favour of evolution .
Although some may feel that the Galileo affair happened a long time ago , the Vatican is still licking its wounds over this and does not want to appear stupid in the face of overwhelming scientific evidence ever again .
The only way to avoid looking foolish is to concede as much territory to science as is expedient and to draw the line at those issues in which it demands - demands !
- moral superiority or supernatural authority through faith .
We have not come very far from Aquinas and Ayala was acting as the good new Catholic , son of the Vatican II Council .
The above quote by Ayala has to be put into this context .
Catholics are against abortion , so God is also against abortion .
But natural miscarriages are natural and yet Ayala wants to class them as abortions .
But if they are natural then they are part of nature and if God created the universe then he also created natural miscarriages .
The vast majority of the universe will kill you .
Does that make most of creation bad ?
Looking at the universe from the standpoint of such metaphysical fiction then one could be forgiven for thinking that not only does God enjoy playing dice but he also likes a bit of Russian roulette on the side .
Given the loaded nature of the very question , it could be argued that nature 's worst design is the theological mind .
But that would be falling into the trap of thinking that the question itself is meaningful - it is n't ; it 's a theological question masquerading as a scientific one .
The soaring , middle - class rage against government catastrophes , terrorism , and corruptions of all forms is in part due to the immense catastrophes they have seen government and Big Corporations working with government produce in front of their startled eyes over and over again .
The Great Financial Crisis is certainly a colossal catastrophe they have seen crashing all around them , Government officials deny everything and try to blame it all on the local real estate guy or gal who worked with you to get a mortgage for your home , But even the terminally ignorant and dumb see that government did not prevent it and intelligent people are perfectly aware the government not only was the prime mover of it all by getting interest rates below zero in real terms and the government is now giving vast piles of their money to the Big Bank Perps , rewarding the corporate perps for the catastrophe they helped to create .
The Freedom Outlaw&rsq ...
Wolfe , Claire Best Price : $ 14.10 Buy New $ 57.50 ( as of 03:45 EST - Details )
But they are also seeing the government catastrophes erupting ever more frequently everywhere , from Iraq and Afghanistan and Pakistan to Katrina in New Orleans and even to police terrorism in our homes and FDA catastrophes across the board endangering all of us .
You can see this in many ways .
One of the simplest and quickest is to read America ’s biggest magazine aimed at the middle class , general readers — Reader ’s Digest .
It ’s one of the many middle class pulse - checkers and movers I check out all the time to get clear signs that we are passing the tipping points of public opinion on major issue .
Other pulse checkers and movers I check all the time are AARP Magazine , newspapers and TV - news from Fox to PBS , Time and Newsweek , and magazines like Harvard and Princeton and the New Yorker and Atlantic and popular movie and TV reviews — which I normally do not have time for myself .
I find the Digest about the best indicator of mass , middle class , general opinion tipping points .
( AARP is a bit bigger and better for older people . )
The April 2008 issue of The Digest has a good article on “ Can We Trust The FDA ? ”
The answer is a 100 Decibel NO !
The article even points out that many drug problems do not show signs of injury until they ’ve been used for years — hormone replacement used by millions of women for decades is an extreme example , but they note there are many millions of people routinely endangered by Big Pharma drugs not tested for long runs and not followed once approved .
Lies the Government To ... Andrew P. Napolitano Best Price : $ 0.25 Buy New $ 4.46 ( as of 12:15 EST - Details )
The March , 2010 , issue of The Digest has a good summary article about police terrorism entitled “ Terror In The House ” in a standard section called OUTRAGEOUS , very appropriately .
The article has not only the incredible REAL AMERICAN HORROR STORIES but also notes that the SWAT Team Terrors are soaring because the police use these heavily armed , trigger - happy cops for all kinds of nonviolent suspects these days .
They quote Norm Stamper , a decent cop who moved from San Diego to Seattle to become chief there , saying that these cops forget this is a democracy with a Constitution — no excuses boys and girls !
Molon Labe ! Kenneth W. Royce Best Price : $ 8.90 Buy New $ 59.99 ( as of 09:45 EST - Details )
There are lots of these now in these mass circulation , middle class Media .
Only hermits can fail to get the messages and there is lots of evidence that people are convinced , from call - ins , changes in behavior on food and drugs , to political movements .
We have just been through a massive campaign by Big Government , Big Pharma , Big Medicine , Big Media and all their allies to pass a huge central plan for healthcare in America .
The middle classes watched and listened and in the end decided they do n’t trust them and revolted against it .
No one can know what the details are or what they mean in this vast pile of rules and regulations which are not even finalized .
But the people know whatever is there the planners cannot be trusted .
This has already spawned a huge new Tea Party movement and radically changed Party politics at the top , The AARP tried to straddle the issue but went along with the Party on it .
I think The Digest is a better indicator of middle class opinion even on health care .
Outrage against the government at the top is breaking out all over .
The Best of Jack D. Douglas
Sunday 's vote in the House of Representatives is huge for Barack Obama .
He found his voice on healthcare – after the special election in Massachusetts took away his filibuster - proof Senate .
He took an issue that seemed dead , a party in disarray , and an administration on the defensive and rallied them .
President Obama has managed something that eluded Roosevelt , Truman , Kennedy , Nixon , Carter , Clinton , and both Bush Sr and Bush Jr. Winning national health insurance – even this weak version – will be his legacy .
And it restores his reputation as an effective and eloquent force .
Even more important , he avoids a loss that would have diminished his star to the vanishing point .
Lose this and he becomes Jimmy Carter .
Win it and he does what even the greats could not do .
And here 's something people are missing : this was the Democrat 's signature issue .
It has been since 1945 ( when FDR designed a reform and left it as a legacy to Truman who made it the cause of his life ) .
When was the last time a Democratic president rallied his party on one of their issues and overcame fierce Republican opposition ?
Bill Clinton ( 1993 - 2001 ) did not manage it once ; he won essentially Republican issues – budget balance , Nafta , welfare reform .
Jimmy Carter ( 1977 - 81 ) ?
No , again .
To find a Democrat winning a contested victory on a Democratic issue you have to go back to Lyndon Johnson before the 1966 midterm .
Forget the politics for a moment .
On the substance , I 'd consider this the biggest Democratic victory in 45 years .
And the midterm test that everyone is focused on now is shortsighted .
Lyndon Johnson changed America with the Civil Rights Act ( 1964 ) and Medicare ( 1965 ) .
No Democrat and few Republicans would mess with those laws .
Lyndon Johnson usually ranks as a near great president – and without Vietnam he 'd rank even higher .
But he got buried in the 1966 midterm election .
For people with an eye to history , the midterm test is not a reliable one .
Is the health reform good for Republicans ?
No .
They already have the anti-government crowd sewed up .
Before the vote they could make two arguments : 1 . Democrats can't get anything done ; 2 . And what they want to do is bad – too much government .
Now , they lose the " Democrats are ineffectual " argument .
As to the second argument , the Dems have a chance to prove them wrong with an actual programme .
But there 's one final point that no one should miss .
The politics continues .
Democrats have a chance to reframe this debate and take their momentum on to other issues .
Republicans will try to keep portraying Democrats as wild and out of control .
But look at how zany the politics have been .
The Republicans dominated that debate for a year .
Then , crazily , they won a long - shot special election – and promptly lost control of the debate .
Nothing became Obama so much as his response to a stinging defeat .
What 's next ?
Here 's the irresistible conclusion : expect the unexpected .
LAST year may have been a bad one for many of America 's financial institutions ( and the government and taxpayers that bailed them out ) , but it seems it was a good one for their employees .
Those still in a job pocketed an average bonus of $ 123,850 in 2009 , according to initial estimates using tax returns by the Office of the New York State Comptroller .
A total of $ 20.3 billion was paid out to bankers and other securities - industry workers , 17 % more than in 2008 .
Profits were on course to bounce back to $ 55 billion , after combined losses for Wall Street 's finance houses of $ 43 billion in 2008 .
AFP
Mr Havron 's family said they were " extremely worried " about him Police are continuing to search for a teenager who has been missing since a night out in York on Friday .
Jonathan Havron , from Huntington , was last seen by his friends at 2130 GMT in Yates 's bar in the city centre .
Police now believe the 18 - year - old was in The Artful Dodger pub on Micklegate later that night until the early hours of Saturday .
Mr Havron 's mother and sister said it was " completely out of character " for him to go missing .
' Please contact police ' Joanne Wigmore and sister Nikita Ashby said : " We know he would contact us if he was able to and so we are extremely worried .
" If anyone knows anything at all , no matter how small you may think the piece of information is , please contact the police . "
The women said Mr Havron enjoyed nights in with his friends , playing computer games , and was a " happy " student at Bishop Burton College .
They said he had ambitions to join the police and had a " strong interest in forensic science " .
They added : " Jonathan has a 100 % attendance record at college and so this is extremely unusual for him to be missing like this . "
Leather jacket Police are continuing to search the Foss and Ouse rivers and the city centre for Mr Havron .
They have appealed for anyone with information or anyone who saw Mr Havron in The Artful Dodger pub to come forward .
He is described as 5ft 8in ( 1.7 m ) tall , with dark brown hair and blue eyes .
He was last seen wearing blue jeans , a white shirt , black leather jacket and dark walking boots .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Lewis Hamilton feels in retrospect that he could have managed his relationship with Fernando Alonso better when they were team - mates at McLaren in 2007 .
But the Briton remains adamant that he has never enjoyed any special treatment from his team , and that McLaren did its utmost to give both its drivers equal support .
Hamilton and Alonso's partnership famously collapsed in rancour as the 2007 season progressed , and the Spaniard parted company with McLaren to return to Renault at the end of the year .
Although Hamilton now admits that he ' misunderstood ' the situation within the team , he remains sceptical about Alonso 's inference that McLaren prioritised Hamilton because of its long relationship with him .
" At the beginning of my first year I was up alongside the two - time world champion and he was seen as the guy to win the world championship and I think at the time I misinterpreted and misunderstood the goals and the understanding of how the team worked , " Hamilton told the BBC .
" But since I 've been here they do everything to give us individually the best package possible .
I 've never had more than the guy next to me , we 've always had equal opportunity , which is the greatest thing in a team .
" It 's not easy to manage that , because one guy can be ahead of the other .
" Inevitably people say things sometimes when they have n't done so well .
You say things out of anger ; you say things that you potentially do n't mean .
That 's how I see it from the others . "
Hamilton reiterated his confidence that there will be no problems between him and new team - mate Jenson Button at McLaren this season .
" It 's different , " said Hamilton .
" We 've learnt from experiences .
We understand each other very well . "
Virtual Event
CIOs are acutely aware of the challenge of building flexible , scalable systems fit for this new reality , and they are the ones who will get a knock on their ( virtual ) door if something goes wrong .
During this virtual roundtable , with our partners Aerospike , you will get the opportunity to discuss these challenges with your peers .
Critics say the decision to approve the cultivation of a genetically modified potato and the use of three types of GM maize ' puts profit before people '
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The EU has approved the cultivation of a genetically modified potato and the use of three types of altered maize , saying they do n't pose a health risk .
The go - ahead for the Amflora potato – developed by BASF SE , based in Ludwigshafen , Germany – was the first green light in 12 years to grow a genetically modified food in the EU .
Critics accused the European commission of pandering to corporate interests at the expense of public health .
The EU executive also approved the marketing of three genetically modified maize products from Monsanto , based in St Louis , Missouri , for food and feed purposes – though not their cultivation .
The EU 's public health commissioner , John Dalli , said the EU executive is only guided by science in approving genetically modified organisms , which is an issue of fierce debate in Europe .
" Responsible innovation will be my guiding principle when dealing with innovative technologies , " he said at a news conference .
There were no scientific reasons to delay the approvals , he said .
The first approval request for the Amflora dates back to 2003 .
Dalli said the potato will produce starch for paper production to help save " raw materials , energy , water and oil - based chemicals " .
Though widely used in the US , genetically modified foods face opposition in Europe , where critics see them as a health and environmental risk .
Opposition is strong in the UK , Austria , Italy , Hungary , Greece and France .
Some EU countries ban them , fearing their seeds will accidentally spread and alter the natural surroundings ; others do not .
Martin Haeusling , a Green EU Parliament member , said Dalli showed " flagrant support for industry interests " , claiming 70 % of EU consumers oppose genetically manipulated food .
" There are serious concerns about an Amflora gene that is resistant to antibiotics , " he said .
Heike Moldenhauer , a spokesperson for the Friends of the Earth Europe environmental group , said the EU decision " puts profit before people ...
There are clear health concerns surrounding this GM potato . "
The Italian government also objected .
" We are against the decision ... that grants the permission to cultivate a genetically modified potato , " said Italy 's agriculture minister , Luca Zaia .
The German government said the Amflora potato will be grown in eastern Germany but not on an industrial scale .
Amflora and the three genetically modified maize varieties had already been approved by the European Food Safety Authority .
Dalli approved the three maize varieties after EU governments failed to come to an agreement on the issue , effectively leaving the decision to the EU executive .
In the final sprint ahead of the Nov. 3 election , both President Donald Trump and Democratic nominee Joe Biden have ramped up their campaign travel despite the ongoing coronavirus pandemic .
Starting in September , Biden abandoned his months - long virtual campaign from his basement in Delaware while Trump has accelerated his travel and is once again welcoming crowds at some events .
Here ’s a look at the campaign trail stops made by Trump , Biden , their spouses and running mates since Sept.
1 .
Bluebird Care one of Irelands leading health and social care providers was set up in Ireland in 2007 .
We pride ourselves in providing high quality safe and effective care in the home and community , for persons of all ages with varying degrees of ability .
Bluebird Care place the customer at the heart and center of every interaction providing care and support with kindness , compassion , consideration and respect .
Bluebird Care provides direct care to customers on behalf of the HSE and other agencies in addition to providing services to customers in a private capacity .
Our services enable our customers to live as independent a life as possible in the comfort of their own homes .
With 26 offices nationwide we are committed to the on - going training and development of staff .
Quality and safety is at the core of all our work and every office , independently owned and managed , possess the Q Mark for Quality .
The last time I wrote about Buzz , Google 's new Gmail add - on that lets you share links and pictures with friends , I said I loved the feature and left it there .
In other words , I completely underestimated / missed the big story of the week , which was that privacy complaints have swarmed and covered Buzz like bees on a bee keeper .
The accusations were serious .
To provide early Buzz users with a built - in network of friends , Google automatically culled each Gmail user 's most frequent contacts , and publicized the list in their profile .
For some , the make - up of that list was innocuous .
For others who use email to correspond with acquaintances who are n't friends ( like plumbers or kids ' teachers ) or worse , acquaintances who are n't public ( like secret sources and secret lovers ) , Google 's reveal was an embarrassing and unnecessary breach of trust .
The Buzz breach was without question a mistake -- just as it was a mistake for Facebook to upchuck its users ' photos onto the Web during its last privacy " update . "
But the amazing vitriol these episodes produced make me wonder whether I 'm way toward the indifferent end of the outrage spectrum .*
This is me speaking entirely personally , so do n't mistake what I 'm about to say for objective analysis about The Age of Google : I do not really care about my privacy online .
I never think about it .
If I send a very personal email to a friend about , say , a relationship with a girl in Boston and the small Gmail banner ad whispers " Expedia : Low Prices to Boston ! "
I notice , but do n't really care .
When I sense that Facebook is scanning my Interests and Activities in my profile because it 's offering me tickets to one of five bands I 've listed as favorites , I notice , and do n't really care .
Collection of front and back covers of Picture Romances , a digest format romance comic .
This particular set , from 1967 , was brought to America from Mashhad , Iran .
This set at hi-res on flickr
Heck , Microsoft really were n’t kidding when they said Windows 7 was the fastest - selling operating system in the world .
NetApplications released its figures for January 2010 , and it seems that after only three months of availability , Microsoft ’s latest baby has already hit the 10 % market share mark .
This may seem like a rather arbitrary percentage – or even a low one – but trust me , it ’s actually pretty impressive .
Windows Vista was released exactly three years ago , and is currently hovering around the 20 % mark .
Windows 7 reached 4 % of the market in just one month ; it took Windows Vista seven months to get there .
Of course , much ( more than 95 % , actually ) of this has to do with the fact that people get Windows pre-installed when they buy a computer – and sadly , the ( perceived ) dependence on Windows is that strong that most shops see no reason to stock up on Linux machines .
While I would love to see a more diverse landscape there , I can’t really blame shopkeepers for sticking to what sells .
At the same time , the difference in growth with Vista shows quite clearly just how much people did not like Vista .
In something that is surely not surprising to anyone , most Windows 7 users are former Windows Vista or XP users ; in other words , Windows competes with Windows .
Mac OS X nor Linux saw any major shifts since Windows 7 ’s release ; no gains , no losses .
This might not be of interest to you , but to me , it ’s a miracle of modern science .
How KolibriOS squeezes all that into 1.44 Mb is beyond mortal comprehension .
And it ’s not just that there ’s a blinking cursor attached to a terminal somewhere , but an entire graphical system , complete with notepads , system monitors , games , utilities and more nifty doodads than you can shake a stick at .
The mind boggles .
Like anything it ’s dependent upon hardware , but you ’re looking at the same 120 Mhz Pentium I use on a daily basis with Debian against the framebuffer .
Run - of - the - mill it is not .
And would n’t you know it , the touchpad is perfect ( in fact , better than Linux , since it does n’t have X’s odd tracking behavior ) , keymap is … well , it ’s a Japanese keyset , so I am forgiving in that department … video is quick and responsive , powerdown is lightning fast ( even if startup is rather slow , coming off floppy of course ) , and even the conventional PC speaker ( you do remember the chirpy PC speaker , do n’t you ? ) works fine .
I can see where there is support for SoundBlaster cards , but to be honest I did n’t try setting it up .
That might even work , you never can tell .
Hardware is going to be where it falls down too , of course .
I do n’t know how much it can do with network cards , and add to that the need for PCMCIA support , and add to that the need for wireless support , and short of a standard desktop PCI network card I do n’t how useful ( in a conventional , I - must - connect - to - the - Internet - or - I - will - go - into - withdrawal sense ) it can be .
On a standalone offline machine I would endorse this in a heartbeat ; on an online machine that has whatever networking hardware it can do , I would insist upon it .
This is a great , full - blown operating system with a horde of additional goodies , and at the same time it ’s a marvel to watch in action and prettier than most ultralight distributions based on other software .
Granted , it ’s not Linux , but with something this light , this functional and this cute , how can you complain ?
The revelation will put further pressure on Israel to come clean about what it knows following widespread speculation about the involvement of Mossad , the Israeli intelligence agency , in the killing , although other organisations have not been ruled out .
Rome , Italy ( CNN ) --
" The devil tempts everyone -- people in politics , in economics , in sport .
And naturally , he tempts , above all , the religious leaders , so you should n't be surprised if the devil tempts those in the Vatican .
That 's his job . "
Father Gabriele Amorth is n't speaking metaphorically when he says that .
The 85 - year - old priest means people can be tempted and literally possessed by Satan .
" It 's not my opinion : I 'm saying that if you believe in the Gospels , you believe in the existence of the devil , in the devil 's power to possess people , " he said in an interview with CNN .
The faithful believe " that there are people possessed by the devil , and ... in the power of exorcism to liberate from the devil , " he said .
And as the chief exorcist of the Roman Catholic Church , it 's his job to expel the devil when someone is possessed .
Amorth , the founder of the International Association of Exorcists , has performed more than 70,000 exorcisms in his career , he estimates .
But there is a difference between possession -- where the devil takes hold of someone 's body and actions -- and temptation , where Satan lures a person into doing evil , he said .
As a child abuse scandal sweeps across Europe , with accusations being made against priests in Ireland , Germany , Austria and the Netherlands , Amorth said the pedophiles are tempted , not possessed .
He has never done an exorcism on a child molester , he said .
" I have carried out exorcisms on some priests who had been molested by the devil , " he said , without going into details .
" But cases of pedophilia exorcised , no .
...
Pedophiles are not possessed by the devil , they are tempted by the devil , " he said .
" They do n't need exorcism , they need to be converted , to be converted to God , that 's what they need .
They need to confess , they need true penitence , true repentance , that 's what they need .
They 're not possessed . "
But no one is too strong a believer to be possessed , said Amorth , who is employed by the Roman diocese .
" Nothing occurs without the permission of God , and he allows even holy people , even saints , to be possessed by the devil , " he said .
But , he added , he sees no evil in the Vatican today : " I just see good people in the Vatican .
People of prayer , holy people , I do n't see any evil . "
The contracts , which were established in December 2007 , were intended to keep people from leaving the company and called for the bonuses to be paid in regular installments to more than 400 employees in the unit .
The final payment , which was for about $ 198 million , was due in mid-March , but was accelerated to Wednesday as part of the agreement to reduce its size .
Fearing a firestorm like the one last spring , A.I.G. had been working with the Treasury ’s special master for compensation , Kenneth R. Feinberg , on a compromise that would allow it to keep its promise in part , without offending taxpayers .
The agreement calls for employees who still work for the financial products unit to accept 10 percent cutbacks , while employees who have left the company must take 20 percent cuts .
Those employees are still entitled to their bonuses under the contract , which adheres to the scheduled payments even if people have lost their jobs .
The financial products unit has shed almost 200 people as it has wound down A.I.G. ’s derivatives business .
A.I.G. has told all the affected people that if they do not accept the reduced amounts , they will get no bonus at all , according to a person with knowledge of the agreement .
But some people have not agreed to the cutbacks and are insisting on the entire amounts .
People with knowledge of the negotiations said that a vast majority of those still employed at A.I.G. had accepted the cuts , but only about a third of the former employees had done so .
I put this together on Tuesday , with data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
It shows the price of different foods and beverages over the last three decades .
The price of each food or beverage is set equal to 1 in January 1978 , and the chart then shows how the price has changed since then .
It ’s a fairly striking pattern .
Unhealthful foods , with the exceptions of cookies ( the blue line ) , have gotten a lot cheaper .
Relative to the price of everything else in the economy , sodas ( the orange line ) are 33 percent cheaper than they were in 1978 .
Butter ( dark brown ) is 29 percent cheaper .
Beer ( gray ) is 15 percent cheaper .
Fish ( the yellow line ) , by contrast , is 2 percent more expensive .
Vegetables ( purple ) are 41 percent more expensive .
Fruits ( green ) are 46 percent more expensive .
The price of oranges , to take one extreme example ( not shown in the chart ) , has more than doubled , relative to everything else .
So if in 1978 , a bag of oranges cost the same as one big bottle of soda , today that bag costs the same as three big bottles of soda .
In my column this morning , I mention that the average 18 - year - old today is 15 pounds heavier than the average 18 year - old in the late 1970s .
Adults have put on even more weight during that period .
The average woman in her 60s is 20 pounds heavier than the average 60 - something woman in the late 1970s .
The average man in his 60s is 25 pounds heavier .
When you look at the chart , you start to understand why .
Thanks to the powers of the open - source Arduino platform , the mustachioed plumber of console video game fame has been converted into an eight - by - eight LED matrix by Carnegie Mellon University student Chloe Fan .
And , yes , she 's even made a separate Arduino device to give her side - scrolling adventure the classic Mario theme .
The open - source Arduino electronics platform has received a ton of attention from the hardware enthusiast community .
And one more follower is joining the fray -- Mario himself .
The mustachioed plumber of console video game fame has been converted into an eight - by - eight LED matrix by Carnegie Mellon University student Chloe Fan .
And , yes , she 's even made a separate Arduino device to give her side - scrolling adventure the classic Mario theme .
Super Mario Bros on an 8x8 LED matrix from Chloe Fan on Vimeo .
The game is n't quite the Mario you know from your legacy Nintendo Entertainment System ( or current - generation Wii ) .
For starters , it 's just lights :
While one often sees the game 's LED - backed grid used in devices like the open - source Monome , where it can function as a push - button toggle for music beats and effects , Fan 's version of Mario uses the grid as a display only .
Mario -- or rather , a one - light representation of the game 's hero -- is controlled NES - style through the use of two buttons .
One button makes Mario move forward ; the other makes him leap into the air .
Obviously , certain elements are missing from this stripped - down version of the famous platform - scroller .
Unlike Nintendo's version , there are n't any objects to interact with , nor can you really do anything save for make a little light move from platform to platform .
If you scroll forward too quickly and accidentally bump Mario off the screen , the level automatically restarts -- a harsh punishment for those who do n't quite master the separate jumping and forwarding routines .
So why does this matter ?
For starters , it 's a unique combination of open - source hardware and software development that 's recreated a classic element from video game culture on relatively simple , inexpensive equipment .
Ardiuno is a free , open - source electronics platform that comes with a full set of schematics for assembly ( and subsequent tweaking ) of a hardware microcontroller .
Lazier developers can purchase pre-configured Ardiuno boards from a variety of sources , and the specific C/C++ coding environment -- Ardiuno 's language -- is configurable via open - source software across a variety of operating systems .
Launched in 2005 , Ardiuno has served as the backbone for a number of other unique projects across the Web .
Its ability to register inputs from multiple sensors and communicate with different pieces of software running on a conventional desktop system allows the microcontroller to wear many different hats , including :
My Daft Punk helmet from Casey Pugh on Vimeo .
I really love the research that they 're doing over at Yale 's Haskins Laboratories : instead of studying speech perception and production in terms of faithfully replicating alllll of the sounds we make with our mouths , ( like the minute clicks , pops , and hisses of consonants ) , the team is proposing that all we need to understand speech is to track and re-create a few select resonances of the vocal tract .
I like to think of speech production in this context as a series of bottles with varying levels of water in them –the mouth is one bottle that changes pitch resonance when you move it to open it or close it , the nasal cavity another , and so on throughout the vocal tract .
It ends up sounding like a bunch of complicated melodies that are then combined into a complex micro-tonal harmony , a.k.a. , we 're all better at perceiving and making music than we think we are !
The examples below break it down into isolated sine - wave patterns that you can combine yourself to build a sentence .
What do you think ?
How easily can you hear words emerge ?
Tone combinations
If you like this , you can go here for more interactive demonstrations , or check out this great sine - wave - synthesized Robert Frost poem .
Thanks to Robert E. Remez , as well as Phillip Rubin and Jennifer Pardo at Haskins Labs for allowing me to embed their work here .
Coming up , I 'll be writing about a cool ethnographic example of a language that actually uses something like this in practice !
More than anything , Sony 's lost its spirit , spending too much time telling us it's the greatest electronics company in the world and not nearly enough showing us .
Advertisement
Proprietary Formats
Sony 's last huge format hit was a product called " Compact Disc " .
You might have heard of it .
Spinning plastic wheel with pits in the bottom ?
Read by lasers ?
Co-developed with Philips ?
Advertisement
It took a couple of years for CDs to take hold , but once they did , Sony raked in the cash .
Not only by selling players , but by manufacturing CDs for themselves and others .
It 's a huge part of their business even today , as Sony DADC produces not just CDs , but DVDs , Blu-ray , and PlayStation discs in facilities around the world .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Sony became spoiled .
For decades , a success in a new media format meant that Sony could expect to make money selling the media itself .
Through the ' 80s and '90s , they became less inclined to share the market .
Sony developed the 3.5 - inch floppy disc drive for computers which found wide adoption as blank discs were available from a variety of manufacturers .
MiniDisc followed , but with less success .
In 1998 as the flash memory market started to warm up , Sony introduced Memory Stick , what eventually became an entire family of expensive flash memory formats that were not compatible with devices from any other manufacturers .
And do n't forget the Blu-ray vs. HD - DVD war .
Sony eventually won that one , but the battle continued for such a long time because neither consortium wanted to lose the market to produce media for consumers — consumers who were increasingly getting their content online .
Advertisement
See the problem ?
Time and again , Sony took an excellently engineered solution and held it tightly , the better to extract big profits .
But every generation , every iteration , Sony 's need to control the format became more and more of a liability .
Even loyal
Sony customers could tell the proprietary formats were a screw job , eroding their happiness with their Sony product every time they had to shell out a premium to buy a Sony - authorized blank .
Unwillingness to Commit
Sony is rife with good ideas .
Too afraid to commit to each one fully , Sony instead releases a ridiculous number of products in an attempt to see which might take hold , making many that seem like one - off oddities that even Sony does n't believe in .
Advertisement
Take " Bravia Link " , the streaming media box that Sony decided to sell as a $ 200 aftermarket option for its televisions while Sony 's competitors were integrating similar services right into the TV .
Worse , Sony sells the PlayStation 3 .
Why not integrate the streaming service into that , adding value to the PS3 and buy - in of its customers ?
Or what about the Party - shot Automatic Photographer , a dock that works with just two models of Sony 's point - and - shoot cameras to automatically compose and shoot portraits of party - goers .
Great idea — so why is n't it just built into every camera Sony makes ?
Advertisement
Nintendo ate Sony 's lunch with the Wii—so Sony is building a Wiimote clone for the PS3 .
Netbooks were hot — so
Sony built a netbook twice as expensive as its competitors with little performance difference then let it fade away in the market after spending millions on its launch campaign .
Advertisement
Sony released the first e-ink reader years before the Kindle — in Japan only .
And it was nearly impossible to load your own content onto it .
And it took years to get a solid online library and store together .
According to estimates from Forrester Research , Sony had only sold about 50,000 of its Readers before Amazon entered the game with the Kindle .
It took a competitor with a superior product to convince customers it was time to look at e-ink readers at all .
And the non-strategic advantage of being the only reader sold in brick - and - mortar stores for Sony to get the # 2 market share it had at last tally .
Advertisement
Apple announced the iPad —so Sony says the tablet market is a " space [ they ] would like to be an active player in . "
I am sighing preemptively for the beautiful black slate that Sony will release in 2011 , then never upgrade again .
In the meantime Sony is pushing its new Chumby - based Dash device , or as you may recognize it , a five - inch thick touchscreen tablet that you have to keep plugged into a wall .
Advertisement
For a brief moment , Sony 's Vaio notebooks were among the most beautiful and colorful around .
But it did n't take long for Sony 's larger notebook competitors like HP to catch up on design — while Sony continued to charge a premium for their now stock - standard " pretty " laptops .
Gartner analyst Leslie Fiering put it damningly : " They 've been status quo for so long that it 's hard to see signs of change .
If they continue on the path they 're on , they 're going to continue to be an also - ran . "
That 's today 's Sony : an also - ran who wants to be respected like a market leader .
For homework , Sony could start with these three studies from Stanford School of Business : " Too Much Choice Can Hurt Brand Performance " ; " Asking Consumers to Compare May Have Unintended Results " ; and " For Buyers , More Choice Means Better Quality " .
Advertisement
That last one might seem bolster Sony 's shotgun marketing plan until you read this warning : " In one study , for example , consumers gave top ratings to a restaurant that offered a wide variety of dishes in one category — Thai food .
But when that restaurant was portrayed as offering not only Thai food but also food in other categories , consumer ratings went down .
' In some cases , having a lot of unrelated options is a signal to the consumer that the brand is not focused , and therefore can't be very good . ' "
Arrogance
There 's no better example of the arrogance of the modern Sony than the launch of the PlayStation 3 .
It was the last of the current generation of game consoles to market .
It cost more than all its competitors .
Kaz Hirai , then president and CEO of Sony Computer Entertainment America and now the head of the entire ball of wax worldwide , said infamously , " The next generation does n't start until we say it does . "
Advertisement
People were rolling their eyes at Sony even as Hirai and his executive team made those lofty statements — but our eyes flipped all the way into the backs of our skulls after Sony spent the next three years struggling in a videogame market they once dominated .
Why Sony would present this cocky face to the world is impossible to understand , until you realize that it 's the sort of self - delusional bluster , pre-game trash talk , from a team that has n't won a championship in years .
Advertisement
It 's clear in their marketing and press relations , too .
Sony is always quick to throw a big party , launch some laptop with a silly event like a fashion show , or hand press review units out to lifestyle magazines but not technical publications .
Having had one accidental lifestyle product success with the Walkman , Sony mistakenly believes that its products are stylish — when in fact the Walkman became a style icon despite its often garish or pedestrian looks .
Advertisement
If you think this is too harsh an appraisal , think about the many Sony products that arbitrarily ended up in our 50 Worst Gadgets of the Decade roundup .
Almost all of them are guilty of more than one of the above infractions , and some — such as the $ 1900 solid - brass MiniDisc player above , a key device in the short - lived Qualia luxury line — are the glorious embodiment of all three .
Worst Gadgets Gallery CueCat
If you subscribed to a magazine in 2000 , there was a decent chance you were sent a CueCat , … Read more
Advertisement
I believe Sony has the chutzpah to do more than make me - too products — they 're capable of making market - expanding products that become household names .
But until they take a hard look at themselves in an honest light , Sony will continue to embarrass themselves by remaining the company that says they 're bringing us the future — then sells us products even they do n't believe in .
– With reporting by Brian Barrett and Don Nguyen
The complete " We Miss Sony " series
• Video : Describe Sony In A Word
• How Sony Lost Its Way
• Sony's Engineer Brothers
• Infographic : Sony's Overwhelming Gadget Line-Up
• The Sony Timeline : Birth , Rise , and Decadence
• Let 's Make .
Believe Sony's Ads Make Sense
• The Return of Sony
Advertisement
Every 30 minutes , all of the blood in our bodies is filtered through two fist - size kidneys .
But diseases such as diabetes can cause them to fail , leading to a build - up of chemicals in the blood that without dialysis ( mechanical blood filtration ) or a kidney transplant would be fatal .
And the wait for a new kidney can be long , unless someone you know is willing to give one of theirs to you .
Each year , more than 6,000 healthy people in the U.S. donate a kidney to someone they know .
About half are blood relatives of the kidney recipient .
The other half are spouses , friends or acquaintances .
But about 100 come forward wishing to anonymously give the gift of glomeruli ( the basic filtration units of the kidney ) to someone they 've never met .
" All these folks are heroes making a big difference in someone else 's life , " says transplant surgeon Dorry Segev , describing the willingness of donors " to undergo an operation which carries a risk and gives them no benefit . "
You only need one kidney to live .
But the operation required to remove a kidney and the risk of developing disease in the remaining one later in life make the decision to donate not one to be taken lightly .
" It 's our job to quantify the risks and make sure those risks stay as small as they can , " Segev says .
Segev and his team from Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in Baltimore studied mortality among 80,000 kidney donors over the past 15 years , comparing them to healthy people with both kidneys .
The study , published March 10 in JAMA The Journal of the American Medical Association — 60 years after the first kidney transplant in the U.S. — found no increase in mortality in donors once they recover from the operation .
" With this study we 're able to say that whatever happens to people physiologically after kidney donation — it does n't cause a premature death , " Segev says .
" After donating a kidney a person can live exactly the way they lived before donating — a long , healthy , active life with virtually no restrictions at all . "
Whereas the mortality rate was no different among donors and healthy people one year after donation , three in 10,000 donors died within 90 days after surgery — a surgical mortality rate one sixth that for gall bladder removal and one fortieth that for nondonor kidney removal .
Males , African - Americans and sufferers of hypertension were at a higher risk for postoperative death — a finding that Segev says is consistent with the general risk of surgery .
Segev hopes that the study will make people more aware of the major problems surrounding kidney disease , such as the profound organ shortage , wait - list mortality , and the poor quality of life for people on dialysis .
" I hope that those things will inspire donors , and that our study will help quantify the risks so they can make intelligent choices , " Segev says .
Although donors are carefully screened before the procedure , he stresses that there are risks .
" It 's still a major operation .
You 're still living with one kidney .
People still need to think about it and be aware of the risks in taking on this heroic act , " he says .
Donors are advised to see a doctor once a year after removal , in hopes that any trouble ( like disease in the remaining kidney ) would be caught early .
Hatem al - Ghoul does not know who attacked his salon with small bombs - twice
By Jon Donnison
BBC News , Gaza
" Maybe I will emigrate to Somalia or Afghanistan , " says hairdresser Adnan Barakat with a wry smile .
" There 's no life for me in Gaza . "
Mr Barakat is one of only five or six male hairdressers in the Gaza Strip who cut women 's hair .
He has been serving female clients at his small salon in Gaza City for more than 25 years .
But he worries Hamas 's new policy banning men from cutting women's hair could put an end to that .
" If they come and shut me down , I will just be left to sit at home and watch TV like all the other unemployed people with no life , " he says .
Unemployment is about 40 % in the blockaded Gaza Strip , according to the United Nations .
Tinted windows
Mr Barakat 's shop has tinted windows and curtains so you can not see in , giving it a slightly seedy feel .
Apart from him , men are not allowed in when women are there .
We wait outside until all the women customers have left .
Inside , it is not seedy at all - just an ordinary hair salon complete with mirrors , dryers and dated glossy photos of 1980s Western women with big hair .
I do n't think the decision will actually go ahead .
Hamas are always making laws like this
Nagham Mohanna Mr Barakat says a lot of his customers are foreigners , or from Gaza 's Christian minority of about 3,000 .
Some of his clients are liberal Muslims .
But it is not a big market , with only three or four female customers a day .
Gaza 's population is almost entirely Muslim and is generally regarded as more socially conservative than the West Bank .
Most women in the streets wear a headscarf , for reasons of religion and tradition - though the scarves come in a wide array of colours and styles .
In the main park in the city centre , I cannot find any women who would want a man to cut their hair .
Tradition Naveen , in her 20s , dressed in jeans and a T - shirt with a brightly - coloured , sparkly head scarf , says it is " not about what Hamas says " .
" It 's about Islam and our traditions .
Men do n't cut women 's hair .
It 's normal here . "
In that respect , the new Hamas policy seems to be in line with many people 's views .
Adnan Barakat 's salon has mirror - glass windows so no - one can see in
Ehab al - Hussein , a spokesman for the Hamas interior ministry , is reluctant to even talk about the issue .
" The Western media is obsessed with stories like this , " he says .
" This is not a big deal here .
It 's a social thing .
It 's tradition . "
So why bother at all - given that there are so few hairdressers in question ?
" We have had a lot of problems with families who do n't want their female relatives having their hair cut by men , " Mr Hussein says .
Attacks
Some such hairdressers have actually been attacked .
" They came twice in the middle of the night and blew up my salon with small bombs , once in 2007 and once in 2008 , " says Hatem al - Ghoul .
Mr Ghoul , also Muslim , does not know who was behind the attacks , though some in Gaza suspect extremist Islamic groups who consider Hamas to be too liberal .
Mr Ghoul 's assistant was not sure about letting another man cut his wife 's hair Mr Hussein admitted there had been attacks on hairdressers by " extremist individuals " , but , he added , not just on salons where men cut women 's hair .
There have been suggestions Hamas may have introduced the new hairdresser law to try to stem criticism from more hard - line Islamist groups .
" This is not true at all , " says Ehab al - Hussein .
" This has nothing to do with extremist groups . "
Uncertain future Hamas has already tried to introduce new rules to oblige female lawyers to cover their hair in court and to make high - school girls wear long dresses .
But they have been enforced patchily .
Another young woman , Nagham Mohanna , 24 , from Gaza City , doubted the hairdressing restrictions would be enforced .
" I do n't think the decision will actually go ahead .
Hamas are always making laws like this , " she said .
So far none of the hairdressers who cut women's hair have actually been shut down .
But the future of hairdressers like Mr Barakat and Mr Ghoul seems uncertain given the low level of demand .
Nevertheless , says Mr Ghoul , " women should have the right to choose - it should n't be up to Hamas " .
I ask his assistant Mohammed whether he would want another man to cut his wife 's hair .
He smiles .
There 's a long pause .
" Yes if he was a good hairdresser and a good man .
But why would she need to when she has me ? "
Mohammed asks .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you live in New York , you know Central Park is - despite smog - spewing cars blazing through it , kids who shit everywhere , dogs who shit everywhere , tourists who 're everywhere , and facepalm - worthy Beatles tributes at Strawberry Fields - pretty magical .
But !
The magical coyotes of Central Park are being taken away from us by people who are scared they 're going to , like , bite you or something .
But seeing one is , as evidenced by this New York item , so awesome :
The three people followed the coyote as it wandered west .
The Nashville man began using a flash on his camera .
This seemed to irritate the coyote .
Suddenly , it crossed the ice warily , then jumped a fence at a low point , taking the very walkway the humans were using .
It was a week in which a whale trainer was killed by an orca and Travis , the Xanax - fed , human - attacking chimp , made the news again , yet Gardner followed the coyote eagerly .
Then , it walked up the stairs , toward Central Park South , the lamppost light on the slick sidewalks making its exit seem very noir .
If you looked , you could find its big non -dog - like tracks in the snow .
Because people in New York — whether you 're just visiting , or live here — are exceptionally stupid and especially exceptionally crazy , particularly in Central Park , this big , beautiful , urban - rural landscape sandwiched between a bunch of senile - bound hyper - intellectual liberal Jews and a bunch of senile - bound hyper - capitalist WASPs ( and Jews ) and , uh , Harlem .
How can you not be ?
But Central Park needs to stay magical .
It 's like Narnia , except we can't keep all the assholes out .
Anyway .
Here are some creatures that we need to preserve in Central Park :
1. Muggers .
Not that I want to get mugged or not that I think other people getting mugged is a good thing , but really , Central Park having an element of danger to it does keep out lots of people who mostly just get in your way when you 're there .
Also , it would help people move faster , maybe , and if there 's anything you hate about Central Park , it 's that people are slower than they need to be in places you should n't be allowed to be slow .
Maybe we could subsidize muggers with taxpayer money , and get them to mug slow tourists or loud assholes or people who let their dogs shit everywhere without cleaning it up , and then they can take that money and put it towards the MTA deficit .
Also , people will start taking the N/R/ W , 4/5/6 , and I guess kind of the F/V when they hear about the scary muggers in Central Park , which will also chip away at the MTA deficit .
Of course , this does n't matter because the MTA is run by the biggest bunch of bureaucratic buttfaces ( yes , " buttfaces , " that 's a technical designation , also see : " assfaces " or " fuckfaces " for higher - ranking members ) ever , so this might not matter .
But it 's worth a shot .
2 . Weed smokers .
Why do you think the New York branch of Marijuana Anonymous is on 57th and 8th ?
Smoking weed in Central Park is a time - honored tradition , recognized by pop culture in film ( the first episode of Gossip Girl , Igby Goes Down , etc ) and music ( like , every Simon and Garfunkel song , and that one Harry Nilsson song , and not the one by Randy Newman about the dancing bear and borrowing a coat , but that one , too ) , now only carried out by the few daring locals who have their spots and do n't fear getting fucked in the ass with a police baton , which cops in New York are now allowed to do when they find weed smokers .
The faint smell of a nearby marijuana smoker is a beautiful one , certainly better than the dogshit you just stepped on .
Smoking weed in New York is already a kinda magical experience : the weed comes to you .
People who do n't live in New York , you know we get our drugs delivered , right ?
Anyway , the point is that there really is n't a better place to get high in New York , because when you see coyotes , apparently , they 're actually coyotes .
Also , there are swings and rowboats and ducks to feed and laugh at .
The rowboats are an especially great place to get high .
Anyway , New York should make Central Park a " safe zone " for public weed smokers .
And then the muggers could mug them and donate their weed to people who need it .
Like me .
Smoking weed in Central Park is also a blast of nostalgia , and who does n't like nostalgia ?
Do you see what I 'm saying , man ?
Have you ever been called Maurice ?
You 'd enjoy it .
3. Coyotes .
As previously mentioned .
Beautiful , majestic creatures who will eat New York 's Burberry - clad kickdogs and Bugaboo - shuttled babies for a light snack .
Necessary for natural selection and totally awesome weed experiences .
If you follow one , it may take you to a magical places , like the lines of a New York Magazine piece , or a new weed - smoking spot , or Harlem .
Or eat you .
It might eat you .
4. Gay pickups .
Okay , so , not being a gay man and all , I do n't know what the status of these guys are , but I know they existed at one point .
Basically , if you were gay , you could go to Central Park and get your fuck on and maybe catch something .
Straight people are n't cool or adventurous enough to live like this — at least none of the straight people I know , and maybe I just do n't have cool enough friends — but I know that there are probably less than there were when Tony Kushner wrote that scene into Angels in America when Ben Shenkman tries to have sex with the leather - clad pickup who lives with his mother .
You know what I 'm talking about .
Anyway , this is almost totally unselfish of me because I do n't really benefit from this but more leather - clad gay pickups in Central Park will definitely keep more conservative ( read : slower walking ) tourists out .
So it 's not totally selfless .
5. The Casual Runner .
" All runners look like spacemen , now , " notes Night Editor ninja Adrian Chen .
He 's correct !
Running should be a low - maintenance thing !
You know how they do it in Philly ?
Well , lemme tell you this : they do n't need an expensive space - suit to do it , you bougie pussies .
You gonna let Philly show us how it 's done ?
6. Roller skaters .
Not rollerbladers , mind you , but roller skaters .
Have you ever seen some dudes roller skate in Central Park ?
Right , because they only appear on Sundays , beautiful Sundays , when the sun is out .
They bring boomboxes and skate in a circle and it's basically like something directly out of Roll Bounce except the real - life version , which is one of the things that 's exceptionally cooler in real life than it is in a movie starring ( PKA Lil ' ) Bow Wow .
Unlike many of the " entertainers " in Central Park who want to take your money without actually working for it ( like mimes or those people who dress up as the Statue of Liberty and just stand there and totally creep you / me out ) , these people actually have incredible talent .
Not only are they great roller skaters , they make you want to roller skate .
In fact , they make you feel better about life .
Which everything should .
Basically , we should have weed - smoking rolling skating coyotes who will mug you if you run in a spacesuit or walk too slow .
Central Park is awesome .
Urinals seems sensible when you 're in a public loo , so why have n't they caught on in UK bathrooms ?
They do n't take up much space or plumbing .
Ben Miller , Edinburgh
Well , thank you for that tremendous response to an admittedly leftfield question .
The answers you collectively gave ranged from the sublimely ridiculous through to the genuinely instructive .
There seemed to be universal agreement that using up to a dozen litres of drinking water to flush away a bit of pee is excessive , but not everyone agreed that urinals in the home make for such a great alternative .
Valid questions about hygiene , lack of space and " gender applicability " were prominent in the discussion .
McMuggins spoke as only a male could when he said ( I 'm assuming it 's a " he " ) to " Go tippy toe and try a sink " .
That may well be the solution if you live alone , but I can't see co-habitants of any home welcoming it as a long - term alternative to the urinal .
I 'm also not too convinced by SE14 bloke 's idea : " Combining early - morning slash with a shower saves one flush per day ( and that is a truly unisex technique ... ) "
We do n't have too many , I know , but we do have some standards here at EnvironmentGuardian .
I 'm not going to endorse peeing in the sink or the shower as practical 21st - century solutions to cutting back on water use in the home .
Teratornis came up with the standard response of a " good lifer " : " Pee in a jug and pour it on your compost pile .
The nitrogen and phosphorus content will nourish the bacteria that break down tough lignocellulosic yard waste faster .
Urine diluted with five parts water also makes a great fertilizer applied directly to plants . "
But , again , this is clearly not to everyone 's taste .
I very much liked the water - saving solution offered by itakitez .
The " WS7716 " toilet , which uses only three litres per flush , promises annual savings of 79,000 litres , assuming " 5.1 flushes per day per 1.31 persons using each toilet " .
This from the Watersave website :
" This toilet uses pressurized air to create a powerful vortex and vacuum effect , creating a flush unlike any on the market .
There is no need for a dual - flush when an HET ( high efficient toilet ) is installed , and the patented Niagara flush system will clear the bowl any time , eliminating double - flushing . "
Sounds great .
I love a loo with a " Niagara flush system " .
The only problem is the price : € 190 ( £ 168 ) .
A much cheaper water - saving device that looks like a good bet is the InterFlush , as mentioned by neroS : the kit costs just £ 15 and adapts the handle into one that stops the flush as soon as you release it , meaning you only use as much water as is required to " clear the pan " .
Why do n't they just make this standard for all loos ?
Waterwise , the UK NGO that is " focused on decreasing water consumption in the UK and building the evidence base for large - scale water efficiency " , also has a wide range of water - saving gadgets and gizmos listed on its website , all of which have been awarded the " Waterwise Marque " .
But my favourite comment was provided by Davollsdavoll :
Grey water is a really good start .
If we use the bath at home , we keep the water for flushing the loo until the bath is needed again .
( Living on the first floor and having no garden , we can't have a water butt . )
I 'd like to see plumbing 2.0 , where we either have an option on every sink / plughole to either bin the water or to " grey " it ( something more catchy would be better probably ) .
So much goes down the plughole , it 's criminal !
I love the idea of plumbing 2.0 .
You 're right , of course : using grey water to flush our loos makes complete sense .
It 's a genuine mystery why homebuilders are not made to install grey - water systems in new builds as standard .
As things presently stand , our loos in the UK must match up to the Water Supply ( Water Fittings ) Regulations 1999 , which states that , ever since a " performance specification " was introduced in 2001 , WC suites must deliver " a single flush of six litres maximum or a dual - flush of six litres maximum and reduced flush of no greater than two - thirds of the maximum flush " .
How long must we wait for this " performance specification " to be tightened to reflect the fact that much of the water we wash down our plugholes could be retained and used to flush our loos ?
On 29 March , Leo Hickman first wrote :
Using up to a dozen litres of fresh drinking water to flush away your " business " does seem somewhat excessive , and there have been various attempts over the years to get us to use " hippos " , bricks and the like to decrease the amount of water we waste when pulling the chain .
But , as far as I 'm aware , the use of urinals has never taken off in the home .
There are some good reasons : they 're not exactly unisex devices , despite the best efforts of some women , and I can imagine the wandering hand of a child coming to grief on the porcelain lip .
Do they use less water , though ?
There are some " waterless " urinals around , plus ones that are motion - activated .
But would you really ever consider installing one at home ?
Post your thoughts below and I 'll be back on Friday to round up the best comments and provide an in - depth answer .
The UK Web Archive ( UKWA ) collects millions of websites each year , preserving them for future generations .
Use this site to discover old or obsolete versions of UK websites , search the text of the websites and browse websites curated on different topics and themes .
The UKWA is a partnership of the six UK Legal Deposit Libraries .
Many economists ( and the President ) believe that small businesses will be what reignite job growth in the U.S. Today , Intuit is out with a new way to track that theory — a monthly small business employment index that leverages payroll data from tens of thousands of customers to track hiring trends .
Specifically , the index measures hiring at roughly 50,000 companies with less than 20 employees that use Intuit Online Payroll .
Much like Mint ( which is now owned by Intuit ) can shed insight into personal finance habits by analyzing customer data , the idea here is that in aggregate , Intuit ’s small business customers can tell us which way small business is trending each month .
The company ’s first report shows that there were 40,000 new small business jobs created in February , representing a 0.2 % increase in its index .
Moreover , its report shows that small business employment bottomed out in the middle of last year , with 150,000 jobs created in total since June , 2009 :
How does Intuit ’s data compare to that released monthly by the U.S. Department of Labor ?
In its most recent report — for January — the unemployment rate dropped from 10 % to 9.7 % , breaking an uptrend we ’ve seen since 2007 .
It ;s number looks at overall employment , though — not just small businesses — so if the thesis that a recovery starts with small business is to be believed , perhaps Intuit ’s data is telling us something , especially if January does n’t prove to be an anomaly when the Department of Labor issues its next report .
In any event , we like that Intuit is leveraging its data to provide insight into broader trends .
We ’ve seen companies like AdMob , Flurry , and JiWire ( and even Facebook and Linked In ) do similar recently within their respective fields , and see it as an effective way for brands to build further awareness for their products .
Marty Rathbun , who was once Mr. Miscavige ’s top lieutenant , is now one of the church ’s top detractors .
The churches used to be busy places where members socialized and invited curious visitors to give Scientology a try , he said , but now the church is installing touch - screen displays so it can introduce visitors to Scientology with little need for Scientologists on site .
“ That ’s the difference between the old Scientology and the new : the brave new Scientology is all these beautiful buildings and real estate and no people , ” said Mr. Rathbun , who is among several former top executives quoted by The St. Petersburg Times in a series of articles last year about the church ’s reported mistreatment of staff members .
When Mr. Collbran decided he wanted to leave the Sea Org , he was sent to Los Angeles , where potential defectors are assigned to do menial labor while they reconsider their decision .
Ms. Collbran remained in Johannesburg , and for three months the church refused to allow them to contact each other , the Collbrans said .
Letters they wrote to each other were intercepted , they said .
Finally , Ms. Collbran was permitted to go to Los Angeles , but husband and wife were kept separated for another three months , the Collbrans said , while they went through hours of special auditing sessions called “ confessionals . ”
The auditors tried to talk them out of leaving , and the Collbrans wavered .
They could not just up and go .
For one , they said , the church had taken their passports .
But even more important , they knew that if they left the Sea Org without going through the church ’s official exit process , they would be declared “ suppressive persons ” — antisocial enemies of Scientology .
They would lose the possibility of living for eternity .
Their parents , siblings and friends who are Scientologists would have to disconnect completely from them , or risk being declared suppressive themselves .
“ You ’re in fear , ” Mr. Collbran said .
“ You ’re so into it , it ’s everything you know : your family , your eternity . ”
Mike Rinder , who for more than 20 years was the church ’s spokesman , said the disconnect policy originated as Mr. Hubbard ’s prescription for how to deal with an abusive spouse or boss .
Reconstruction of the snake attacking a freshly hatched sauropod
Scientists say they have identified the fossilised remains of a snake that dined on dinosaur eggs .
The 67 - million - year - old skeleton was found in a dinosaur nest .
The study , published in the journal Plos Biology , is said to show the first direct evidence of feeding behaviour in a fossilised primitive snake .
This 3.5 m fossil snake is believed to have fed on the hatchlings of sauropods , as it was found wrapped around a baby titanosaur .
Fully grown , the plant - eating titanosaurs weighed up to 100 tonnes .
Many people have a fear of snakes and this research indicates that even giant dinosaurs may have been scared of them , too .
" It was such a thrill to discover such a portentous moment frozen in time , " said Dr Dhananjay Mohabey from the Geological Survey of India , who unearthed the fossil .
Experts at the University of Michigan and University of Toronto Mississauga studied and identified the find .
Ancient gape According to researchers , the fossil would have lacked the mobile jaws of modern snakes and would have struggled to eat dinosaur eggs .
However , the hatchlings of these dinosaurs would have been just the right size .
The fossil was first uncovered in India in 1987 but it was not until 2001 that American scientists were able to detect that there was a snake among the dinosaur eggshells .
The researchers now believe that the snake was attacking a hatchling that had just emerged from the egg .
The event was then overcome by a natural disaster , possibly a storm , and the whole scene was frozen in time .
The snake , one of the few animals that preyed on giant dinosaurs , has been named Sanajeh indicus , meaning " ancient gaped one from India " in Sanskrit .
Fossil of Sanajeh indicus , three sauropod eggs and a sauropod hatchling
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If the Senate approves the compromises in the measure as soon as this week , as Democrats have promised , the president will continue to be tested as he attempts to persuade a divided American public of its benefits .
By moving the package with Democratic votes alone , “ they ’ve totally divided the country , ’’ and it will be difficult for Obama to calm voters before November , said Doug Schoen , a Democratic pollster who worked for former President Clinton .
“ It ’s time to listen to the American people , and that is the stunning thing about this , ’’ House Minority Whip Eric Cantor , Republican of Virginia , said on ABC ’s “ This Week . ’’
“ There will be some members who will lose their seat .
This is a legacy vote ; there ’s no question about it . ’’
Obama still must sign the broad bill the House passed last night , and the Senate must approve a reconciliation package of compromise repairs .
Republicans insist that even if Obama and the Democrats win , they will lose in November , punished at the polls by an angry electorate .
“ I think that everybody who thought that Bambi had moved into the White House knows that ’s not true today . ’’
Wilkins continued .
“ He is one tough fellow , and he has proved himself to be pretty good at politics as well . ’’
“ Some were saying the bloom was really off the rose , ’’ said Roger Wilkins , a historian and author who served as an assistant attorney general in the Johnson administration .
“ There ’s a ‘ Bambi ’ quality to him .
When you look at him , there ’s this lithe young man who likes to play backyard basketball .
“ I believe this truly is a game - changer , ’’ said former senator Harris Wofford , who won Pennsylvania ’s 1992 Senate race by campaigning in favor of expanded health coverage .
Just two months ago his administration appeared to be struggling .
Now , in the face of intense adversity , he is about to achieve a goal that has eluded presidents for decades .
But once the unexpected election of GOP Senator Scott Brown in January ’s Massachusetts special election left Democrats dispirited and groping for a new strategy , Obama rallied .
The president displayed fresh political acumen that brought momentum back to the Democrats and resurrected their centerpiece domestic issue , lawmakers and political specialists said , helping the House pass a broad overhaul measure last night .
Even Obama loyalists grumbled last year about the president ’s early approach to handling the health care debate , complaining that he allowed Republicans to seize control of the debate and failed to discipline bickering Democratic House and Senate members whose inaction threatened to kill the bill .
WASHINGTON — President Obama scored a stunning political and legislative victory on health care last night that not only will earn him a place in history books , but promises to establish him as a stronger leader of the Democratic Party after a tumultuous first year .
“ All the energy in a turnout election is with the opponents of the bill , ’’ Schoen said .
The win boosts Obama ’s standing with his liberal base , which had grown increasingly frustrated over the president ’s inability to push through their wish - list , including health care overhaul , a climate change bill , and the closure of the prison at Guantanamo Bay .
A reinvigorated Democratic party — although still facing likely losses in November ’s mid-term elections — is now better positioned to galvanize support for the rest of Obama ’s domestic agenda , including legislation aimed at job expansion , energy , financial regulation , and immigration .
“ It ’s extraordinarily important , and will give him momentum on other legislation , ’’ said William Leuchtenburg , a presidential scholar and author based in North Carolina .
“ He will be able to say he did what the campaign promised : to bring change .
He will be able to succeed in a way that a series of presidents , including [ Harry S. ]
Truman and [ Bill ] Clinton failed . ’’
The journey was a brutal one , and the process ugly .
But although the bitterness on Capitol Hill may not be healed when the legislative debate over health care is finished , Obama would have earned a place in the history books as the only chief executive in 60 years to win a bill bringing the nation close to universal coverage , historians said .
“ You have to say this about him :
He put all his chips on the table ’’ to move his chief domestic priority , Wilkins said .
“ It makes Obama a huge , huge figure in American history .
Not only was he the first black president , but he is a young president who could make things happen . ’’
The package is still a risk , even if it is signed into law .
If people are unhappy with how the plan is working over the next few years , Obama ’s reelection and legacy are at stake , said Ross Baker , a Rutgers University political science professor .
“ In November of 2010 , the Democrats in Congress are going to be answerable , and in 2012 , Barack Obama is going to be answerable , ’’ Baker said .
“ They have to be prepared with fixes , so if problems creep up , they can patch them . ’’
As he embarked last year on providing coverage to more than 30 million people without insurance and imposing new rules on the industry , Obama faced myriad challenges that had vexed his predecessors .
Health care overhaul advocates argued that the crisis had deepened with each decade .
Private health insurers , which had continued building power on Capitol Hill after they defeated Bill Clinton ’s efforts to reform the system , were willing to compromise on some points , but they vowed to fight on others , such as Democrats ’ desire for a public , government insurance option .
The death of Senator Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts last August deprived Obama of his lead health care strategist in the Senate , where Kennedy himself had spent decades fighting for health care overhaul .
Obama also drew criticism last year for taking a low - key leadership role .
Mindful of the failed strategy of the Clinton administration , which wrote its own health care bill and delivered it to a skeptical Congress , Obama deliberately left the details of the package to lawmakers , giving Congress ownership of the bill but also exposing the messy legislative process to the public and opponents .
After months of criticism from Republicans , the industry , and tea party activists , the Senate vote to approve a compromise health bill with no public option on Christmas Eve set off a fresh frenzy of anger in an electorate weary of the recession and high unemployment .
Within weeks , Brown ’s surprise election in Massachusetts to succeed Kennedy — after running strongly against the health care bill — took away Democrats ’ 60 - vote , filibuster - proof majority in the Senate .
Health care legislation stalled .
But Obama upped the ante , shifting strategies by assuming a stronger leadership role .
On Feb. 25 , he hosted an extraordinary seven - hour health care forum with Democrats and Republicans , broadcast live on television .
Billed as a chance to listen to GOP ideas , it proved to be a shrewd political maneuver .
It laid the groundwork for use of a controversial tactic called “ budget reconciliation ’ ’ to ram a health care bill through the Senate over the objections of Republicans .
Former senator David Durenberger , a Minnesota Republican who favors the health care bill , said Obama should travel the country , explaining the bill to segments of the electorate .
“ In the end , if he does this right , he makes up for a lot of wasted time , a lot of acrimony , ’’ Durenberger said .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
ROWE Impact
For over a decade , hundreds of teams across the globe have made the choice to radically differentiate themselves from the status quo .
The 20th century management playbook is out of date , outmoded and out to lunch .
Contemporary business is leaving behind flavor - of - the - month programs that promise to improve worker motivation like ‘ open workspaces ’ and the ‘ four - day workweek ’ .
The Results - Only Work Environment offers a truly remarkable mindset shift that when infused into the organization ’s cultural DNA , positively affects business , people and community .
Employees are treated like adults , not a bunch of overgrown children .
Welcome to the future of work .
Deism vs. Atheism and Chr istianity
Deism vs. Atheism and Christianity
by Bob Johnson
DEISM VS .
REVEALED RELIGION
Revelation , or revealed religion , is defined in Webster 's New World Dictionary as : " God 's disclosure to man of Himself . "
This should read , " God 's alleged disclosure to man of himself . "
For unless
God reveals to each of us individually that a particular religion is truly
His disclosure to us of Himself , then , by believing that religion , we are not taking His word for it , but we are instead putting our belief in the person or institution telling us it is so .
This is what we are doing when we believe in any revealed religion , and that 's all Christianity is .
It 's a revealed religion like many others such as Islam and Judaism .
Revealed religion gets dangerous however , when it crosses over the line into politics .
This is the admitted goal of the Christian Coalition .
God allegedly revealed to Pat Robertson and his Coalition , that He wants them to take over America and eventually the world with " His Word , " so the laws of the nations will mirror the laws in the Bible , which , if you know what 's in the Bible , is terrifying .
This , too , is what the Ayatollah 's goal was , only his " revealed word of God " was the Koran , an other revelation .
Are we to believe Pat when he says the Bible is revelation of God 's Word ?
As THINK ! has already offered several examples in the above article , YANKING THE TEETH FROM THE RELIGIOUS RIGHT ( this article is in the subscribers ' section .
If you 're not currently a subscriber , please click here . ) , taken directly from the Bible itself to prove itself false and NOT the Word of God , reason alone will now be used to demonstrate Christianity is NOT revelation from God .
Thomas Paine , the man who elucidated Deism for the masses and who is the primary personal impetus for THINKonline ! , Deistic Thought & Action ! and the World Union of Deists , wrote :
" The Calvinist , who damns children of a span long to hell to burn forever for the glory of God ( and this is called Christianity ) , and the Universalist who preaches that all shall be saved and none shall be damned ( and this also is called Christianity ) , boasts alike of their holy [ revealed ] religion and their Christian faith .
" Something more therefore is necessary than mere cry and wholesale assertion , and that something is TRUTH ; and as inquiry is the road to truth , he that is opposed to inquiry is not a friend to truth .
" The God of truth is not the God of fable ; when , therefore , any book is introduced into the world as the Word of God , and made a groundwork for religion , it ought to be scrutinized more than other books to see if it bear evidence of being what it is called .
Our reverence to God demands that we do this , lest we ascribe to God what is not His , and our duty to ourselves demands it lest we take fable for fact , and rest our hope of salvation on a false foundation .
" It is not our calling a book holy that makes it so , any more than our calling a religion holy that entitles it to the name .
Inquiry therefore is necessary in order to arrive at truth .
But inquiry must have some principle to proceed on , some standard to judge by , superior to human authority .
" When we survey the works of creation , the revolutions of the planetary system , and the whole economy of what is called nature , which is no other than the laws the Creator has prescribed to matter , we see unerring order and universal harmony reigning throughout the whole .
No one part contradicts another .
The sun does not run against the moon , nor the moon against the sun , nor the planets against each other .
Everything keeps its appointed time and place .
" This harmony in the works of God is so obvious , that the farmer of the field , though he cannot calculate eclipses , is as sensible of it as the philosophical astronomer .
He sees the God of order in every part of the visible universe . "
" Here , then , is the standard to which everything must be brought that pretends to be the work or Word of God , and by this standard it must be judged , independently of anything and everything that man can say or do .
His opinion is like a feather in the scale compared with the standard that God Himself has set up . "
Since we know we did not create the creation or ourselves , yet we and the creation do exist , it is logical to believe that God , or an Eternal Cause or Creator created us .
This belief has absolutely nothing to do with revealed religion .
In fact , all the absurdities of revealed religion are responsible for many sincere thinking people to reject and close their minds to natural religion / Deism .
The priests , ministers , and rabbis need to suppress , or at least complicate , the pure and simple belief and realization of Deism for their own job security .
And the power elites have no use for Deism because they can't use Deism to " inspire " mankind to wage war against itself for the elitists ' own selfish purposes .
In fact , Deism , by focusing on the first creed of all religions , belief in God , could frustrate the war / money machine permanently .
The following quote from Thomas Jefferson points us in a direction free of the confusion of priest - craft and revealed religion :
" I hold ( without appeal to revelation ) that when we take a view of the universe , in its parts , general or particular , it is impossible for the human mind not to perceive and feel a conviction of design , consummate skill , and indefinite power in every atom of its composition .
The movements of the heavenly bodies , so exactly held in their course by the balance of centrifugal and centripetal forces ; the structure of the Earth itself , with its distribution of lands , waters and atmosphere ; animal and vegetable bodies , examined in all their minutest particles ; insects , mere atoms of life , yet as perfectly organized as man or mammoth ; the mineral substances , their generation and uses , it is impossible , I say , for the human mind not to believe , that there is in all this , design , cause and effect , up to an ultimate cause , a Fabricator of all things from matter and motion , their Preserver and Regulator , while permitted to exist in their present forms , and their regeneration into new and other forms .
We see , too , evident proofs of the necessity of a superintending power , to maintain the universe in its course and order . "
Because Deism is based on nature , the laws of nature , and the creation , it is a natural religion as opposed to revealed or man-made artificial religion .
DEISM VS .
ATHEISM
In George H. Smith 's book ATHEISM - THE CASE AGAINST GOD , it is stated that rationality will not lead to God .
That instead , God can only be brought about by rationalization .
The book describes rationality as first finding evidence , then arriving at the idea , like Newton seeing the apple fall to the ground and then discovering the law of gravity .
It then describes rationalization as first accepting an idea and then searching for evidence to support it , like someone inventing the idea of God and then saying God created the universe .
Deism says it is rationality and reason that leads to God .
To the Deist , the evidence is the creation and the idea of what brought about the evidence is the Creator .
There is absolutely nothing known to man that created itself .
For example , if someone shows us a computer , and tells us that all the individual parts that make up the computer just came about by chance , that they somehow just formed into a perfectly working computer system all by themselves , we would be foolish to believe that person .
Reason , if we use it , wo n't let us believe a statement like that .
Likewise , if someone tells us the ever growing creation and its perfect order " happened " by pure chance , we are under no obligation to believe them .
From our own experience we know everything created has a creator .
Why then should the creation itself be different ?
There is , however , one quality the creation has that makes leaving its existence to chance even more remote .
That quality is motion .
Turning again to Thomas Paine we find the following pertinent observation he made regarding atheism in a speech to the Society of Theophilanthropists in Paris , France , shortly after the French Revolution :
" In the first place , admitting matter to have properties , as we see it has , the question still remains , how came matter by those properties ?
To this they will answer , that matter possessed those properties eternally .
This is not solution , but assertion ; and to deny it is as impossible of proof as to assert it .
" It is then necessary to go further ; and therefore I say - if there exist a circumstance that is not a property of matter , and without which the universe , or to speak in a limited degree , the solar system composed of planets and a sun , could not exist a moment , all the arguments of atheism , drawn from properties of matter , and applied to account for the universe , will be overthrown , and the existence of a superior cause , or that which man calls God , becomes discoverable , as is before said , by natural philosophy .
" I go now to show that such a circumstance exists , and what it is .
" The universe is composed of matter , and , as a system , is sustained by motion .
Motion is not a property of matter , and without this motion , the solar system could not exist .
Were motion a property of matter , that undiscovered and undiscoverable thing called perpetual motion would establish itself .
" It is because motion is not a property of matter , that perpetual motion is an impossibility in the hand of every being but that of the Creator of motion .
When the pretenders to atheism can produce perpetual motion , and not till then , they may expect to be credited .
" The natural state of matter , as to place , is a state of rest .
Motion , or change of place , is the effect of an external cause acting upon matter .
As to that faculty of matter that is called gravitation , it is the influence which two or more bodies have reciprocally on each other to unite and be at rest .
Everything which has hitherto been discovered , with respect to the motion of the planets in the system , relates only to the laws by which motion acts , and not to the cause of motion .
" Gravitation , so far from being the cause of motion to the planets that compose the solar system , would be the destruction of the solar system , were revolutionary motion to cease ; for as the action of spinning upholds a top , the revolutionary motion upholds the planets in their orbits , and prevents them from gravitating and forming one mass with the sun .
In one sense of the word , philosophy knows , and atheism says , that matter is in perpetual motion .
" But the motion here meant refers to the state of matter , and that only on the surface of the Earth .
It is either decomposition , which is continually destroying the form of bodies of matter , or recomposition , which renews that matter in the same or another form , as the decomposition of animal or vegetable substances enters into the composition of other bodies .
" But the motion that upholds the solar system , is of an entirely different kind , and is not a property of matter .
It operates also to an entirely different effect .
It operates to perpetual preservation , and to prevent any change in the state of the system .
" Giving then to matter all the properties which philosophy knows it has , or all that atheism ascribes to it , and can prove , and even supposing matter to be eternal , it will not account for the system of the universe , or of the solar system , because it will not account for motion , and it is motion that preserves it .
" When , therefore , we discover a circumstance of such immense importance , that without it the universe could not exist , and for which neither matter , nor any nor all the properties can account , we are by necessity forced into the rational conformable belief of the existence of a cause superior to matter , and that cause man calls GOD .
" As to that which is called nature , it is no other than the laws by which motion and action of every kind , with respect to unintelligible matter , are regulated .
And when we speak of looking through nature up to nature 's God , we speak philosophically the same rational language as when we speak of looking through human laws up to the power that ordained them .
" God is the power of first cause , nature is the law , and matter is the subject acted upon . "
In addition to motion acting as a perpetual preserver , it also acts as a continual source for the universe 's constant expansion .
Every second the universe is expanding at the speed of light ( 186,282 miles per second ) .
According to Astronomy Magazine , 2/14/92 , page 49 , " Astronomers presently believe there is n't enough mass in the universe , even with dark matter , to stop its expansion . "
This exciting realization should fill everyone with unlimited appreciation when we realize we are a part of this amazing and spectacular universe !
The Creator is immeasurably generous !
In ATHEISM - THE CASE AGAINST GOD , the author writes , " . . . when I claim not to believe in a god , I mean that I do not believe in anything " above " or " beyond " the natural , knowable universe . "
Deism teaches that the Creator is knowable and discoverable through the creation itself .
It is very understandable how people could be turned off by man-made religions and superstitions with their bombings and financial beg - a - thons , and confuse artificial or revealed religion with God .
However , the atheist attitude of accepting things simply as not knowable is dangerous to the progress of humanity .
Many things were not knowable in the past that are knowable today .
At one time Europeans believed it was impossible to know what was on the other side of the Atlantic Ocean : but they were wrong .
As we learn more about the sciences , we are learning more about the Power that put those principles in place .
An eternal Being , as Thomas Paine said , " whose power is equal to His will . "
DEISM AND DEATH
Revealed religions all teach different opinions on death .
Even the different denominations of the same umbrella religion preach different dogmas .
A good example is Christianity .
Some of the Christian denominations say an essential qualification to get into heaven ( of course they all agree dying is a key requirement ) is that you have to be baptized " by submersion , " while others say just a " sprinkling " is fine .
Which is it ?
Sprinkling or submersion ??
The fear of death is a big motivator for many people to support a particular religion .
We all know , without the possibility of doubt , that a day will come for absolutely all of us when we will die .
This realization brings fear to many people .
It also brings money to religious charlatans who are n't ashamed to prey on this fear .
In fact , it can be truthfully said that the revealed religions of the world all use the fear of death to put cash in their own pockets .
Contrary to this self - serving attitude of the revealed religions , Deism teaches that no one knows for certain what happens after death , if anything at all .
It teaches that , based on the creation we are all a part of , we should n't worry about it .
That instead , we should be concerned for the present and future of planet Earth and humanity .
That we should work hard to improve life and also enjoy it here and now .
Why should we worry about death when we have so much to do in life ?
And do we think so little of Nature 's God that we do n't trust Him with our future ?
Ethan Allen , a Deist from America 's Revolutionary War era , wrote , " Ungrateful and foolish it must be for rational beings in the possession of existence , and surrounded with a kind and almighty Providence , to distrust the author thereof concerning their futurity , because they cannot comprehend the mode or manner of their succeeding and progressive existence . "
Another Deist that had interesting thoughts on death was Benjamin Franklin .
One quote of Franklin's was , " Take courage mortal , death cannot banish you from the universe . "
Ben Franklin's epitaph on himself provides a look at his belief that our life on earth is not the beginning and end of a personality .
He , like Ethan Allen above , seems to have believed that the state of our spirits or souls is of an evolutionary nature .
Franklin 's epitaph reads , " The body of Benjamin Franklin , printer , like the cover of an old book , its contents torn out and stripped of its lettering and gilding , lies here , food for worms .
But the work shall not be lost ; for it will , as he believed , appear once more in a new and more elegant edition , revised and corrected by the Author . "
In Thomas Paine 's The Age Of Reason , we read on pages 177 and 178 the following : " But all other arguments apart , the consciousness of existence is the only conceivable idea we have of another life , and the continuance of that consciousness is immortality .
The consciousness of existence , of the knowing that we exist , is not necessarily confined to the same form , nor to the same matter , even in this life .
" We have not in all cases the same form , nor in any case the same matter that composed our bodies twenty or thirty years ago ; and yet we are conscious of being the same persons .
. .
" That the consciousness of existence is not dependent on the same form or the same matter is demonstrated to our senses in the works of the creation , as far as our senses are capable of receiving that demonstration .
A very numerous part of the animal creation preaches to us , far better than Paul , the belief of a life hereafter .
Their little life resembles an Earth and a heaven - a present and a future state , and comprises , if it may be so expressed , immortality in miniature .
" The most beautiful parts of the creation to our eye are the winged insects , and they are not so originally .
They acquire that form and that inimitable brilliancy by progressive changes .
The slow and creeping caterpillar - worm of today passes in a few days to a torpid figure and a state resembling death ; and in the next change comes forth in all the miniature magnificence of life , a splendid butterfly . "
In an essay Mr. Paine wrote the following short and to the point passage :
" I consider myself in the hands of my Creator , and that he will dispose of me after this life consistently with His justice and goodness .
I leave all these matters to Him , as my Creator and friend , and I hold it to be presumption in man to make an article of faith as to what the Creator will do with us hereafter . "
PRODUCT PLACEMENT - USING YOUR LOGO or EMBLEM on items , such as a cap , t- shirt , coffee mug or bumper sticker , for " all the world to see " within a few main scenes left .
A one hour personal phone conversation with Norman Patrick Brown about the Navajo filmmaking process of THE RAINBOW BOY .
A soundtrack CD , a letter of appreciation suitable for framing , a DVD , and contribution in ending credits .
Less
Tiny Texas
Houses is no longer open for business to sell houses , build houses , or to have guests come stay at the houses without invitation or direct reservation or appointment .
We are no longer on Air BnB !
Thank you for your patronage in the past , but for now , we are closed to the public while we complete many projects that required the time we spent with people instead .
Much gratitude and Love to all of you for your patronage and support .
From our view , it will be okay everyone .
True , it will be a bit of struggle , but there is a cure for CoronaV and a path to getting back on a better track after the wake - up call is passed .
Wii ( both groups of I ’s that form the We ’s of dualism ) can do better than just “ we ” did as a duality based society that excludes others in its attempt to save itself .
Unity in times of strife and struggle is the only way for society to survive and thrive after the challenges ease back .
Wii will be facing a world that Wii can salvage to manifest new dreams , just like the “ Ship of Salvaged Dreams ” that sits atop Miracle Mountain .
Eventually , it will fall in a storm , but until that day , it is the mascot that represents what we can to do rise above all adversity , to create a life where once a dismal wasteland with no water stood .
Truly it is our passion , hope , and willingness to work that will create the future Wii want to leave for the children being born today .
What tale will Wii write for the future generations to read ?
To Live ?
To possibly pay for with their lives ?
Please help me share the hope that others will adopt the sustainable building solutions with salvage that can make such hOMes , gardens , and communities that will unite when times are tough , care for the kids some may leave behind if they pass on , and the elders who will need aid when a crisis hits .
Community requires Unity , communication , and a desire to have peace amongst us .
Darby Lettick
Salvage , Texas has evolved , and the gates are NO LONGER OPEN TO THE PUBLIC except by going through Trinity for a stay !
People have come from around the world to stay in those iconic sustainable organic salvage built houses .
While still available on a vary limited basis for groups and approved parties .
Now that the concerns for the Corona V bringing people to a new level of awareness about their health and alternatives to staying in the city when the lights go out .
Salvage , Texas is intended to provide a rare and unique experience to feel , walk through the beginnings of a paradise in the making from the salvaging of the parts , wisdom , and actions of the past generations that deserve to be exemplified in form .
Thus my art form as an Earth Sculptor , a writer who has taken the book to the next levels beyond even the video , but into the reality that you can stay in the houses , walk the gardens , swim the ponds , bath in the healing clay and PH naturally alkaline waters that help you feel better .
Often there are problems such as erectile dysfunction , but fortunately medications for treatment can be bought inexpensively at the orginformation.com .
Salvage , Tx. was never intended to be a place to come party and drink , destroy the vessel most forget has to last them for a lifetime .
The desire is to inspire people to be healthier , more respectful of the miracle of life , new to the world , and their own .
The story manifests as a place where the main character Darby lands on Earthe to create the first Embassy of WUB , a World of United Beings who believe it is possible to thrive in Peace rather than War and know that belonging to the Cosmic Society means ending that paradigm of biggest bully wins .
The goal is to set and example to see where Decades of research and development resulted in the successful creation of salvage built housing in a permaculture paradise created out of a desolate piece of wasteland fill to demonstrate how a Salvage built village could look like when done in an Artistic fashion .
It is the path that works great to create an Organic hOMe , compound , permaculture village , or more .
111 Salvage Way is the the new official address for the headquarters of Salvage , Texas .
Its main building , “ Salvagefaire ” is only accessible by appointment or reservation now … as is Salvage , Texas .
Yes , the BnB is taken off the Air BnB circuit , access limited to fewer , and preferably groups that will appreciate what is here , and not just for the economy class party crowd or traveler looking for a spot to stop and run .
Access is now Extremely LIMITED > to wit also … no more interns , open invitations to join us living here , or sales unless by appointment ONLY .
While this the headquarters , offices , studio , common kitchen , and Idea House for what will come , few will get to enter the gates to see what is going on until further notice .
In Salvage , Texas , a sustainable organic form of building known as Organic Art Cottages will remain for special events , larger groups , visiting people from other countries , and a limited number of guests will be able to experience the permaculture gardens to come as we go to work at last to complete creating a fantasy paradise unlike any in Texas .
Unfortunately , people spoil such places as tourists , so as we are closing the gates to further visitors at random , parties without passion or interest , heart or energy for the manifesation of the out of the box solutions
Wii will be working on within the walls of the Salvage Fortress known as Salvage , Texas .
Thank you for following the many twists and turns that were part of the now bending trail of Tiny Texas Houses .
Truly the path is greater ahead than behind , and not in need of others approval to proceed , for into the world of the miracles and magic of imagination goes the neverending story of Darby Lettick as he completes the epic quantum story known as the book of Wibbry and Wub .
For those lucky enough to get through the filters , the shadow banning , and the many ways that mass media and the internet had managed to hide the tale of triumph and tradgedy , stay tuned for the next chapters and the path to find them , starting in 2020 , the next Chasm at the Fringe will be lept , and the ropes thrown back to bridge once more the gap between reality and surreality in Salvage , Texas .
Hope you will be able to catch up and join us as we move on to the higher plateaus and explore what the 5th dimension will bring into our lives , as above , so below .
If you know what Darby is doing next , then you will know what that could mean , if not , you will be lost like most of the others in the herds .
With Darby and Trinity left in charge to steward Salvage , Texas through its next chapter , I bid the business world goodbye and thusly shut the businesses down to the general public .
Invitation only now .
Perhaps you may still visit , even be part of Salvage , Texas and will Thrive in good hands , safe from the public and progress , technology and the poisons of society as it slides into deep decay … the Salvage Fortress will be there to defend the night time polinators , the bees , Earthworms , plants , and more , an example of what could be in store intead of LED lit parking lots radiating 5 - G for all to see and be blinded by as the last of the bugs die under the night lights as people wonder where they went .
If interested in such a visit contact us by email or phone .
LIke the disappearing pollinators of our world , I am Off and away , without a phone for months , not days , finally on my Sabatical from Business ... to India perhaps , to write at last the final chapters that will manifest from the Book of Wibblry and Wub .
With great gratitude & Love ,
Brad W. Kittel
Much more to come soon .
The time has come to share , teach others how to gather the incredible resources for no more than human energy , to add ingenuity , imagination , and soon create a home that will last a lifetime or two .
Please consider picking up the baton to carry on … building houses with 95 % Pure Salvage to creating an example of how entire communities could be built with this Ethos that respects our ancestors , our planet .
The Pure Salvage Living Renaissance is intended to show in the form of a book , a model of a village created from pure salvage from wasted land , and provides solutions for millions who face housing needs now as well as in the long term future .
While more people become millionaires from the Salvage Industry than any other , you need only find the materials and construct 10 tiny houses to have a great income and community to share life with for the rest of the century … on or off grid .
The weather changes , like the tides unstoppable , the Babyboomers are about to bail on the American Dream , the new generation picks a different set of values , less income and job security , more mobility , to judge their success by techno - consumerism without regard for their bodies .
Who will take care of the many who chose big PHARMA over taking care of their body with diet , exercise , and breathing techniques known to aid in health and youthfulness through the centuries ?
Its the body , the vessel we occupy to call by name , the house we keep it in , and how we take care of others that determines the quality of our life .
What is your focus ?
If it is just on tiny living … are you missing the real boat ?
Arthur Mijares never saw it coming when he filed the federal paperwork to change the name of Contra Costa County ’s most famous landmark from Mt. Diablo to Mt. Reagan .
It ’s not that he ’s such a big fan of the 40th president of the United States .
It ’s just that he believes , as a devout Christian , that naming a peak of such beauty and importance after the devil -- even in Spanish -- is “ derogatory , pejorative , offensive , obscene , blasphemous and profane . ”
“ I just happen to be an ordinary man that worships God , ” Mijares said by way of explanation .
“ He gave me this task in my prayer time .
I said , ‘ Lord , they ’re going to think I ’m a loon . ’ ”
Mijares did n’t know the half of it .
In less than a month , more than 80,000 people have joined a Facebook group called “ People AGAINST Re-naming Mt. Diablo to Mt. Reagan ! ! ”
The Contra Costa County Board of Supervisors , which will vote on the name change Tuesday , has been flooded with e-mail ; the heated response runs nine to one against the idea , said Supervisor Susan Bonilla , whose district includes the beloved mountain .
Online comments -- and there have been thousands -- range from the sacred to the quite profane .
It ’s hard to figure out just who Mt. Diablo ’s legions of supporters think is the real devil here : the gray - haired , retired rehabilitation counselor who would mess with history or the president he hopes to honor .
“ I absolutely agree that Reagan was the Devil , and any monument that is dedicated to him is an absolute disgrace to anybody ’s sense of moral fortitude , ” fumed one post .
“ Per Nancy , just say ‘ no . ’ ”
Spluttered another , “ What bozo came up with this idea ? ”
Even the rare Gipper lovers to chime in were dubious .
“ I ’m a huge fan of Ronald Reagan , ” posted one , “ but this is just nuts . ”
Christopher Kerr , a 25 - year - old musician who plays drums , percussion and guitar in a band called the Orangutangos , started the Facebook group the last Thursday in January , because he was so upset that someone would even consider tampering with the 3,849 - foot peak , from which 35 of California ’s 58 counties are visible .
Then he headed to Fresno to visit friends for the weekend , Satan vs. Reagan the last thing on his mind .
He did n’t check Facebook again until returning Monday , he said , “ and there were already a couple thousand people .
Whoa , what happened ? ”
What happened was that Kerr -- who describes his own political views as “ I ’m not a left wing or a right wing , I ’m the whole . . . eagle ” -- had touched a chord with two discrete groups of people :
The ones who love Mt. Diablo and its history and the ones who hate the Great Communicator .
Here in the San Francisco Bay Area , both are far from endangered species .
And they ’ve been banding together on the Facebook page at an average rate of 3,200 per day .
Mijares , who can see Mt. Diablo from his home in the East Bay suburb of Oakley , said he ’s not surprised to be so forcefully outnumbered .
And he ’s unfazed by the online vitriol directed his way .
“ The people who do n’t like the change tend to be a little bit more vocal , ” he said .
“ You know what the difference is ?
Good and evil .
I ’m not saying these people are evil .
There ’s enough ungodliness there that they say things that are not so pleasant and nice and kind and thoughtful . ”
The twin -peaked Mt. Diablo , which dominates the East Bay landscape , is a sacred site to the Golden State ’s Native American tribes .
The Miwok believed the mountain was originally an island , “ from which Coyote and his assistant , Golden Eagle , made the world as we know it , ” according to American Indian Quarterly ’s fall 1989 edition .
Its name has long swirled with controversy .
As legend has it , in 1805 , Spanish soldiers were chasing a band of Bay Miwok who had escaped from a mission and apprehended them in a thicket at the base of a dramatic mountain .
Darkness fell , and the Miwok disappeared .
When day broke , the mountain was shrouded in fog , and the soldiers realized that they ’d been duped .
So they dubbed the area Monte del Diablo , Thicket of the Devil .
“ The name was transferred to the peak by non-Spanish explorers who associated ‘ monte ’ with a mountain and applied the Italian form Diavolo or Diabolo , ” according to the Save Mount Diablo website , which is dedicated to preserving open space on and near the mountain .
Monte del Diablo first appeared on an 1824 map .
One hundred eighty - one years later , Mijares applied to the U.S. Board on Geographic Names to change Mt. Diablo to Mt. Yahweh , among other possibilities , because Diablo was “ profane ” and “ derogatory . ”
The board did n’t buy it .
So he filed again in 2009 , this time requesting that the peak commemorate the former president .
Another applicant has filed to change the name to Mt. John Muir .
Contra Costa County supervisors are to vote on both requests Tuesday , and the federal names board will then take up the issue .
“ The name is historical , ” said Seth Adams , director of land programs for Save Mount Diablo .
“ Even though it ’s a linguistic mistake , it ’s got 200 years of history behind it .
. . .
Mt. Diablo is a special place in which people have invested huge reverence and love .
They love it the way it is . ”
maria.laganga@latimes.com
Scorpion venom is notoriously poisonous -- but it might be used as an alternative to dangerous and addictive painkillers like morphine , a Tel Aviv University researcher claims .
Prof. Michael Gurevitz of Tel Aviv University 's Department of Plant Sciences is investigating new ways for developing a novel painkiller based on natural compounds found in the venom of scorpions .
These compounds have gone through millions of years of evolution and some show high efficacy and specificity for certain components of the body with no side effects , he says .
Peptide toxins found in scorpion venom interact with sodium channels in nervous and muscular systems -- and some of these sodium channels communicate pain , says Prof. Gurevitz .
" The mammalian body has nine different sodium channels of which only a certain subtype delivers pain to our brain .
We are trying to understand how toxins in the venom interact with sodium channels at the molecular level and particularly how some of the toxins differentiate among channel subtypes .
" If we figure this out , we may be able to slightly modify such toxins , making them more potent and specific for certain pain mediating sodium channels , " Prof. Gurevitz continues .
With this information , engineering of chemical derivatives that mimic the scorpion toxins would provide novel pain killers of high specificity that have no side effects .
An ancient Chinese secret ?
In his research , Prof .
Gurevitz is concentrating on the Israeli yellow scorpion , one of the most potent scorpions in the world .
Its venom contains more than 300 peptides of which only a minor fraction has been explored .
The reason for working with this venom , he says , is the large arsenal of active components such as the toxins that have diversified during hundreds of millions of years under selective pressure .
During that process , some toxins have evolved with the capability to directly affect mammalian sodium channel subtypes whereas others recognize and affect sodium channels of invertebrates such as insects .
This deviation in specificity is for us a lesson of how toxins may be manipulated at will by genetic engineering , he says .
While the use of scorpion venom to treat some body disorders seems counter - intuitive , the Chinese have recognized its effectiveness hundreds of years ago .
" The Chinese , major practitioners of what we call ' alternative medicine , ' use scorpion venom , believing it to have powerful analgesic properties , " Prof. Gurevitz says .
Some studies have also shown that scorpion venom can be used to treat epilepsy .
" We study how these toxins pursue their effects in the Western sense to see how it could be applied as a potent painkiller . "
Using an approach called " rational design " or " biomimicry , " Prof .
Gurevitz is trying to develop painkillers that mimic the venom 's bioactive components .
The idea is to use nature as the model , and to modify elements of the venom so that a future painkiller designed according to these toxins could be as effective as possible , while eliminating or reducing side effects .
No more morphine addicts
Finding a new and effective pain medication could solve one of the biggest problems in the medical world today .
Pain is an important physiological response to danger , physical injury and poor health , yet doctors need to reduce extreme pain in patients which aspirin could never palliate .
To date , opiate - derived painkillers have been quite effective , but the medical community is eager to find other solutions due to the risks associated with their use .
" This new class of drugs could be useful against serious burns and cuts , as well as in the military and in the aftermath of earthquakes and natural disasters .
Instead of running the risk of addiction , this venom - derived drug , mimicking the small peptide toxin , would do what it needs to do and then pass from the body with no traces or side - effects , " Prof. Gurevitz says .
We would like to thank everyone who helps with the continued success of this blog .
We really do appreciate all you contribute .
Special Thanks to
MIKE M .
Tweet PLEASE , ENABLE JAVASCRIPT
Now Viewing Sparrow Family
To remove the advertisements use the free AdBlock Plus add - on with Firefox and Chrome .
For bigger image -->
Big Video
For no chat -->
No Chat
Mobile Apps--> Android iPhone / iPad
Get free Ustream account to chat-->
Register
While doing research for my new book , I was very surprised to find out that Jim Shore gave up on acceptance testing .
I use his “ describe - demonstrate - develop ” process description all the time in my workshops , so I guess I better stop doing that .
Jim Shore wrote :
My experience with Fit and other agile acceptance testing tools is that they cost more than they ’re worth .
There ’s a lot of value in getting concrete examples from real customers and business experts ; not so much value in using “ natural language ” tools like Fit and similar .
The two failure patterns that Shore describes in his post are falling back on testers to write everything and merging acceptance and integration tests .
I ’ve experienced both of these myself , and it seems that they are common in general .
We discussed both during the top 10 ways to fail with acceptance testing openspace session at CITCON Europe last year .
However , there are good ways to solve both problems .
I never really expected customers to write anything themselves , but I was relatively successful in persuading them to participate in specification workshops that led to examples which were then converted to acceptance tests later .
Another idea I discovered while doing the research for my new book is discussing the key examples with customers and then going off to write detailed test pages , which then get verified by the customers .
The third good idea is doing ad - hoc specification writing sessions when a developer needs information , by involving a tester and a business analyst .
This is a lot less formal than a specification workshop and gives you similar benefits if you have all the knowledge in the room ( or readily available ) most of the time .
Not preserving acceptance tests as a separate group and mixing quick and slow tests is something that most people , at least according to my ongoing research , get burned with at some point but again teams learn from that and improve .
One of the biggest benefits from acceptance testing for me was that the teams finally get a source of information on what goes on in the system as reliable as the code itself .
Without acceptance tests , code is the only thing you can really trust and any other documentation gets outdated very quickly .
And such tests are much easier to read and understand than the code because they are on a higher level and in a natural language .
Having a living documentation helps me quite a lot when change requests come in later .
It also helps with handing over and taking over code .
Acceptance tests stay relevant throughout the project because they are automated , and automated tests are kept up to date in order for them to pass .
Automation , and consequently a tool , are necessary to get this benefit .
With informal agreements and on - site reviews that Jim Shore describes , I guess something else needs to be in place to facilitate this .
I agree with Shore that it takes a while for the problems with tools such as FIT to surface , but I ’m not sure whether that is tool related or not .
Most people I spoke to so far said that it took them between six months and a year to discover that acceptance testing is n’t about the tools but about communication , and that the biggest benefit is in the examples as Shore wrote .
A notable exception to six months to a year rule was Lisa Crispin ’s team who generally started out knowing what they need ( but that ’s because she had done it before ) .
Clear examples and improved communication are the biggest benefits of the process , but using a tool brings some additional nice benefits as well .
A tool gives us an impartial measure of progress .
Ian Cooper said during the interview for my new book that “ the tool keeps developers honest ” , and I can certainly relate to that .
With tests that are evaluated by an impartial tool , “ done ” is really “ what everyone agreed on ” , not “ almost done with just a few things to fill in tomorrow ” .
I ’m not sure whether an on - site review is enough to guard against this completely .
For over four years now , my wife and I have enjoyed living off one income .
While our lifestyle might not be appealing to some , we absolutely love it .
Every day I thank God that he has allowed our family to grow so close .
It is a blessing my wife is a stay at home mom .
She helps create such a healthy family environment .
Since this is a sensitive topic to some , let me remind you that this post is not designed to convince anyone to stay home .
Nor is it to say you are a bad parent if you do n’t .
This is a personal reflection on our pathway , our experiences , and the blessings we enjoy .
And yes , of course , dad can stay at home too .
But , since a stay at home mom is more common we ’ll stick with the stay at home mom theme .
Remember , the transition to one income with a stay at home wife does not come without sacrifices .
In this post , I ’m going to lay out the game plan we used to be able to comfortably live off one income .
Will She Be A Stay At Home Wife or Mother ?
Answer this question possibility as soon as possible .
It would have been extremely difficult for my wife to stay home with the kids had we not made the decision very early in our married life .
If you are married without kids , you need to have this discussion by the end of the week – will one spouse stay home with the kids ?
It is impossible to make a plan if you do n’t have a plan .
The unfortunate reality is that far too many couples do not plan to live off one income , and when children arrive they cannot afford to live off one income .
You ’re marriage money relationship will suffer if you do n’t agree on these goals .
Make sure the seeds you are planting today are seeds you wish to harvest tomorrow .
This post assumes you have decided that you want to live off one income .
Live Off One Income Today
From the moment you decide to have a stay at home mom , you need to start living off one income .
By living , I mean you need to reduce your regular monthly spending ( excluding any debt payments ) to one income .
This helps you in two significant ways :
First , you get to feel the spending flow and budget limitations of living off one income .
Living off one income is different .
Typically , it involves embracing a lot of frugal activities you once were able to avoid simply because “ you did n’t want to ” .
Now you will do those things because you must .
For some families , the one income lifestyle will feel too restrictive and too limiting .
Others , like my family , will find frugality a challenge that offers some gratifying rewards .
Second , living off one income provides some disposable income .
What do you do with the extra disposable income ?
The first step is the most important – work desperately to get out of debt .
It will be very difficult to live off one income if 15 - 25 % of your income goes towards paying for things you already own – student loans , credit card debt , second mortgage …
You goal is to be able to get access to and full use out of that one income .
For my wife and I , it would be much more difficult to live on one income if we did not already pay off our debts .
If you are in debt , use the second income to pay off debt .
I do not believe my wife could be a stay at home wife if we had a lot of debt payments .
It would consume far too much of our disposable income .
While my wife was working , we saved enough money to buy a car with cash , pay off student loans , and pay cash for two master ’s degrees ( we both decided we wanted to get our Master ’s Degrees before having kids ) .
Use the extra income to fully fund an emergency fund of 6 - 9 months of expenses .
I know this number is higher than financial advisors typically advise , but when you are living off one income and add kids to the mix , there is a lot more potential for emergencies .
Use the extra income to save to pay cash for any before - kids - whims – for us , it was vacations and education .
I think the two years before our daughter was born we traveled from Memphis , Tennessee to Papua New Guinea , Australia , New Zealand , Bahamas , Europe , and Canada .
My wife finished her final Master ’s degree class about a week before our daughter was born .
Use extra income to prepare for additional costs associated with having children .
Since the average cost of having a baby is now over $ 3,000 , you will need to make some preparations .
You will also need to spend money on kids to buy baby clothes and other baby related products .
Furthermore , you may choose to help fund your kids ’ education .
That will be easier if you have some money allocated before the child is even born .
Make Purchases According to Your Goal of Being a Stay at Home Mom
House
When it comes time to buy a house , do not get a mortgage based on both of your incomes .
Buy the house based on one income .
You will be locking yourself into a long term commitment , and if you overextend on your house , you will lose your ability to choose if your spouse stays home .
Do n’t try and buy the most expensive house .
Buy a house that is comfortable enough for what you need .
Car
I buy cars with cash .
I suggest people buy cars with cash .
If you are a person who gets car loans , make sure the payments are affordable , according to your income and suggested budget percentages .
Both of you will likely need to accept the reality that cars now serve only one function – transportation .
If it gets you from point A to point B , it is the right car for you .
By carefully monitoring your ‘ big ’ purchases you will be paving the road to have a stay at home wife .
Review and Cut Your Budget
Often times , your spending will need several amputations for it to fit into a one income budget .
Review the budget and identify everything that is fixed ( consistent , reoccurring spending each month ) .
This will include anything where you get a fixed monthly bill .
Then mark everything that changes from month to month .
Some families have too many fixed items in their monthly budget .
Frugality can involve cutting your disposable income , but you must still have some discretionary income with which you can use to make good purchases .
If your fixed items are too high , consider canceling or reducing a service .
For example , could one of you use a prepaid cell phone ?
Do you really need cable ?
Are you using your gym membership ?
Saving Money Is As Valuable As Making Money
Some people are masters at spending a little time and saving a bunch of money .
Sometimes the money you save is more valuable than the money you would have made .
A stay at home mom can save a lot of money by doing any of these money saving tips :
Cook from scratch , clip coupons , make a list , plan a menu – avoid the restaurant by eating at home .
Shop second hand
Take care of your laundry service in house
Make household items you would otherwise have bought
Earn Extra Income
It is quite possible that even after trimming the budget you simply do n’t make enough to make your payments .
In this case , one of you might choose to work an extra part time job to help pay the bills .
This might even be a home based small business or a hobby that evolves into an income .
Many people have found that Ebay is a good source for extra income .
The earlier you prepare , the more likely you will be able to live comfortably on one income .
Any other suggestions on how to comfortably live on one income ?
What did you do so that you could have or be a stay at home wife or a stay at home mom ?
Collapse of the euro is ' inevitable ' : Bailing out the Greek economy futile , says FRENCH banking chief
The European single currency is facing an ' inevitable break - up ' a leading French bank claimed yesterday .
Strategists at Paris - based Société Générale said that any bailout of the stricken Greek economy would only provide ' sticking plasters ' to cover the deep - seated flaws in the eurozone bloc .
The stark warning came as the euro slipped further on the currency markets and dire growth figures raised the prospect of a ' double - dip ' recession in the embattled zone .
The bailout of Greece will only act as a ' sticking plaster ' for the Euro crisis , the bank warned yesterday
Claims that the euro could be headed for total collapse are particularly striking when they come from one of the oldest and largest banks in France - a core founder - member .
In a note to investors , SocGen strategist Albert Edwards said : ' My own view is that there is little " help " that can be offered by the other eurozone nations other than temporary , confidence - giving " sticking plasters " before the ultimate denouement : the break - up of the eurozone . '
' The euro 's a success ' : Peter Mandelson at Downing Street on Thursday
He added : ' Any " help " given to Greece merely delays the inevitable break - up of the eurozone . '
The alarming claim came a day after European Union leaders promised ' determined and co-ordinated ' action to shore up Greece 's tattered public finances , but disappointed traders by failing to provide specifics .
Further details are expected early next week , but markets were in high anxiety yesterday amid fears political divisions among rich eurozone members could derail any rescue .
The euro slid almost 1 per cent to $ 1.357 yesterday , meaning it has lost 10 per cent of its value since November .
The pound rose to 1.14 euros .
Earlier this week Business Secretary Lord Mandelson 's claimed that the single currency had been a ' remarkable success ' and that it remained in Britain 's interests to join .
David Cameron ridiculed that claim yesterday .
He told the Tories ' Scottish conference : ' Are this Government the only people in the country who still think that would be a good idea ?
Our deficit and debt are bad enough without the straightjacket of the euro .
' If I am elected for as long as I am prime minister the United Kingdom will never join the euro . '
The French bank 's warning was echoed by Mats Persson , Director of the Open Europe think - tank , which campaigns for reforms in Brussels .
He said : ' The eurozone is facing a fully - fledged crisis .
The Greece episode has made it painfully clear how flawed the euro project was from the very beginning .
' Even if Greece receives a one - off bailout it would not solve the real problem , which is the huge differences in competitiveness between the eurozone 's richest and poorest members .
Tory leader David Cameron said if he is elected , the UK will not adopt the euro
' If these differences are to be evened out , the EU would need a single budget and common taxes so it can redistribute resources .
' One thing is clear , Britain made the right choice in staying out . '
Mr Edwards argued that Portugal , Ireland , Greece and Spain are too economically weak to withstand the rigours of eurozone membership .
Countries that are highly uncompetitive are normally able to slash interest rates and devalue their currencies to prop up their economies .
But this is not possible within the euro , given its one - size - fits - all economic governance .
The implication is that weak , peripheral eurozone members will have to suffer years of painful deflation and tumbling living standards , as well as draconian budget cuts , in order to adjust .
Harvard University Professor Martin Feldstein , a long - standing sceptic on the euro , yesterday said the single currency ' is n't working ' because member governments have no incentive to keep their public debts under control .
' There 's too much incentive for countries to run up big deficits as there 's no feedback until a crisis , ' he said .
Germany drags EU back towards recession
Axel Weber , President of Germany 's Bundesbank , warned the German economy will contract this year
The eurozone faces the danger of a ' doubledip ' recession after Germany 's economy retreated into stagnation .
Figures published yesterday revealed that the countries who have joined the euro collectively grew a mere 0.1 per cent in the fourth quarter of last year - equal to Britain 's own faltering performance .
Germany was the biggest drag , recording zero growth in the final three months of 2009 after emerging from recession earlier in the year .
Axel Weber , President of Germany 's Bundesbank , warned this week there is a chance his nation 's economy will contract in the first quarter of 2010 , in part because of the severe winter , in a major blow to recovery hopes .
The figures from the European Commission are a blow to Britain 's embattled manufacturers , which count the eurozone as their biggest export market .
France provided a bright spot in the report , expanding by 0.6 per cent in the fourth quarter - But Italy , Spain and Greece all registered contractions in their gross domestic product .
Economist Martin van Vliet of ING
Bank said : ' The paltry pace of fourth quarter growth makes crystal clear that the eurozone economy cannot yet stand on its own feet .
' The disappointing eurozone growth data are a sobering reminder that recovery from financial crisis led recessions tends to be slow and protracted , and might not prove very supportive in calming markets ' fears about the region . '
The Public Domain Manifesto ( http://www.publicdomainmanifesto.org/node/8) has its heart in the right place as it objects to some of the unjust extensions of copyright power , so I wish I could support it .
However , it falls far short of what is needed .
Some flaws are at the level of implicit assumptions .
The manifesto frequently uses propaganda terms of the copyright industry , such as " copyright protection " .
These terms were chosen to lead people to sympathize with the copyright industry and its demands for power .
The manifesto and its signatories use the term " intellectual property " , which confuses the issue of copyright by lumping it together with a dozen other laws that have nothing significant in common .
( See http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/not-ipr.html for more explanation about this point . )
Ironically it uses the term first in a sentence which points out that this manifesto is concerned only with copyright law , not with those other laws .
That is with good reason : the other laws are not relevant to copying and using published works .
If we seek to teach the public to distinguish between these laws , we should avoid setting an example which spuriously lumps them together .
General Principle 2 repeats the common error that copyright should balance the public interest with " protecting and rewarding the author " .
This error interferes with proper judgment of any copyright policy question , since that should be based on the public interest .
http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/misinterpreting-copyright.html explains this error and how to avoid it .
It would be difficult to stand aside from a campaign for the right goals merely because it was written with unclear words .
However , the manifesto falls far short in its specific goals too .
It is not that I oppose them .
Any one of its demands , individually , would be a step forward , even though the wording of some of them discourages me from signing my name to them .
Rather the problem is that it fails to ask for the most important points .
I cannot say , " This manifesto is what I stand for . "
I cannot say , " I support what 's in this manifesto , " unless I can add , equally visibly , " But it fails to mention the most important points of all . "
General Principle 5 opposes contracts that restrict use of copies of public domain works .
But where we most need to oppose such contracts is where they apply to works that are still copyrighted ( this is how Amazon tries to claim that you do n't own the e-book that you bought ) .
Likewise , General Principle 5 condemns DRM , but only when it applies to a public domain work .
In effect , it legitimizes most real DRM by omitting it from criticism .
I 've saved the biggest omission for last .
General Recommendation 9 calls for allowing " personal copying " of copyrighted works .
Since it omits the issue of the freedom to share copies of published works with others , it fails to address the nastiest aspect of copyright : the vicious War on Sharing that the entertainment companies are now waging .
The demands and recommendations of the Public Domain Manifesto would be a step forward .
It may do some good if it inspires people who have accepted the industry position to begin to doubt it .
However , if we adopt this manifesto as our goal , it will distract us from what we really need to fight for .
The Public Domain Manifesto tries to defend our freedom within the walled garden of the public domain , but abandons that freedom outside it .
This is not enough .
I ask the authors of the Public Domain Manifesto , and the public , to please join me in demanding the freedom to noncommercially share copies of all published works .
Also please join DefectiveByDesign.org and help our fight against DRM wherever it may be found .
Translations
If you 're in the market for another Vivienne Tam - designed masterpiece , keep looking !
Coming straight outta Shenzhen , Creation Tech 's CTEB7G is a 7 - inch UMPC featuring damn near everything you could reasonably expect from a $ 65 UMPC , including a 533MHz VIA VT 8505 CPU , 128MB RAM , 2GB flash storage , 7 - inch ( 800 x 600 ) display , WiFi 802.
11b/g/n , Ethernet , keyboard with built - in touchpad , three USB 2.0 ports , SD card slot , built - in speaker , microphone , and Windows CE 6.0 .
This thing is underpowered and underpriced , and it looks it -- but we 're sure that Ruslan Kogan can find an excuse to rebadge it nonetheless .
Please direct all order inquiries to the source link below .
" Archaic Torso of Apollo "
by Rainer Maria Rilke
translated by Stephen Mitchell
We cannot know his legendary head
with eyes like ripening fruit .
And yet his torso
is still suffused with brilliance from inside ,
like a lamp , in which his gaze , now turned to low ,
gleams in all its power .
Otherwise
the curved breast could not dazzle you so , nor could
a smile run through the placid hips and thighs
to that dark center where procreation flared .
Otherwise this stone would seem defaced
beneath the translucent cascade of the shoulders
and would not glisten like a wild beast 's fur :
would not , from all the borders of itself ,
burst like a star : for here there is no place
that does not see you .
You must change your life .
This talk was given by Mark Doty at the Academy of American Poets ' Online Poetry Classroom Summer Institute .
MARK DOTY : Having read this poem hundreds of times , I remain startled by that final gesture .
I feel something has taken place that I am and am not prepared for .
I 'll just give you a tiny bit of context about the poem .
Rilke felt that his own earlier poems were airy , disembodied .
He got himself a job working for the sculptor Rodin , whose very fleshy , highly physicalized forms were enormously attractive to him .
He wanted to write poems with the same kind of muscularity and physical presence as Rodin 's sculptures .
Rodin gave him all these assignments .
Go to the zoo and look , go to the Louvre , choose something , and talk about it .
Although , in this poem , it feels like Rilke has not chosen his subject , he has been chosen for his encounter with this headless object that seems to see him with such rigor and force , despite the fact that its eyes are not there .
It has a gaze without a head .
INTERVIEWER :
To me this is very much a kind of prayer .
MARK DOTY : I absolutely agree .
It 's interesting that it's an experience of standing before a figure of a god , but in the 20th century .
This god is broken , this god 's head is n't there .
The speaker tries to make a connection .
Attempts to link himself to that source , even broken or lost , of authority , power , vision .
I think it would be useful to look at the figures that Rilke uses to describe this object in front of him .
First , there 's the head we can't know , but the head we can't know has eyes like ripening fruit .
This is the first simile in the poem .
And yet his torso is suffused with brilliance from inside , like a lamp — our second simile — and that lamp is turned down , the gaze is turned low , but it 's still gleaming in all its power .
It can be diminished and fierce at once .
" Otherwise / the curved breast could not dazzle you so . "
In Greek sculpture , there 's this line that goes underneath the abdominal muscles and down to the hips .
( It does n't matter how many sit - ups you do , you can't get this line . )
He 's seeing that line as a smile .
The stone otherwise — we keep hearing what it 's not .
If it were this , actually broken , we could n't know what we do .
The translucent cascade , the wild beast 's fur , the burst like a star , figure after figure , and what do these figures have in common ?
Well , not so much .
Light in the case of the lamp and the star , and to some degree maybe the fruit — you can imagine the ripening fruit glowing .
But it feels like the speaker here is groping to describe what 's in front of him .
Trying to name this power , which is palpable , real , but perhaps essentially unsayable .
When we confront a great work of art , a great work of the spirit , we feel something , but how difficult , how impossible it is to say what it is .
Imagine if this poem came to us without its final sentence .
If the poem ended , " for here there is no place that does not see you , " it 's not bad , is it ?
We 'd be left with the sense that we are perceived by the work of art .
But the profound sense of culmination would be missing .
That final statement becomes a completion of all those figures we 've been given by saying , " This is so powerful that you can not stay out of it . "
Up until that last point in the poem , I think we can stay out of it .
We can enjoy the active description , but we 're not necessarily implicated .
It 's very difficult to say rationally why the experience of beauty or spiritual power produces this strong sensation .
The poem makes the leap for us that 's like the experience , I think , of seeing the work of art .
The speaker tries to take it in , he thinks of all these figures to describe it , none of them quite do it , and then there 's the kind of immediacy of experience that 's similar to the Pound poem .
Boom , the whole appears .
INTERVIEWER :
The work that the speaker does in this poem , to arrive at that cerebral moment is important , but you get there by acutely paying attention to the thing .
I teach this poem with Bishop's , " The Fish , " and I always think of the two as cousins because there 's that same vivid attention to the thing , which all of a sudden blossoms into this bigger sensation .
The " rainbow , rainbow , rainbow " in " The Fish , " and the last line here .
But it 's the work , the mystery of the metaphor , and the process of examination that leads to the final culmination .
MARK DOTY : That 's a good connection to the Bishop poem , because in both cases the metaphor is an act of inquiry .
It 's not this , not that , a little like this , and then what finally communicates the unsayable is that statement that seems to come winging out of nowhere .
In the Bishop poem , she proceeds like a kind of perceptual scientist — this is what the fish 's eyes look like , the scales , the hooks in its jaw .
And yet the sum of that experience is something larger than any of those details would in themselves seem to justify .
Another way for us to talk with our students about the process of metaphor - making is to think as scientists , attempting to say what 's in front of us through the work of saying what it is like .
Acknowledging that 's one of the only ways we have to get at the nature of reality , by walking around it , by means of building these metaphorical architectures .
INTERVIEWER : Mark , can you just say a word about the poem as a sonnet ?
MARK DOTY : Sure .
Even though the Rilke poem is translated , Steven Mitchell has quite artfully preserved its " sonnetness . "
And this is truly intriguing because the sonnet is a form of argument , which — I think about Shakespeare 's sonnets — state a premise and reconsider it .
At some point , the sonnet turns that premise around .
" My mistress 's eyes are nothing like the sun " — Shakespeare has made an initial argumentative statement , and by the end of the poem , has corrected or transformed that statement .
So the sonnet form prepares us to be convinced of something , it prepares us for a turn , and " Archaic Torso of Apollo " has the sharpest last minute turn in sonnet history .
It 's also a form that is inescapably linked to wholeness .
By nature , the sonnet feels complete .
To write a poem about something broken in the form which suggests wholeness and completeness is an interesting thing to do .
It 's a very 20th century kind of use of form , to talk about the fragmentation of a spiritual experience in a very whole way .
read more
Copyright © 2007 by the Academy of American Poets .
All rights reserved .
The Google Summer of Code is a great chance to work on open source projects as a student , and get training from some experience hackers , wonderfully sponsored by Google .
Haskell.org will be participating for its 5th year .
If you ’re thinking about working on Haskell projects , you should certainly be reading :
Here are some of the things to think about before you decide to submit a proposal to help out Haskell.org this summer , to help you make stronger proposals .
This is purely my opinion , and might not necessarily reflect the opinion of all other mentors .
We have limited resources as a community , and the Google Summer of Code has been instrumental in bringing new tools and libraries to our community .
Some notable projects from the past few years include :
The GHCi debugger
Improvements to Haddock
Major work on Cabal
Generalizing Parsec ( parsec3 )
Shared Libraries for GHC
Language .
C
These student projects have gone on to have wide impact , or brought new capabilities to the Haskell community .
The pattern has been towards work on the most popular tools and libraries , or work on new areas that Haskell programmers are demanding work on .
Rarely do we fund development of applications in Haskell , instead concentrating on general infrastructure that supports all Haskell projects .
To succeed with your project proposal , you need to propose doing work on the most important “ blockers ” for Haskell ’s use .
Work that :
Brings the most value to the community
Addresses widespread need
Will impact many other libraries and tools
Does n’t rewrite things in Haskell for their own sake
Is feasible in 3 months
It can be hard to find projects of the right size — important enough the work will make a difference — and thus attract the attention of mentors ( who vote on your proposal ) , but is still feasible to achieve in 3 months .
To help get a sense of the mood of what the community thinks is “ hot ” ( though not necessarily important ) , we set up a crowd voting site for ideas on Reddit .
But be wary , the crowd can get excited about silly things , and does n’t necessarily have good business sense .
The list of projects can help you get a sense for what Haskellers are thinking about this year .
Not everything here will is feasible for a summer project though , so be sure to get advice !
Some of the social factors to consider in your application :
You have one or two mentors with good expertise in the area .
Ideally you ’re already lining up the mentors to help watch your work .
You ’re hanging out in #haskell or on the Haskell Reddit , your blog is
on Planet Haskell , or you ’re going to be at the hackathons .
The more involved you are in the community , the more likely you ’ll have a sense of what the most important work to propose is .
And of course you need to have skills to pay the bills :
You should have demonstrated competence in Haskell ( e.g. you ’ve
uploaded things to Hackage )
uploaded things to Hackage )
Demonstrated discipline in open source — self - motivation
As a guide to what reviewers will be thinking about when reading your proposal , you should be able to answer ( at least ) the following questions from the proposal alone :
What are you trying to accomplish ?
How is it done in Haskell now , and with what limitations ?
Are there similar projects in other languages ?
What related work is there ?
If successful , what difference will it make ?
Will it enable new Haskell business cases ?
Performance improvements to many libraries ?
Better accessibility of Hackage code ?
What are the mid-term and final results you ’re hoping to achieve ?
How will the result of your work affect other projects ?
So , now you know what we ’re interested in , start writing that proposal !
What kind of a racing team talks about the big name stars it is about to sign and the fantastic achievements it might pull off , without first getting the basic details into place ?
Well , apart from USF1 …
To go racing in F1 , you need the following check list :
– cars ( preferably with big noisy engines attached )
– men ( or women ) to drive these devices
– a big pile of money
– an official entry , preferably with big rubber stamp , saying “ FIA ”
– spares , in case something falls off
– a mechanic who knows which bits go where
– some spanners
– a big van in which to put everything
– fuel to power the cars ( and the truck )
– a large bucket , filled with fresh chutzpah
– a book of rules , preferably for Formula 1 .
– someone who understands the book of rules
– Some black round rubber things called tyres …
Stefan GP was supposed to be a serious operation .
There was never much to back up this belief , but Bernie Ecclestone was being very supportive .
He said that there is money coming from the Serbian government .
There seemed to be a chassis and engine supply deal from Toyota .
But somehow they forgot to do a deal for a supply of tyres …
In the words of John McEnroe , “ You can not be serious ! ”
Back to square 1 .
US plans to give high - speed broadband to every American
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
Pressure groups see broadband investment as vital to the US economy US regulators have unveiled the nation 's first plan to give every American super - fast broadband by 2020 .
The Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , which has submitted the plan to Congress , said broadband was the " greatest infrastructure challenge " .
It estimates that one - third of Americans , about 100 million people , are without broadband at home .
The FCC 's goal is to provide speeds of 100 megabits per second ( Mbps ) , compared to an average 4 M bps now .
" Broadband for every American is not too ambitious a plan and it is absolutely necessary , " former FCC chairman Reed Hundt told BBC News .?
Broadband Comparison , Mobile Phone Deals & More - Compare & Share at Top10.com
" The consequences of not succeeding are heartbreaking .
Every nation needs a common medium to gather around and to have the internet as a common medium where a third are left out is unacceptable . "
' Silver bullet '
In an executive summary released ahead of the presentation to Congress , the FCC said : " Broadband is a foundation for economic growth , job creation , global competitiveness and a better way of life .
WHAT GOVERNMENT WILL DO Connect 100 million homes to super - fast broadband with speeds up to 100 megabits per second Allocate spectrum to allow network updates for wireless broadband Increase adoption rates to 90 % and make sure every child is digitally literate before they leave school Encourage greater competition among providers to make prices cheaper and deals easier to understand Use digital switch - over fund to bring cheap broadband to rural areas Provide one gigabit broadband to schools , hospitals and military installations " It is changing how we educate children , deliver healthcare , manage energy , ensure public safety , engage government , and access , organise and disseminate knowledge " .
For industry analyst Erik Sherman of business and news site BNet.com , all the talk " sounds like an overstatement " .
" The plan can not be a silver bullet for all these issues and problems which exist for a number of different reasons and not just because of a lack of broadband .
" The plan is very big in scope and if you look at the rationale , the FCC is basically saying we need more money for more internet .
I am not saying we do n't need a broadband plan but we have to be realistic about what it can and cannot do , " Mr Sherman told BBC News .
' Fairy wings and wishes '
Months of hype and speculation has preceded the presentation of the country 's first comprehensive broadband roadmap .
The FCC has also held a series of briefings previewing its goals .
" It 's an action plan , and action is necessary to meet the challenges of global competitiveness , and harness the power of broadband to help address so many vital national issues , " said FCC chairman Julius Genachowski .
Wide differences in broadband access are revealed by statistics
The executive summary revealed that access to high - speed internet services had grown dramatically from eight million Americans 20 years ago to nearly 200 million today .
Estimates to implement the plan have been put at $ 350 bn ( £ 233bn ) .
How that bill will be split between private investment and tax dollars is not known .
" Who pays and how much is the big fight ahead , " said technology industry analyst Rob Enderle of the Enderle Group .
" The devil is in the detail and right now it 's all fairy wings and wishes .
The Republicans are going to fight anything that is excessively expensive while the Democrats have to be wary of looking like they are cutting cheques at a time when the government is for the most part broke . "
The FCC will auction off some 500 megahertz of spectrum to pay for some of the expense .
More than $ 7bn will come from President Obama 's 2009 stimulus package , which targeted broadband - related initiatives .
' Digital exclusion '
For years the technology industry has pushed for the US government to create a national broadband plan .
A season of reports from 8 - 19 March 2010 exploring the extraordinary power of the internet , including : Digital giants - top thinkers in the business on the future of the web Mapping the internet - a visual representation of the spread of the web over the last 20 years Global Voices - the BBC links up with an online community of bloggers around the world
What is SuperPower ?
Ahead of the meeting with Congress , a number of hi-tech companies wrote to Mr Genachowski to praise the plan .
" Broadband is critical to America 's long - term economic and social well - being .
As society increasingly moves online , the costs of digital exclusion grow as well , " said the signatories of the letter , which included Cisco , Sony , Salesforce , Microsoft , Facebook and Intel .
One possible battleground is expected to be over the sale of spectrum that is mostly in the hands of television broadcasters .
Mobile carriers like AT&T and Verizon have said they will need more spectrum in future to provide superfast reliable internet connections to every customer .
" The problem is most of the spectrum is occupied by somebody else .
They are going to want a lot of money for this , " said Adam Thierer , president of the free - market leaning Progress & Freedom Foundation .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The captain ordered passengers to disembark as the two female crew members got into a spat before the flight from Rochester , New York to Atlanta .
Describing it as “ urban terrorism , ” California Atty .
Gen. Jerry Brown joined with Riverside County officials Thursday in asking the public to help find those who tried at least three times to kill officers assigned to a Hemet - based gang task force .
“ It is incredible and even unprecedented for police officers here to be subject to terrorist attack , ” Brown said at a Riverside news conference .
“ We have seen it south of the border , but not here yet . ”
The attacks have involved booby traps aimed at either the headquarters of the Hemet - San Jacinto Gang Task Force or officers assigned to the unit , officials said .
Last December a utility line was redirected to flood the offices with gas so any spark would cause an explosion .
In February , a modified handgun was hidden by the gate to the office and rigged to fire .
When a gang officer opened the gate , the weapon went off , narrowly missing him .
And two weeks ago , police said , a “ dangerous ” device was found near the unmarked car of a task force member .
Officials have put up a $ 200,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible .
The FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives is assisting in the investigation .
“ Unfortunately , somebody out there is trying to kill our police officers , ” said Hemet Police Chief Richard Dana .
“ The only reason they have n’t killed an officer yet is because [ officers ] have been observant enough to see the devices , but we ca n’t expect their luck to hold up . ”
He said the department is toughening security at its offices , including erecting fences and barricades .
Dana said his officers had spotted people watching his headquarters .
The gang task force was formed in 2006 and comprises local , state and federal law enforcement agencies .
So far there are no suspects , but on Wednesday authorities said they led raids on the Vagos outlaw motorcycle gang , which has a large presence in Hemet .
Thirty people were arrested on charges that included possession of drugs and weapons .
“ They are n’t your typical street gang hanging out on a corner slinging rock cocaine , ” said Riverside County Dist .
Atty .
Rod Pacheco .
“ It is a well - established pattern of the Vagos to infiltrate police departments .
They do a lot of surveillance . ”
david.kelly@latimes.com
THE Barack Obama who addressed Americans at near midnight on March 21st had every right to gloat .
After a year in which his proposals for health reform were savaged by Republicans and leftists alike , and declared dead half a dozen times by everyone , he has somehow managed to get them over the finishing line .
The reform package is made up of two bills .
One , a flawed and pork - laden version of health reform passed by the Senate before Christmas , has now been approved by the House ; Mr Obama signed this on March 23rd .
The other is a “ reconciliation ” bill meant to fix some of its flaws , and the House also passed this .
Because this is a new bill , the Senate has to pass it too .
It can do so under special “ reconciliation ” rules that require only 50 votes , not a filibuster - proof 60 .
As The Economist went to press , it looked set to do so .
What will it mean for America ?
The short answer is that the reforms will expand coverage dramatically , but at a heavy cost to the taxpayer .
They will also do far too little to rein in the underlying drivers of America 's roaring health inflation .
Analysis by RAND , an independent think - tank , suggests that the reforms will actually increase America 's overall health spending — public plus private — by about 2 % by 2020 , in comparison with a scenario of no reform ( see chart ) .
And that rate of spending was already unsustainable at a time when the baby - boomers are starting to retire in large numbers .
The heart of the new reform is a restructuring of America 's flawed insurance market .
Insurers now face tough new regulations forbidding such practices as dropping people with “ pre-existing conditions ” ( real or trumped up ) , or putting lifetime caps on coverage .
In return , though , the insurance industry will benefit from a big expansion of the country 's private insurance market .
Heavily regulated exchanges , or insurance marketplaces , would be set up so that consumers not covered by employer - provided plans today could shop for ones more easily .
Insurers would be required to offer plans that meet minimum government requirements for health coverage , and to price them transparently .
Some 32 m of the country 's 49 m or so uninsured ( most of those left out of the new scheme are undocumented aliens ) would , starting in 2014 , be required to take out insurance .
The working poor and uninsured earning up to $ 88,000 a year get subsidies on a sliding scale so that they can afford to buy coverage ; the poorest of all will be added to the rolls of Medicaid , a health scheme for the indigent .
It is this binding requirement on individuals that exercises conservatives most .
They point to recent studies done by the Cato Institute , a libertarian think - tank , which , they claim , are early warnings of trouble to come .
Cato recently examined the impact of introducing health reforms similar to Obamacare in Massachusetts a few years ago .
It estimates that the law has not improved people 's health , but has led to a “ substantial crowdout of private coverage ” and to 60 % fewer young ( and presumably healthy ) adults moving to the state .
It claims that the “ leading estimates understate the law 's cost by at least one third . ”
Premiums have also risen .
If coverage is the new law 's strong point , cost control is its weakness .
That is not to say that most ordinary people will pay more for coverage , as critics of reform noisily insist .
True , some of those forced to buy insurance will earn too much to qualify for subsidies , and so will be spending more than they do today — but , in return , they will get insurance plans that offer more generous coverage than current basic plans .
What is more , many other Americans may end up with lower premiums .
The vast majority of workers enjoy health insurance today through employer - provided schemes .
RAND estimates that by 2019 the employer - provided system will benefit from 6 m new ( mostly healthy ) customers , and that premiums for everyone in that system will drop by 2 % versus business - as - usual .
Fine , but what about costs to the federal government and the overall health system ?
The Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) , a non-partisan agency , estimates that the new health reforms will cost the federal government some $ 940 billion over the next decade .
Of that , roughly $ 400 billion will be spent by 2020 on the subsidies and about $ 500 billion on increased spending on Medicaid .
But that underestimates the full cost of this new reform .
Elizabeth McGlynn of RAND points out that the huge numbers of newly insured — who now typically skip medical care or simply turn up , in a crisis , in emergency rooms — will soon consume a lot of routine medical services .
She thinks this spending will expand the country 's health outlays even more than the direct cost to the federal exchequer .
This need not be a waste of money .
Spending more on routine care today is sure to save some money in the long run : paying for someone to pop statin pills daily , for example , is much cheaper than treating his eventual heart attack .
The snag is that economists disagree on whether and how much this will really save the government or the health system .
What is clear , argues Ms McGlynn , is that this new spending will improve the health and probably extend the lives of those many unfortunates currently without insurance .
Paying the piper
So how is the bill going to be paid ?
The CBO 's analysis suggests that the federal deficit will be slashed by well over a trillion dollars over the next two decades by this reform .
That suggests this reform effort is fiscally prudent .
Not so , howl Republicans .
Paul Ryan , a Republican congressman , believes the reforms will prove a “ fiscal Frankenstein ” ( meaning the monster ) because the CBO 's rules on “ scoring ” bills have led it to rely on several sleights of hand .
For example , insist critics , a big chunk of the savings is made up of politically implausible cuts in doctors ' reimbursements ( known as the “ doc fix ” ) and in Medicare , the government health scheme for the elderly .
Also , some of the income provisions will kick in soon , but the main spending on subsidies will not begin until 2014 — skewing the ten - year analysis .
The cost to the government of expanding coverage over the ten years from 2014 to 2023 will be $ 1.6 trillion , not $ 940 billion .
Such talk infuriates Peter Orszag , the head of the White House 's Office of Management and Budget and the administration 's most important health expert .
He insists all the fuss about ten - year windows obscures three big ways in which this reform will curb costs , by shifting the incentives in the delivery system to reward value and results rather than mere piecework ( or “ fee for service ” ) .
The first big idea that he stresses is the creation of a new agency to spearhead innovation and scale up any of the many pilot schemes contained in the bills that manage to reform delivery or payment systems .
It is true that the reform effort began with earnest intent to “ bend the cost curve ” .
Alas , explains Mark McClellan of the Brookings Institution , the most meaningful proposals have since been watered down or delayed .
The second lever of change that Mr Orszag says is underappreciated is an excise tax introduced on the most expensive ( or “ Cadillac ” ) insurance plans .
Most economists like this idea , as it is likely to discourage excessive consumption of health care .
Unfortunately , because of political pressure from labour unions and other groups , the Cadillac tax has been diluted , and delayed until 2018 .
Sceptics wonder if a future Congress will really implement this tax when the time comes .
Mr Orszag is right that , if implemented , this provision will represent an important lever of cost control .
But it 's a big “ if ” .
The third and strongest argument Mr Orszag makes is for the potential of an independent payment - advisory board on Medicare spending .
Under the new law this group is to make recommendations to Congress on how to reduce the rate of growth in spending per head in Medicare if that expenditure exceeds a target figure .
Sceptics abound .
Yes , the approach succeeded when used by the Pentagon to decide which military bases to shut down .
But an earlier version of this idea , known as MedPAC , flopped because Congress simply ignored even worthy ideas that proved politically inconvenient .
And the new law carves out a ten - year exemption for hospitals — appalling , when one considers that runaway costs and misaligned incentives in hospitals lie at the very heart of the cost problem .
But Mr Orszag believes this approach will help in two ways : it insulates tough decisions from politics , and it encourages ongoing reform rather than one - shot heroics .
Critics say that is a lot of faith to put in a weakened body .
All this points to the only certain thing about Obamacare : that this is just another episode in the long saga of health reform .
Indeed , by adding tens of millions of people to an unreformed and unsustainably expensive health system , this reform makes it all the more urgent to tackle the question of cost .
On that , at least , left and right seem to agree .
Paul Krugman , an economics professor at Princeton and a liberal booster of reform , wrote on the eve of the votes : “ There is , as always , a tunnel at the end of the tunnel : we 'll spend years if not decades fixing this thing . ”
Robert Moffit of the Heritage Foundation , a conservative think - tank opposed to the effort , agrees , albeit in darker terms : “ This marks the beginning of the next phase of this hundred years war . ”
Avatar
The Jerusalem Post
Post
Post
Post
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Post
Titanic
Aliens
Terminator
WASHINGTON – Oscar - winning filmmaker James Cameron has strongly condemned efforts to boycott Israeli artists after his name was wrongly added to one such recent petition .
“ To suppress a gathering of artists , from afar , through boycott or any other means of exerting pressure , is wrong , ” Cameron , whose latest movie , , recently became the highest - grossing film of all time , toldon Wednesday .
“ It is ridiculous to punish artists for the actions of governments , under any circumstances , ” he said .
“ And to ask other artists to exert political pressure on a government , no matter what one ’s opinion of that government or its policies , by punishing artists , is obscene on its face .
” Cameron made his comments to theafter a letter , which called on participants in this year ’s Tel Aviv University student film festival to boycott the event , was circulated with his and Jane Fonda ’s names as the initial signatories .
Fonda ’s publicist , Pat Kingsley , told thethat the world - famous actress “ had nothing to do with this letter and knew nothing about it and does not agree with it .
” And Cameron , in an e-mail to the , explained that “ I was dragged into this without permission or notification , and do not personally support the position of those who wrote the letter .
” He noted that he had received apologies for the mistake of including his name and added , “ I hope , fervently , that the brief and erroneous use of my name did not influence others to sign .
” The draft petition , which originated in Canada , was circulated in recent weeks to gather signatures by “ concerned film teachers , scholars and filmmakers , ” according to the letter .
In his remarks to the , Cameron distinguished between calls for boycotts of goods and services versus forums for artistic expression , saying that in this case , “ if these people want their views expressed , they should go to the film festival themselves and speak out .
Better yet , they should make a film expressing their beliefs and run it there .
“ When film is forced to be political , it ’s called propaganda , ” he continued .
“ It is up to the artistic community to firewall itself from political pressure , so that opinions may be expressed freely .
” Cameron , whose previous blockbusters include , for which he won the Oscar for best director , as well asand thefilms , demurred when asked for his perspective on the Middle East conflict and the role filmmakers had in addressing it .
“ I am not the right person to weigh in with a strong opinion here , whenthere are so many filmmakers who have lived with these issues daily whoneed to be heard , ” he said .
But he added , “ I believe that filmis a way of lowering cultural boundaries and understanding an issuefrom an opposing perspective .
Film allows us to see the world throughthe lens of another person ’s reality , and as such is our most powerfultool for bringing people together and for avoiding conflict . ”
Atheism is the lack of belief
Atheism is the lack of belief in the existence of gods .
It is not a belief system or a religion but the denial that supernatural beings exist .
There are atheists with all sorts of philosophies and beliefs .
You ’re already an atheist
Even if you believe in a god , you probably do n’t believe in other gods – Zeus , Osiris , Jupiter , Thor , Allah or Jesus .
It ’s hypocritical to be skeptical in the holy book , revealed prophets , miracle stories , or holy men of all religions but yours .
You are an atheist when it comes to everyone else ’s gods , so why give your god a free pass ?
The burden of proof is on the theist
Can you prove that an invisible pink elephant is not floating above your head ?
How does one prove a negative in the absence of evidence ?
Theists make the exceptional claim that there is a god .
That claim requires exceptional proof .
The burden of proof is on the theist to prove God exists .
By using reason and science , humans have been expanding our knowledge of the world .
Yet religionists continue to claim that there exists a supernatural realm immune to reason .
Where is their proof ?
If a god is needed to create the universe , what created God ?
Rather than offer proof , mystics have often tried to silence and discredit those who reveal the complexity and majesty of the universe .
There are natural explanations for the universe
What keeps flowers from turning into rocks , or rocks from floating in the sky ?
It ’s not the will of a supernatural deity , but the fact that flowers are not rocks , and gravity keeps things on the ground .
The universe operates according to causal principles , without the need for any supernatural power to keep things from getting chaotic .
Morality does not need religion
Religious texts can offer moral guidance , but they are not the source of moral principles .
Humans discovered long ago that following certain rules makes life more productive , peaceful , and pleasurable .
Morality derives from human nature , not divine guidance .
If one wishes to live a virtuous life , it is better to do so because of the earthly rewards of being virtuous than the fear of eternal punishment .
Unlike a theist , an atheist knows that one life is all he has , and will try to live each day to the fullest .
Further reading
1984 : Miners strike over threatened pit closures
Tens of thousands of Britain 's miners have stopped work in what looks like becoming a long battle against job losses .
More than half the country 's 187,000 mineworkers are now on strike .
Miners in Yorkshire and Kent were the first to down tools this morning - by tonight they had been joined by colleagues in Scotland and South Wales .
The trouble began over an announcement by Chairman of the Coal Board Ian MacGregor six days ago that 20 uneconomic pits would have to close , putting 20,000 miners out of work .
Miners at Cortonwood colliery in Yorkshire - the first earmarked for closure - walked out at midnight on 5 March in protest at the plans .
National Union of Mineworkers president Arthur Scargill is calling on members across the country to join the action .
He is relying on flying pickets to drum up support .
' Very lengthy strike '
Today , violence flared on the picket line at Bilston Glen colliery in Scotland , when miners from the recently closed Polmaise pit tried to stop others going into work .
Punches were thrown and one picket was hurt when a vehicle ran over his foot .
At Harworth in Nottinghamshire , where miners are known to be more moderate , miners ' wives turned out to support their husbands crossing the picket lines .
In South Wales , initial soundings suggested miners were overwhelmingly opposed to a strike - and a number of pits were still working today .
But local NUM spokesman Terry Thomas predicted support for the stoppage would grow .
" Over the next 24 hours there is going to be a realisation by the members still at work that if 85 % of the coalfield see fit to stand up and try to save their industry , I honestly believe they will be joined by the people now at work , " he said .
Mr MacGregor says he is ready to fight .
" Our customers are prepared for a very lengthy strike .
Judging by what our customers have done , they have put together large stocks because of their concern about the fairly wild statements that have been made , " he said .
About four months ' supply of coal , or 22 m tons , at the pitheads and more than 26 m at the power stations , have been stockpiled in readiness for a prolonged stoppage .
Mick McGahey , vice - president of the NUM , told a news conference the miners were not just fighting for their own jobs - but other industries too .
He said : " I want to emphasise the knock - on effects of the closure in pits and the loss of miners ' jobs , the effect that will have on railways , the steel industry , engineering and electrical industries , because we do n't only produce coal . "
A few weeks ago was Rosh Hashanah – The Jewish New Year , and this evening starts Yom Kippur – the Day of Atonement .
The practice around these holidays is a good reminder to take account of where you are and appreciate the blessings around you .
It was a reminder to me to sprint towards the end of 2020 with the energy of a new year .
Yom Kippur is a lot like a Catholic confession , but it happens once a year .
The holiday is a mix of contemplation , mindfulness , and contrition .
Ultimately , we apologize for the sins we 've committed against ourselves , our communities , our friends , and our faith .
Also important is the promise to do better next year .
On top of repenting , we fast ( no food or water ) for a full day to make sure we 're mindful .
via Dry Bones
It 's interesting how little human nature has changed in the past several thousand years .
The list of sins is just as relevant today as I imagine it was back then .
Even if you have managed to stay on the right side of the Ten Commandments , and have n’t killed or stolen … you have most likely been frivolous , stubborn , hurtful , dismissive , or judgmental ( I know I have … ) .
To help drive the importance of the day , we ceremoniously read a poem called the Unetaneh Tokef .
Below is a brief excerpt because it's a powerful read , regardless of faith .
Who will rest and who will wander , who will live in harmony and who will be harried , who will enjoy tranquillity and who will suffer , who will be impoverished and who will be enriched , who will be degraded and who will be exalted .
On one hand , you can read that and pray for Divine intervention ( or perhaps favor ) or you can recognize that we each have a choice about who we want to be , how we show up , and what we make things mean .
Your choices about these things have very real power to create the experience and environment you will live in during the next year .
This year , my local Synagogues are closed due to the pandemic .
As a result , I happen to be in Cabo for today .
As I look at a photo I took , I find myself thinking about that lesson - that we have a choice about who we want to be , how we show up , and what we make things mean .
The picture is just a picture .
The story you tell about it ( or what it means to you ) is actually more important than the image itself .
One could lament that the sun is going down just as easily as they could celebrate the beautiful sunset .
Someone could complain about the rough desert terrain or decide to notice its natural beauty .
You could complain about the heat and humidity or jump in the ocean to cool off .
You could struggle with how difficult it is to get there or appreciate how nice it is to be somewhere so remote and secluded .
In every case , the choice is yours ... this is “ free will ” .
In addition , some might say that it is wrong that I was in Cabo at the start of Yom Kippur .
It reminds me of a story .
Someone asks their religious leader if they can smoke during prayer time ... consequently , they are told “ of course not ” and reminded to take prayer time seriously and to treat it as a sacred moment .
Meanwhile , a different person says “ while walking along the beach , and smoking , they feel close to God and start to pray ... they ask their religious leader if this is OK ... with that framing , the answer is “ of course ” because it is always a good time to feel close to the Divine and to pray .
Progress starts by telling the truth .
And Yom Kippur is a time to honest reflection .
Equally important to recognizing and repenting for your sins , is recognizing and appreciating that you did good and well ... for yourself , your friends and family , or your community .
All - in - all , it 's a nice framework that highlights how you have grown ; and , it also shows where you have room to grow .
100 Days Left
We 're currently bringing in the Jewish New Year , but we also have just under 100 days before the normal New Year .
Many will spend those 100 days stressing about the upcoming elections , grumbling about how 2020 sucked and pretending it 's the universe 's fault they did n't accomplish what they set their mind to ... but , 100 days is a great amount of time to sprint , to make a change , to end the year on a high note .
That 's plenty of time to make this your best year yet .
What can you do ?
What will you do ?
I hope you all experience growth in your mental state , your relationships , and your businesses .
Best wishes for a great day , and an even better year !
House Panel Probes Pentagon on Electrocutions
Created : July 30 , 2008 18:44 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Rep. Henry Waxman ( D - Calif . ) ( WDCpix )
A congressional report released Wednesday blames defense contractor KBR for the recent electrocution of a U.S. soldier in Iraq , in contradiction to what the Pentagon has said .
The report by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform shows that KBR knew about a defective water pump that killed Staff Sgt. Ryan Maseth in January 2008 .
Maseth , 22 , died while showering at the Radwaniyah Palace Complex in Baghdad .
A memo yesterday from the Pentagon ’s inspector general had said KBR could n’t have known that the shower was life - threatening .
Illustration by : Matt Mahurin
KBR , a subsidiary until last year of the oil services giant Halliburton , has received $ 20 billion in Iraq war contracts since the 2003 U.S. invasion .
The contracts cover repair of Iraq ’s infrastructure , including rewiring and re-plumbing the palace building where Meseth died .
KBR recently won a share of a new 10 - year , $ 150 - billion contract to continue their rebuilding and reconstruction work .
But the report fuels lawmakers ’ claims that no one is monitoring Iraq ’s biggest contractor .
The result has allegedly been the death of up to 19 U.S. troops .
At a House oversight committee hearing Wednesday , Democrats and Republicans alike appeared startled by a Pentagon official ’s lack of knowledge about KBR and its controversial electrical work .
“ I ca n’t say that after this hearing I feel assured that the Pentagon , KBR or inspector general will find the answers , ” said Rep. Henry A. Waxman ( D - Calif ) , the committee chairman .
The Pentagon ’s answers at the hearing , mainly from the acting inspector general , Gordon Heddell , did little to assuage the committee members .
In fact , they did n’t even seem to please the inspector general .
After viewing the committee report , Heddell qualified his own inspector general report on the Maseth electrocution as an “ interim report . ”
Heddell ’s report had found “ no credible evidence ” implicating KBR .
He promised the committee that he would issue a new report in October that used the “ significant new information ” provided by the committee .
The oversight committee report focuses narrowly on the Maseth electrocution , concluding that KBR installed the water pump that killed him .
It notes that an Army Special Operations Task Force determined that Maseth died because a water pump engine overheated .
Originally , the Pentagon told Maseth ’s family that he died from carrying an electric appliance into the shower .
But the water pump has since been pinpointed as the undisputed cause of death .
The committee interviewed Staff Sgt. Justin Hummer , the previous occupant of Maseth ’s residence .
Hummer said that he informed both the Pentagon and KBR that the water pump pipes had high voltage and that he often got shocked while showering .
Based on Hummer ’s statement , the committee obtained a work order indicating that the Army hired KBR employees to address the water pump problem in July 2007 .
This was water pump that KBR had previously installed .
At the hearing , none of the five Pentagon officials who testified could either verify or deny the validity of the work order .
A representative from KBR , meanwhile , said that the order was for a different water pump .
“ The installation order that you ’re showing is for another building , ” Tim Bruni , an engineering and construction manager at KBR told Rep. Brian Higgins ( D - N.Y. ) , as Higgins displayed the order on an overhead projector .
“ Though we can not be certain who installed the water pump , we know that KBR did not do so , ” Bruni insisted .
The KBR representative also denied responsibility for other electrocutions of soldiers in Iraq .
The denials leave an accountability problem that may ultimately lead to the Pentagon officials in charge of overseeing KBR .
“ Who is to blame for this ? ” Rep. Tom Davis ( R - Va. ) , the ranking Republican on the committee , asked Bruni .
“ Was it the army ?
Was it the soldier responsible for taking the shower ? ”
“ The responsibility lies with the army , ” Bruni said after initially dodging the question .
The army , meanwhile , remains uncertain how many soldiers have actually been electrocuted .
Gen . David Petraeus , commander of the multinational force in Iraq , said last month that 13 soldiers had been electrocuted .
Last week the Pentagon said the number was 16 .
Now the oversight committee says it has documents indicating 19 deaths .
At the hearing , Jeffrey Parsons , executive director of the Army Contracting Command , said that the Pentagon is still in the process of investigating the electrocutions .
Parsons also noted that Pentagon auditors lack “ sufficient skill sets or expertise to perform adequate oversight of electrical work being performed by KBR . ”
Meanwhile , the Defense Contracting Management Agency , which bears primary responsibility for auditing KBR contracts , is still in the process of finding qualified auditors .
Keith Ernst , a former DCMA director , testified at the hearing that the agency should have had a “ trial run ” managing infrastructure contracts in the U.S. before doing audits in the Iraq war zone .
Committee members also assailed the bureaucratic communication skills of DCMA .
Waxman pointed out that as early as 2004 the U.S. Army Safety Center issued a report calling electrical hazards “ the unexpected killer . ”
In February 2007 , DCMA itself reported that there had been 283 fires at facilities maintained by KBR .
In May 2008 , a DCMA officer warned DCMA ’s Iraq deputy commander that failure to act on the 2007 report could be a liability for the agency .
The deputy commander responded , “ What report ? ”
Toward the end of the hearing , Rep. Robert Brady ( D - Tex . ) grilled Parsons , of the Army Contracting Command , about soldiers ’ deaths from improperly installed electrical devices .
Cpl. Marcos Nolasco was electrocuted while showering in May 2004 .
A power washer that Sgt. Christopher Lee Everett used in September 2005 shorted out , electrocuting him .
“ It ’s been more than four years since the first death , ” Brady said .
“ Why do n’t we know what happened ? ”
“ I ca n’t explain why there ’s not answers , ” Parsons said
KBR ’s new 10 - year Iraq contract is slated to begin in December .
OK , you know how it works .
Everybody who 's really comfortable with testing often offers the following advice :
Use Devel :: Cover
Do n't strive for 100 % coverage
This advice is absolutely correct , but misleading .
It leaves you with an obvious question : what coverage do I want ?
This is where the danger lies .
While hacking on my Veure project , I find myself often digging into code that I do n't understand terribly well .
This also means I do n't understand my interface .
As a result , I often implement something I think will work , hit my browser and view the results .
Which are wrong .
Again .
So I tinker some more .
Again .
Lather , rinse , repeat .
The benefit of this strategy is that I tend to add new functionality much faster .
The drawback is that once something is working , it 's easy to be careless with testing .
And here 's what I 've found :
If it 's not covered , it 's broken .
Every .
Single .
Time .
I admit that anecdotes are not data and maybe I 'm just a bad programmer , but my code is getting complex enough that there are parts of it which look perfectly fine , but are nonetheless wrong .
I recently discovered a URL hack exploit because when I was trying to increase my code coverage , I focused on a few modules with coverage around 98 % or so and tried to get them to 100 % .
Three modules in a row with just a couple of untested lines had bugs in those lines .
You do n't want to test that things already tested work ( do n't test getters / setters in Moose unless you 're hacking on Moose directly ) , but you had better make sure that your code is setting them appropriately .
So do n't strive for 100 % , but be very , very careful about the seductive thought of " I have 95 % coverage " .
If your project is sufficiently complex , that last 5 % will be a minefield .
Magdalena , Colombia ( CNN ) --
To the unaccustomed eye , a man toting 120 books while riding a stubborn donkey would seem nothing short of a circus spectacle .
But for hundreds of children in the rural villages of Colombia , Luis Soriano is far from a clown .
He is a man with a mission to save rural children from illiteracy .
" There was a time when many people thought that I was going crazy , " said Soriano , a native of La Gloria , Colombia .
" They 'd yell , ' Carnival season is over . ' ... Now I 've overcome that . "
Soriano , 38 , is a primary school teacher who spends his free time operating a " biblioburro , " a mobile library on donkeys that offers reading education for hundreds of children living in what he describes as " abandoned regions " in the Colombian state of Magdalena .
" In [ rural ] regions , a child must walk or ride a donkey for up to 40 minutes to reach the closest schools , " Soriano said .
" The children have very few opportunities to go to secondary school .
... There are [ few ] teachers that would like to teach in the countryside . "
Do you know a hero ?
Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes
At the start of his 17 - year teaching career , Soriano realized that some students were having difficulty not just learning , but finishing their homework assignments .
Most of the students falling behind lived in rural villages , where illiterate parents and lack of access to books prevented them from completing their studies .
To help bridge the learning gap , Soriano decided to personally bring books to the children .
" I saw two unemployed donkeys at home and had the idea [ to use ] them in my biblioburro project because they can carry a heavy load , " Soriano said .
" I put the books on their backs in saddles and they became my work tools . "
Every Wednesday at dusk and every Saturday at dawn , Soriano leaves his wife and three young children to travel to select villages -- up to four hours each way -- aboard a donkey named Alfa .
A second donkey , Beto , follows behind , toting additional books and a sitting blanket .
They visit 15 villages on a rotating basis .
" It 's not easy to travel through the valleys , " Soriano said .
" You sit on a donkey for five or eight hours , you get very tired .
It 's a satisfaction to arrive to your destination . "
At each village , some 40 - 50 youngsters await their chance to get homework help , learn to read or listen to any variety of tall tales , adventure stories and geography lessons Soriano has prepared .
" You can just see that the kids are excited when they see the biblioburro coming this way .
It makes them happy that he continues to come , " said Dairo Holguin , 34 , whose two children take part in the program .
" For us , his program complements what the children learn in school .
The books they do not have access to ... they get from the biblioburro . "
More than 4,000 youngsters have benefited from Soriano 's program since it began in 1990 .
Soriano says countless others have been helped , too ; parents and other adult learners often participate in the lessons .
Soriano has spent nearly 4,000 hours riding his donkeys , and he 's not traveled unscathed .
In July 2008 , he fractured his leg when he fell from one of the donkeys ; in 2006 , he was pounced on by bandits at a river crossing and tied to a tree when they found out he had no money .
Despite these injuries , which left him with a limp , Soriano has no intention of slowing down .
In addition to the biblioburro program , he and his wife built the largest free library in Magdalena next to their home .
The library has 4,200 books , most of which are donated -- some from as far away as New York City .
They also run a small community restaurant .
Soriano's hope is that people will understand the power of reading and that communities can improve from being exposed to books and diverse ideas .
" For us teachers , it 's an educational triumph , and for the parents [ it 's ] a great satisfaction when a child learns how to read .
That 's how a community changes and the child becomes a good citizen and a useful person , " Soriano said .
" Literature is how we connect them with the world . "
Want to get involved ?
Check out Luis Soriano 's website at www.fundacionbiblioburro.com and see how to help .
From Air Cannons to Nuclear Reactors - It 's all here
Statement from Dr. Cedric Garland
( Natural News )
In a gathering of vitamin D researchers recently held in Toronto , Dr. Cedric Garland delivered a blockbuster announcement : Vitamin D is " the cure " for breast cancer that the cancer industry ridiculously claims to be searching for .
The cure already exists !
But the breast cancer industry simply refuses to acknowledge any " cure " that does n't involve mammography , chemotherapy or high - profit pharmaceuticals .
Vitamin
D is finally gaining some of the recognition it deserves as a miraculous anti-cancer nutrient .
It isfor cancer prevention .
It could save hundreds of thousands of lives each year in the U.S. alone .
Even Dr. Andrew Weil recently raised his recommendation of vitamin D to 2,000 IU per day .
This is the vitamin that could destroy the cancer industry and save millions of women from the degrading , harmful cancer " treatments " pushed by conventional medicine .
No wonder they do n't want to talk about it !
The cancer industry would prefer toabout this vitamin that could save their breasts and their lives .
Below I 'm reprinting the full statement from Dr. Cedric Garland following the Vitamin D conference recently held in Toronto .
Breast cancer is a disease so directly related to vitamin D deficiency that a woman 's risk of contracting the disease can be ' virtually eradicated ' by elevating her vitamin D status to what vitamin D scientists consider to be natural blood levels .
That 's the message vitamin D pioneer Dr. Cedric Garland delivered in Toronto Tuesday as part of the University of Toronto School of Medicine 's " Diagnosis and Treatment of Vitamin D Deficiency " conference - the largest gathering of vitamin D researchers in North America this year .
More than 170 researchers , public health officials and health practitioners gathered at the UT Faculty club for the landmark event .
Garland 's presentation headlined a conference that reviewed many aspects of the emerging vitamin D research field - a booming discipline that has seen more than 3,000 academic papers this calendar year alone , conference organizers said .
That makes vitamin D by far the most prolific topic in medicine this year , with work connecting it with risk reduction in two dozen forms of cancer , heart disease , multiple scleroses and many other disorders .
Dr. Reinhold Vieth , Associate Professor in the Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathobiology at University of Toronto , and Director of the Bone and Mineral Laboratory at Mount Sinai Hospital , organized the event in conjunction with Grassroots Health - an international vitamin D advocacy group founded by breast cancer survivor Carole Baggerly .
Baggerly implored the research group to take action and encourage Canadians to learn more about vitamin D and to raise their vitamin D levels .
An estimated 22,700 women will be diagnosed with breast cancer in 2009 , according to the Canadian Cancer Society 's latest figures .
As much as 97 percent of Canadians are vitamin D deficient at some point in the year , according to University of Calgary research - largely due to Canada 's northerly latitudes and weak sun exposure .
Sunshine is by far the most abundant source of vitamin D - called ' The Sunshine Vitamin ' - with salmon and fortified milk being other sources .
Vitamin D supplementation helps raise levels for many as well .
Grassroots
Health's " D - action " panel - 30 of the world 's leading researchers on vitamin D and many other vitamin D supporters - recommend 2,000 IU of vitamin D daily and vitamin D blood levels of 100 - 150 nanomoles - per-liter as measured by a vitamin D blood test .
Vieth pointed out that natural vitamin D levels of mammals who live outdoors in sunny climates is higher than that - up to 200 nanomoles - per liter .
And Garland , whose presentation was entitled " Breast Cancer as a Vitamin D Deficiency Disease " presented data showing that raising one 's vitamin D status near those levels decreased breast cancer risk more than 77 percent .
' The Sunshine Vitamin ' was once thought of only for bone health , helping the body process calcium .
But more recent work has shown that all cells in the body have " vitamin D receptors " which help control normal cell growth .
Additionally , Garland presented new evidence that low vitamin D status compromises the integrity of calcium - based cellular bonding within tissues , which when eroded allow rogue cancer cells to spread more readily .
Grassroots
Health is trying to raise vitamin D awareness among Canadians .
Despite epidemic - level vitamin D deficiency in Canada , fewer than nine per cent of Canadians have ever had their vitamin D levels checked by a professional and most who have do not know their vitamin D blood level .
Sign up for our free newsletter to get updates in the Digital Desire world .
It ’s time for bed over here , but before I turn in with a nice cup of tea and a Gilmore Girls episode , we ’ve got some good news for you : SCO has been dealt yet another major blow in its baseless lawsuit against Novell .
A jury has ruled that Novell owns the UNIX copyrights – not SCO .
With this verdict , the jury reiterates earlier verdicts which also stated that Novell owned the UNIX copyrights , and not SCO .
It would appear SCO was n’t even the slightest bit convincing ; the jury was required to reach a unanimous conclusion , which they did .
“ Novell is very pleased with the jury ’s decision confirming Novell ’s ownership of the Unix copyrights , which SCO had asserted to own in its attack on Linux , ” Novell said in a blogpost , “ Novell remains committed to promoting Linux , including by defending Linux on the intellectual property front . ”
SCO still is n’t done , though .
“ The copyright claims are gone , but we have other claims based on contracts , ” the company said .
They are referring to their case against IBM , which is still ongoing .
However , with the copyright claims gone , little remains .
Linux users , in any case , are finally free from SCO .
As you ’ve probably heard by now , Lierre Keith , author of the fabulous book The Vegetarian Myth , was attacked by three vegan nut - jobs on Saturday while giving a speech .
They threw a pie laced with cayenne pepper in her face .
If that does n’t sound like much of an attack , keep in mind that it ’s nearly the equivalent of being attacked with pepper spray .
And frankly , I ’d be outraged even if the pie was made of whipped cream .
( No wait … that would be a dairy product ; the vegans would never stoop to such cruelty just to assault a human being . )
Fortunately , Keith is recovering .
Jimmy Moore wrote to inquire about her condition , and she replied :
My eyes are still puffy and blurry , but the pain is definitely better .
I think the worst part was hearing people cheer my assailants while I was being assaulted .
I do n’t want to live in a world where people cheer while someone has cayenne rubbed into their eyes .
Yes , people were cheering — while three men in masks attacked a 45 - year - old woman who already has a damaged spine .
My , what courage .
I ’d like to say I ’m surprised , but I ’m not .
The animal - rights wackos have a long and proud history of attacking soft targets .
As my comedian friend Tim Slagle once pointed out , they ’ll happily throw blood on women wearing fur — but strangely , they never feel inspired to attempt a similar protest on men wearing leather .
Nearly as disturbing as the attack was the ability of some vegans to justify it in their fatty - acid - depleted brains .
Here are few quotes from a “ news ” site , with my comments :
Some will undoubtedly argue that the pieing was an attack on free speech , but Keith has been afforded more speech than most people on the planet will ever be , courtesy of PM Press .
Well , gosh yes , once someone has been afforded more than his or her share of free speech , it ’s perfectly okay to use violence to correct the imbalance .
I ’m sure that ’s what James Earl Ray had in mind , too .
Although if you really think about it — and I ’d suggest consuming an egg or two before tackling this one — you and Lierre Keith have been afforded exactly the same amount of free speech .
The only difference is that more people have elected to listen to her .
In fact , she is profiting from the soap box she has been given to pretend she is a radical environmentalist who just happens to jet around the country to and from her home in rural Massachusetts .
Making a profit and flying on a jet ?
Truly unforgivable .
Since Al Gore has set himself up to make millions in the carbon - credit business while flying all over creation in a private jet and living in a mansion that uses 20 times the national average for electricity , can we expect you to toss a pepper - pie in his face anytime soon ?
Or will you remain true to form and attack Tipper instead ?
In a world where vegans and vegetarians are a definite minority , face constant bombardment with pro-meat messages our American cattle culture , and frequently have to deal with direct attacks from government , law enforcement , and multinational corporations that profit from the sale of factory - farmed meat and dairy , Ramsey Kanaan of PM
Press , himself a long - time vegan , strangely chose to pile on with yet another attack on vegans , this time being especially traumatic in that it comes from the inside of the supposed radical environmental movement .
Those direct attacks from the government on the oppressed vegan minority are an outrage , all right .
Just last week , storm troopers dragged a dozen vegans out of our local Whole Foods and shot them in the street .
It ’s a shame you do n’t live in a country where you ’re free to just ignore those traumatizing pro-meat messages and continue living as a vegan .
Through the Bound Together collective , of which Ramsey Kanaan is a member , Lierre Keith has been asked to speak in the Bay Area repeatedly .
The mean - spirited book and these speaking engagements are largely one - way conversations with Keith dominating the dialogue .
Wait … you mean she ’s been asked to speak repeatedly ?!
Wow , that usually only happens to people who have something interesting to say and can therefore draw a crowd .
But I see your point about the one - way conversations .
It ’s got to stop .
In fact , nearly every time I attend a speech , the speaker just stands up there speaking and speaking and speaking , without ever asking me what I believe .
I ca n’t tell you how many times I ’ve thought to myself , “ Damn !
If only I had a pepper - laced pie , I could bring some balance into this dialog . ”
But today , anonymous masked peoples stood up and refused to allow PM Press and Bound Together to yet again try to cram Lierre Keith down our throats .
They stood up for many who have suffered silently , without a voice , since the publication of her book .
I hear you , bro .
I remember the glory days when people were allowed to choose which speeches they ’d attend .
Now , of course , the meat industry kidnaps vegans at gunpoint and crams Lierre Keith ’s speeches down their throats .
Those were some true freedom fighters who attacked her .
More bravery like this , and perhaps someday vegans will be allowed to publish their own books , give their own speeches in public , or — dare I say it ? — express their opinions on their very own blogs , instead of being forced to suffer in silence .
The article was bad enough .
Here are a few bits of wisdom from vegans commenting on the article :
Lierre Keith was appropriately treated when she was physically stopped from continuing to advocate for and incite the murder of innocent non-human beings .
Ca n’t argue with that .
Next time I see some vegan farmer tilling the soil and killing thousands of non-humans in the process , I ’m going to mace him in the face .
( No wait , I keep forgetting about vegan logic : it ’s okay to kill creatures in the quest for food as long as you are n’t killing on purpose . )
She was pied , get over it .
Big deal , even IF it was a spicy pie .
Somebody call the waaaambulance for this loser .
This action was both hilarious & totally appropriate .
Yeah , a little spice in the eyes is hilarious .
Nothing to fuss about .
Any chance we could meet in person so I can share a few laughs with you ?
I do this bit with Tabasco sauce that ’s just side - splitting .
Lierre obviously comes from a privileged perspective if the very first thing she said was “ someone call the cops ” as only the privileged automatically think of police as their friends and defenders .
Lower classes and darker skinned people do not immediately look to police for help .
They ’ll take the help if it ’s there , but they do n’t assume police generally exist to serve them .
That ’s why I enjoy watching “ Cops ” on TV : it just cracks me up seeing all those people who come from a privileged perspective calling the police on each other .
Last week I saw a repeat of the episode where the guy in the smoking jacket answers the door and says , “ Yes , officer , my wife Muffy is such a pill , I ’m afraid she let loose with the pepper - spray in the middle of a heated discussion about the relevance of Kantian ethics in modern society .
Could you be a dear and slap some cuffs on her ?
And I wo n’t object if you make them uncomfortably tight . ”
But if you ’re suggesting Lierre Keith should deal with being physically attacked in a manner more befitting the “ lower classes and darker skinned people , ” I ’m pretty sure we can round up plenty of volunteers to administer the appropriate justice .
Has anyone considered that it was n’t Vegans who pied who but an agent provocateur trying to create division ?
Damn , you caught us .
See , that ’s the thing about us meat - eaters : we take ourselves and our identities as meat - eaters so seriously , we sit around and try to think of ways to split up the vegan movement .
Message to Keith and others who promote oppression , repression and murder of the innocent , and destruction of the planet , however misinformedly well - intentioned – “ No more free ride ! ”
By all means , please start physically assaulting anyone who believes eating meat is beneficial .
I ’d suggest you start with Fred Hahn .
That will give you a chance to field - test your theory that avoiding meat actually makes people stronger .
( Although I predict the theory will turn out to be misinformedly wrong . )
As a vegan I ’m both mad at and ashamed of the people who did this .
They are bullies .
You sound eerily sane .
How long have you been a vegan ?
( To be fair , more than a few vegans were disgusted by the attack .
Good for them . )
Some commenters suggested the attackers were suffering from the “ vegan rage ” Keith describes in her book .
That was my first thought as well .
But since then , I ’ve decided we may be confusing a correlation with a cause .
Yes , they could be prone to rage because a vegan diet has depleted their brains .
But I think it ’s just as likely they ’re militant vegans because they fit the personality type described so brilliantly by Eric Hoffer in his book The True Believer .
I plan to write a post on that topic later in the week .
It seems more appropriate for my other blog , so it ’ll probably end up there .
I ’ll let you know .
Showcase
Tim Slagle | MySpace Video
The Dark Mod 2.08 Released !
Long in development , many fixes related to Multi-Core , Uncapped FPS , and the 64 - bit migration are now available .
Bloom , 64 - bit color mode , and SSAO options …
It ’s always refreshing to talk about a brand new torrent tracker .
It ’s even more refreshing when the said tracker is a specialized , niche tracker .
Merlin ( or ML ) is a new private torrent site that indexes movies , TV shows and music that belong to Science Fiction / Fantasy genres .
ML is not just any new project launched by a bunch of beginners to the BitTorrent scene .
It ’s backed by an experienced crew who are responsible for running the successful ACiD tracker , one of the best and oldest community based private torrent sites in existence .
Launching to the public in the first week of March , Merlin will initially be closed for public signups .
However , interested members will be able to join the tracker through official IRC recruitment channel as well as by requesting for an invite via E - Mail .
Given the nature of secrecy surrounding ML project , chances are that you may never have heard about this site until now .
Even after the public launch , it ’s unlikely that ML will turn into a ‘ public ’ private tracker as it usually happens nowadays ( not saying it ’s a bad thing ) .
It ’s publicity policy is something similar to that employed by ACiD - posting of full tracker URL or name in public is prohibited .
However it ’s not one of those out of reach sites either - Although there are no open signups for now ( there may be in future ) , members will initially be recruited via both IRC and E-mail .
Just like ACiD , community will have a higher focus on ML and it wo n’t just be about torrents and downloading .
At the time this article was written , the public launch of ML had not occurred ( but by the time you read this , it may very well have happened ) .
However , we were able to get a sneak peak of things to come thanks to the kind SysOps of this tracker .
Running on a custom tracker script , Merlin ’s interface definitely looked good .
The layout was well organized , uncluttered and the color selection was very easy on the eyes .
Even though it ’s a brand new tracker ML already indexes 425 + active torrents .
These include movies , TV shows , soundtracks all related to the Science Fiction and Fantasy genres .
Quite a few exclusive , unique torrents have also been indexed .
These can be identified by ‘ Menc ’ or ‘ ML ’ tags on torrent title and are usually placed inside ‘ Merlin Encodes ’ category .
Expect ML to build both its torrent index as well as registered users database pretty fast – they have the backing of ACiD which already has a rock solid foundation with ~ 20000 active members .
If you are ever to become a member of ML , you might want to read their downloading rules .
Quoted from the rules page :
A Hit & Run here on ML is when you complete a torrent , stop it and do not return to seed within 24 hrs .
This applies to all torrents whether they are free download torrents , ratio boosters , and special vip torrents , such as movie box sets etc ... unless other wise stated by a staff member .
You need to be active on every torrent you download for a minimum of 72 hrs ( 3 days ) or , achieve a 1:1 ratio , unless the torrent is over 20 gb's in size .
This means total time downloading and seeding .
If the torrent is over 20 GB 's in size then we require that you be active on it for 120 hrs ( 5 days ) or achieve a 1:1 ratio ( Which ever comes first ) .
This means total time downloading and seeding .
The above are minimum seed time requirements .
Seeding beyond the minimum will net you 1.5 x credit on uploads .
How to get invited to ML
Currently there are two ways to request for an invite to ML .
In both cases , you will be invited ( if approved ) by tracker staff themselves and there is no need to worry about getting scammed .
Send an E-mail with the subject ‘ Merlins Invite ’ to merlins.invite@gmail.com .
Be sure to include at least one screenshot ( which shows your ratio on site ) of a private torrent tracker that you are already a member of .
OR Login to ML invites IRC channel and request an invite there – please follow rules stated in the channel topic .
Invite channel details are as follows :
Server : irc.pron.org.uk
Channel : #merlins - invites
Direct Link : irc://irc.pron.org.uk/merlins-invites
Special thanks to methods , MuddSlinger , Saavyboy and rest of ACiD / ML staff for the heads up .
Related Articles
COMMUNICATIONS
Minister Stephen Conroy held a secret meeting and went snow - skiing with Seven 's billionaire owner Kerry Stokes at a ritzy American resort only weeks before handing over a $ 250 million gift to Australia 's free - to - air TV networks .
The Sunday Herald Sun can reveal that Senator Conroy - a skiing and snowboarding fanatic - met Mr Stokes in Vail , Colorado , in January , while the Government was considering pleas from the free - to - air industry to cut their licence fees .
Mr Stokes has purchased several properties in Vail 's Beaver Creek , including a luxury $ 15.5 million penthouse .
The meeting came a month before the Victorian - based Senator Conroy cut licence fees paid by Seven , Ten and Nine for the next two years , depriving the Government of about $ 250 million in revenue .
The decision was controversial because Senator Conroy said it was to protect Australian content - but it included no binding requirement for the networks to spend the money on Australian content .
Instead , it went directly to their bottom line .
Both Mr Stokes and Senator Conroy refused to say what was discussed .
Mr Stokes , through a spokesman , said he had " thoroughly enjoyed " skiing with Senator Conroy .
Senator Conroy confirmed the secret meeting when questioned by the Sunday Herald Sun and said his conduct was " entirely appropriate . "
He did not mention the pair had gone skiing .
" Last month I visited Colorado on a personal holiday , which was fully paid for by me , including all airfares from Australia to Colorado , " Senator Conroy said .
" On one day during this trip I visited Mr Stokes and returned to my accommodation that evening . "
Senator Conroy said he regularly met with senior communications stakeholders to discuss matters relevant to his role as Minister for Broadband Communications and the Digital Economy .
" These include Mr Stokes and senior representatives of his companies , John Hartigan ( News Ltd chairman and CEO ) , Kim Williams ( Foxtel CEO ) , John Porter ( Austar CEO ) and David Gyngell ( Nine CEO ) .
" All of my conduct with Mr Stokes and his associates , and all other stakeholders in my portfolio , has been entirely appropriate , " he said .
Senator Conroy said he also attended the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas and the West Coast Australian American Leadership Dialogue while he was in the US .
" I did not meet any representatives of Mr Stokes at either forum , " he said .
Seven spokesman Simon Francis said : " Mr Stokes is enjoying his annual holiday at Beaver Creek in the United States , as he does every northern winter .
It his own personal time and given that , we do n't canvass how he enjoys his holidays .
" But , Mr Stokes says he thoroughly enjoyed his couple of ski runs with Senator Conroy . "
Beaver Creek is an exclusive resort in the Colorado Rockies that has some of the finest skiing in America .
Mr Stokes , who owned a property there , made headlines in 2002 when he bought a sumptuous six - bedroom , six - bathroom penthouse for $ 15.5 million , smashing the previous property price records .
Senator Conroy would not answer questions on whether he 'd accepted any hospitality from Mr Stokes .
" Any items that require disclosure will be disclosed under the rules of Parliament , " he said .
On February 3 , Senator Conroy updated his list of declarable interests , covering the month of January .
It makes no mention of any matters involving Mr Stokes .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd is a previous recipient of Mr Stokes 's hospitality , staying in Mr Stokes 's mansion in Broome , WA , last year .
Senator Conroy announced on February 7 that free - to - air providers would pay $ 250 million less in licence fees over the next two years in order to protect Australian content .
But his decision contained no clause making it compulsory for the networks to spend the money producing Australian content , meaning the money will instead go directly to their bottom lines .
Pay - TV operators , including the biggest broadcaster , Foxtel ( which is part - owned by News Ltd , publisher of the Sunday Herald Sun ) , were unhappy , accusing the Government of giving preferential treatment to the free - to - air operators .
Senator Conroy is already under pressure after recommending his mate , former Queensland Labor MP Mike Kaiser , should get a $ 450,000 - a- year job with NBN Co , the government agency responsible for rolling out the Government 's $ 43 billion national broadband network .
The Government is also under fire over revelations Environment Minister Peter Garrett had been warned 13 times about dangers in the Government 's funding of housing insulation .
The flood of money spawned a rise in untrained operators , leading to a spate of house fires .
Five Muslim men who protested at a home - coming parade in Luton where soldiers were called murderers have been convicted of being abusive .
The charges related to a march by The Royal Anglian Regiment through the town in March 2009 .
The five men , all from Luton , were convicted of using threatening , abusive or insulting words and behaviour likely to cause harassment and distress .
Two men were cleared of all charges at Luton Magistrates ' Court .
Jalal Ahmed , 21 , Yousaf Bashir , 29 , Ziaur Rahman , 32 , Shajjadar Choudhury , 31 , Munim Abdul , 28 , were found guilty .
The men's lawyers argued the right to freedom of speech was at stake Ibrahim Anderson , 32 , and Jubair Ahmed , 19 , who are also from Luton , were found not guilty .
All had denied the charges .
The five convicted men were given two - year conditional discharges and were ordered to pay costs of £ 500 each .
District Judge Carolyn Mellanby said : " I have no doubt it is abusive and insulting to tell soldiers to ' Go to hell ' - to call soldiers murderers , rapists and baby killers .
" It is not just insulting to the soldiers but to the citizens of Luton who were out on the streets that day to honour and welcome soldiers home .
" Citizens of Luton are entitled to demonstrate their support for the troops without experiencing insults and abuse . "
Distress to others
She went on : " The fact that they say they did not intend their remarks to be insulting does not amount to defence in law .
" They were fully aware that shocking phrases in such circumstances would inevitably cause distress . "
Supt Mark Turner , of Bedfordshire Police , said : " We acknowledge that while the events of 10 March attracted high - profile media coverage and generated a lot of public anger , we must point out that our investigation was proportionate and fair to ensure the legal process was followed and maintained .
" It is also important to remind everyone that this incident involved a very small number of individuals who are not representative of and do not have the support of the Muslim community who live in the town . "
If you believe in freedom of speech you have to accept that some things will be said that you will not like
Sonal Dashani , defence lawyer Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) lawyer Paul Harrison said : " It is always a difficult job to balance the rights of those wishing to express their views on political issues against the need to protect the public from distress and alarm .
" We welcome District Judge Mellany 's finding that their conduct was threatening and did in fact cause alarm and distress to others present at the parade . "
Defence lawyers had argued the right to freedom of speech was at stake and Jubair Ahmed 's lawyer Sonal Dashani had referred to the French philosopher Voltaire .
He said : " Voltaire said ' I disagree with what you say but I will defend to the death your right to say it ' .
" That was in the 18th Century .
Things have moved on since then , though perhaps not as quickly as one might have liked .
" If you believe in freedom of speech you have to accept that some things will be said that you will like and some things will be said that you will not like . "
Angry scenes broke out during the parade for the 2nd Battalion The Royal Anglian Regiment , known as The Poachers .
Lawyers defending the men said their clients discussed their plans to protest with police beforehand , had agreed to a time and a place to do so with them , had complied with police throughout and officers had not objected at the time to their slogans .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
An Australian victims advocacy group says an apology from the Pope and the leader of Ireland 's Catholic Church will not be enough to help victims of church abuse .
Both the Pope and the leader of the Catholic Church in Ireland , Cardinal Sean Brady , have asked Irish Catholics for forgiveness over a sexual abuse scandal which began in the 1970s .
The apology to Irish Catholics follows similar expressions of remorse from the Pope to Catholics in the United States and Australia in 2008 .
Chris MacIsaac from victims advocacy group Broken Rites says nothing much has changed since the Pope 's apology .
" Broken Rites continually gets calls from people who tell us that the process set up by the church to deal with these matters is inadequate and certainly does n't serve them well , " she said .
" In fact , a lot tell us they 're left worse off and feel psychologically abused by the process itself . "
She says the church is still unable to find ways of making victims ' complaints heard and properly handled .
Pope 's pastoral letter
Speaking in English to pilgrims and tourists at the Vatican , Pope Benedict said he would sign his long - awaited pastoral letter dealing with paedophilia in Ireland .
" As you know , in recent months the church in Ireland has been severely shaken as a result of the child abuse crisis , " he said .
" As a sign of my deep concern I have written a pastoral letter dealing with this painful situation .
I ask all of you to read it for yourselves with an open heart and in a spirit of faith .
" My hope is that it will help in the process of repentance , healing and renewal . "
The Pope has made no mention of other clerical abuse scandals that have in recent weeks rocked the Catholic Church in Germany as well as the Netherlands , Austria , Switzerland and Brazil .
In Germany , two - thirds of the country 's dioceses have been implicated in physical and sexual abuse allegations made by more than 250 former students of Catholic institutions .
Speaking out for the first time , German Chancellor Angela Merkel called the scandal a major challenge to German society .
" I think that we all agree that sexual abuse of minors is a despicable crime and the only way for our society to come to terms with it is to look for the truth and find out everything that has happened , " she said .
Cardinal 's apology
At a St Patrick 's Day mass in Armagh , Cardinal Brady expressed his regret for any failures on his part in connection with an investigation 35 years ago into abuses by a paedophile priest .
" I want to say to anyone who has been hurt by any failure on my part that I apologise to you with all my heart , " he said .
Speaking later to journalists , Cardinal Brady said he was ashamed he had not always upheld the values he believed in .
" I apologised to those who have suffered as a result of abuse in the past , and particularly I apologised to those who due to my failures in the past have suffered , " he said .
" Dealing with the past is never easy but it has to be done and the future has to be faced . "
Cardinal Brady has so far resisted public pressure to resign for not informing police about the abuse and agreeing that the victims should remain silent .
With today 's formal apology , some Catholic worshippers have given the Cardinal their support .
But Irish abuse victim Colm O'Gorman says Cardinal Brady has lost his moral authority .
" I 'm afraid an admission of regret and statements of shame - whilst important - do n't go far enough to acknowledging the significant responsibility that he has , " Mr O'Gorman said .
Mr O'Gorman said he was left clinically depressed and suicidal following his experiences .
But he said the systematic cover - up of the abuse was the even greater crime .
" If an organisation constantly refuses or fails to put in place proper boundaries to contain the behaviour of offending priests , their behaviour will continue , " he said .
ECONO -PERIL
The U.S. should brace for “ economic jihad , ” warns Gabriel Weimann , a terrorism analyst at the University of Haifa who says he has monitored public and encoded Web sites “ run by Islamic terrorist organizations ” for years .
He cites dismal figures : the 9/11 perpetrators spent an estimated $ 500,000 staging the attacks on American soil , ultimately costing the U.S. $ 500 billion in losses .
The nation ’s fiscal circumstances and shifting foreign and domestic policies could set the stage for more of the same .
“ For the Jihadists , the present economic crisis signifies an ideal opportunity and platform to leverage an economic terrorist campaign , ” Mr. Weimann says .
What ’s in store ?
He believes the jihad movement is considering “ hitting international corporations directly , ” assassinating “ key personalities in the global economy ” and that they could organize boycotts by up to 1.5 billion Muslims .
A prolonged , costly U.S. military action in Iraq and Afghanistan “ would help drain America ’s financial resources and eventually critically damage the American economy , ” Mr. Weimann says .
He also found that jihadists are bolstering their insight about potential economic weaknesses by following Western financial publications , industry and academic analyses , and the costs associated with natural disasters , oil prices , unemployment rates and the stock market .
“ One might think that an ‘ econo - jihad ’ is less violent , but this is not the case , ” Mr. Weimann adds .
“ Economic turns actually influence the terrorists ’ targets , which have included oil - drilling infrastructures , tourism and international economic institutions .
Indeed , Islamic terrorism ’s future devices will focus on targets that will yield the most economic damage . ”
STRAIGHT SHOOTER ?
Well , let ’s just say it is a convoluted story .
It ’s been three years since Larry Craig faced charges of lewd conduct in a Minneapolis airport men ’s restroom , after a flirtatious foot found its way over into a neighboring stall occupied by a law enforcement officer .
It ’s also been three years since the former Idaho senator was last elected to the National Rifle Association ’s board of directors , a position he ’s held since 1983 .
Mr. Craig , who saw out his term and left office 14 months ago , is still on the ballot .
The NRA membership will cast its votes May 14 , during the group ’s annual meeting .
It is a delicate situation , perhaps - and insiders expect that Mr. Craig , well , is not on target this time .
“ As usual , the field includes a number of big names and celebrities , all of whom are certain to win .
This category includes Bob Barr , Dave Butz , Richard Childress , Sandy Froman , Marion Hammer , Susan Howard , Karl Malone , Oliver North , Ted Nugent and Don Young , ” says Jeff Knox , spokesman for the Virginia - based Firearms Coalition .
“ Normally Joaquin Jackson and Larry Craig would have made the shoo - in list , but Senator Craig ’s highly publicized personal issues and Ranger Jackson ’s televised comments suggesting that ‘ assault rifles ’ should be restricted to five - round capacity place their re-election in doubt , ” Mr. Knox adds .
“ While both of these men have served well on the board and I consider both to be personal friends , I would have preferred it if they had stepped aside to give someone else a chance to serve . ”
THE BUNNING LEXICON
Oh dear .
It ’s not good .
Sen .
Jim Bunning is , as folks might say amongst the bluegrass , getting whomped in the press for holding up a lot of unemployment checks , among other things .
Just a few of the choice words about the Kentucky Republican :
“ Callous , bizarre , egocentric . ” ( Lexington Herald Leader ) .
“ Ornery nature , ungovernable mouth . ” ( Associated Press ) .
“ Grandstanding . ” ( Atlantic Journal Constitution ) .
“ One - man roadblock . ” ( Reuters )
JUST SO YOU KNOW
Only in Washington , perhaps .
On Wednesday , the Thunder Grill at Union Station plays host to the “ Muckrakers ’ Happy Hour , ” a kind of cocktail time for pushy journalists sponsored by the Project On Government Oversight , a group that adores a good corruption probe more than anything else on the planet .
There ’s free appetizers .
And the drink of choice ?
Maybe a Dirty Martini , maybe not .
“ There ’s no particular featured cocktail , but with the happy - hour prices , numerous drinks come to mind that are still fiscally responsible .
The Mudslide , Mississippi Mud and the Easy Money Cocktail , ” spokesman Keith Rutter tells Inside the Beltway .
THE FOG CREEPS IN
A bill now pending before the South Dakota state Senate deems global warming a “ controversial ” topic , right alone with evolution and stem - cell research .
“ HCR 1009 ” would require public school teachers to present a “ balanced and objective ” presentation of global warming , allowing them to question alarmist claims that the planet is in peril , mostly due to manmade hazards .
But diehard scientists are striking back .
“ The effect of the law will be chilling to teachers on the ground .
Science is not and should not be resolved through the legislative process , and the details of what teachers present as science should not be dictated by legislators with no experience as scientists or teachers , ” says Joshua Rosenau , public information project director at the National Center for Science Education .
Will teachers “ bow to political pressure and misinform their students about global warming ? ” he asks , adding , “ It may take a latter - day John Scopes to shoulder the burden of public ignominy , defend the integrity of science education , and show the South Dakota legislature the error of its ways . ”
POLL DU JOUR
• 62 percent of U.S. voters say it ’s “ at least somewhat likely ” the next president will be Republican .
• 69 percent of Republicans and 19 percent of Democrats say it ’s “ very likely . ”
• 65 percent of voters overall say politics in Washington will become “ more partisan in the next year . ”
• 77 percent of Republicans and 57 percent of Democrats agree .
• 53 percent of voters overall say President Obama is “ governing like a partisan Democrat . ”
• 28 percent say Mr. Obama is governing on a “ bipartisan basis . ”
• 10 percent of Republicans and 49 percent of Democrats agree .
Source : A Rasmussen Reports survey of 1,000 likely voters conducted Feb. 25 and 26 .
• Gloomy predictions , ballyhoo , cheeky press releases to jharper@washingtontimes.com .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
SHANGHAI —A Chinese court handed down a 10 - year prison sentence to the principal defendant in the closely watched Rio Tinto PLC trial here , a dramatic and closely watched case that abruptly swung from politically charged accusations of espionage to admissions of bribery over iron - ore contracts .
The Anglo - Australian mining company — which had once defended its four accused employees — swiftly fired them Monday , saying there was " clear evidence " they took bribes .
The company described the actions of the convicted employees as " deplorable " ...
( Update : further discussion here and here . )
Sam Harris gave a TED talk , in which he claims that science can tell us what to value , or how to be moral .
Unfortunately I completely disagree with his major point .
( Via Jerry Coyne and 3 Quarks Daily . )
He starts by admitting that most people are skeptical that science can lead us to certain values ; science can tell us what is , but not what ought to be .
There is a old saying , going back to David Hume , that you can't derive ought from is .
And Hume was right !
You can't derive ought from is .
Yet people insist on trying .
Harris uses an ancient strategy to slip morality into what starts out as description .
He says :
Values are a certain kind of fact .
They are facts about the well - being of conscious creatures ...
If we 're more concerned about our fellow primates than we are about insects , as indeed we are , it 's because we think they are exposed to a greater range of potential happiness and suffering .
The crucial thing to notice here is that this is a factual claim .
Let 's grant the factual nature of the claim that primates are exposed to a greater range of happiness and suffering than insects or rocks .
So what ?
That does n't mean we should care about their suffering or happiness ; it does n't imply anything at all about morality , how we ought to feel , or how to draw the line between right and wrong .
Morality and science operate in very different ways .
In science , our judgments are ultimately grounded in data ; when it comes to values we have no such recourse .
If I believe in the Big Bang model and you believe in the Steady State cosmology , I can point to the successful predictions of the cosmic background radiation , light element nucleosynthesis , evolution of large - scale structure , and so on .
Eventually you would either agree or be relegated to crackpot status .
But what if I believe that the highest moral good is to be found in the autonomy of the individual , while you believe that the highest good is to maximize the utility of some societal group ?
What are the data we can point to in order to adjudicate this disagreement ?
We might use empirical means to measure whether one preference or the other leads to systems that give people more successful lives on some particular scale -- but that 's presuming the answer , not deriving it .
Who decides what is a successful life ?
It 's ultimately a personal choice , not an objective truth to be found simply by looking closely at the world .
How are we to balance individual rights against the collective good ?
You can do all the experiments you like and never find an answer to that question .
Harris is doing exactly what Hume warned against , in a move that is at least as old as Plato : he 's noticing that most people are , as a matter of empirical fact , more concerned about the fate of primates than the fate of insects , and taking that as evidence that we ought to be more concerned about them ; that it is morally correct to have those feelings .
But that 's a non sequitur .
After all , not everyone is all that concerned about the happiness and suffering of primates , or even of other human beings ; some people take pleasure in torturing them .
And even if they did n't , again , so what ?
We are simply stating facts about how human beings feel , from which we have no warrant whatsoever to conclude things about how they should feel .
Attempts to derive ought from is are like attempts to reach an odd number by adding together even numbers .
If someone claims that they 've done it , you do n't have to check their math ; you know that they 've made a mistake .
Or , to choose a different mathematical analogy , any particular judgment about right and wrong is like Euclid 's parallel postulate in geometry ; there is not a unique choice that is compatible with the other axioms , and different choices could in principle give different interesting moral philosophies .
A big part of the temptation to insist that moral judgments are objectively true is that we would like to have justification for arguing against what we see as moral outrages when they occur .
But there 's no reason why we can't be judgmental and firm in our personal convictions , even if we are honest that those convictions do n't have the same status as objective laws of nature .
In the real world , when we disagree with someone else 's moral judgments , we try to persuade them to see things our way ; if that fails , we may ( as a society ) resort to more dramatic measures like throwing them in jail .
But our ability to persuade others that they are being immoral is completely unaffected -- and indeed , may even be hindered -- by pretending that our version of morality is objectively true .
In the end , we will always be appealing to their own moral senses , which may or may not coincide with ours .
The unfortunate part of this is that Harris says a lot of true and interesting things , and threatens to undermine the power of his argument by insisting on the objectivity of moral judgments .
There are not objective moral truths ( where " objective " means " existing independently of human invention " ) , but there are real human beings with complex sets of preferences .
What we call " morality " is an outgrowth of the interplay of those preferences with the world around us , and in particular with other human beings .
The project of moral philosophy is to make sense of our preferences , to try to make them logically consistent , to reconcile them with the preferences of others and the realities of our environments , and to discover how to fulfill them most efficiently .
Science can be extremely helpful , even crucial , in that task .
We live in a universe governed by natural laws , and it makes all the sense in the world to think that a clear understanding of those laws will be useful in helping us live our lives -- for example , when it comes to abortion or gay marriage .
When Harris talks about how people can reach different states of happiness , or how societies can become more successful , the relevance of science to these goals is absolutely real and worth stressing .
Which is why it 's a shame to get the whole thing off on the wrong foot by insisting that values are simply a particular version of empirical facts .
When people share values , facts can be very helpful to them in advancing their goals .
But when they do n't share values , there 's no way to show that one of the parties is " objectively wrong . "
And when you start thinking that there is , a whole set of dangerous mistakes begins to threaten .
It 's okay to admit that values can't be derived from facts -- science is great , but it 's not the only thing in the world .
As a pallid and nervous young journalist , I got to know about suicide .
It was part of my regular tasks to sit in at the coroner 's court , where I learned the manifold ways the disturbed human brain can devise to die .
Coroners never used the word " insanity " .
They preferred the more compassionate verdict that the subject had " taken his life while the balance of his mind was disturbed " .
There was ambivalence to the phrase , a suggestion of the winds of fate and overwhelming circumstance .
In fact , by now , I have reached the conclusion that a person may make a decision to die because the balance of their mind is level , realistic , pragmatic , stoic and sharp .
And that is why I dislike the term " assisted suicide " applied to the carefully thought - out and weighed - up process of having one 's life ended by gentle medical means .
The people who thus far have made the harrowing trip to Dignitas in Switzerland to die seemed to me to be very firm and methodical of purpose , with a clear prima - face case for wanting their death to be on their own terms .
In short , their mind may well be in better balance than the world around them .
I got involved in the debate surrounding " assisted death " by accident , after taking a long and informed look at my future as someone with Alzheimer's .
As a result of my " coming out " about the disease , I now have contacts in medical research industries all over the world , and I have no reason to believe that a " cure " is imminent .
And so I have vowed that rather than let Alzheimer 's take me , I would take it .
I would live my life as ever to the full and die , before the disease mounted its last attack , in my own home , in a chair on the lawn , with a brandy in my hand to wash down whatever modern version of the Brompton Cocktail some helpful medic could supply .
And with Thomas Tallis on my iPod , I would shake hands with Death .
This seems to me quite a reasonable and sensible decision for someone with a serious , incurable and debilitating disease to elect for a medically assisted death by appointment .
The Care not Killing Alliance assures us that no one need consider a voluntary death of any sort since care is always available .
This is questionable .
Medicine is keeping more and more people alive , all requiring more and more care .
Alzheimer 's and other dementias place a huge care burden on the country .
A burden that falls initially on the next of kin who may even be elderly and , indeed , be in need of some sort of care themselves .
A major objection frequently flourished by opponents of " assisted dying " is that elderly people might be illegally persuaded into " asking " for assisted death .
Could be , but the Journal of Medical Ethics reported in 2007 that there was no evidence of the abuse of vulnerable patients in Oregon where assisted dying is currently legal .
I do n't see why things should be any different here .
Last year , the government finally published guidelines on dealing with assisted death .
They did not appear to satisfy anybody .
It seems that those wishing to assist a friend or relative to die would have to meet a large number of criteria in order to escape the chance of prosecution for murder .
As laid out , the best anyone can do is keep within the rules and hope for the best .
That 's why I and others have suggested some kind of strictly non-aggressive tribunal that would establish the facts of the case well before the assisted death takes place .
The members of the tribunal would be acting for the good of society , as well as that of applicants , to ensure they are of sound and informed mind , firm in their purpose , suffering from a life - threatening and incurable disease and not under the influence of a third party .
I would suggest there should be a lawyer , one with expertise in dynastic family affairs who has become good at recognising whether there is outside pressure .
And a medical practitioner experienced in dealing with the complexities of serious long - term illnesses .
I would also suggest that all those on the tribunal are over 45 , by which time they may have acquired the gift of wisdom , because wisdom and compassion should in this tribunal stand side - by - side with the law .
The tribunal would also have to be a check on those seeking death for reasons that reasonable people may consider trivial or transient distress .
If we are to live in a world where a socially acceptable " early death " can be allowed , it must be allowed as a result of careful consideration .
I would like to die peacefully before the disease takes me over .
I hope that will not be for some time , because if I knew that I could die at any time I wanted , then suddenly every day would be as precious as a million pounds .
If I knew that I could die , I would live .
My life , my death , my choice .
• This is an edited excerpt from Terry Pratchett 's Richard Dimbleby lecture for 2010 , delivered on Monday 1 February 2010 .
Read an extended version of the lecture in G2
The 10 Americans accused by Haiti of trying to sneak 33 children out of the earthquake - ravaged country were charged with child kidnapping and criminal association Thursday and returned to jail to await trial .
The Baptist missionaries from Idaho appeared before a judge who determined that there was sufficient evidence to proceed with criminal charges , said Edwin F. Coq Jr. , one of their attorneys .
Coq described a somber scene inside the closed courtroom , adding that before the questioning began the group members bowed their heads and prayed together .
After the hearing , which ran more than two hours , policemen escorted the Americans , some of whom hid their faces beneath jackets , into a police vehicle .
Laura Silsby , 40 , the organizer of the trip , sat silently , refusing to respond to questions shouted by reporters through the windows .
Earlier , Silsby told reporters , “ God wanted us to come here to help children ; we are convinced of that . ”
Many in the group attend Central Valley Baptist Church in Meridian , Idaho .
The church strongly disputed the group ’s portrayal by some in Haiti as would - be human traffickers looking to take advantage of the chaos that followed the earthquake .
The case has been prime fodder for Haitians and the hordes of international news media groups that descended on the impoverished Caribbean nation following the magnitude 7.0 earthquake Jan. 12 that is estimated to have killed more than 150,000 people .
Authorities on Jan. 29 stopped a bus carrying the 10 Americans and the children at the border between Haiti and the Dominican Republic .
At the time , group members said the children were orphans and that the group ’s intent was to provide them with shelter and care .
They could not provide any official documents proving legal custody of the children , many of whom later were found not to be orphans .
The children , ranging in age from 2 to 12 , this week were being cared for at a child - care center in Port - au - Prince .
Parents of some of the children from the badly damaged village of Callebas told the Associated Press that they willingly handed over their children to the Americans because they felt they were unable to care for them .
Coq said Haitian law allows prosecutors up to three months to prepare a case for trial .
He reiterated earlier statements that only Silsby knew of the plan to take children out of the country and that the other nine should have been set free .
He expressed confidence that Silsby and the others would eventually be cleared of the charges .
Each kidnapping count carries a possible sentence of five to 15 years in prison and each count of criminal association carries a sentence of three to nine years , according to news reports .
Coq also tamped down persistent speculation that the group would be transferred to the U.S. to face charges there , saying , “ Right now , they are being fully tried in Haiti .
It is up to the Haitian authorities to judge them . ”
joel.rubin@latimes.com
6.6 M views
「 ゼロへのイノベーション 」 ビル=ゲイツ、エネルギーについて語る。
Bill Gates • TED2010 • February 2010
TED2010において、ビル=ゲイツがエネルギーの将来についてのビジョンを明らかにしました。地球的規模の終末を避けるためには「奇跡」が必要であるとし、従来とは全く異なるタイプの原子炉をなぜサポートしている理由を説明します。必須の目標は？2050年には地球全体での炭酸ガス排出量をゼロにすることです。
Windows Phone 7
Series might have been the big news out of Mobile World Congress this year , but it looks like Windows Mobile 6.5 will live on as the basis of Windows Phone Starter Edition .
We 'd already heard some whispers to that effect , but now it 's been confirmed by ZDNet 's Mary Jo Foley , who got some answers about the stripped - down mobile OS directly from Redmond .
It 's obviously designed to be a cheaper alternative for developing and emerging markets , much like Windows 7 Starter on the desktop , and it'll come in versions with and without Office Mobile preloaded when it ships on devices later this year .
( Office 2010 will be included when it 's officially released . )
Here 's the odd thing , though : when asked which features of 6.5 have been stripped to create Starter , MS replied with a list of radio support that conspicuously omits HSDPA 3G , but includes EV - DO .
Simple typo , or an attempt to force international adoption of WinPho 7 in developed countries with 3G networks ?
We 'll do some digging and find out .
P.S. - Just to be clear here , it appears that the family will be Windows Phone 7 Series , and then potentially two WinMo 6.5 products : Windows Phone Classic and Windows Phone Starter Edition .
Only Starter has actually been confirmed at this time , though , and we still do n't know exactly how Microsoft is going to organize all of this and sell it .
We 'll keep you updated .
Pick of The Week
Extensions into the Upper Solar Atmosphere ( January 29 , 2010 )
Hi-res TIF image ( 3.6 M )
With two active regions ( brighter areas ) in profile almost diametrically apart , SOHO got a good view of the extensive areas above the Sun influenced by the powerful magnetic fields associated with the two regions .
This wavelength of extreme ultraviolet light " sees " ionized iron heated to 2 million degrees in the upper solar atmosphere .
The hotter the temperature , the higher you look in the solar atmosphere .
Although the image is rather diffuse , we can more clearly see in other wavelengths that material is tracing arcs of magnetic field lines looping above the active regions .
Just a few months ago , the large - scale solar magnetic field was like that from a bar magnet , and flattened along the Sun 's equator .
Now , it 's not much more complicated in shape , but it 's tilted , as seen by the position of these two regions --- a clear giveaway that the rise to solar maximum has begun .
SOHO began its Weekly Pick some time after sending a weekly image or video clip to the American Museum of Natural History ( Rose Center ) in New York City .
There , the SOHO Weekly Pick is displayed with some annotations on a large plasma display .
Erin Andrews : ' Meltdown ' After Stalker Sentenced Lawyers purchased copyright to nude videos to cut down on Internet use .
March 16 , 2009  --
With her stalker headed to prison , ESPN reporter Erin Andrews admitted to caving in to her emotions after she left the sentencing hearing .
" I had a pretty big comedown , a meltdown last night , I think , after I got back from the courtroom , " Andrews told " Good Morning America " today .
" It 's just been a lot . "
Her nine - month fight to see Michael Barrett put behind bars ended Monday when the former insurance executive was sentenced to 30 months in prison .
" It 's not over , " Andrews said .
" It 's not going to be over , but this is the first step . "
Andrews ' lawyers confirmed today they have bought the copyright to the nude videos Barrett made over the course of several weeks filming her through hotel peepholes across the country , in hopes of lessening their availability on the Internet .
" Unfortunately , they will continue to be there forever , but hopefully in diminished numbers , " attorney Marshall Grossman said .
Before Barrett , 49 , was sentenced the told the court : " I hope she can forgive me . "
Andrews said there 's little chance of that -- and she 's not buying his remorse .
" I think he feels bad he was caught , " she said today .
" We should n't confuse him standing up there and saying he 's sorry to the public humility and shame , " Andrews ' attorney Dan Alberstone said .
" That 's going to be his prison sentence , not just being behind bars , but the public humiliation and shame . "
Andrews said that , in hopes of reaching both Barrett and the judge , she appealed to Barrett 's professed love for his children , pointing out that she , too , is someone 's child .
" I wanted him to know I 'm a daughter to two parents and they are just mortified and they are so upset , " she said .
" I wanted him to know as a daughter what he did to me . "
Andrews said she has gotten a number of letters from stalking victims , encouraging her .
But she still has to explain to some she did nothing wrong .
" I think what is the hardest thing is I still have to say that to people , " she said .
Barrett was ordered to surrender to authorities May 3 .
In addition to the prison time , he was sentenced to pay Andrews $ 7,366 in restitution .
Andrews is now turning her attention back to preparing for her stint on ABC's " Dancing With the Stars . "
" I wanted to have a change of pace , make myself smile , do something different , " she said .
" It was time for that . "
Erin Andrews : ' I 'm At the Angry Stage '
Andrews said outside the courtroom after the sentencing that she believed the deal prosecutors offered was far too lenient and called on Congress to stiffen anti-stalking and video voyeurism laws .
" I'm at the angry stage right now , " Andrews said .
" I 'm mad .
Thirty months is n't enough .
I think it 's time for Congress , lawmakers to make a stiffer sentence for what it is .
A lot of celebrities who have been stalked want to put it away .
I can't .
I 'm in the angry stage . "
In a sentencing memo filed last month , Andrews had said she wanted Barrett to pay about $ 335,000 in restitution .
Andrews ' lawyer said at the time she would not pursue a civil trial .
Ten videos of Andrews , 32 , a sidelines reporter who joined in ESPN in 2004 , hit the Internet in July 2009 , setting off millions of online searches and prompting Andrews to take a hiatus from reporting .
The video prompted debates about whether news channels should air the footage and if Andrews , a statuesque blonde with rabid supporters , had encouraged her peeping tom by cultivating a " frat house " fan base .
" She does n't deserve what happened to her , but part of the shtick , seems to me , is being a little bit out there in a way that then are you encouraging the complete nutcase to drill a hole in a room , " USA Today sports columnist Christine Brennan said in July .
Brennan later tweeted that " women sports journalists need to be smart and not play to the frat house . "
By September , Andrews had gone underground , hiding out in her mother 's Atlanta home , where she called 911 one day when she found paparazzi trying to photograph her through the windows .
In October 2009 , a months - long investigation came to a close when Barrett was arrested at O'Hare airport in Chicago .
He was extradited to Los Angeles and charged with " the intent to harass , to place under surveillance with intent to harass and intimidate , and to cause substantial emotional distress to a person in another state , " according to the criminal complaint .
Prosecutors say Barrett posted online videos of 16 other women , who are as - yet unidentified .
Barrett , an Illinois insurance executive , does not have a history of sexual offenses or serious crimes , other than charges of driving under the influence in 1988 and some speeding tickets .
ABC , ABC News , and ESPN are all owned by the Walt Disney Company .
Click here to return to the " Good Morning America " Web site .
Just as cooking helps people digest food , pretreating polycarbonate plastic -- source of a huge environmental headache because of its bisphenol A ( BPA ) content -- may be the key to disposing of the waste in an eco-friendly way , scientists have found .
Their new study is in ACS ' Biomacromolecules .
Mukesh Doble and Trishul Artham note that manufacturers produce about 2.7 million tons of plastic containing BPA each year .
Polycarbonate is an extremely recalcitrant plastic , used in everything from screwdriver handles to eyeglass lenses , DVDs , and CDs .
Some studies have suggested that the BPA may have a range of adverse health effects , sparking the search for an environmentally safe way of disposing of waste plastic to avoid release of BPA .
The scientists pretreated polycarbonate with ultraviolet light and heat and exposed it to three kinds of fungi -- including the fabled white - rot fungus , used commercially for environmental remediation of the toughest pollutants .
The scientists found that fungi grew better on pretreated plastic , using its BPA and other ingredients as a source of energy and breaking down the plastic .
After 12 months , there was almost no decomposition of the untreated plastic , compared to substantial decomposition of the pretreated plastic , with no release of BPA .
Common wisdom about Japan says it ’s a tiny island with a serious premium on space , leading to real estate prices in the cities higher even than the most exclusive blocks of Manhattan .
The thought that there might be whole abandoned towns on this island seems a paradox - how could a country with so little space abandon anything ?
Well , they do .
Most ghost towns in Japan are built around mines , like abandoned gold rush towns in the American West .
When the mine seams gave out the jobs went away and the people left .
Soon , the place was abandoned .
Here are 5 of Japan ’s best .
Ashiodozan Mining
Town in the mountains of Tochigi Prefecture is infamous in Japanese history as a site of extreme environmental damage - so much so the town was mostly abandoned 40 years ago , the mines and factory shut down , and new standards in environmental care called for at the highest national levels .
Ruined apartments .
Degawa Power station .
It had been a copper mining and processing town for over 400 years , at its peak supplying over a third of Japan ’s entire copper supply , in the process though poisoning the nearby mountains with sulfurous acid gas from the plant ’s smelters .
Now it ’s a creaking conglomeration of fading facilities - a power station , the factory , numerous barricaded mines , a train station , a temple , a school , and a small town of tumble - down wooden apartments , haunted only by a few aged holdovers with nowhere else to go .
Abandoned shrine to the gods of copper .
Smelter .
More about Ashiodozan Ghost Town here .
Mining of gold and copper at the legendary Osarizawa mine began around 1300 years ago , with the last of the smelting facilities closing down in 1978 .
Now the site is owned by Mitsubishi , who run guided tours around the highlights and a museum for 1,000 yen .
Copper leaching vats turned blue with residual chemicals .
One legend of Osarizawa mine involves a gorgon - headed lion with the wings of a phoenix , the legs of a cow and the head of a snake .
Its roar and monstrous appetite for children terrified the nearby villagers , who urged the village ’s wisest old man to go battle it on the mountain top .
The old man had long grey hair , and went to battle the beast in a series of 6 dreams .
In the final one he managed to slit open the beast ’s belly , from which poured gold , copper and lead .
Mayan temple much ?
A tree branch poisons in the vat .
More about Osarizawa Ghost Town here .
Matsuo mine in the north of Japan opened in 1914 and closed in 1969 .
In its heyday it was the biggest mine for sulfur in the Eastern world .
It had a workforce of 4,000 and a wider population of 15,000 , all of whom were accommodated in a make - shift city in the mountains of Hachimantai park .
The city was known as the “ paradise above the clouds ” for its comparatively luxurious apartment blocks and near - constant ebb and flow of mist .
That same mist nearly prevented us from finding the place at all .
Apartment buildings emerge from the thick mist .
The complex of 11 apartment buildings was built over a few years from 1951 .
Each block stood four stories tall in reinforced concrete .
The first floor was designed for young childless couples , with one 6 - mat room and kitchen per flat , while upper floors were for couples with children , with one 8 - mat room , one 6 - mat room , and a kitchen .
Compared to Japanese standards of the time they were very well - appointed apartments , with a central heating system , a flush lavatory and a garbage chute .
Utterly eerie .
Ghosts at the windows ?
A regular apartment interior .
More about Matsuo Ghost Town here
The ghost Nichitsu Mining Town sits cramped into a narrow valley at the head of a long and buckled road in the mountainous western edge of Saitama .
It was once a thriving company town with hundreds of families , the women staying at home in their rickety timber apartments , the children at the large wooden high school , and the men down in the mines digging for tin .
View from the rooftop walkways .
But that was over 20 years ago - since then the town has been relentlessly pounded by avalanches and ravaged by decay .
All around the buildings stand with their roofs and walls caved in , reeds shot through floorboards and decking , swingsets and see - saws over - awed by brambles and flurries of fallen leaves .
Old firetruck .
Repairs do n’t last for long against the bitter weather .
Bridge to the Doctor`s office .
Recuperation room .
Brain in a jar in the storeroom .
More about Nichitsu Ghost Town here .
The derelict Taro mine lies at a generational crossing point - once a place where raw sulfides were dug from the earth , now it functions as a cosmic ray laboratory for a nearby University , capturing electrons from outer space in several large heavily wired pools .
The town it once supported had a population of over 5,000 , and the town had it ’s own community centre as well numerous other facilities .
The big machine hall .
Second tier of the factory .
An overgrown side - hall .
Community centre .
More about Taro Ghost Town here .
See more ruins explorations here -
[ album id=4 template=compact ]
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
03/19/2010
Hey TVC :
At depths as low as yours , ' snorkeling ' is not recommended
by Jeremy Hooper
The far - right has got to stop saying " gay " when the person is in fact straight - identified !
This from the Traditional Values Coalition :
At [ yesteday's ]
Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on overturning the misnamed “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ” policy in the military , Senators should look no further than the scandal involving former Congressman Eric Massa .
His shameful behavior as a sexual predator in the Navy clearly shows why lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ( LGBT ) individuals should not be permitted to openly serve in the Armed Forces .
The ex-Congressman from New York is now the new poster child for upholding the 1993 law banning gays and lesbians from serving in the military .
His former Navy colleagues are coming out of hiding to expose his decades - long habit of trying to seduce his subordinates – known as “ snorkeling ” in the Navy .
As the public learns more about Massa ’s aggressive homosexual advances toward his subordinates , his former Navy colleagues are going public with lurid tales of his gay exploits aboard Naval vessels .
Here is a clear case of a gay sexual predator assaulting his subordinates in the Navy and getting away with it .
Massa ’s shipmates were afraid of turning him in for fear of retaliation .
If the Congress overturns the 1993 law banning gays and lesbians from openly serving in the military , lechers like Massa will have free reign to aggressively stalk and conquer young subordinates .
Does Congress really want to legalize the predatory behaviors of such men ?
Overturning the 1993 law will give gays and lesbians license to go after young soldiers , sailors and Marines .
Men like Massa will then multiply in the Armed Forces – undermining unit cohesion and military readiness .
Disgraced Former Representative Eric Massa Poster Child For Keeping Ban On Gays In Military [ TVC ]
Okay , so obviously the whole thing is kooky and the denunciations are beyond the pale .
It 's the Traditional Values Coalition : Who would expect anything else ?
But regardless of general nuttiness , this does present a good time to talk about the differences between a hetero - idenitified man who is closeted or curious or whatever , and an actually gay - identified person !
Someone like Eric Massa , who is married to a female and who has a family , is undeniably in a different place in his life than is an out gay man .
The only kind of " conduct " he can have in terms of same - sex intimacy is that which happens on the sly .
That may manifest itself in a number of ways , but none of them are likely to be forthright .
Now , this is not to suggest that being in the closet = being shady .
Hopefully that goes without saying .
But we do mean to suggest that there 's a big difference between an LGB person who lives an open , benign , non-controversial , not - hidden , unashamed life or who is closeted only because of unfortunate situational realities , and someone who lives and identifies and marries as a heterosexual man but has been accused of making same - sex advancements .
And with DADT that 's what we 're talking about :
The desire to remove the stigma placed on LGB people by the American armed forces , which demands that LGB existence be either hidden or highly secretive .
In fact , one could easily make the case that it's this unfortunate cultural climate , both in the military and at - large , that creates the kind of situations that TVC kookily describes and opportunistically decries !
Actual LGB soldiers gave heartfelt testimonies at yesterday 's Armed Services Committee hearing .
LGB soldiers chained themselves to the White House fence .
Every day , LGB soldiers serve our country valiantly .
Eric Massa was never an LGB soldier and is not currently an openly gay man , by his own chosen words .
That distinction should matter to everyone -- even groups extreme enough to make the Southern Poverty Law Center 's hate groups list !
Your thoughts
I love how they ignore the fact that the Code of Conduct ( I think that 's what it 's called ) will STILL prohibit sexual harrassment after DADT is gone .
They imply that repealing DADT will make the military one big orgy , with no restrictions on what can ( or in their world " will " ) happen .
How I long for the days when " Christians " actually told the truth !!!
Posted by : Ken | Mar 19 , 2010 12:26:16 PM
I always find it interesting when anti-gays make the argument that gays should n't be able to serve in the military because of the possibility of sexual harassment .
A couple of weeks ago , Time magazine ran a short article about how women in the military are more likely to " get raped " by a fellow ( male ) soldier than they are to " be killed " by enemy fire .
Yet , you do n't hear TVC calling for a ban on men in the military .
In all likelihood , they 'd use these statistics as a reason why women should be banned from the military .
Posted by : fannie | Mar 19 , 2010 1:44:57 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
New research has found that atrazine , a chemical used in pesticides , causes infertility and sex changes in frogs .
A group of Midwestern communities and water districts has filed a federal lawsuit against Swiss corporation Syngenta AG and its American subsidiary , to force the company to pay for removing the chemical atrazine from public water supplies , the Iowa Independent reports .
Atrazine is a weedkiller widely used by farmers in the U.S. , but was banned by the European Union in 2004 .
The lawsuit , filed in a U.S. District Court , claims that Syngenta knew that atrazine would contaminate public water supplies , but left local communities with the clean - up costs .
Stephen Tillery , the lawyer for the 16 cities named in the lawsuit , told the Huffington Post that the cities have spent nearly $ 350 million to filter the chemical .
Syngenta ’s lawyer argued that the company has worked with communities to ensure that atrazine levels are kept below Environmental Protection Agency limits .
“ As a hallmark of good stewardship , my client worked voluntarily with stakeholders for years and since then also with EPA to monitor the water systems where minute detections of atrazine may occasionally occur , ” said Syngenta attorney Kurtis B. Reeg in a press release .
“ Since 2005 , no water system has had an annual average atrazine level in its drinking water greater than the EPA standard , which itself carries a 1000 - fold safety factor . ”
However , a Natural Resources Defense Council study found atrazine levels in two Iowa watersheds greater than three times the EPA limit of 3.0 parts per billion , the Iowa Independent reports .
Reeg called the lawsuit frivolous and argued that it would only hurt U.S. farmers .
“ This suit is no surprise , as the same plaintiffs ’ attorneys who have been trying a wasteful case in Madison County , Ill. , have been shopping this around for years , ” said Reeg .
“ Just last month , plaintiffs in Illinois voluntarily dismissed numerous damage and liability claims they had made in their case .
With that disarray , it appears attorneys are scrambling to another venue in which to waste scarce taxpayer resources with junk science and false allegations for personal gain at the expense of U.S. agriculture . ”
Syngenta estimates that atrazine is used on half of the corn acres , two - thirds of sorghum acres and up to 90 percent of sugar cane acres in the U.S .
The lawsuit comes at a time when the safety of atrazine is being called into question .
A study from researchers at the University of California - Berkeley found that exposure to atrazine levels lower than the EPA limit caused hormonal imbalances in male frogs that chemically castrated them or changed their sex to female , according to Science Daily .
Three - fourths of the 40 test frogs were rendered infertile and 10 percent changed sex .
Syngenta disputes the results of the study , arguing that the researchers used inadequate control methods , but other studies provide increasing evidence that atrazine may play a role in disrupting endocrine systems in mammals as well as amphibians and fish .
“ What people have to realize is that , just as with taking pharmaceuticals , they have to decide whether the benefits outweigh the costs , ” said lead author and professor of integrative biology Tyrone Hayes , Science Daily reports .
“ Not every frog or every human will be affected by atrazine , but do you want to take a chance , what with all the other things that we know atrazine does , not just to humans but to rodents and frogs and fish ? ”
The EPA announced in October it would study the effects of atrazine .
The agency ’s most recent approval for the 50 - year - old chemical was in 2006 .
Source : Iowa Independent , Huffington Post , Science Daily
Is the Tea Party movement the beginning of " white minority politics " in the United States ?
For the first time today , senior Republican Party officials will meet leaders of the anti-establishment Tea Party movement , which has galvanised opposition to President Barack Obama and recently held a convention addressed by the 2008 Republican vice - presidential candidate , Sarah Palin .
But former Republican political advisor John Avlon is warning that mainstream politicians need to confront , not court , political extremists and says it would be naive to assume that there is no racial element to this .
Mr Avlon is a former speechwriter for the Republican presidential hopeful , Rudolph Giuliani .
He has just written a book called Wingnuts : How the Lunatic Fringe is Hijacking America .
He told The World Today that while the Tea Party movement is not made up entirely of political extremists , the Republican Party needs to be careful that it is not getting itself into " a Faustian bargain " .
" Extremes are always their own side 's worst enemy , " he said .
" The Republican Party is playing a bit of a dangerous game , it seems to me , because they are trying to benefit from all this hyper - partisan anger against the administration .
" But I do n't think they fully appreciate perhaps the forces that are being unleashed . "
' Hope turned to hate '
Mr Avlon warns that politics in the US is in danger of being hijacked by extremists on both sides .
He says that while a lunatic fringe has always existed in US politics , 2009 will prove to be the year that " hope turned to hate " in the country .
" The difference is that now I think the wingnuts , as I call them , are more powerful for I think three different reasons .
First of all , the two parties are more polarised than ever before and that has pushed power from the centre to the margins , " he said .
" Second , we have seen the rise of partisan media in the United States .
Not just newspapers and magazines , but major television news shows which are run by opinion anchors whose supporters believe that they are truth tellers , and that everyone is a kind of lackey for mainstream media .
" The third factor is the internet and the internet has become , in many cases , an incubator for extremism .
" Those three dynamics have made the wingnuts , or the lunatic fringe , more powerful than I believe ever before in American politics . "
Mr Avlon says Democrats in the Congress are partly to blame because they " misread Barack Obama 's election as an ideological mandate and tried to move the legislative agenda far further to the left than the American people are comfortable with . "
The chasm between left and right was further widened by Republican tactics , which Mr Avlon says sought to delegitimise the President from day one .
White minority politics
But it is not just ideology that divides the two parties .
Mr Avlon warns there is a racial element to this backlash , something he calls " the birth of white minority politics " .
" Race has always been a fault line in American politics but what I believe is at work here is something more subtle than simple racism , and it is what I call the birth of white minority politics , " he said .
" I think there is an anxiety underneath this that President Obama represents the rise of a multicultural elite and the rise of a non-white majority in America .
" If you talk to many of these protestors in the field , one of the dates that keeps coming up is 2050 , which is the date the US census estimates that there will be a non-white majority in the United States . "
Clearly the bitterness of recent political debate is driving some traditional political players to retreat from politics .
Yesterday , the Democrat Party was shocked by the resignation of the moderate Democrat from Indiana , Evan Bayh , who said he was sick of the partisanship in Washington .
Mr Avlon says Americans need to be jolted out of their complacency about their democracy .
He warns that if they do not confront the extremism now , it could lead to political violence .
" What happens is you have a lot of people using hate as a cheap and easy recruiting tool , " he said .
" You have got political figures who are saying that everyone in Washington disrespects the constitution daily , and what is troubling is that some of these people know that they are exaggerating .
" They understand that they are stirring the crazy pot in order for their own ends , their own political or personal gain .
" So it is important , it seems to me , to straighten our civic backbones and call it out , to take on the extremes on both sides .
" We have seen in the United States political violence , and we are always one bad day away from being 1968 .
" We have been mercifully free of political violence for a long , long time .
" I would like to keep it that way . "
Medical Marijuana : gateway drug , sly cover for criminal enterprise , or a cost effective , homeopathic approach to ease the pain and suffering of sick and dying patients ?
The debate continues .
In the United States , marijuana is classified under the federal Controlled Substance Act of 1970 as a Schedule I controlled substance ( 21 U.S.C. §§ 801-904 , hereafter “ CSA ” ) which prohibits possessing or using marijuana for any purpose .
It is so classified because Congress determined that marijuana provides no currently accepted medical benefits .
Therefore , marijuana may not be prescribed by a physician , unlike methadone , for example .
A Personal Story
Jed Riffe , a Berkeley - based filmmaker , took an in - depth , objective look at the debate over the legalization of medical marijuana in his award - winning documentary film , Waiting to Inhale .
Says Riffe , “ I served on the Board of Directors for a Bay - Area AIDS Foundation but it was later closed .
Watching people die in so much needless pain became too much . ”
Riffe continues ,
“ So this documentary project grew from that experience – seeing the benefits that marijuana provides those suffering debilitating or terminal illnesses . ”
In Waiting to Inhale , leading experts and researchers debate the medical benefits of marijuana .
Drug Enforcement Agency ( “ DEA ” ) representatives also contribute to the discussion concerning the dangers ( increased criminal activity and drug dependence ) surrounding this contentious issue .
What is gripping , however , are the film ’s anecdotal firsthand stories from those suffering incapacitating health problems .
In one interview , Irvin Rosenfeld , a Florida - based stock broker , began using marijuana recreationally but discovered it served as an effective “ muscle relaxing anti-inflammatory ” for his illness – multiple congenital cartilaginous exostosis .
Rosenfeld plainly explains , “ Without it I would n’t be alive . ”
Valerie Corral , another interviewee who suffers epileptic seizures resulting from a severe auto accident , says , “ Living under pharmaceuticals was like living under water , but marijuana allows me to completely control my seizure activities without any pharmaceuticals . ”
Corral is a medical marijuana patient and she and her husband , Mike Corral , operate Wo / Men ’s Alliance for Medical Marijuana ( “ WAMM ” ) , a marijuana - collective in Santa Cruz .
WAMM , is one of many controversial California - based collectives that grows and distributes marijuana for medical use .
The film documents a DEA raid and destruction of WAMM ’s medical marijuana crop and the Corrals ’ subsequent arrest on federal drug charges .
Distribution in California
The use of “ collectives ” or “ cooperatives ” in California is a very controversial aspect of the medical marijuana debate .
California is one of 13 states ( and the first of those 13 states ) to provide an exemption from prosecution to qualified patients for possession and use of medical marijuana .
However , the operation of collectives and cooperatives in California to cultivate and dispense marijuana to patients is unique among the states .
State of California regulations , described in further detail below , require that collectives and cooperatives only charge enough to cover overhead expenses ; profits are not allowed .
Unfortunately , some collectives or cooperatives are unaware of this requirement and others flatly ignore this requirement resulting in federal law enforcement pressure across the board .
The temptation to profit is real : Jon Gettman , Ph.D , a drug - policy researcher , reported in Marijuana Production in the United States that in 2006 an estimated 21 million marijuana plants were grown in California with a street value of up to $ 14 billion .
Now that ’s a lot of gardening .
Needless to say , law enforcement is concerned with criminals and drug cartels creatively piggybacking this state law exemption for illegal marijuana distribution as well as legitimate collectives and cooperatives turning a profit .
Procedural History
So how did we get here ?
Grab a cup of coffee because here we go .
The state law vs. federal law debate in California over medical marijuana goes back more than a decade .
The CSA is federal U.S. drug policy under which the manufacture , importation , possession , use and distribution of certain substances are regulated .
Under the CSA , five classifications or “ schedules ” are set up in which these regulated substances fall into for classification .
Schedule I contains substances determined to provide no accepted medical use in treatment , unlike Schedules II – V .
Marijuana , like heroin , is categorized under the CSA as a Schedule I controlled substance because it has been determined that marijuana ( 1 ) has a high potential for abuse , ( 2 ) provides no currently accepted medical use in treatment , and ( 3 ) lacks acceptable safety standards for use under medical supervision .
( 21 U.S.C. § 812 ( b ) ( 1 ) . )
As a Schedule I drug , there is no exception under the CSA which would allow a physician to prescribe marijuana to a patient .
( 21 U.S.C. § 812 ( c ) . )
In response to federal drug policy concerning marijuana , California voters passed Proposition 215 in 1996 , known as the Compassionate Use Act ( “ CUA ” ) .
( Health & Saf. Code § 11362.5 . )
California ’s CUA does not “ legalize ” marijuana .
The CUA does provide an exemption from California state law sanctions for the possession and use of marijuana to treat illnesses including cancer , anorexia , AIDS , chronic pain , glaucoma or any other illness for which marijuana provides relief .
Key provisions from the CUA follow :
• Medical marijuana must be recommended by a physician ;
• Patients and their primary caregivers who obtain and use marijuana for medical purposes are not subject to state criminal sanctions ;
• Federal and state governments are encouraged to implement a plan to provide for the safe and affordable distribution of marijuana to patients ;
• Physicians shall not be punished for recommending marijuana to patients for medical purposes ; and
• “ Primary Caregiver ” is defined under the CUA as the individual designated by the person exempted ( patient ) who has consistently assumed responsibility for the housing , health , or safety of that person .
However , the CUA was vague in certain respects :
Most importantly , it did not create a means for identifying those eligible to transport , possess and use medical marijuana thus creating confusion for local and state law enforcement .
To address this concern , in 2003 the California Legislature passed the Medical Marijuana Program Act ( “ MMP ” ) , under SB 420 .
( Health & Saf. Code , §§ 11362.7-11362.9 . )
Through the MMP , California counties became obligated to provide identification cards to medical marijuana patients upon request verifying patients ’ exempt status under the CUA .
A key goal of the MMP was to “ facilitate the prompt identification of qualified patients and their designated primary caregivers in order to avoid unnecessary arrest and prosecution of those individuals and provide needed guidance to law enforcement officers . ”
( People v. Wright ( 2006 ) 40 Cal.4th 81 , 93 . )
In 2006 , Counties of San Diego , San Bernardino and Merced ( “ Counties ” ) filed a consolidated suit against the State of California , et al. , in Superior Court of San Diego County .
Counties argued that because the CSA ( federal law ) prohibits possessing or using marijuana for any purpose , that certain parts of the California medical marijuana statutory scheme were preempted under the Supremacy Clause of the United States Constitution .
Specifically , Counties argued , in part , that the MMP created an obstacle to the CSA intent and was thus preempted .
Counties maintained they could not issue medical marijuana authorization cards to their residents under state law when federal law prohibited marijuana for any purpose .
The trial court rejected Counties ’ claim and concluded the MMP and county - issued medical marijuana authorization cards do not pose an obstacle to the CSA .
This ruling required Counties to issue identification cards to those persons qualified for and requesting these cards under the CUA .
( Persons eligible for medical marijuana are not required to apply for and carry authorization cards but are encouraged to do so to facilitate prompt identification and avoid unnecessary arrest . )
In 2008 , County of San Diego ( “ San Diego ” ) , and County of San Bernardino ( “ San Bernardino ” ) , ( collectively “ San Diego ” ) appealed .
The Court of Appeal , Fourth Appellate District affirmed the trial court ’s decision .
( County of San Diego v. San Diego NORML ( 2008 ) 165 Cal.App.4th 798 . )
The Court of Appeal reasoned that “ [ w ] hen Congress legislates in a field which the States have traditionally occupied …we start with the assumption that the historic police powers of the States were not to be superseded by the Federal Act unless that was the clear and manifest purpose of Congress .
( Rice v. Santa Fe Elevator Corporation ( 1947 ) 331 U.S. 218 , 230 . )
Because the MMP … address[es ] fields historically occupied by the states–medical practices ( Medtronic v. Lohr ( 1996 ) 518 U.S. 470 , 485 ) and state criminal sanctions for drug possession ( City of Garden Grove v. Superior Court ( 2007 ) 157 Cal.App.4th 355 , 383-386 ) –the presumption against preemption informs our resolution of the scope to which Congress intended the CSA to supplant state laws , and cautions us to narrowly interpret the scope of Congress ’s intended invalidation of state law .
( Medtronic , supra . ) ” ( County of San Diego , supra , at p. 823 . )
The Court of Appeal also stressed that “ the purpose of the CSA is to combat recreational drug use , not to regulate a state ’s medical practices . ”
( County of San Diego , supra , at p. 826 , citing Gonzalez v. Oregon ( 2006 ) 546 U.S. 243 , 270-272 . )
In October 2008 , the California Supreme Court denied review of San Diego ’s appeal .
Undeterred , San Diego then appealed to the United States Supreme Court ( “ USSC ” ) .
In May 2009 , the USSC also denied review of San Diego ’s appeal .
At the end of this 13 - year marijuana - fueled odyssey after California voters passed the CUA , we have the following result : Every holdout California county , including San Diego and San Bernardino , must now issue medical marijuana identification cards to persons qualified for and voluntarily requesting these cards under the MMP .
Lawyers on the Battleground .
So what is the actual impact of the USSC ’s decision to deny review of San Diego ’s appeal ?
Opinions vary among California attorneys and advocacy groups familiar with the territory .
Tamar Todd , a Bay - Area staff attorney for the Drug Policy Alliance , an advocacy group for national drug policy changes , says , “ This is a significant victory for medical marijuana patients .
It reaffirms , once again , that state medical marijuana laws are legal and valid . ”
Todd continues , “ This , coupled with the Department of Justice ’s decision to respect state - level medical marijuana laws and cease interfering with their implementation , means that patients and providers can breathe easier and states are now free to move forward with passing and implementing medical marijuana programs without undue fear of federal interference . ”
However , William G. Panzer , an East - Bay attorney and a co-author of the CUA , is not impressed .
Panzer argues , “ There is no change .
The courts left California exactly where it started before this nonsensical lawsuit brought by San Diego and San Bernardino Counties . ”
Panzer continues , “ We ’re still faced with the same dilemma that medical marijuana is illegal under federal law . ”
Todd and Panzer agree that attorneys and clients are now in “ wait and see ” mode regarding federal law enforcement .
U.S. Attorney General Eric
Holder stated at a press conference on February 25 , 2009 , that ending raids on medical marijuana facilities ( such as WAMM ) is the “ new American policy . ”
Todd states , “ Hopefully the statement of the Department of Justice that the federal government will stop interfering with patients and providers in compliance with state - level medical marijuana laws is not an empty promise . ”
Todd , like Panzer , is unsure how President Obama ’s position will actually play out .
Todd cautions , “ It ’s not entirely clear what the Obama Administration ’s approach will be . ”
She continues , “ President Obama promised a practice of noninterference during his campaign and his Department of Justice has stated that this promise will be honored , but it ’s not yet clear what in practice that will mean . ”
Todd emphasizes , “ There ’s more than two - dozen pending federal cases left over from the Bush Administration arrests in which the new administration has failed to signal any strategy change .
As recently as June 2009 , one of these defendants , Mr. Charles Lynch , who was acting in full compliance with California law , was sentenced to one year in prison for federal violations . ”
In the Lynch matter , the federal government successfully argued that Lynch , who operated a medical marijuana dispensary in Morro Bay , violated state law because he was not his customers ’ “ primary caregiver ” and he provided no medical services beyond the medical sales .
Panzer , who lectures nationally on medical marijuana laws , explains , “ Collectives and cooperatives provide medical marijuana and emotional support so it ’s difficult to establish evidence of consistency as a primary caregiver for the responsibility of a patient ’s health .
This issue needs to be remedied . ”
Another difficult area for attorneys defending clients such as Lynch is the inability to mount an effective defense in federal court .
Todd illustrates , “ The current law prohibits defendants from entering evidence of compliance with state medical marijuana laws as part of their defense in federal court .
So most of these defendants , like Mr. Lynch , are left defenseless . ”
Reuven Cohen , defense counsel for Lynch , says , “ It ’s absurd .
Mr. Lynch checked at the federal level before opening a dispensary .
He was told it was a matter for state and local law enforcement and to check with those officials .
Mr. Lynch did and was still convicted on federal drug charges . ”
When asked what changes he ’d like to see with medical marijuana laws , Cohen comments with amusement and frustration , “ I ’m not an active medical marijuana advocate .
I do federal criminal defense work but this is n’t right ; it does n’t work .
Any change is welcome . ”
Cohen points out that in sentencing Lynch , Judge George H. Wu sympathetically reduced the federal mandatory five - year sentence to one - year after no loophole could be found to avoid a federal prison sentence entirely .
State Attorney General Guidelines
The definition of “ primary caregiver ” and whether a medical marijuana collective or cooperative or dispensary may qualify as a patient ’s primary caregiver under the CUA is unclear in practice .
To clarify this issue and other ambiguities for law enforcement , patients and caregivers , State Attorney General Jerry Brown issued “ Guidelines for the Security and Non-Diversion of Marijuana Grown for Medical Use ” ( “ Guidelines ” ) , in August 2008 ( see www.ag.ca.gov).
The Guidelines define and clarify that storefront “ collectives ” and “ cooperatives ” are legal providing they comply with local and state law .
Collectives and cooperatives must meet strict state requirements including the following : entity formation , organization and record keeping ; maintaining facility security measures ; patient verification ; and not operating for profit .
Dispensaries , unlike collectives and cooperatives , are not recognized and operators may be subject criminal prosecution under California law .
The Guidelines provide an example : “ Dispensaries that merely require patients to complete a form summarily designating the business owner as their primary caregiver – and then offering marijuana in exchange for ‘ cash donations ’ are likely unlawful . ”
Kris Hermes , an Oakland - based spokesman for Americans for Safe Access , a medical marijuana patient - advocacy group , explains , “ There ’s no black and white dividing line between a collective and dispensary ; it ’s a matter of facility size and professionalism . ”
Hermes continues , “ It ’s the ‘ neighborhood storefront ’ aspect that causes concern .
And the larger the size of the facility , the more patients they treat and the tighter law enforcement scrutiny they ’ll receive . ”
Hermes provides the following advice for attorneys : “ Lawyers should advise client - facilities to verify patient eligibility , create policies and procedures to ensure medical marijuana is not diverted to non-patients , charge patients only enough to cover facility overhead and to maintain solid record - keeping . ”
Comprehensive Federal Policy
On June 8 , 2009 , California Senator Mark Leno ( D – San Francisco ) , introduced Senate Joint Resolution 14 ( “ SJR 14 ” ) .
SJR 14 asks the President and Congress to clear up existing confusion between federal law and the various state laws regarding medical marijuana .
SJR 14 urges ( 1 ) an end to federal raids , intimidation and interference with state medical marijuana laws , ( 2 ) an affirmative defense ( compliance with local and state law ) to medical marijuana charges in federal court , and ( 3 ) a comprehensive federal policy that ensures safe and legal access to medical marijuana .
Americans for Safe Access is a co-sponsor of SJR 14 .
Says Hermes ,
“ It sends a clear message that the people of California want an end to the federal tactics of interference with state law and urges a sensible federal policy . ”
Both Todd and Panzer agree that SJR 14 is an important , effective and necessary resolution .
Todd emphasizes , “ The reality is that medical marijuana is illegal under federal law .
This means that patients and providers still remain at risk , and if arrested , have little defense to federal charges . ”
Todd provides one final big picture take away : “ The framers of our Constitution had it right when they designated the states to be laboratories of experiment .
The public overwhelmingly supports medical marijuana and state - level medical marijuana laws are being refined and gaining more acceptance .
Ultimately federal law needs to follow the states ’ lead and change . ”
Brian Brunkow , Esq. , is a California lawyer , screenwriter and the creative director of Mind Venue , a San Diego - based creative development firm .
BAGHDAD – Under Saddam Hussein , women in government got a year ’s maternity leave ; that is now cut to six months .
Under the Personal Status Law in force since Jul. 14 , 1958 , when Iraqis overthrew the British - installed monarchy , Iraqi women had most of the rights that Western women do .
Now they have Article 2 of the Constitution : " Islam is the official religion of the state and is a basic source of legislation . "
Sub - head A says " No law can be passed that contradicts the undisputed rules of Islam . "
Under this Article the interpretation of women ’s rights is left to religious leaders – and many of them are under Iranian influence .
" The U.S. occupation has decided to let go of women ’s rights , " Yanar Mohammed , who campaigns for women ’s rights in Iraq , says .
" Political Islamic groups have taken southern Iraq , are fully in power there , and are using the financial support of Iran to recruit troops and allies .
The financial and political support from Iran is why the Iraqis in the south accept this , not because the Iraqi people want Islamic law . "
With the new law has come the new lawlessness .
Nora Hamaid , 30 , a graduate from Baghdad University , has now given up the career she dreamt of .
" I completed my studies before the invaders arrived because there was good security and I could freely go to university , " Hamaid tells IPS .
Now she says she cannot even move around freely , and worries for her children every day .
" I mean every day , from when they depart to when they return from school , for fear of abductions . "
There is 25 - percent representation for women in parliament , but Sabria says " these women from party lists stand up to defend their party in the parliament , not for women ’s rights . "
For women in Iraq , the invasion is not over .
The situation for Iraq ’s women reflects the overall situation : everyone is affected by lack of security and lack of infrastructure .
" The status of women here is linked to the general situation , " Maha Sabria , professor of political science at Al - Nahrain University in Baghdad tells IPS .
" The violation of women ’s rights was part of the violation of the rights of all Iraqis . "
But , she said , " women bear a double burden under occupation because we have lost a lot of freedom because of it .
" More men are now under the weight of detention , so now women bear the entire burden of the family and are obliged to provide full support to the families and children .
At the same time women do not have freedom of movement because of the deteriorated security conditions and because of abductions of women and children by criminal gangs . "
Women , she says , are also now under pressure to marry young in family hope that a husband will bring security .
Sabria tells IPS that the abduction of women " did not exist prior to the occupation .
We find that women lost their right to learn and their right to a free and normal life , so Iraqi women are struggling with oppression and denial of all their rights , more than ever before . "
Yanar Mohammed believes the constitution neither protects women nor ensures their basic rights .
She blames the United States for abdicating its responsibility to help develop a pluralistic democracy in Iraq .
" The real ruler in Iraq now is the rule of old traditions and tribal , backward laws , " Sabria says .
" The biggest problem is that more women in Iraq are unaware of their rights because of the backwardness and ignorance prevailing in Iraqi society today . "
Many women have fled Iraq because their husband was arbitrarily arrested by occupation forces or government security personnel , says Sabria .
More than four million Iraqis were estimated to have been displaced through the occupation , including approximately 2.8 million internally .
The rest live as refugees mainly in neighboring countries , according to a report by Elizabeth Ferris , co-director of the Brookings Institution - University of Bern Project on Internal Displacement .
The report , titled , " Going Home ?
Prospects and Pitfalls For Large - Scale Return Of Iraqis , " says most displaced Iraqi women are reluctant to return home because of continuing uncertainties .
The Washington - based Refugees International ( RI ) says in a report " Iraqi Refugees : Women ’s Rights and Security Critical to Returns " that " Iraqi women will resist returning home , even if conditions improve in Iraq , if there is no focus on securing their rights as women and assuring their personal security and their families ’ well - being . "
The RI report covered internally displaced women in Iraq ’s semi-autonomous northern Kurdish region and female refugees in Syria .
" Not one woman interviewed by RI indicated her intention to return , " the report says .
" This tent is more comfortable than a palace in Baghdad ; my family is safe here , " a displaced woman in northern Iraq told RI .
The situation continues to be challenging for women within Iraq .
" I am an employee , and everyday go to my work place , and the biggest challenge for me and all the suffering Iraqis is the roads are closed and you feel you are a person without rights , without respect , " a 35 - year - old government employee , who asked to be referred to as Iman , told IPS .
" To what extent has this improved my security ? " she asked .
" We have better salaries now , but how can women live with no security ?
How can we enjoy our rights if there is no safe place to go , for rest and recreation and living ? "
( * Abdu , our correspondent in Baghdad , works in close collaboration with Dahr Jamail , our U.S. - based specialist writer on Iraq who reports extensively on the region )
( Inter Press Service )
The Daily Telegraph reports that former the MI6 employee Daniel Houghton , who is being tried under the Theft Act and the Official Secrets Act , for ineptly trying to sell alleged MI6 and MI5 " intelligence gathering technique ) secrets to undercover UK counter intelligence agents , used DVD / CD and USB flash memory technology to smuggle out and store the alleged top secret and secret documents :
Spycatchers trap MI6 man ' trying to sell secrets '
A former MI6 spy has been accused of trying to sell " top secret " intelligence files to a foreign government for £ 2 m .
By Duncan Gardham , Security Correspondent
Published : 5:12 PM GMT 03 Mar 2010 Daniel Houghton , 25 , was caught in a sting operation after allegedly approaching a foreign intelligence agency offering to sell them information he had collected while working for the Secret Intelligence Service , known as MI6 .
The files , which belonged to the domestic security service MI5 , allegedly related to the capabilities of the security and intelligence services and the techniques they have developed to gather intelligence , sources said , and were labeled " top secret " and " secret . "
Houghton , who worked for MI6 between September 2007 and May 2009 , allegedly telephoned the foreign intelligence service three months after leaving MI6 to try and arrange a deal .
He telephoned a " foreign intelligence service " and expected not to alert the UK counter - intelligence units ??
But undercover MI5 officers , known as " spy catchers " , met him in February to view the material on his laptop and allegedly negotiated a price of £ 900,000 , while recording the meeting with hidden listening devices .
If the alleged " top secret " documents really deserved that level of classification , then some people and organisations would be willing to pay much more than that .
Houghton allegedly told them he had downloaded the information onto a number of CDs and DVD disks which he then copied onto a secure digital memory card of the type used in cameras .
He also allegedly told the undercover MI5 officers that he had copied material onto a second memory card which he had hidden at his mother 's home in Devon .
They arranged to meet him again at a central London hotel where he allegedly showed them the material on a laptop and then handed over two memory cards and a computer hard drive .
Sources said he was allowed to leave the hotel room with £ 900,000 in a suitcase before he was arrested as he waited for a hotel lift by plain clothes officers from the Metropolitan Police Counter Terrorism Command .
It is understood Houghton told them : " You 've got the wrong man . "
Police have conducted a series of raids since the arrest on Monday at Houghton 's shared flat in Hoxton , east London and at his mother 's home , a farm house in Holne , near Newton Abbot in Devon .
They are understood to be looking for any copies of the material he may have downloaded and any other material he may have stolen .
Sources said they had found additional hard copies of material marked " top secret , " " secret " and " restricted . " [... ]
According to The Press Association etc
The two detailed charges he is facing are : Between September 1 , 2007 and May 31 , 2009 within the jurisdiction of the Central Criminal Court he stole property , namely a number of electronic files containing techniques for intelligence collection , belonging to the British Security Service .
Contrary to section 1 ( 1 ) Theft Act 1968 .
The other charge is that on March 1 , 2010 within the jurisdiction of the Central Criminal Court , being a person who has been a member of the security and intelligence services , without lawful authority he disclosed articles relating to security or intelligence , namely a number of electronic files containing techniques for intelligence collection , which were in his possession by virtue of his position as a former member of the British Secret Intelligence Service .
Contrary to section 1 ( 1 ) Official Secrets Act 1989 .
Does this imply that the authorities have no proof as to exactly when Houghton is alleged to have stolen the secret and top secret documents and have just bracketed his entire period of employment with MI6 ?
This case shows that trusted employees , even of MI6 the Secret Intelligence Service , can use easily concealed USB flash memory devices to smuggle out secret documents from supposedly heavily guarded buildings or computer networks .
This should be of interest to other , more honourable and less corrupt whistleblowers - see our Hints and Tips for Whistleblowers Technical Hints and Tips for protecting the anonymity of sources for Whistleblowers , Investigative Journalists , Campaign Activists and Political Bloggers etc .
However , this case also shows a lack of professionalism by the wannbe corrupt spy , who seems to have revealed rather too much personal information about himself and his family to his supposed " foreign intelligence agency " customers .
Meeting them in person a hotel room in London ( rather than in a foreign country ) , not making use of Dead Letter Drops or encryption and expecting to simply walk away with £ 900,000 in cash in suitcase ( without being robbed or murdered ) after handing over the secrets , seems rather arrogant , naive , and obviously illegal .
Did Houghton work on a joint MI6 Secret Intelligence Service and MI5 Security Service operation ?
if not how did he have access to MI5 secrets when working for MI6 ?
Why did he leave the employment of MI6 last year ?
At the age of 25 , he must have started stealing secrets only a year after leaving the University of Birmingham .
Given the six months or more it can take for recruitment and Developed Vetting ( DV ) security vetting clearance , he must have started stealing secret stuff almost immediately that he had access to it .
According to the Daily Mail : Ex -MI6 agent appears in court charged with trying to sell top secret files ' for £ 2 million '
Born in Holland , Houghton has dual British - Dutch nationality and is fluent in English and Dutch .
Educated at Dartmouth Community College in Devon where his family live in nearby Holne , Houghton studied graphic design at Exeter College .
At Birmingham University , he studied computer interactive systems , achieving top marks which brought him to the attention of the security services
Did he hack in to their supposedly secure computer systems from the inside ?
We doubt that Daniel Houghton was employed as an " agent " or as a " spy " i.e. a Covert Human Intelligence Source ( usually foreign but also within the UK ) as the mainstream media headlines claim .
Was he employed as an Intelligence Officer or was he employed to work on their Information Technology systems ?
Which " foreign intelligence agency " did he think that he was betraying and selling the secrets to ?
There really is no good reason for keeping that a secret from the British public .
Was he working alone , or did he have accomplices ?
Why the Theft Act 1968 but not the Terrorism Act 2000 section 58 Collection of information ?
The Official Secrets Act 1989 section 1 ( 1 ) carries a penalty ( defined in section 10 Penalties of " only " up to 2 years in prison and / or a fine ( per offence ) , is obviously applicable to a former member of MI6 .
Unless Houghton was stupid enough to steal and to hand over the original CDs , DVDs or the computer hard disk , which physically belonged to his former employer MI6 , then how does the Theft Act 1968 apply ?
There would be no need for all the civil Copyright legal cases , if somehow , a mere digital copy of information or data could be misinterpreted as Theft as defined by the Theft Act 1968 section 1 ( 1 ) A person is guilty of theft if he dishonestly appropriates property belonging to another with the intention of permanently depriving the other of it ; [...]
This cannot apply to digital copies of the information or documents - it can only apply to the originals or master copies on physical media or hardware .
The theoretical maximum of up to 7 years in prison is for major thefts of property or money .
Why is Daniel Houghton not also facing a Terrorism Act 2000 section 58 Collection of information charge , which attracts a penalty of up to 10 years in prison ?
Surely " top secret " MI5 " intelligence gathering techniques " is obviously " information of a kind likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism " ?
This is a catch all offence which does not require proof of any actual terroristic intent , only knowledge of the fact of its potential usefulness to terrorists .
These documents , if accurately reported above , would be much more useful to terrorists , than the stuff which several people are in currently in prison for , which they downloaded from the internet .
Anonymous briefing before Court Reporting Restrictions apply
It is also worth questioning why the authorities seem to have anonymously briefed Duncan Gardham , the Security Correspondent of the Daily Telegraph in so much detail ?
This report ( and our blog analysis of it ) comes before any media reporting restrictions have been ordered , as Daniel Houghton is not yet facing trial by jury .
This seems to be a feature of recent national security trials - the accused is found guilty in the mainstream media , well before he faces an Judge and Jury , on the basis of anonymous leaks from nameless Whitehall bureaucrats , given to selected , favoured mainstream media journalists .
N.B. if the UK Government or legal system authorities want bloggers not to comment on a trial in progress , then they will have to inform us directly via email or through a comment posting , or through a prominent online public announcement that there are actually reporting restrictions in place and the details of exactly what they cover .
We are reasonably intelligent , but not psychic .
Those of you taking an interest in this , or similar cases , should download and save your own copies of any relevant newspaper or blog articles to your own ( secure and encrypted ? ) computer systems , since the online versions could easily be be censored through secret injunctions or takedown notices , or just the threat of expensive legal action .
Heads up !
You 're viewing this page without Javascript enabled , so some of parts of this site may not work properly .
You might want to enable Javascript for a better browing experience .
Synopsis :
Officially , Apollo 17 , launched December 17th , 1972 was the last manned mission to the moon .
But a year later , in December of 1973 , two American astronauts were sent on a secret mission to the moon funded by the US Department of Defense .
What you are about to see is the actual footage which the astronauts captured on that mission .
While NASA denies its authenticity , others say it ’s the real reason we ’ve never gone back to the moon .
Government climbdown over David Kelly post - mortem report
Dr David Kelly : Doctors challenging the official verdict that the scientist committed suicide will be able to see his medical records
The Government has backed down over a move which threatened to delay the release of the post - mortem of weapons inspector Dr David Kelly .
Last month Lord Hutton , who chaired the inquiry into Dr Kelly ’s death in 2003 , said he was happy for a group of doctors - challenging the official verdict that the scientist committed suicide - to see his medical records , including the post - mortem report and photographs .
The peer ’s surprise decision came two days after The Mail on Sunday revealed that he had secretly ordered the documents to be barred from the public for 70 years .
The doctors then wrote to the Ministry of Justice ( MoJ ) asking to see the material .
But they were told their request was being treated under the terms of the Freedom of Information ( FoI ) Act which contains several caveats giving the Government the right to refuse access to some official papers .
On Friday The Mail on Sunday contacted the MoJ to ask why the doctors ’ request was being dealt with under the FoI Act and within hours lawyers acting for the doctors were told the department had changed its mind and would accept the request under normal terms .
Dr Kelly ’s body was found after he was exposed as the source of a BBC report questioning the grounds for war in Iraq .
No coroner ’s inquest has ever been held into his death .
The only official verdict has come from the Hutton Inquiry , which concluded that Dr Kelly died after cutting his wrist with a blunt gardening knife .
Last night Dr Michael Powers QC , one of the doctors lobbying for an inquest , said : ‘ This was a deliberate attempt at delay .
If this evidence only confirms the cause of Dr Kelly ’s death given at the Inquiry , why is the Government fearful of us seeing it ? ’
Keith Olbermann often cited on his show his father 's health struggles and the medical care he received .
Olbermann 's father dies
Keith Olbermann ’s father , who in his waning days played something of an unlikely role in the super - heated health care debate , died Saturday in New York of complications stemming from a surgery last September .
Theodore C. Olbermann , who had worked as an architect and designed most of the Baskin - Robbins ice cream parlors built in the 1970s , was 80 .
Advertisement
On his prime - time MSNBC television show , Keith Olbermann cited his father ’s health struggles and the medical care he received in urging Congress to overhaul the nation ’s health care system — a cause the liberal host has championed .
In a blog post after his father ’s passing , Olbermann praised the care his father received and called him “ as much my hero now , as he was when I was 5 years old . ”
On his show , Olbermann had argued that everyone should have access to the care his father did .
And , in an emotional commentary last month , Olbermann revealed he had previously discussed end - of - life care with his father and that his father had recently asked to be killed , a plea Olbermann said he discussed with doctors caring for his father .
He blasted Republican critics of the health overhaul who labeled as “ death panels ” proposed Medicare - funded counseling in which patients discussed end - of - life issues with their doctors .
“ It ‘s a life panel — and damn those who call it otherwise to hell , ” Olbermann said .
Conservative talk show host Glenn Beck on his syndicated radio show accused Olbermann of “ using his father to now make a point on death panels , ” reiterated the debunked death panel claim and asserted “ believe me , those death panels that Barack Obama would like to say ‘ well we ’re going to have to ration some care here ’ — your father would be dead by now , and maybe your father would agree with it at this point , that he should have been left to die , but thank God it is still his choice . ”
On a subsequent show , Olbermann responded that Beck “ has no earthly clue what he ‘s talking about ” and urged his viewers to have conversations about end - of - life care with their families .
In an e-mail to POLITICO , Olbermann explained “ the value of having repeatedly discussed his wishes about care , and cessation of care — our ‘ life panel ’ — was of immense value and comfort .
We were able to make HIS decision , and in 35 minutes he died , as peacefully and painlessly as he had been falling asleep when I used to read to him . ”
One has only to go into a prison , or at least a prison of the kind in which I used to work , to see the most revoltingly high self - esteem among a group of people ( the young thugs ) who had brought nothing but misery to those around them , largely because they conceived of themselves as so important that they could do no wrong .
For them , their whim was law , which was precisely as it should be considering who they were in their own estimate .
With the coyness of someone revealing a bizarre sexual taste , my patients would often say to me , " Doctor , I think I 'm suffering from low self - esteem . "
This , they believed , was at the root of their problem , whatever it was , for there is hardly any undesirable behavior or experience that has not been attributed , in the press and on the air , in books and in private conversations , to low self - esteem , from eating too much to mass murder .
Self - esteem is , of course , a term in the modern lexicon of psychobabble , and psychobabble is itself the verbal expression of self - absorption without self - examination .
The former is a pleasurable vice , the latter a painful discipline .
An accomplished psychobabbler can talk for hours about himself without revealing anything .
Insofar as self - esteem has a meaning , it is the appreciation of one 's own worth and importance .
That it is a concept of some cultural resonance is demonstrated by the fact that an Internet search I conducted brought up 14,500,000 sites , only slightly fewer than the U.S. Constitution and four times as many as " fortitude . "
When people speak of their low self - esteem , they imply two things : first , that it is a physiological fact , rather like low hemoglobin , and second , that they have a right to more of it .
What they seek , if you like , is a transfusion of self - esteem , given ( curiously enough ) by others ; and once they have it , the quality of their lives will improve as the night succeeds the day .
For the record , I never had a patient who complained of having too much self - esteem , and who therefore asked for a reduction .
Self - esteem , it appears , is like money or health : you can't have too much of it .
Self - esteemists , if I may so call those who are concerned with the levels of their own self - esteem , believe that it is something to which they have a right .
If they do n't have self - esteem in sufficient quantity to bring about a perfectly happy life , their fundamental rights are being violated .
They feel aggrieved and let down by others rather than by themselves ; they ascribe their lack of rightful self - esteem to the carping , and unjustified , criticism of parents , teachers , spouses , and colleagues .
The twin qualities leading to self - esteem are ( an allegedly ) just appreciation of one 's own importance and of one 's own worth .
Neither importance nor worth , however , are qualities to be found in nature without an appraising mind ; it is the appraising mind that confers them upon their object .
Let us take importance first .
There is no doubt a sense - that of the American Declaration of Independence , the supposedly self - evident truth that all men are created equal - in which everyone is important simply by virtue of drawing breath ; but of course this kind of importance is not sufficient for the self - esteemist , who derives no comfort from it whatsoever .
What he needs is to be more important than someone else in order to have his self - esteem .
Nor is it sufficient that he should be more important than somebody else only in his own eyes , because we are all more important in our own eyes than anybody else .
Hence the self - esteemist demands the recognition of others - " respect , " in the lexicon of the slum hoodlum - in order to prop up his self - esteem .
Unfortunately for him , the world of others still usually insists upon some kind of achievement before according recognition : achievement in a broad sense , but achievement nonetheless .
But the self - esteemist wants to skip this arduous requirement ; the result is that he is an angry and bitter soul .
Similar strictures apply to the other component of self - esteem , namely the sense of worth .
Clearly , a sense of worth is something that one would normally expect to be earned rather than conferred ex officio , as it were , similar to the right to a fair trial , but the self - esteemist wants to skip the stage of earning .
He is like the man who resents the fact that he has not inherited enough to prevent the necessity of having to make a living for himself .
In other words , the self - esteemist wants something for nothing , and , because in his heart he knows that what he wants is impossible , he is wretched and ascribes all the many failures of his life to it .
Self - esteem is therefore first cousin to resentment .
That self - esteemists mostly know that they are about as sincere as Marie Antoinette playing shepherdess is illustrated by the following :
When patients pretended to confide in me that they were suffering from low self - esteem , I used to reply that at least , then , they had got one thing right : they had valued themselves at their true worth .
( Of course , I used care when addressing the patients : those with higher education were less able to bear the exposure of their deception by means of irony , because their education had equipped them with stronger and more sophisticated powers of rationalization . )
Far from becoming angry , most patients - previously wretched - would begin to laugh , like those caught out in an obvious but relatively innocent attempt at a practical joke .
Indeed , they were relieved : they no longer had to pretend anything , either to themselves or to others .
We could then talk about the manifest deficiencies of their lives without resort to a vocabulary that acted as a smoke screen .
The problem with low self - esteem is not self - dislike , as is often claimed , but self - absorption .
However , it does not follow from this that high self - esteem is not a genuine problem .
One has only to go into a prison , or at least a prison of the kind in which I used to work , to see the most revoltingly high self - esteem among a group of people ( the young thugs ) who had brought nothing but misery to those around them , largely because they conceived of themselves as so important that they could do no wrong .
For them , their whim was law , which was precisely as it should be considering who they were in their own estimate .
It need hardly be said that this degree of self - esteem is certainly not confined to young thugs .
Most of us probably suffer from it episodically , as any waiter in any restaurant would be able to tell us .
In short , self - esteem is but a division of self - importance , which is seldom an attractive quality .
That person is best who never thinks of his own importance : to think about it , even , is to be lost to morality .
Self - respect is another quality entirely .
Where self - esteem is entirely egotistical , requiring that the world should pay court to oneself whatever oneself happens to be like or do , and demands nothing of the person who wants it , self - respect is a social virtue , a discipline , that requires an awareness of and sensitivity to the feelings of others .
It requires an ability and willingness to put oneself in someone else 's place ; it requires dignity and fortitude , and not always taking the line of least resistance .
Here I hope I will be forgiven for obtruding a little autobiography by way of illustration .
For many years I believed that how a man dressed was unimportant ; it was the man within that counted , not the man without .
My belief excused me for being myself rather scruffily dressed , which was very easy and convenient for me in terms of effort required .
But I now think that I was mistaken , for it does not follow from the fact that outward appearance is not all - important that it is of no importance at all .
The small matter of cleaning one 's shoes , for example , is not one of vanity alone , though of course it can be carried on to the point of vanity and even obsession and fetish .
It is , rather , a discipline and a small sign that one is prepared to go to some trouble for the good opinion and satisfaction of others .
It is a recognition that one lives in a social world .
That is why total informality of dress is a sign of advancing egotism .
Self - respect requires fortitude , one of the cardinal virtues ; self - esteem encourages emotional incontinence that , while not actually itself a cardinal sin , is certainly a vice , and a very unattractive one .
Self - respect and self - esteem are as different as depth and shallowness .
DETROIT  Lawmakers and the Transportation Department stepped up pressure Tuesday on Toyota , seeking proof that problems that could cause its cars to speed up unexpectedly were limited to floor mats and sticking pedals .
In a letter to James E. Lentz III , the president of Toyota Motor Sales U.S.A. , Representatives Henry A. Waxman and Bart Stupak asked the automaker to provide documents showing that the computer systems on its cars were not at fault  something Toyota has vigorously denied .
Mr. Waxman is the chairman and Mr. Stupak a subcommittee chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee .
Meanwhile , the Transportation Department said it was considering a civil penalty against Toyota over the handling of the recalls , a person with direct knowledge of the discussions said .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - U.S. researchers estimate that an 18 percent tax on pizza and soda can push down U.S. adults ’ calorie intake enough to lower their average weight by 5 pounds ( 2 kg ) per year .
A girl waits for a slice of pizza at the Minnesota State Fair in St. Paul , Minnesota , August 30 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
The researchers , writing in the journal Archives of Internal Medicine on Monday , suggested taxing could be used as a weapon in the fight against obesity , which costs the United States an estimated $ 147 billion a year in health costs .
“ While such policies will not solve the obesity epidemic in its entirety and may face considerable opposition from food manufacturers and sellers , they could prove an important strategy to address overconsumption , help reduce energy intake and potentially aid in weight loss and reduced rates of diabetes among U.S. adults , ” wrote the team led by Kiyah Duffey of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
With two - thirds of Americans either overweight or obese , policymakers are increasingly looking at taxing as a way to address obesity on a population level .
California and Philadelphia have introduced legislation to tax soft drinks to try to limit consumption .
CDC director Dr. Thomas Frieden supports taxes on soft drinks , as does the American Heart Association .
There are early signs that such a policy works .
Duffey ’s team analyzed the diets and health of 5,115 young adults aged age 18 to 30 from 1985 to 2006 .
They compared data on food prices during the same time .
Over a 20 - year period , a 10 percent increase in cost was linked with a 7 percent decrease in the amount of calories consumed from soda and a 12 percent decrease in calories consumed from pizza .
The team estimates that an 18 percent tax on these foods could cut daily intake by 56 calories per person , resulting in a weight loss of 5 pounds ( 2 kg ) per person per year .
“ Our findings suggest that national , state or local policies to alter the price of less healthful foods and beverages may be one possible mechanism for steering U.S. adults toward a more healthful diet , ” Duffey and colleagues wrote .
In a commentary , Drs. Mitchell Katz and Rajiv Bhatia of the San Francisco Department of Public Health said taxes are an appropriate way to correct a market that favors unhealthy food choices over healthier options .
They argued that the U.S. government should carefully consider food subsidies that contribute to the problem .
“ Sadly , we are currently subsidizing the wrong things including the product of corn , which makes the corn syrup in sweetened beverages so inexpensive , ” they wrote .
Instead , they argued that agricultural subsidies should be used to make healthful foods such as locally grown vegetables , fruits and whole grains less expensive .
The annual Pwn2Own contest at CanSecWest is underway , and on the first day Web browsers fell to attack .
Internet Explorer 8 and Firefox 3.6.2 on 64 - bit Windows 7 and Safari on OS X all were forced to run exploit code .
To add insult to injury , an iPhone was cracked and the SMS database lifted from it .
The annual Pwn2Own contest at CanSecWest is underway , and on the first day Web browsers fell to attack .
Internet Explorer 8 and Firefox 3.6.2 on 64 - bit Windows 7 and Safari on OS X all were forced to run exploit code .
To add insult to injury , an iPhone was cracked and the SMS database lifted from it .
The IE exploit is the most interesting because it bypasses both DEP ( Data Execution Prevention ) and ASLR ( Address Space Layout Randomization ) , albeit in a very cumbersome way , The researcher , Peter Vreugdenhil , explains exactly what he did in a paper on his web site .
Pwn2
Own rules require the exploit code to read a particular file on the system in order to register that the exploit has run .
But could Vreugdenhil 's exploit have written to the disk ?
It 's not clear .
Web pages in IE7 on Vista and IE8 on Vista and Windows 7 both run in " Protected Mode , " a special crippled user context in which the browser only has write access to the temporary Internet files directories .
While exploit code could do some malicious things under Protected Mode restrictions , it could not , for example , set itself up to run at boot or login .
The Firefox exploit was performed by Nils ( no last name given ) of U.K. - based MWR InfoSecurity .
Nils is contractually prevented from disclosing the exact details of the exploit for now .
He indicated that the hard part of it , as with IE8 , was bypassing ASLR and DEP .
But Nils also implied that Firefox did a bad job of opting in to ASLR , so perhaps that 's a clue to what he did .
Over on the Apple front , Charlie Miller exploited a critical Safari vulnerability on a MacBook .
Details on this hack are also under wraps until Apple gets a chance to address it .
And finally , Vincenzo Iozzo and Ralf Philipp Weinmann were successful in hijacking an iPhone through a malicious web page .
Among other things , they were able to read the entire SMS database , including text messages that had already been deleted , and upload them to a server they controlled .
Thanks to Threatpost for the links .
Originally posted to the PCMag.com security blog , Security Watch .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , March 4 , 2010
A glib 33 second propaganda ad produced by the Kentucky Department for Public Health portrays skeptics of the swine flu vaccine as raving lunatics , despite the fact that the head of the Council of Europe ’s investigation into the 2009 outbreak labeled it “ one of the greatest medical scandals of the century . ”
The commercial , which is entitled ‘ H1N1 Vaccine Myths , ’ features a group of office workers spewing ridiculous theories about the swine flu vaccine that have never been embraced by any vaccine skeptic , in an attempt to build a classic straw man and smear people who question the necessity for taking the shot as unstable lunatics .
The actors in the ad debate whether the H1N1 vaccine was “ made from platypus milk , ” or whether it “ makes you susceptible to hypnotic suggestion . ”
The clip ends by another actor in the ad stating , “ It was made from secret alien technology found on the moon . ”
“ Some folks believe anything , ” states an assertive female voice , “ The swine flu vaccine is safe , effective , and you still need it , learn more at Kentucky ’s flu website , that way you can separate the fact from the fiction . ”
Unfortunately , Kentucky health authorities have completely failed to separate the fact from the fiction during the course of their 33 second ad , because they attribute outlandish theories about the vaccine to skeptics who have never even uttered such things .
While the advertisement frames suspicion about the vaccine in the context of tin-foil hat wearing madness , in reality the swine flu pandemic has been denounced as a gargantuan hoax not by demented paranoid psychotics , but by the head of the Council of Europe ’s Sub - committee on Health , Dr. Wolfgang Wodarg , who as the chief of a major investigation into the H1N1 outbreak , labeled the case a “ fake pandemic ” manufactured by pharmaceutical companies in league with the WHO to make vast profits while endangering public health .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
In a separate interview , Wodarg labeled the pandemic , “ One of the greatest medical scandals of the century . ”
Makers of the swine flu vaccine such as CSL Limited and GlaxoSmithKine saw their profit margin soar by 63 per cent and 30 per cent respectively on the back of swine flu fearmongering that was dutifully practiced in spades by the corporate media throughout 2009 .
Roche made a whopping 12 times the profit during the second quarter of 2009 compared to the same period in 2008 as a result of the scare .
As we highlighted at the time , the very vaccine inserts that were publicly available clearly stated that the shot could cause Guillain - Barre Syndrome , Vasculitis , Paralysis , Anaphylactic Shock And Death .
The vaccines also contained mercury and squalene , which have been directly linked with autism and Gulf War syndrome respectively .
Concerns about such dangers grew to such an extent that the majority of Americans told a Fox News poll that they thought the vaccine was more risky than catching the actual swine flu virus .
Separate polls showed that the majority of doctors , nurses and health workers in the UK refused to take the shot .
In November 2009 , take up of the vaccine was so slow that the U.S. government was forced to appoint what the media ludicrously billed as an “ independent ” group of health advisors whose job it was to whitewash adverse reactions to the swine flu vaccine and “ explain ” them to the public as mere coincidence .
The “ independent ” group was lead by Dr. Marie McCormick of the Harvard School of Public Health , who had spent the last 10 years whitewashing reports of a link between vaccines and autism .
Suspicions surrounding the safety of the vaccine were confirmed when it was revealed that German Chancellor Angela Merkel and government ministers would be taking a shot that did “ not contain disputed additives — contrary to the vaccine for the remainder of the population . ”
This commercial represents a desperate last ditch effort on behalf of health authorities to try and shift the endless batches of unused H1N1 vaccines that still remain precisely because millions of Americans believed the lunatics who warned them about the dangers of the shot and refused to take it .
So if you really do think you “ still need ” the H1N1 shot after it has been completely exposed as an international scandal by one of the premiere investigatory bodies in Europe , then roll up your sleeve and knock yourself out , after all , it ’s “ safe ” and “ effective ” according to the government , but apparently not “ safe ” and “ effective ” enough for the political class in major western countries to take the same injection that you ’ll be getting .
Watch the commercial below .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
So it ’s that time of the year again .
That time of the year when you put on the stupid , oversized green hat , get outrageously drunk , approach a young man / woman / shaved - ape in a bleary haze and ramble on about how your third - cousin ’s friend ’s half - aunt was Irish in a desperate attempt to get laid .
Maybe some cringing Irish ballad might come on ( you know , one of those songs about prison ships and birds of freedom ) and there ’s no way in hell you ’re going to resists that urge to sing along .
For shame .
That ’s right ; it ’s St. Patrick ’s day !
Here in Ireland we have an expression for this type of behaviour ( yes , we Fenian folk act in a similar manner so often that we ’ve coined a phrase ) ; it ’s called “ acting like a total fucking gobshite ” .
And yes , Paddy ’s Day is a day of doing precisely that .
It ’s a day when people idolise the old country ( even if it ’s not old , or their country ) ; a day when they call to mind images of leprechauns , Celtic warrior kings and Enya .
“ No , really , baby – I ’m , like , totally Irish ! ”
Well , as the Guinness induced intoxication begins to clear and those whimsical spirits fade away ; when you wake up next to a stranger only to find that both of you have huge shamrocks tattooed on your arses ; when you begin to survey the vaguely recalled chaos of the night before – now you ’re ready to read about the fair green isles .
You see Ireland is n’t in a good way .
Ireland ’s coming out of a bad bender – and it fucking hurts !
“ Jesus !
How did this happen ? ” you ask yourself the morning after .
Why is your novelty hat full of sick ?
Which drink was the “ one too many ” that pushed you into that self - destructive spiral ?
Well , the Irish are asking themselves – or , at least should be asking themselves – the very same questions .
Let ’s start from the beginning .
Historically , Ireland has been a very poor place .
Up until the mid-twentieth it was basically an agrarian economy – an economy dominated by landlords , bailiffs and peasants .
The landlords were prosperous class who laughed at the hungry poor ; the bailiffs , a mean bunch of drunken bullies who liked nothing better than to batter some poor emaciated hut - dwellers with their shillelaghs ( I believe your Bill O’ Reillys and your Sean Hannitys inherited the “ bailiff gene ” ) ; and the peasants ?
They were a terrible bunch – a personification of the smell of a rotten potato .
Family of “ wretches ” from the famine era
Sure there were a few built up cities – Dublin was alright , Cork was n’t too bad – but even here the poverty was pretty disgusting .
You know that Schopenhauerian idea that life is essentially embodied pain ?
Well , for most of their modern history , the Irish have been living evidence of this .
And the culture ?
It was crap .
Completely saturated by a Catholicism spread by a well entrenched and highly organised Church ( although in fairness to the Church , if it had n’t been for their civilising influence , which only sort of half - worked , I ’ll bet that the Irish would still be living in their own filth ) .
Anyway , then the revolts came .
The big dates that you ’ll be swigging to this Paddy ’s Day : 1916 , 1921 – 1923 .
They were okay .
Well , to be fair 1916 was great ; a bunch of poets , nationalists and an admirable Scottish Marxist called James Connolly basically signed a suicide pact and took over the GPO , one of Dublin ’s main strategic buildings .
Then the British came in and absolutely crushed them – oh well .
1916 inside the GPO – Suicide has never looked so cool
Once the dreamers and the fools were out of the way a heavy and ignorant nationalism set in that can still be felt today .
When the Civil War ended in 1923 no one really cared about anything except Catholicism and the tri-colour – well a few did , but they were just ignored .
For the next 60 or so years nothing really happened .
The Church banned a few films ; a load of people went to Latin mass and the new ruling - class that had taken power after the Civil War tried at some rather feeble attempts to industrialise the country .
Pretty boring stuff – oh , well there was the troubles , but they ’re a bit of a fetish ; if you want a discussion of them do a Google search , you ’ll get plenty .
So , then the early 80s hit .
While Maggie Thatcher ’s own version of the Cheka were murdering people in the North , the Fianna Fail Party – a bunch of corrupt right - wingers formed after the Civil War who refer to themselves as the “ Republican Party ” – got their hands on the doctrines of Milton Friedman and his cronies – in watered - down form , I ’m sure ( these people are cretins , real troglodyte types , in both brain and body ) .
Neo-liberalism had come to Ireland .
The effects were slow to pick up , but the cuts in public services were quick , sharp and deep .
The free - market warrior who implemented them was a man called Ray MacSharry .
He quickly became known as “ Mac the Knife ” , after the seedy character in Brecht ’s “ Threepenny Opera ” .
He finished his career , like many of the characters we will meet along the way and also like many Friedmanesque reformers , in public disgrace – he was involved in a Watergate - style scandal , using police equipment to tape some of his colleagues .
But no worries , even if an Irish politician ends his career in the proverbial stocks he ’ll always be able to make himself a small fortune in the business world – where moral vice turns into practical virtue .
The cuts of the 1980s were to be felt for the ensuing decades .
It might be expected that during the boom years the funding would be restored .
To expect that would be to misunderstand the nature of the “ boom ” .
One of the main policy measures which allowed the boom to take place was an extremely low corporation tax rate .
Ireland was never able to fund its public services because it was , and still is , a tax haven for international corporations – an international money - launderer .
We launder so much corporate money that economists do n’t measure our economic growth in terms of GDP ( the standard international measure ) , but instead measure it in terms of GNP , so that we do n’t take into account all the money the corporations are washing through Ireland to avoid paying taxes in the countries where they set up shop .
Somehow I doubt that magazines like the Economist took nuggets like these into account when they were championing Ireland as an economic paradise some years back .
In the mid-1990s economic growth was starting to pick up and by the late - 90s it was accelerating at a rapid pace .
The right - wingers were patting themselves on the back for their infinite cleverness .
The stupidly named “ Celtic Tiger ” was here ( the term is cut- and - pasted from the “ Asian Tiger ” phenomenon – further evidence that the international business press is full of drooling idiots and lobotomised hacks – especially since the Asian Tigers imploded in 1997 - 98 ) .
To anyone who maintained their sobriety during this period it was remarkably obvious that the boom was dangerously unsustainable .
Actually , I wo n’t say “ maintained their sobriety ” because anyone who was remotely realistic throughout this period would have found it hard not to reach for the bottle .
You see the Irish came up with a stupid colloquial phrase to describe critical reasoning : doom and gloom .
“ Ah , Johnny ” , Mary would say with a moronic smile plastered on her face , “ sure he ’s always talking doom and gloom ” .
The RTE ’s ( our national broadcasting service ) economics editor who warned of the disaster that was coming ?
Doom and gloom .
People who pointed out that spending your pension fund on a second home in order to turn around a quick bit of cash was a bad idea ?
Doom and gloom .
Throughout the so - called Celtic Tiger period the unquestioning subservience the Irish people had learnt under the rule of the Catholic Church fused with the facile optimism of the consumerist age to create a chemical compound of mass - stupefaction .
Why vote out the corrupt bastards that were fleecing the country when a new Tommy Hilfiger shop had opened in the city centre ( this one has jeans that come pre-faded ! ) ?
Oh , and the corruption … no , I wo n’t move on to the corruption quite yet , we ’ll stick with the culture of the era for the moment .
You see , Ireland modernised remarkably fast – culturally speaking .
Do n’t get me wrong , I ’m truly thankful for this – it really is n’t a bad thing when large swaths of the population stop believing that the immaculate Virgin has appeared in Bally - nowhere to tell some sexually abused girl that God loves her .
“ Mary says that God loves me – God is my new daddy ; he ’s a nice daddy ”
The Irish culturally modernised by leaps and bounds .
Most people of my generation sneer at the mention of organised religion – or at the very least are fairly flippant about the whole thing .
But if history has taught us nothing it is that one superstition will inevitably be replaced by another .
China got Maoism ; we got consumerism .
A strange sort of consumerism it was too .
The Irish writer Brendan Behan once said “ Other people have a nationality .
The Irish and the Jews have a psychosis ” .
How right he was .
When both these peoples tried to forge their own national identities they were horrified to find a big , dark void where their nationality was supposed to be .
The Zionists went mental – existential threat this and holocaust that .
The Irish were n’t quite so unfortunate .
They hung onto the whole Catholic thing for a while ; but ditched that whole miserable affair at the first chance they got .
When the imported American cultural goods started to arrive by the shipload , the shopping malls began to fill up – Dawn of the Dead style .
Then something weird started happening – young people started mimicking the characters they saw on inane MTV - style shows like “ The OC ” and “ One Tree Hill ” .
Why is this weird ?
Well , it ’s a matter of geography , really .
You see , we ’re not L.A. – we ’re REALLY not L.A. Ireland has shit weather – really , really shit weather ( the Irish burn significant amounts of carbohydrates just complaining about it ) .
So when you see the guys ( yes , we say “ guys ” now ) wearing beach shorts in the pouring rain , or the girls doing the oompa - loompa through the application of fake tan , it ’s just that – a little weird .
“ What do you mean ‘ gale force winds ’ ?
We ’re going to the County Cork beach - party [ giggle ] ! ”
Anyway , let ’s move away from the cultural pathologies and get back to the political pathologies .
Corruption got pretty bad – no , scratch that … corruption got really bad .
One of the major figures of the 1980s reforms was on - again off - again Taoiseach ( translation : Prime Minister ) Charles Haughey .
Haughey was a crooked bastard and everyone knew it .
A total pisshead ( translation : regular consumer of alcoholic beverage ) and a notorious womaniser ; he was also embroiled in an IRA arms deal in 1970 .
“ Cool ” , you say ?
Do n’t let this fool you – as I said earlier Irish nationalism is a murky ideology ; where greed mixes with social responsibility and venture capitalist drug - dealers form alliances with committed socialists .
Through the eighties Haughey amassed a small fortune by accepting bribes from scumbag businessmen .
He even bought himself an island – yes , that ’s right , the Irish Taoiseach had his own island - lair !
But it was n’t your typical lair .
It did n’t have sharks and scuba - men swimming around it or a skull - cave housing a biological warhead .
Instead of playing the Bond villain , Haughey used to take helicopter trips to the island with his buddies on the weekends ( his son owned Ireland ’s biggest helicopter firm ) and they all used to get so thrashed on whisky that many claimed Haughey could n’t work properly come Monday .
Corruption – Irish style .
Inishvickillane also known as Haugheyland – “ You bring the beer , I ’ll bring the island . ”
Haughey pretty much got away with it too .
Everyone thought he was a scumbag – well apart from his elite buddies , and that ’s all that matters .
Unfortunately corrupt bastards do n’t pay for their crimes in Ireland ; they merely step down from public office , go in front of some bullshit tribunal that goes nowhere and end up in a cushy business job or live out the rest of their days on their private islands – drinking their brains out .
For the rich boozing is n’t the escape it is for the poor .
Instead it ’s a Bacchic dance of transgression .
The elites in Ireland don expensive clothes , go to the trendy spots and get absolutely trashed .
Enter one of these hip clubs and you ’ll encounter the décor of a Parisian restaurant , the dress of an awards ceremony – and the stagnant stench of an alley bar .
Approach one of the sneering patrons they ’ll tell you , in their stressed , pretentious accent , all about their wealth , about their loathing for the poor – then they ’ll stumble , try to steady themselves and fall on their ass .
Coke is popular too – the perfect drug for Ireland ’s verbose , yet vapid elite .
What these people seek is a chemical to accentuate their vulgar arrogance – and vulgar it is .
There ’s no class about this arrogance .
There ’s no ironic distance toward it – it ’s fully felt , fully embraced .
Many Irish elites would get - off on telling you just how brilliant they are .
There ’s no need for culture of any kind – say , talking about Renoir or Joyce as a point of prestige – the arrogance sells itself .
This is an attitude of pure brilliance , esteem and privilege and it feeds the corruption like cancerous tumour feeds off its host body – why would you have any responsibilities for a society and a country which you are so far above ?
The corruption theme is a tired one in Irish political discourse – as drawn out and tedious as an Al Gore speech .
To give a recent example take our last Taoiseach , Bertie Ahern ( another Fianna Fail-er ) .
You ’ve probably seen him before .
He ’s the stammering , dithery monkey - man in the shabby suit you often see standing next to world leaders , complete with shit - eating grin .
Ahern was also disgraced for taking bribes from dodgy businessmen and stepped down from his government office .
As the financial crisis unravelled and the activities of some of the bankers came to light Ahern commented that “ he ’d only taken a few bribes ” – a perfect example of the sense of arrogance and untouchability that pervades Ireland ’s elite .
Interestingly ,
Ahern ’s autobiography went on to be a best - seller .
“ Jaysus , this does n’t fit at all .
I need some new clothes ” .
This is another thing people need to understand about Ireland .
Ask the average Irish person what they think of the politicians .
“ Feckin ’ corrupt eejits ” , you ’ll be told – but in reality what Shaun O’ Shaughnassy really wants is to cultivate that drive to fuck over other people himself .
This is what a large portion of the Irish population looks for in Ahern ’s autobiography – but they find themselves only able to apply it in the most petty manner ; say , by hiring a builder off - the - books , or by ripping their customers off by selling overpriced crap through their shit businesses .
These people , who sneer at the arrogance and corruption of the elites , really just want in on the game .
In Ireland we have a term for the attitude of the corrupt ( yes , another ) : “ cuteness ” .
Cuteness is a strange one ; it ’s a sort of mix between criticism and praise .
“ Ah… he ’s a cute bastard ” means at once “ He ’s a corrupt dickhead ” and at the same time something like “ He ’s very clever ” .
In reality these people are n’t in any way clever – they ’re simply ruthless .
They ’re the type of people you would n’t leave your wallet around – and the Irish people have an intense love - hate relationship with them .
The average Irishman ’s conscience says “ no , what these people do is wrong ” , but the little Bertie Ahern - shaped devil on their shoulder says “ ah , go on – no one will notice , you ’ll get away with it ! ” .
In following these supposedly lovable rogues – and again I stress there ’s nothing lovable about these rogues , they ’re just crooks – Ireland has walked blindly into an economic catastrophe .
As mentioned earlier an enormous property bubble inflated during the so - called Tiger .
Who would have thought that a sty of corruption would be fertile ground for a speculative bubble to emerge ?
Well , emerge it did .
Property prices went wild – prices tripled between 2000 and 2006 .
People were fed the illusion of wealth .
Their bank accounts were empty , as part of our economic policy was to artificially stifle wages , but people thought that because their house was worth € 500 k they were in the big leagues .
Like a punter at a street - corner playing three - card monte , the Irish people bought what they were sold in a dizzy state of unquestioning optimism .
Then it all crashed .
What a bang it was !
The floors fell out of these houses ; their value dropped into the netherworlds .
Then the banks started going under .
One after another they imploded .
Property developer after property developer was discovered to have been bribing corrupt government officials .
As in most developed countries , for most people the “ boom ” was never a boom at all – it was merely the using of the public purse to generate a speculation induced bourgeois orgasm .
There was public outcry .
Things really started to heat up .
And then… silence .
As things quietened down , the government began setting up NAMA ( National Asset Management Agency ) .
NAMA makes the US bailouts look as transparent as a Spielberg film .
The scheme pumped money into some of the worst banks ; institutions that should have died a death , but instead were kept on life - support .
Joseph Stiglitz , speaking at Ireland ’s main university , commented “ Countries which allow banks to go under by following the ordinary rules of capitalism have done fine .
The US has let 100 banks go this year alone , as did Sweden and Norway in their crises … this bank bailout is a simple transfer from taxpayers to bondholders , and it will saddle generations to come .
The only thing that might give you solace is that , as chief economist of the World Bank , we see this type of thing happening in banana republics all over the world .
Whenever a banking crisis happens , the financial sector uses the turmoil as a mechanism to transfer wealth from the general population to themselves . ”
Stiglitz ’s comparison to a banana republic is apt .
In those countries the ruling elite is so tightly knit , so closely interlinked that one of them could n’t roll over in bed without getting a hand job from another .
Here we see another of Ireland ’s political diseases : localism .
We ’re a small community , with good social ties .
“ How lovely ” , you might think , “ I might go there on holiday ” – but throw unregulated capitalism in the mix ; then what you get is a tightly knit oligopoly whose members literally all know each other .
The Fianna Fail government , for example , used to have a tent at the country ’s major horse - racing event where they would drink with the biggest property developers and cut deals .
No one else was allowed in .
No citizens ; no press .
You did n’t need a cool password or a complicated handshake to get in – you just needed your face to be recognised .
“ Jimmy , come on in , boy .
Wait ’ll I tell ye about this luvely piece - a land the Dublin council has and ca n’t afford to develop because we fucked them in the budget … ” .
The infamous “ dodgy tent ” : when the clowns are running the show , what to do but join the circus ?
So when the property developers ’ banks went under the government drove the tax - payers money in by the truckload without thinking twice about it .
Then the debt crisis hit .
The politicians realised that they ’d been haemorrhaging cash on utter shit – such as electronic voting machines that did n’t work – and now the government budget was fucked .
Last January the budget was announced – two words : bad medicine .
And people ’s attitude ?
Those involved in running the country – political types , legal peeps , businessmen etc – have a weird masochistic attitude toward the whole thing .
They take this weird pleasure in implementing the cuts .
It ’s a binge and purge mentality – and these people seem eager to administer the enema .
The average worker , on the other hand , just feels powerless and finds solace in typical Irish cynicism – and drink , lots and lots of overpriced drink ( we tax drink loads – ostensibly to stop people drinking so much , but really because it ’s such an easy target ) .
“ Oh yeah !
I LOVE it when you cut my account deficit ! ”
So when you ’re out drinkin ’ , singin ’ and reminiscin ’ remember that the ol ’ Emerald Isles are n’t the paradise many purport them to be .
There ai n’t no rainbow folks .
No pot of gold either .
Just a rather backward country that failed to modernise its institutions properly ; that is now being run by an almost nihilistic group of cynics who know they can get away with almost anything – and which is now paying the price , big time .
Ireland followed the route that so many countries have since the late - 1970s ( Russia , the United States , Chile , Indonesia etc ) : neo-liberalism .
They used economic policy to float the wealth to the top of the pond where it collected , like scum , until it smothered all those that lived beneath .
In Ireland this was undertaken in a cultural atmosphere that many will be celebrating today .
To end on a more positive note : [ raises glass ]
Here ’s to the death of neo-liberalism , Reaganism , Thatcherism and monetarism !!! [ swigs ] .
Happy St. Patrick ’s Day eXiled readers !!!
Have a fucking mad one !!!
Paddy O’ Fenian is an Irishman in eXile , after leaving the old country on a coffin- ship , he went to Boston where he set up a bar which caters to annoying American patrons who find Irish pubs quaint .
[ Note :
In honor of St Patrick ’s Day , the eXiled ’s editors kept the author ’s original misspellings of American words to give it an authentic “ Irish ” feel .
We will resume our regularly - scheduled cultural imperialism at 23:59:59 PST March 17 , 2010 . ]
About two thousand noisy protesters is what it takes to get an Ann Coulter speech canceled , apparently .
That ’s the scene which transpired on Tuesday night at the University of Ottawa , where the right - wing author had planned a talk .
Canadian media described the crowd as “ boisterous . ”
“ A spokesman for the group that organized the event said there were fears for CoulterÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s well - being after about two thousand people gathered outside the venue to protest her presence there , ” The Toronto Star reported .
ADVERTISEMENT
If there ’s anything Canadians know about Ann Coulter , it ’s likely her comments several years ago on Fox News in which the conservative pundit declared Canada to have “ become trouble recently . ”
“ They better hope the United States does n’t roll over one night and crush them , ” she said on Hannity & Colmes in 2004 .
“ They ’re lucky they ’re allowed to be on the same continent as the United States . ”
Other Canadian cities she plans to grace on her current tour include Calgary , Alberta and Ontario .
Ahead of her spoiled event in Ottawa , the university ’s provost sent Coulter a letter stating , “ I would … remind you , that our domestic laws , both provincial and federal , delineate freedom of expression ( or ‘ free speech ’ ) in a manner that is somewhat different than the approach taken in the United States .
I therefore encourage you to educate yourself , if need be , as to what is acceptable in Canada and to do so before your planned visit here . ”
Coulter circulated the test to right - wing media , claiming that she ’d become the victim of a “ hate crime . ”
Then , she snarled at a Muslim student to “ take a camel ” instead of flying on commercial airliners .
ADVERTISEMENT
For the University of Ottawa , the issue may be somewhat personal .
In that same Fox segment where she declared Canada “ lucky ” to be “ allowed ” to be in North America , she also stated that it ’s fair game to ridicule Canada because they “ speak French ” there .
The University of Ottawa is a fully bilingual school , offering classes in English and French .
While Canada ’s hate speech laws are generally considered less restrictive than those found in Europe , they are certainly more restrictive than any that exist in the United States .
The laws make it a criminal act to “ advocate or promote genocide , ” meaning to call for the killing of “ any section of the public distinguished by colour , race , religion , ethnic origin or sexual orientation . ”
The laws also make it illegal to “ communicat[e ] statements in any public place ” in order to “ incite hatred against any identifiable group , where such incitement is likely to lead to a breach of the peace . ”
With AFP .
The consortium is just one part of a growing movement uniting academics , librarians , developers , and players around game preservation .
The Video Game Archive at the University of Texas collects memos , beta versions , and other paraphernalia documenting the game - making process .
Stanford , Michigan , and Berlin ’s Computer Game Museum have amassed thousands of old games and consoles .
And thousands of private collectors post source code online for so - called abandonware — games that no longer are published or supported by the companies that created them .
“ The cultural history of our world is wrapped up in digital worlds , and in the future , if people want to understand our culture , they ’re going to need documents and information , ” says Henry Lowood , who leads the preservation effort at Stanford .
“ We ’re in a position to do something about that for these synthetic worlds . ”
Video - game preservation is tricky .
First , a definitional question :
Is a video game just lines of code , or does it include the disk , box , and console ?
“ To preserve an Atari 2600 , do you need a piece of shag carpet ? ” asks Kirschenbaum .
He ’s only half joking : this year a team at Georgia Tech made an emulator that lets old games be played on today ’s computers , but makes them look fuzzy , as if they were on a TV circa 1977 .
There ’s also the problem of bit rot .
As floppies , CDs , and cartridges age , holes show up in their data .
But getting the games onto stable media is only half the battle .
You still need to find devices that can access them .
Even big firms are nervous about sharing codes and production details of complex games , which can involve scores of patents .
Moreover , games for different consoles were sometimes written in different programming languages ; how do you make them universally accessible ?
“ It ’s not just a matter of being able to understand the bits , in terms of decoding them .
We also need a lot of documentation about the environment that the software is running in , ” says the University of Illinois ’s Jerome McDonough , who oversees the consortium .
One of the movement ’s goals is a sort of universal card catalog for software , which would allow any computer to access any game directly , no matter its origins .
The issue is time — funding for an effective preservation infrastructure is severely lacking , and it ’s hard to convince cash - strapped agencies that saving video games is worthwhile .
But Kari Kraus , a Maryland English professor and one of Kirschenbaum ’s collaborators , says that could soon change , because people tend to value art forms only after they ’ve reached maturity .
“ When you look at the public discourse around the novel in the 18th century , ” she says , “ it ’s amazing .
They thought of it as corrupting .
There ’s a long historical pattern of new media being seen as irrelevant or decadent , then finally getting legitimacy and being integrated into society . ”
Who knows ?
Two hundred years from now , Super Mario Bros. could be treated with as much respect as The Brothers Karamazov .
( Newser ) – Kathleen Sebelius would n't say when or how , but she had a singular message today on Meet the Press : " I think we 'll have the votes for comprehensive health reform . "
Politico reports that the secretary of Health and Human Services said that despite opinion polls to the contrary , " The American people are desperate for something to happen . "
Lindsey Graham tells
Face the Nation he 's “ getting a lot of grief , ” over his support for the White House 's move to shut Guantanamo .
“ But I will stand by my president to make rational detainee policy .
” On health reform , however , reconciliation " will be catastrophic . "
Tom DeLay was n't dancing around Jim Bunning 's filibuster , calling him " brave . "
" It did n't help the Republican cause because the Republicans did n't rally around him . "
Mitch McConnell backed away from the RNC plan to court donors based on fear , telling ABC's This Week that " I can't imagine why anybody would have thought that was helpful . "
He refused to call for RNC heads to roll .
Iran is descending into a " thugocracy , " David Petraeus tells CNN , and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is " our best recruiting officer . "
( Read more Lindsey Graham stories . )
Click to share on LinkedIn ( Opens in new window )
There is no " should "
Commutator Theory for
Congruence Modular Varieties Second Edition by Ralph Freese and Ralph McKenzie
This is the revised edition of our commutator book .
It was set into TeX through the efforts of Petar Markovic and the authors .
The goals of this edition are Correct errors ( dah )
Keep the theorem numbering as it was in the first edition .
So Lemma 5.2 will be the same in both editions .
This means that any additional theorems will either be at the end of the chapters , or be in a new chapter , or have a special number like 5.2A .
Add updated material , possibly adding some new chapters .
The manuscript , which has not yet been proofread and so should be considered a dynamic document , is available in pdf and dvi formats .
Both are hypertexted .
The Commutator Book in pdf format
The Commutator Book in dvi format Please let us know if you find any errors or misprints .
The manuscript , which has not yet been proofread and so should be considered a dynamic document , is available inandformats .
Both are hypertexted .
Please let us know if you find any errors or misprints .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Ferrari has replaced the engine in Felipe Massa 's car ahead of the season opening Bahrain Grand Prix .
Although it is only the first race of the year , Ferrari said that the power unit was displaying some worrying characteristics - so it decided to take precautionary measures and replace it .
A statement by the team said : " At 10 am , when the FIA rules allow to work on the cars , the mechanics started to work on the F10 # 7 , replacing its engine .
" This is a completely precautionary step : the engine , used by Felipe Massa up to the qualifying yesterday afternoon shows , some abnormal parameters , but can still be used on the track , according to the applicable rules , during free practice sessions .
" The decision , taken last night , will not lead to any sanctions for the Brazilian driver , who will start from the first row . "
It ’s not uncommon for interviewers to broach the subject of MMA with world - class boxing coach Freddie Roach , who has helped train several of the sports stars in recent years .
It ’s rare to get him to talk about the sport for the whole interview however , but that ’s just what Ron Kruk of HDNet has managed to do , and as always with Roach it ’s enjoyable to hear his thoughts .
First off Roach gave his impressions on some of the MMA fighters he has worked with .
BJ Penn : “ My first MMA fighter to train with was Penn .
Great guy , I think he ’s one of the best strikers I ’ve ever worked with …he can really punch . ”
Anderson Silva : “ I could n’t figure him out completely at first .
He is one of those guys , in the gym he goes at 30 to 40 percent , you know ?
He ’s just getting his timing , getting his thing going .
I had him spar with a couple of my guys , young heavyweights , and it was about even .
I said , uh , maybe he not as good .. maybe he should n’t fight Roy Jones , ” says Roach .
“ Then I watch him on TV and I said , you know what ?
That ’s a whole different guy .
Now ’s he ’s got his A - game , he ’s giving it 100 % on the TV fight .
I see him measure people , set things up .
He ’s a very intelligent guy , he knows distance , he knows where his comfort zone is . ”
Andrei Arlovski : “ Andrei I liked a lot because he went from a ground guy to a stand up guy , he loves stand - up .
I thought he could do well as a heavyweight . ”
Roach also mentioned several other fighters who he would like to work with one day .
GSP : “ GSP I ’ve never met , but I ’d like to work with him though , because he ’s a talented guy and he ’s a very intelligent fighter . ”
Fedor Emelianenko : “ Fedor , I would like to work with him .
His balance is not good – he ’s flat footed a lot and he ’s heavy – easy to box if you use in - and - out or side - to - side motion .
He can be outboxed but the thing is he ’s such a good puncher , you ’ve got to be careful of that .
And of course he ’s a Sambo guy as well so he does have a good ground also .
He ’s one of the most complete fighters out there . ”
In the wide - ranging interview Roach also admitted there was no doubt that it was tougher to switch from boxing to MMA than the other way around since boxers had no previous experience of fighting on the ground , and mixed martial arts is a more complicated sport .
“ Boxing is a fight , it ’s a complicated sport on it ’s own , but then you take the ground game into effect also , and you ’ve got to learn like five different sports to be good a good MMA fighter , ” he says .
When asked which boxer he believed would have the best chance in MMA he suggest a fighter he trains , Manny Pacquiao , since he believed he had the speed and movement to keep out of danger , and noted that the pound - for - pound great had some muay - thai experience .
As for who hit harder , a boxer or an MMA fighter , Roach was certain it is the boxer since they train exclusively with their hands .
Finally he was asked which sport had the brighter future .
“ I think that in about 10 years – if everything keeps going the way it is – boxing ’s going to decline a bit with the audience , and MMA ’s going to have that young audience .
I think the boxing promoters have really lost sight of entertaining the people . ”
Be sure to watch the full interview below to hear more of Roach ’s thoughts on the sport .
—
WASHINGTON : Republican leaders have sought to distance themselves from a strategy document that portrayed Barack Obama as the Joker from Batman and the senior Democrat Nancy Pelosi as Cruella de Vil from 101 Dalmatians , while mocking big - ticket party donors .
The 76 - slide PowerPoint presentation , apparently shown to a select group of party backers at a $ US2500 ( $ 2775 ) a head dinner in Florida last month , suggested the Republicans ' best bet was to embrace a negative campaign that suggested the Democrats were steering America towards socialism .
It called on party marketeers to exploit '' extreme negative feelings ' ' against the Obama administration .
But the document , leaked to the news website Politico , also made cynical references to the Republicans ' wealthy ' ' ego - driven ' ' donors who , it suggested , could be stroked with offers of access to party heavyweights and '' tchotchkes ' ' ( a Yiddish word for tacky trinkets and toys ) .
'' What can you sell when you do not have the White House , the House [ of Representatives ] or the Senate … ?'' one slide asks .
'' Save the country from tending toward Socialism ! ''
Pictures of Mr Obama , Mrs Pelosi and the Democrats ' leader in the Senate , Harry Reid , who is portrayed as Scooby Doo , were presented under the headline '' The Evil Empire ' ' .
A global analysis of clean energy investment has found that Australia ranks 14th on the list of G20 countries , behind Mexico and Turkey .
The US - based Pew Foundation study found China was the biggest investor in projects such as renewable energy plants - including solar and wind - investing $ 34 billion last year .
Australia invested $ 1 billion , which is up by 50 per cent on 2008 , while the United States spent $ 18 billion .
John Connor from the Climate Institute says the Federal Government needs to drive greater investments in projects like renewable power .
" It 's a tragedy that we have got such rich resources in renewables in solar , wind , biomass , waves - you name it , " he said .
" But without clear directions , and the course of the political squabbling that we 've seen , we 're not seeing that investment come forward .
" We need a limit in price on pollution and we need other incentives as well . "
Globally clean energy investments have increased by 230 per cent since 2005 .
Renewable power produces 6 per cent of global energy needs .
Silvio Berlusconi , who voted in Milan , has fared better than expected The coalition of Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has made strong gains from the centre - left in regional polls .
Mr Berlusconi's alliance won six of the 13 regions where voting took place , final results show .
It previously controlled only two .
The gains came despite a series of recent personal and political scandals involving the prime minister .
The Northern League , a federalist party that opposes immigration , took two regions for the first time .
Officials said turnout had been low by Italy 's standards - about 64 % , eight percentage points down on the previous regional elections .
Electorate ' disaffected '
Mr Berlusconi said the vote was a recognition of the government 's work , and the result would encourage " the reforms needed to modernise and develop our country " .
Centre - left leader Pier Luigi Bersani said his Democratic Party would offer support for policies that offered " real solutions " to problems that mattered to Italians , but would otherwise would provide " firm opposition " .
Among the victories for Mr Berlusconi's People of Freedom ( PDL ) party and its allies were two extremely close contests in Rome 's Lazio region and in northern Piedmont .
REGIONAL POLL RESULTS PDL wins : Lazio , Calabria , Campania , Lombardy Northern League wins : Veneto , Piedmont Centre - left wins : Basilicata , Emilia Romagna , Liguria , Marche , Puglia , Tuscany , Umbria
Regional poll boosts Berlusconi ally The Northern League - which is allied with the PDL - won in Veneto , as expected , as well as securing the governorship of Piedmont .
It also narrowed the gap on the PDL in Lombardy , the region that includes Milan and Italy 's economic heartland .
League leader Umberto Bossi pledged to secure more powers for Italy 's wealthy northern regions following his party 's gains .
" The left no longer exists in the north , " he said .
The vote leaves the opposition centre - left in control of seven of the 13 regions , down from 11 .
The turnout - the lowest in 15 years - was a clear sign that Italian voters were disaffected with politics , Interior Minister Roberto Maroni said on Monday .
" We should see to it that participation is stronger in the next elections in three years , " he said .
Mr Berlusconi had already suffered a turbulent 2009 , marked by allegations about his friendship with a teenage model and about escort girls attending parties at his residences .
His wife also filed for divorce , and he suffered a broken nose when a man threw a model of Milan cathedral at his face .
Last week , Italian media said the prime minister was being investigated for allegedly trying to pressure the communications watchdog to block state TV chat shows critical of his government .
Some 41 million Italians - two - thirds of the population - were eligible to vote in the election .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In the resource depletion soup , one ingredient looms large – social equity .
Equality is a function of population , social status aspirations and resources .
With a small population , everyone can have reasonable equality .
With unlimited resources , the same ( although the amplitude generated by law of large numbers will exert outsized social pull from the top ) .
But with large populations AND limits to resources , equity can only be reasonably attained if the activities that generate rank are not resource intensive .
Via globalized markets , the cross border pursuit of profits has gradually morphed into a cross border pursuit of goals - money has become a global proxy for power and thus for status and money ( profits ) is a resource intensive international goal .
Tonight 's campfire takes yet another look at one of my oft - written about oildrum topics : how we compete for social status while facing limits to growth .
" Wealth - any income that is at least one hundred dollars more a year than the income of one 's wife 's sister 's husband . "
H. L. Mencken
Between at least Jason and myself , there have been over a dozen posts on TheOilDrum relating to status , resource competition , being happier with less , and changing societal carrot away from Veblen goods and conspicuous consumption .
It seems a general theme is that once basic needs are met , relative status matters much more than absolute .
I apologize I can't neatly compress all this into a concise post , but here 's an update : ( and here is a primer on the Psychological Roots of Resource Overconsumption , itself in need of an update ) .
In a new study on the rank income hypothesis a team led by psychologist Christopher Boyce studied over 80,000 people , their incomes , and overall life satisfaction .
The researchers found that the ranked position of an individual ’s income predicted life satisfaction , whereas absolute income and reference income had no effect .
This should be no surprise to any biologist familiar with the concept of relative fitness or sexual selection , but zero of the 30 references in the paper referenced biology or any of the evolutionary explanations of our neural penchant to compare ourselves to others .
Our study underlines concerns regarding the pursuit of economic growth .
There are fixed amounts of rank in society — only one individual can be the highest earner .
Thus , pursuing economic growth , although it remains a key political goal , might not make people any happier .
The rank - income hypothesis may explain why increasing the incomes of all may not raise the happiness of all , even though wealth and happiness are correlated within a society at a given point in time .
Although general intuition tells us that having a good social standing makes us feel good , the idea that a good reputation is a ' reward ' just like money has long been just an assumption .
Recent neuro - imaging experiments however have shown that both reputation / rank and monetary rewards are processed in the same brain region - the striatum .
" We found that the brain reacts very strongly to the other players and specifically the status of the other players , " Zink says .
" We were n't expecting that profound a response , " she adds , noting that the subjects seemed to be concerned with the hierarchy within the game even when it was of no consequence to how much money they could make .
These types of economic studies showing that relative vs absolute levels of consumption / wealth are potent drivers have been studied for a long time , since the Easterlin Paradox became a hot topic in the 1970s .
One example was economist Robert Franks simple study asking people if they would prefer living in a 4,000 square foot house where all the neighboring houses were 6,000 square feet or a 3,000 square foot house where the surrounding houses were 2,000 square feet – the majority of people chose the latter – smaller absolute but higher relative size .
Though high perceived relative fitness is a powerful behavioral carrot for individuals , the inevitable resulting inequality has pernicious effects on societies : eroding trust , increasing anxiety and illness , and excessive consumption .
Health steadily worsens as one descends the social ladder , even within the upper and middle classes .
These are just some examples of the growing research highlighting not only that we care enormously about our social pecking orders but the wider the variation in rank the worse of we are .
Is it an advantage to live in a light blue state ?
( GINI in graphic is GINI * 100 )
The GINI coefficient is a measure of wealth or income equality - a GINI of 1 means one person has all the wealth and everyone else has nothing - a GINI of 0 means everyone has the same wealth .
In addition to having an interest in this type of research , I also happen to experiencing it in real time .
I make less money now than I have in 20 years ( actually I make no money and am drawing down savings and at this pace I estimate I 'll go broke in September of 2016 ) .
But this would just be broke financially - I 'm now surrounded by a social group that cares about non-pecuniary pursuits and accomplishments .
Sure - none of us are starving or broke , but the day to day pressure of keeping up with the Joneses by getting on the financial / Veblen good treadmill are absent in my geographic circle .
Jones lives in my neighborhood as well , but his signals are absent .
( I remember sitting in a cubicle with 10 other guys at Salomon Brothers 11 hours a day cold calling billionaires .
The neural correlation between ' rank ' and ' money ' was about 99 % back then .
The main lessons I learned then were a ) the wealthy were no happier than the clerks processing their trades , b ) status and wealth were cumulative but the dopaminergic reward pathways reset every morning and c ) those who achieved power and status would not give it up without an intense fight . )
In a society with significant overall surpluses , people who actively lower their own economic and ecological footprint might get by very well , because their relative status - which is typically above average - allows them to make those reductions without reaching limits that compromise their well - being .
These people have an opportunity to redefine what sort of ‘ capital ’ we compete for – as they allocate time and resources away from financial marker capital and towards social , human , built and natural assets .
These people above the median in social status can make better choices for their own lives , though in the end the odds are that what we compete for will not change by volition but by circumstances .
And , on the flip side of the ' less - is - more ' bandwagon , is the fact that biological organisms , including and especially humans , always consume surplus resources ( Maximum Power Principle and all that . )
Total equality in resource use is as much of a myth as a benevolent dictator telling us our optimal allocations .
We will always seek status and have social hierarchies in human society .
And higher ranking males and females , on average , will have higher respect , admiration and as a consequence , higher / more mating opportunities , consistent with the evolved raison d'etre of rank .
In my career as a trader and consultant , I often witnessed that the seemingly most unacceptable solution ended up being the best .
Perhaps the fact that 80 % of resources are being consumed by 20 % of the people would be improved in aggregate if we went towards less equality and had 90 % of resources consumed by 10 % of people , as long as it killed the aspiration of others towards conspicuous consumption ( well , it might not kill the aspiration , but perhaps the means ) .
Although I understand the academic arguments of both sides and the historical importance of equality , I sometimes wonder if pursuing a blanket policy of more equity would be worse for the planet .
Certainly it would if economic growth continues as an objective as many more people are joining the party very late in the game .
In any case , unless we first understand and then integrate demand side constraints such as the ' rank income hypothesis ' into our policies , culture and institutions , sustainability will be another receding horizon .
Finally , the biggest aspect of ' rank ' that concerns me now is the large swaths of demographics that are in fear of their social rank vis-a - vis their fellow Americans ( or Earthlings ) changing due to new political rules , bailouts , regulations etc .
I do n't agree with what our government is doing right now either , but I wish people that respond to change like Tea -Partiers or health - care rioters , etc. would understand the broader backdrop of our running into exponential growth limitations will require across the board sacrifice and reduction of living standards in aggregate .
Unfortunately , without this knowledge of ecological limits , all sacrifice and lower living standards , both within and between nations , are likely to be ' perceived ' as relative rank drops for those affected .
And we 're already seeing hints of the likely responses .
Our government ( and others ) continue to at least attempt to level the playing field via what can best be described as stealth nationalization .
Increasingly the government trough is making up a larger % of the feedlot , both on the wage side and on the debt side .
At each new turn however , spreading the social equality safety net wider is taking another hefty chomp out of our currency and sovereign health .
What I had n't realized before but that is taking on increasing relevance , is that the coming debt deflation and currency reforms are likely to automatically lower the GINI , as significant paper wealth will eventually disappear .
Instead of viewing currency reform and a reshuffling of claims as either inevitable and / or frightening , perhaps we can come up with a creative , not - too - disruptive plan where financial descent is paired with aspiration descent so that energy descent is more manageable .
I do n't know but am open to suggestions .
===========================================================================================
Campfire Questions
1 . How can we use our increasing understanding of status , resources , and the neuroscience of human behavior to influence / create a more benign future ?
2. Competition with con-specifics is part of our heritage .
But so is cooperation and empathy .
What level of wealth disparity would be healthy and / or tolerable for future of US society ?
Might less equality be a good thing ?
3 . How might the debt / financial crisis be an opportunity towards making headway on issues of social equity , both within the United States , and between the United States and other , less well off countries ?
4 . Any good ideas on how to change our status / aspiration metric away from conspicuous consumption ?( this has been asked before but is important enough to throw out to this lateral thinking crew , on occasion ) .
5 . Can you think of creative ways to downsize your own aspirations by changing social groups ?
Answer any / all you 'd like to .
I 'll kick off the discussion by quoting from one of Herman Daly 's guest posts on theoildrum , on this same topic .
Limit the range of inequality in income distribution — a minimum income and a maximum income .
Without aggregate growth poverty reduction requires redistribution .
Complete equality is unfair ; unlimited inequality is unfair .
Seek fair limits to the range of inequality .
The civil service , the military , and the university manage with a range of inequality of a factor of 15 or 20 .
Corporate America has a range of 500 or more .
Many industrial nations are below 25 .
Could we not limit the range to , say , 100 , and see how it works ?
People who have reached the limit could either work for nothing at the margin if they enjoy their work , or devote their extra time to hobbies or public service .
The demand left unmet by those at the top will be filled by those who are below the maximum .
A sense of community necessary for democracy is hard to maintain across the vast income differences current in the US .
Rich and poor separated by a factor of 500 become almost different species .
The main justification for such differences has been that they stimulate growth , which will one day make everyone rich .
This may have had superficial plausibility in an empty world , but in our full world it is a fairy tale .
This image shows a smoothed reconstruction of the total ( mostly dark ) matter distribution in the COSMOS field , created from data taken by the NASA / ESA Hubble Space Telescope and ground - based telescopes .
It was inferred from the weak gravitational lensing distortions that are imprinted onto the shapes of background galaxies .
The color coding indicates the distance of the foreground mass concentrations as gathered from the weak lensing effect .
Structures shown in white , cyan and green are typically closer to us than those indicated in orange and red .
To improve the resolution of the map , data from galaxies both with and without redshift information were used .
The new study presents the most comprehensive analysis of data from the COSMOS survey .
The researchers have , for the first time ever , used Hubble and the natural " weak lenses " in space to characterise the accelerated expansion of the universe .
Credit : NASA , ESA , P. Simon ( University of Bonn ) and T. Schrabback ( Leiden Observatory )
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A group of astronomers , led by Tim Schrabback of the Leiden Observatory , conducted an intensive study of over 446 000 galaxies within the COSMOS field , the result of the largest survey ever conducted with Hubble .
In making the COSMOS survey , Hubble photographed 575 slightly overlapping views of the same part of the Universe using the Advanced Camera for Surveys ( ACS ) onboard Hubble .
It took nearly 1000 hours of observations .
In addition to the Hubble data , researchers used redshift data from ground - based telescopes to assign distances to 194 000 of the galaxies surveyed ( out to a redshift of 5 ) .
" The sheer number of galaxies included in this type of analysis is unprecedented , but more important is the wealth of information we could obtain about the invisible structures in the Universe from this exceptional dataset , " says co-author Patrick Simon from Edinburgh University .
In particular , the astronomers could " weigh " the large - scale matter distribution in space over large distances .
To do this , they made use of the fact that this information is encoded in the distorted shapes of distant galaxies , a phenomenon referred to as weak gravitational lensing .
Using complex algorithms , the team led by Schrabback has improved the standard method and obtained galaxy shape measurements to an unprecedented precision .
The results of the study will be published in an upcoming issue of Astronomy and Astrophysics .
To illustrate the different growth patterns of structures in the Universe , astronomers made computer simulations showing the evolution of the large - scale structure for two different cosmological models ; one corresponds to a dark - energy - dominated universe ( so - called LambdaCDM ) , the other to a Universe without dark energy ( so - called SCDM ) .
Credit : J. Hartlap ( University of Bonn ) .
Acknowledgment :
The simulations were created with Gadget - 2 ( V. Springel ) and depicted with IFrIT ( N. Gnedin ) .
The meticulousness and scale of this study enables an independent confirmation that the expansion of the Universe is accelerated by an additional , mysterious component named dark energy .
A handful of other such independent confirmations exist .
Scientists need to know how the formation of clumps of matter evolved in the history of the Universe to determine how the gravitational force , which holds matter together , and dark energy , which pulls it apart by accelerating the expansion of the Universe , have affected them .
" Dark energy affects our measurements for two reasons .
First , when it is present , galaxy clusters grow more slowly , and secondly , it changes the way the Universe expands , leading to more distant — and more efficiently lensed — galaxies .
Our analysis is sensitive to both effects , " says co-author Benjamin Joachimi from the University of Bonn .
" Our study also provides an additional confirmation for Einstein 's theory of general relativity , which predicts how the lensing signal depends on redshift , " adds co-investigator Martin Kilbinger from the Institut d'Astrophysique de Paris and the Excellence Cluster Universe .
In this illustration the NASA / ESA Hubble Space Telescope looks back in time to " map " evolving dark matter .
The dataset is created by splitting the background source galaxy population into discrete epochs of time ( like cutting through geological strata ) , looking back into the past .
This is calibrated by measuring the cosmological redshift of the lensing galaxies used to map the dark matter distribution , and putting them into different time / distance " slices " .
Credit : NASA , ESA , P. Simon ( University of Bonn ) and T. Schrabback ( Leiden Observatory )
The large number of galaxies included in this study , along with information on their redshifts is leading to a clearer map of how , exactly , part of the Universe is laid out ; it helps us see its galactic inhabitants and how they are distributed .
" With more accurate information about the distances to the galaxies , we can measure the distribution of the matter between them and us more accurately , " notes co-investigator Jan Hartlap from the University of Bonn .
" Before , most of the studies were done in 2D , like taking a chest X -ray .
Our study is more like a 3D reconstruction of the skeleton from a CT scan .
On top of that , we are able to watch the skeleton of dark matter mature from the Universe 's youth to the present , " comments William High from Harvard University , another co-author .
The astronomers specifically chose the COSMOS survey because it is thought to be a representative sample of the Universe .
With thorough studies such as the one led by Schrabback , astronomers will one day be able to apply their technique to wider areas of the sky , forming a clearer picture of what is truly out there .
Explore further Hubble Discovers 67 New Gravitationally Lensed Galaxies in the Distant Universe
Our incredibly efficient friends at Live For Films have drawn our attention to a theory , that Cinema Blend have come up with about a French Iron Man 2 promo video that the chaps at io9 posted .
Just after the main mini-interviews with the cast / director , there is an extract from the film , showing Tony Stark , walking through a French prison to a meeting with a captured Whiplash .
Just before the end ( 01:17 ) he walks past a prison jail cell housing a muscular , long - haired con ( check out the pic below ) .
Cinema Blend ’s theory is that this could be our first look at Chris Hemsworth as Thor .
The fact is that Thor almost certainly appears in the film .
Given Marvel ’s history of crossovers , and more to the point , given their pressing need to set up The Avengers , it ’s pretty safe to assume that Thor is going to crop up in some fashion .
Whether it ’s going to actually be a full on appearance , played by Chris Hemsworth , or something more subtle , like the Captain America ‘ cameo ’ in The Incredible Hulk is another matter .
The main obstacle to a full on Thor ( or Donald Blake ) appearance in the film , assuming it would fit the plot , would be scheduling .
Iron Man shot for an insanely long 15 week period , between 6th April and 17th July 2009 .
Meanwhile , Deadline Hollywood announced Hemsworth ’s casting on 16th May .
At the time of Deadline ’s announcement Marvel had n’t formally signed a contract with Hemsworth .
Assuming that the negotiations and due diligence took a month * , accounting for weekends , Hemsworth would have been contracted to Marvel from about 18th June .
A quick glance on IMDB Pro shows that principal photography had finished on Cabin In The Woods sometime before 12th June .
Availability certainly was n’t an issue .
If we assume Hemsworth is in the film , the next question is whether it ’s him in the clip .
This is actually pretty easy to answer ** – No .
Marvel may be new to the film industry , but they ’ve spent the last 70 years carefully managing their properties .
If it happens , Thor ’s appearance in the film is going to be an important moment .
It might happen after the credits , but it wo n’t just be an ancillary moment in a tracking shot .
Consequently , it ’s pretty safe to assume the chap in this video is n’t Chris Hemsworth .
Much as we ’d all like it to be .
* They could have taken a lot less , or a lot longer – there ’s simply no way of knowing short of Marvel or Hemsworth talking openly about it .
** This next bit is entirely my self - righteous , uninformed opinion .
I look forward to being proved wrong .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Photo : Rainforest Action NetworkRisking arrest , activists from the besieged Appalachian coalfield regions and their supporters from across the country have set up and locked themselves to two 20 - foot purple mountains majesties in front of Lisa Jackson ’s office at the EPA headquarters in Washington , D.C. , to call attention to her agency ’s mandate to enforce the Clean Water Act and halt the dumping of toxic mountaintop removal coal waste in our nation ’s waterways .
And Lisa Jackson tweeted :
People are here today expressing views on MTM , a critical issue to our country .
Theyre concerned abt human health & water quality & so am I
MTM , for the uninitiated , refers to mountaintop mining — Big Coal ’s term .
MTR , for untold thousands of Appalachian coalfield residents living with the daily reality of millions of pounds of ANFO explosives rattling their bones and house foundations , raining toxic silica and coal dust showers , contaminating their waterways and watersheds with toxic coal waste , and wiping out our nation ’s hardwood forests and adding to greenhouse gases , refers to mountaintop removal — and this should be in the EPA ’s terms and twitters , too .
What are we to do when Obama administrators are either too afraid to stand up to Big Coal or lack the resolve or administration support to simply do their jobs ?
Take EPA administrator Lisa Jackson .
After eight years of a Bush - era gag - order , Jackson has effectively reinvigorated her agency staff of 17,000 employees to protect air and water quality , prevent exposure to toxic contamination in our communities , and reduce greenhouse gases , according to their agency website .
And yet , not one of Jackson ’s top officials in D.C. or herself have made any effort to actually visit a mountaintop removal site before making life - threatening decisions .
Coalfield residents have politely invited , requested , asked , and begged for a Jackson visit as the EPA makes its decisions behind closed D.C. doors .
No doing .
In truth , Lisa Jackson and her EPA officials are simply too afraid of the Big Coal lobby and their bankrolled politicians — and do n’t feel the Obama White House covering their backs — to set a foot on the coalfield frontlines .
So , they talk — and wonderfully so — they twitter , they review , they assess , they release statements , and then they quietly let kinder and gentler mountaintop removal permits slide by while the assault on Appalachian communities continues .
Even the EPA ’s own officials have recently found “ toxicity levels as high as 50 times the federal guidelines in water downstream from mining operations ” in Appalachia .
But , according to Adora Andy , spokeswoman for EPA , today ’s protest “ is based on a fundamental misunderstanding of EPA ’s role . ”
Adora went on to explain that the EPA does not regulate the mining industry , but is only “ responsible for ensuring that projects comply with the Clean Water Act . ”
Except it ’s the mining industry that is n’t complying with the Clean Water Act .
She added , “ Instead of ‘ holding up ’ permits EPA is working with coal companies and the Army Corps to reduce the amount of waste dumped or the number of valleys filled . ”
And that ’s the kicker that Appalachia is expecting :
Now that the EPA has reportedly handed over 73 of the 79 massive mountaintop removal operation permits that were in advance review , the fate of the Appalachian health and well - being is now in the hands of the Army Corps .
Photo : Rainforest Action NetworkAnd here ’s the real fundamental misunderstanding : Mountaintop removal , which provides only 8 percent of our national coal production , is a needless crime — one of the most egregious human rights and environmental violations today .
If mountaintop removal waste - dumping operations are in clear violation of the Clean Water Act , as panels of scientists and the EPA and Jackson have noted , then MTR or MTM operations still remain in violation of the Clean Water Act , even if the EPA and Army Corp strike a compromise to reduce the amount of waste dumped .
Following a nearly 40 - year policy , Lisa Jackson thinks she can “ minimize ” and regulate the impact of mountaintop removal , despite the overwhelming evidence by a recent scientific study that , “ the science is so overwhelming that the only conclusion that one can reach is that mountaintop mining needs to be stopped . ”
Which brings us back to today , and the protesters risking arrest in front of Lisa Jackson ’s office .
They have no other choice to get Jackson ’s attention , and her twitter .
In the face of these blatant Clean Water Act violations , coalfield residents have come up to D.C. on their own dime with samples of toxic water and documented evidence of their communities contaminated with coal waste , panels of our nation ’s top scientists and water experts have proven the irreversible impacts of mountaintop removal mining on Jackson ’s jurisdiction over the waterways , and now a new study has even pointed to MTR ’s role in increasing greenhouse gas emissions — all part of EPA ’s self - proclaimed mission .
If Lisa Jackson wo n’t go and see this first hand in Appalachia , then the Appalachian coalfields are going to be planted , albeit two 20 - foot tripods , in front of the EPA .
According to Jackson ’s own website , “ She has made it a priority to focus on vulnerable groups including children , the elderly , and low - income communities that are particularly susceptible to environmental and health threats .
In addressing these and other issues , she has promised all stakeholders a place at the decision - making table . ”
I look forward to the day that she can twitter that same sentiment , from the Appalachian coalfields , not her D.C. office .
Photos of the action in D.C. can be seen here .
Many people completely overlook business cards when starting up their new company , mainly due to the capabilities of social networking on the world wide web .
However , traditional networking is still a very valuable source when looking for new customers and clients , and the best way to network in the " real world " is by word of mouth .
In most cases family members , friends and other members of the public forget about new start - up companies ( which is unfortunate ) , therefore they need something to remember you by .
You guessed it : a business card .
If you want potential customers / clients to hold on to your business card , it needs to stand out from the crowd ; it needs to be something special .
This amazing compilation showcases some of the freshest die -cutting trends used in business cards - so get your thinking cap on and start designing your business card now .
After all , it is likely the most powerful piece of card your company will ever see .
Square - Cornered Cards
These business cards are the same size and shape of common , standard - sized business cards but with a slight twist .
The die -cutting process has been used to cut shapes out of the business cards , making them much more interesting and appealing .
Optimum Fotography
Sevenwire
Zach Klein
Lisa Walker
Enzuvan
Sniff
Landology Group
Ordered List
Mar Hernandez
Bexmedia
Yoga One
Round - Cornered Cards
Rounded business cards are getting ever more popular .
It 's a reasonably - inexpensive way to add a completely new look and feel to your card .
Most print firms who print business cards on a regular basis offer round - cornered business cards for only a little extra compared to the price of standard , square - cornered cards .
Cream Soda
Chubby Cookies
Ryan Hicks
Vive Tile
M. Brady Clark
Base -10
Folding Cards
Adding a fold or two to your business cards is never a bad thing .
It allows your potential customers and clients to interact with the card , keeping them occupied with a product with your company name on it for a longer period of time .
A lot of folding cards also have the capability of being stood upright , meaning they can be propped up on your client 's desk .
The Look
Caddyshack Putters
Hungry Architect
Il Panza
Base One
Egil Paulsen
Nation Builder
Jubes
Rumble
Reactor
Unusually Shaped Cards
Although the following unusually shaped cards do n't have the same interaction level as folding cards , the odd and uncommon die - cut shapes of the cards often make potential customers and clients keep hold of them , even if it is just because they like your card .
Scottish Millionaires
Lipitty Doos Fresh Mints
John Trinh and Associates
Mineral Spring Water
Baba and Pongo
Dyalect
Bauerhaus Design
All Wellness
Slate Systems Radio
Whatsup Juggling
Antidote X
Trajectory
Pinkograf
Printed Proof
Retail Shop
JobSparx
Floressncia
Fabio Sanfilippo
Fufurufo
Du Bout Des Yeux
VS Gym
Business Card Showcases
If you 're new to scene of the online design community ( or happened to just miss these following posts ) , you may also be interested in some of these previous business card showcases .
Click on the image to view the animation
The Cassini orbiter has revealed many surprises within the Saturn system , including the possible presence of a ring of debris surrounding the ancient heavily cratered surface of Rhea , Saturn 's second largest moon .
Until now , no direct visual evidence of Rhea 's suspected ring has been detected .
This perspective view shows one of a series of relatively blue patches that form a very narrow band only 10 kilometers wide that straddles Rhea 's equator .
This view was created using stereo topography generated by Dr. Paul Schenk ( http://www.lpi.usra.edu/lpi/schenk/) of the Lunar and Planetary Institute in Houston Texas from Cassini imaging data returned in 2008 .
The bluish material is believed to be fresh ice reexposed when material from Rhea 's ring struck the surface along the equator , and is a target of investigation for the March 2 Cassini flyby of Rhea .
The smaller craters with the bluish deposits in the center of the frame are about 3 to 10 kilometers wide and less than one kilometer deep .
This view is looking toward the west along the equator .
The colors have been enhanced to highlight the color differences between these patches and the more typical cratered terrains of Rhea .
The raw data from which this product was developed were retrieved from the Planetary Data System 's Cassini archives .
The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA , the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency .
The Jet Propulsion Laboratory , a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena , manages the mission for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate , Washington , D.C. The Cassini orbiter and its two onboard cameras were designed , developed and assembled at JPL .
The imaging operations center is based at the Space Science Institute in Boulder , Colo . ( http://ciclops.org)
Data processing for this image was performed at the Lunar and Planetary Institute in Houston , Texas .
" The one thing you 're never going to hear is ' make the bad guys less interesting . ' "
I 'm sitting in an out - of - the - way room of Lucasarts with Daniel Erickson , who keeps swinging back to one topic : why the people we 've come to hate in the Star Wars universe act as they do .
He 's given this some thought ; as the lead writer on Star Wars : The Old Republic , the upcoming Star Wars MMO , it 's his job to help tell both sides of the story .
In our time together we discuss the extended universe , he makes the case for Grand Admiral Thrawn , and explains how the Jedi attempted genocide ... and why the Sith may just be right .
While we 're on the topic of the extended universe , he brings up the Thrawn trilogy by Timothy Zahn .
" Thrawn is a huge inspiration to me .
The insight into the people dealing with the heroes , " Erickson says .
He puffs out his chest slightly , and changes his voice to speak like Thrawn .
" Why are these people resisting order , and regulation .
The galaxy was at war — it was a horrid place before .
Is it really not enough to have order ?
You need everything ?
You 're acting like children ! "
In other words : who needs freedom when there is order ?
Another key note comes from the story of Exar Kun : " If you give brash young people almost god - like powers and ask them to behave ... you 're asking for problems .
You 're dealing with someone in their early twenties , who has never been able to be thwarted by anything , and you tell them not to play with these Sith artifacts — of course they 're going to think they can handle it . "
Erickson leans forward to make the point .
" You 're training children to deal with this power , and then demanding them to be incorruptible , and holding them to a standard that we do n't even ask from any of our own societies .
We looked at these issues and said , ' We could come up with an entire thematic run with this . ' "
Why the Jedi were wrong
The most important aspect in telling this story , in the era of the Old Republic , was to dive deeper into the world of the Sith .
" The thing that came up first was deciding how we were going to present the Sith and the Empire .
And then really spending the time to make sure we were creating people and a culture , not two - dimensional villains .
We had to start from the basics : why are they like this . "
There were hints of what happened between the Jedi and the Sith in the formative years of the Force .
While the Force itself always existed , learning how to use it , and how to train others to use it , took time .
" The Force was developed on Tython , discovered by these pre-Jedi philosophers .
They came into conflict about what it means and how it should be addressed . "
Erickson explains .
This conflict split the people in two .
" What the Jedi call the Dark Side , and what came to be known as the Dark Side , these people believed that life should be about emotion .
They believed you should be unrestrained , that the galaxy wants us to love and lust and kill and make art and cry and dream ... " he trails off .
I imagine him sitting on a throne , lightsaber under his right hand .
This conversation started as two Star Wars fans chatting about the expanded universe , but now I 'm starting to understand the draw of the Sith .
What happened to these hedonistic followers of the Force ?
" They get chased out of the galaxy .
In fact , in the lore , chased to the point where the Jedi believe they are dead .
This is very close to genocide !
The Jedi believe these people to be unredeemable . "
He points out that we 've only be presented one side of the story .
If you grew up among these people , you have a very different story .
" You know there is an Emperor , and that he saved your people 's very existence , and there is a society out there larger than you , who deemed your people and your religion not worthy to exist . "
The story is in good hands
We were given a hands - on with the game , but what Erickson said kept running through my head during GDC .
Did he really just convince me that the Sith were the good guys in all this ?
Growing up , being taught to understand and explore our emotions and passions , and then being told this monk - like order had hunted my people to near extinction ... it 's easy to see the attraction to taking up your blaster or lightsaber against their order .
In other words , to give into your hate .
When it comes to declared votes for or against the confirmation of Ben Bernanke , the Republican caucus in the Senate is currently mostly opposed .
This is really pissing off the Democrats , who feel like they are being made to take the fall for confirming Bailout Ben .
A senior administration official tells POLITICO 's Mike Allen :
" It 's amazing that Senate [ Republicans ] can barely muster a majority for a Republican who was named Time 's ' Man of the Year ' and who served in the Bush White House , was appointed to his current job by President George W. Bush and has the full support of the US Chamber of Commerce and Main Street American business .
And their main complaint is that he saved the world from what Jim Cramer has called the ' financial stone age . '
Is the minority leader Ron Paul ?
Someone 's learned the wrong lesson from the MA race and it's not President Obama . "
This is the kind of rhetoric we saw during the original bailout .
Lawmakers who opposed the TARP bill were accused of playing political fiddles while the economy burned .
The GOP leadership was criticized for allegedly failing to arrange things so that both parties would be equally to blame for the approval of the unpopular bailout .
Just hearing the return of the Irresponsibilty Narrative makes us think maybe voting against Bernanke 's confirmation is the right thing to do .
This insect spray is economical and environmentally safe for indoors or in the garden .
You can use it for soft bodied insects , such as aphids , and for little sugar ants .
To make the insecticidal soap spray , shave one quarter of a bar of Fels - Naptha laundry soap ( about 1 inch ) into 1 quart of heated water and stir until dissolved .
This will be your insecticidal soap concentrate .
Put the soap solution into a labeled jar .
To use the soap spray , put 1 teaspoon of concentrate per quart into a sprayer .
This insecticidal soap is a contact poison , so spray it directly onto the insects you want to eliminate from your home , garden or orchard .
For additional killing power , add one - quarter cup of rubbing alcohol per quart .
There are a many skater categories like figure skating , Artistic roller skating , Road skating , Snow skating ...
Skate are popular sport but also it is dangerous .
Skaters do many incredible moves , jumps ..
Many categories of skating are different , but only thing what 's connecting them is magical thing called skateboard !
These are really incredible skate wallpapers , i guess you will ...
There are a many skater categories like figure skating , Artistic roller skating , Road skating , Snow skating …
Skate are popular sport but also it is dangerous .
Skaters do many incredible moves , jumps ..
Many categories of skating are different , but only thing what ’s connecting them is magical thing called skateboard !
These are really incredible skate wallpapers , i guess you will love them .
These wallpapers were made by devianART members and i hope you will like them .
get your daily dose
Please Enter a Valid Email Address Please Enter a Valid ZIP Address
Evolution is evolving : 13 ways we must rethink the theory of nature
Global talks on the conservation of endangered species have rejected calls to ban international trade in bluefin tuna , raising new fears for the future of dwindling stocks .
Countries at the meeting of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( Cites ) in Qatar voted down a proposal from Monaco to grant the fish stronger protection .
The plan drew little support , with developing countries joining Japan in opposing a measure they feared would hit fishing economies .
It is understood that the UK , the Netherlands and possibly other European nations voted in favour of the Monaco proposal , against the EU 's official position .
Campaigners complained that debate on the fate of the Atlantic bluefin fishery was cut short and an immediate vote pushed through by Libya .
Seventy - two out of 129 Cites members voted against the trade ban and 43 voted in favour , with 14 abstentions .
Dr Sergi Tudela , head of fisheries at WWF Mediterranean , said : " After overwhelming scientific justification and growing political support in past months , with backing from the majority of catch quota holders on both sides of the Atlantic , it is scandalous that governments did not even get the chance to engage in meaningful debate about the international trade ban proposal for Atlantic bluefin tuna . "
The UK environment secretary , Hilary Benn , said : " As we have long argued , bluefin tuna must be afforded protection if we are to avoid losing it forever .
Today the UK has shown its commitment to bluefin tuna .
We are disappointed that proposals to list bluefin tuna on appendix I of Cites were defeated . "
Monaco introduced the proposal because it said only extreme measures can save stocks of the iconic migratory fish , which have fallen by 75 % due to widespread overfishing .
Only the United States , Norway and Kenya supported the proposal outright .
The European Union asked that implementation be delayed until May 2011 to give authorities time to respond to concerns about overfishing .
It 's official position was to abstain in the vote on the Monaco proposal .
Japan , which imports 80 % of Atlantic bluefin and had led the opposition to the ban , restated its position that Cites should not regulate tuna and other marine species .
It said it would accept lower quotas for bluefin tuna , but said they should come from the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas ( ICCAT ) , which currently regulates the trade .
" Japan is very much concerned about the status of Atlantic bluefin tuna and has been working so hard for many years to ensure recovery , " said Masanori Miyahara , of the Fisheries Agency of Japan .
" But our position is very simple .
Let us do this job in ICCAT , not in Cites .
This position is shared by majority of Asian nations . "
Tudela said : " ICCAT has so far failed miserably in this duty so every pressure at the highest level must come to bear to ensure it does what it should .
It is now more important than ever for people to do what the politicians failed to do , to stop consuming bluefin tuna . "
WWF said it would step up calls for restaurants , retailers , chefs and consumers around the world to stop selling , serving , buying and eating the endangered fish .
Monaco had said its proposal would not mean a permanent ban and that trade could resume once stocks recovered .
" This exploitation is no longer exploitation by traditional fishing people to meet regional needs , " Monaco 's Patrick Van Klaveren told delegates .
" Industrial fishing of species is having a severe effect on numbers of this species and its capacity to recover .
We are facing a real ecosystem collapse . "
The tuna defeat came hours after delegates rejected a US proposal for a Cites ban on the international sale of polar bear skins and parts .
The US argued that the sale of polar bears skins was compounding the loss of the animals ' sea ice habitat due to climate change .
There are projections that numbers of the bears , which are estimated at 20,000 to 25,000 , could decline by two - thirds by 2050 because of habitat loss in the Arctic .
" We 're disappointed , " said Jane Lyder , the Department of Interior 's deputy assistant secretary for fish and wildlife and parks .
" But we understand that Cites is still trying to understand how to incorporate climate change into its decision - making . "
Canada , along with Norway and Greenland , led the opposition to the US proposal .
They said the threat from trade was minimal and the hunting carried out by indigenous people was critical to their economies .
Only 2 % of Canadian polar bears are internationally traded and the country strictly manages the commerce , Canada said .
Nearly all of us root for fairness , not for our own sex .
– Nicholas Kristof
This comment enraged me so much that I went outside and started to kick small animals .
This consolidates my view that the Youtube servers should be set on fire and that no mention of the website be muttered afterwards .
A nutbag quotes some generic crap from the Bible and the ONLY voice of reason on the comment section of the video gets downvoted .
Earthquakes ?
Food shortages ?
They 're as common as political sex scandals .
The end of the world has happened so many times that when the time does actually come , we 'll all be inside playing computer games , watching reality TV shows and jacking off to soft porn .
Oh boy .
The man who brought us Sarah Paling - Around - with - Terrorists Palin and who has promised to take his ball and go home rather than work with the Democrats now thinks we should have some " civility in the health care debate " :
McCain noted that he has held thousands of town hall meetings during his long political career .
" The only thing I ask people to do is be respectful , " he said .
" There is a lot of anger and passion out there , " McCain said on CNN's " John King USA . "
" Let 's change that into a spirited and healthy respectful campaign season between Republicans and Democrats , liberals and conservatives .
Let 's really go at it , but let 's do it with respect , that 's the key to it . "
CNN did n't bother to mention in their Political Ticker that McCain defended Sarah Palin for her " reload " and political crosshairs Facebook posting .
McCain wrote it off as just typical political rhetoric .
Full transcript via CNN below the fold .
KING : As you just heard and if you 've been watching the past few days you know there is plenty of anger and name calling and even threats to members of Congress in the wake of the big health care vote .
So how do we get past this unhealthy debate ?
Senator John McCain built his reputation as a consensus builder .
He is here to go " One -on - One " .
Welcome .
SEN .
JOHN MCCAIN ( R ) , ARIZONA : Thank you , John .
Thanks for having me on your show .
KING : Welcome -- you 're welcome here .
I want to read you something -- these are your words from very early in the 2008 presidential campaign , " I 'm going to raise the level of political dialogue in America . "
As we try to get back , I assume you want to get back to a better place , a more civil debate , I want to give you a couple of examples that people say , some people say , are helping to stoke this environment and one is a map put up on her Web site by your running mate , Sarah Palin .
I know you 're familiar with this .
If you look over your shoulder here , you can see it .
She says it 's time to take a stand .
She said in a tweet " do n't retreat , instead reload . "
And you see those crosshairs .
Those are congressional districts where she thinks Democrats are vulnerable .
She could have used stars , Senator .
She could have used arrows .
She could have used points .
Crosshairs are something you have in the scope of a gun , is that beyond ?
MCCAIN : No , John , the rhetoric that we use in every day language about political campaigns , battleground states , it 's going to be a war , all of those things we have used for years and years .
They are in the crosshairs .
I have heard you use that language .
I have heard every commentator use that language .
The fact is this is a very emotional issue .
And people are very emotional --
KING : At a time when they are so emotional , should everybody -- should political leaders and people in my business maybe have a higher burden to step it back a little bit when you know the emotions are so wrong ?
MCCAIN : We should try to -- we should try to step it back , but when I 'm -- when we are passing legislation that is full of sleazy , sausage making deals that are special deals for special interests , whether it be the cornhusker kickback or the behind - the - scenes deal with pharma , of course they are going to be angry .
I 'm angry .
Now the question is do you turn that anger into voter registration and demonstrations and elections and ballot booths ?
That is what you have got to urge people to do , but I do n't -- I do n't begrudge people their anger .
We are talking about a passage of legislation which is going to lay another $ 1 trillion of debt on our kids and our grand kids .
Of course they are angry and frustrated .
KING : How do you throw the circuit breaker ?
Should a bipartisan group of people come out and say , look , we can fight about these things and we will fight about these things , but everybody needs to step back or do you just have to let it run its course ?
MCCAIN : I think that would be very helpful .
I say all the time and so do a lot of my colleagues say , look , we -- we are a nation that loves to have debates .
My favorite person I debated with and we would go nose - to - nose was Ted Kennedy .
We believed a fight not joined was a fight not enjoyed --
( CROSSTALK )
MCCAIN : But that -- it 's got to be carried on with respect and obviously , you do n't want things like , well , like in my campaign , when Congressman John Lewis compared my campaign to the bombing of a church in Birmingham where three young children were killed .
Now that happened during my campaign and he alleged that of me .
He has never apologized for it .
I think that 's kind of inflammatory .
KING : Let me show you something that others would find -- if you want to raise that example .
I want to show you when Congressman Steve King , a Republican from Iowa , if you look over your shoulder this way , this is him on the deck , wiping , some say slapping a picture of the House Speaker Nancy Pelosi .
Is that appropriate conduct ?
( CROSSTALK )
MCCAIN : Of course that 's uncalled for .
Of course that 's uncalled for , John , and we see from , you know the person that yelled " baby killer " , but I think that we 've got to urge everybody to be respectful .
That 's all we do .
I have town hall meetings all the time and the only thing I ask people to do is be respectful .
And I have had thousands of them .
And so we ought to urge everybody to be respectful of one another .
KING : How about showing an example ?
Your friend , Lindsey Graham , has said because of the poisonous health care debate , as he calls it , he does n't see any possibility for say bipartisan cooperation on immigration reform .
Right now , there 's a partisan divide over financial reform in the Senate .
Is there something out there where people can say , look we disagree on a lot of things ?
We might even have some policy debates here .
But look at us on this one , actually getting together .
Is there one on the horizon ?
MCCAIN : Afghanistan I think is a perfect example .
KING : Not immigration or financial reform though ?
MCCAIN : Well the problem is ( INAUDIBLE ) in all due respect bipartisanship , there 's been none .
They have taken their 60 votes and when they had 60 and the majority in the House and they 've rammed stuff through , the stimulus package , the budget , the omnibus spending bill and so any semblance of bipartisanship was not used by the majority .
I understand that , but that 's not changing Washington .
In fact , it is change for the worse .
KING : Another example coming up would be another extension of unemployment benefits and your Republican colleague , Tom Coburn says , look , I will vote for this but only if we offset the deficit spending .
We have got to find it somewhere else .
And he says if you do n't give him that offset that he will put a hold on this .
He will use his power to slow this debate down if not stop this debate .
Would you side with him in that or is this an issue on which you should not use those tactics , those levers at your disposal ?
MCCAIN : In the last year , we have increased the deficit by a couple of trillion dollars .
This year , we are going to have $ 1.4 trillion deficit , next year , $ 1.5 trillion deficit .
The people want us to stop the spending and they want us to pay for things .
The anger out there is at a lot of things but one of them is the generational theft we are continuing .
Of course , why can't we find some way to --
( CROSSTALK )
KING : -- the unemployment -- that would you support Senator Coburn or do you think it is the wrong -- on that particular issue because --
( CROSSTALK )
MCCAIN : Doing exactly the right thing to find ways to pay for it .
We have increased domestic spending by some 20 percent over the last year , while every state in America has had to tighten their belts and do incredible -- take draconian measures so can't we find a way to pay for these things ?
That 's all that Senator Coburn is asking .
KING : Let me ask you in closing , you are going to head home tomorrow , you 're going to be out campaigning with Sarah Palin .
( CROSSTALK )
KING : She 's coming to Arizona to help you .
You face a primary challenge , she is going to help you in your state .
Any talk while you 're out there campaigning , maybe ( INAUDIBLE ) get a role on her new reality TV show ?
MCCAIN : I 'd love it .
I understand that she is being well compensated , almost as well as you are for this new show .
KING : I think she might be getting a little bit more than me .
MCCAIN : Could I -- could I -- could I just go back on this ?
Yes , there is a lot of anger and passion out there .
Let 's translate that into a spirited , healthy , respectful campaign season between Republicans and Democrats , liberals and conservatives and that 's a message we want to give everybody and that is a message I want to give , too .
Let 's -- let 's -- let 's really go at it but let 's do at it -- do it with respect .
That 's the key to it and obviously , you and I have seen examples where that 's not the case and sometimes it has a bad influence on citizens who become too passionate .
And I decry it and I know you do and all of us do .
KING : Appreciate your time , Senator .
It was a hockey game for the ages .
Team Canada jumped out in front .
Team USA battled back to tie the game and send it into overtime .
Then the " Crowned Prince " of Canadian hockey , Sidney Crosby ended the game when he beat Ryan Miller about half way through the overtime period .
Stephen Harper could n't have written a better script .
The home crowd went home happy and Canadians get to have four more years of bragging rights about how they deserve accolades because the game of hockey belongs to them .
Oh well , at least the men's team had a bit more class than the ladies did as they saved their champagne sipping and cigar smoking for the dressing room .
The Hurricanes who participated in the Olympics fared very well .
Eric Staal won gold .
Tim Gleason won silver .
And Tuomo Ruutu and Joni Pitkanen brought home the bronze .
Each of them performed very well in their own right .
But Staal one - upped his teammates as the Hurricanes Captain earned yet another special honor in his relatively short career .
He is now the 23rd player in history to join the exclusive " Triple Gold Club " , a distinction players achieve after winning championships in the three most important tournaments in hockey : the Olympics , The World Championships , and the Stanley Cup .
Staal joins elite company with this latest achievement .
Other familiar names on the list include Joe Sakic , Peter Forsberg , Henrik Zetterberg , Jaromir Jagr , Nicklas Lidstrom , and Chris Pronger .
Now that the Olympics is over , it 's time to get back to NHL news .
The trade freeze will be lifted at midnight tonight and trade rumors are flying already .
( Aaron Ward to Ottawa ? )
We will be following everything as closely as possible here at Canes Country .
Congratulations to Team Canada for winning the title .
Also , congratulations to Team USA for surpassing all expectations and for almost winning it all .
The silver medal wo n't seem too bad after taking some time to heal , regardless of this tough loss .
Finally , congratulations to Team Finland for taking the bronze .
It is never easy to win a medal and all three teams deserve the honor .
Preliminary Design Of Free Electron Laser Weapon Completed
by Staff Writers
Albuquerque NM ( SPX ) Mar 19 , 2010
has successfully completed the preliminary design of the U.S. Navy 's Free Electron Laser ( FEL ) weapon system , a key step toward building a FEL prototype for realistic tests at sea .
During the preliminary design review held March 9 to March 11 at a Boeing facility in Arlington , Va. , the company presented its design to more than 30 U.S. government and National Laboratory representatives .
This electric laser will operate by passing a beam of high - energy electrons through a series of powerful magnetic fields , generating an intense emission of laser light that can disable or destroy targets .
" The Free Electron Laser will use a ship 's electrical power to create , in effect , unlimited ammunition and provide the ultra- precise , speed - of - light capability required to defend U.S. naval forces against emerging threats , such as hyper - velocity cruise missiles , " said Gary Fitzmire , vice president and program director of Boeing Directed Energy Systems .
" The successful completion of this preliminary design review is an important milestone in developing a weapon system that will transform naval warfare . "
In April 2009 , Boeing was awarded an Office of Naval Research contract valued at up to $ 163 million - with an initial task order of $ 6.9 million - to begin developing FEL .
The Navy is expected to decide this summer whether to award additional task orders to Boeing to complete the FEL design and build and operate a laboratory demonstrator .
Boeing Missile Defense Systems ' Directed Energy Systems unit in Albuquerque and the Boeing Research and Technology group in Seattle support the FEL program .
The company has partnered with U.S. Department of Energy laboratories , academia and industry partners to design the laser .
Boeing is developing laser systems for a variety of defense applications .
Besides FEL , these systems include the Airborne Laser Test Bed , the High Energy Laser Technology Demonstrator , and Laser Avenger , among others .
FAIRBANKS , Alaska — Alaska State Troopers needed just one traffic stop to make two arrests for drunken driving .
Troopers said a highway patrol officer arrested a 42 - year - old man for drunken driving after stopping him for speeding on Sunday .
A short time later , a 29 - year - old man arrived to take custody of the car .
The officer determined he had driven to the scene while drunk .
The Fairbanks Daily News - Miner reported that the second man also had an outstanding warrant for failure to report to jail from a prior DUI .
Both drivers were taken to the Fairbanks Correctional Center .
------
Information from : Fairbanks Daily News - Miner , http://www.newsminer.com
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Will Toyota 's problems hurt Honda ?
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Toyota 's recall problems could hurt more than its own reputation .
It may have damaged the valuable image of quality and dependability American buyers attribute to most Japanese car brands .
Many assumed that Honda Motor ( HMC ) and Nissan ( NSANY ) would be two of the bigger winners from Toyota 's well - publicized recall issues because many Toyota ( TM ) owners are used to looking at other Japanese brands before they buy .
While Edmunds.com forecasts that Toyota 's February sales will be down 10 % from a year ago , Honda , No. 4 in terms of U.S. sales , is forecast to be up 24 % while sales at No. 6 Nissan are expected to rise 38 % .
But those comparisons are to last February -- the worst month for auto sales since 1981 .
And most experts believe that potential Toyota customers are sitting on the sidelines rather than shifting brands .
But Honda and Nissan could suffer collateral damage if consumers no longer give Japanese cars the same deference as in the past .
It 's one of the reasons that many experts think domestic automakers such as Ford Motor ( F , Fortune 500 ) and General Motors and Korean automaker Hyundai Motor could be the biggest winners when the dust settles .
" Toyota is the flagship for products from Japan , " said Jeff Schuster , director of global forecasting at J.D. Power & Associates .
" It 's hard to document how much it could hurt the other Japanese brands , but clearly it has potential to ripple through . "
Figures from surveys conducted by Kelley Blue Book in recent weeks suggest that while current owners of Hondas and Nissans are staying loyal to those companies , fewer owners of other makes of cars would consider making a shift to Toyota 's Japanese rivals now than before the crisis .
Hwei-Lin Oetken , vice president of market intelligence at Kelley Blue Book said there have also been small declines in how consumers rate the safety of Honda and Nissan in the latest survey .
Adding to the reputation risk for Honda is its own safety recall of 438,000 cars in February related to problems in airbags , although that was far less extensive than the more than 8 million Toyotas that have been recalled .
Honda 's problems also received far less media attention .
Honda spokeswoman Christina Ra said Honda has n't changed its sales forecast due to the problems with Toyota .
She said all Honda can do is deal with its own recall and not worry about how it will be affected by problems at Toyota .
But she conceded it could have a negative impact .
" Something like this in the news would undoubtedly cause questions and concern among customers , " she said .
" Only time will tell how that will shake out . "
Nissan spokesman Fred Standish said he had n't seen the Kelley Blue Book survey results so he could n't comment on them , but he pointed out Nissan had record U.S. market share in January and is poised to report strong February sales .
" That 's where the proof is , not in survey results , " he said .
What makes the risk for the Japanese automakers greater is that the actual quality of the vehicles is now roughly the same as the quality of the two leading domestic brands , Chevrolet and Ford .
That was n't true a decade ago .
The J.D. Power initial quality survey found that for 2000 model year vehicles , Ford and Chevrolet vehicles had between 29 % to 42 % more problems than Toyotas and Hondas .
But for 2009 model vehicles , the gap is down to between 1 % and 4 % .
The recall crisis has the chance to " level the playing field a little bit more in perception , " said Schuster .
David Cole , chairman of the Center for Automotive Research , said without the recall crisis , many Americans would have gone on believing that this quality gap was still in place .
But the recalls took away much of the edge the Japanese brands had in the eyes of potential consumers .
" The perception - reality gap is now gone , " Cole said .
" When you lose that aura , the whole deck gets reshuffled . "
But others do n't believe Japan 's reputation for quality has been permanently damaged by Toyota 's recalls .
" We do n't think this is going to create a negative halo over the Japanese brands , " said Lonnie Miller , vice president of industry analysis for R.L. Polk .
" This is a big event right now , but I still believe that consumers have a short - term memory .
Only if this keeps going and going could I see the perception gap closing . "
Olympic , Olympiad , the Olympic rings , Faster Higher Stronger , and related marks and mascots are owned by the International Olympic Committee , the PyeongChang Organizing Committee of the Olympic Games and Paralympic Games , or their related entities .
This site is neither endorsed by nor affiliated with any of these entities .
Everyone loves a good love story , but when you ’re single or competitive , sometimes it ’s nice to hear a story about an epic romantic fail to help cheer you up .
That ’s why we ’ve decided to help brighten your Valentine ’s Day with this depressingly hilarious list of romantic misfires .
If you ’re alone on the holiday , it should help remind you that relationships do n’t always mean smooth sailing .
If you ’re in a relationship , these stories might just help you avoid tragic mishaps of your own .
Whatever your specific situation this year , have a happy Valentine ’s Day and try not to end up like one of these poor suckers .
Bottoms Up , Rings Down !
Putting a ring inside your girl friend ’s Wendy ’s Frosty may seem romantic , but when you and your friends encourage her to chug it , you might just ruin the surprise .
At least , that ’s what happened to Reed Harris , when his girlfriend , Kaitlin Whipple , opened up her gullet and downed the contents on her Frosty , only to see her cheering crowd suddenly go blank and look at each other with worry .
“ I felt nothing at all , ” she told Lauer .
“ I was racing my friends , so there was no way I was going to lose that competition . ”
That ’s right , Kaitlin drank her engagement ring and had to go to the hospital , where the ring was found via X -ray .
Reed proposed to Kaitlin with the X - ray image of the ring in place of the actual jewelry .
A few days later , with the help of plenty of fiber , the couple recovered the ring -- and promptly had it cleaned !
Source : MSNBC Image via Kaitlin's Website .
Try Chewing Next Time
Lest you think that Kaitlin is the only woman to have swallowed her diamond ring during an engagement proposal gone wrong , here ’s a proposal story that “ takes the cake . ”
Mr. Chen , a resident of China , thought it would be really romantic to bake his engagement ring into a cake to surprise his girlfriend .
Chen said he was inspired by romantic comedies he ’s seen , which always tends to be a bad start .
His girlfriend , Wen , was eating the cake when he bent down on his knee to propose , and then she suddenly passed out .
" I realized I had just swallowed the ring with a full mouth of cake , " she said .
Chen called the police who told him to visit the hospital , where they were able to use a catheter to remove the ring .
When Wen woke up , she promptly said yes .
Source : Ananova Image via Chotda [ Flickr ] ( not the actual cake in the story )
Leaves Your Emotions Soaring
Admittedly , giving your girlfriend a balloon and then having a ring fall out when you pop it is really romantic , but I ’m sure we can all see the infinite number of things that could go wrong through this method of “ popping the question . ”
Lefkos Hajji did n’t consider all those potential problems when he had a florist hide a ring worth over $ 1,000 inside a balloon .
Thought the florist warned him to hold on tight to the balloon , Lefkos lost the balloon moments after leaving the shop when a gust of wind tore it from his hands .
He claims he chased the balloon in his car for two days before he gave up hope .
" I just watched as it went further and further into the air .
I felt like such a plonker .
It cost a fortune and I knew my girlfriend would kill me . ”
While Lefkos may get a lot of points on the romantic scale , his inability to see the obvious dangers in this plan indicate that he may be a little short on the intelligence side .
Evidence that his IQ is lower than the average bear is even stronger when you consider that the girl he is so in love with , presumably for her kindness and lovingness , refuses to speak with him until he gets her a new one .
Personally , I would laugh and feel bad if my boyfriend did something like this .
Of course , I think if he were to come up with a plan like this , he ’d have an easy work around to prevent the danger from ever happening .
-- For example , this all could have been avoided if Lefkos put a note that said “ will you marry me ” in the balloon and then handed the girl the ring when she read the note .
It ’s just as sweet , not as dangerous .
Source : The Sun UK Image via Kaptain Kobold [ Flickr ] ( not the balloon in the story )
Rejection is Better In Private
I ’ve always thought that if you were going to ask a girl to marry you in front of a massive audience , you ’d better know she ’s going to say yes .
In this situation , even if the girl says yes , you still ca n’t be sure she actually meant it when she had that much pressure on her to agree .
Of course , not every girl will say yes no matter how much she feels pressure , as seen in the video above , where a woman rejects her prospective husband in front of a full arena and tv cameras .
Video link
The Rejection Should Not Be Televised
Like women swallowing wedding rings , rejecting potential spouses in public is not entirely uncommon .
This woman ’s face tells the answer before he even asks .
This could have been a really romantic moment of television , but when the girl ’s obviously not into it , the result is just plain awkward … not to mention painful .
This could n’t have been good for the show ’s ratings .
Video link
Keep Your Feet On The Ground
Sometimes all it takes for a proposal to go wrong is a little too much romance .
When one man proposed on top of a steep hiking trail , the girl was so excited that she managed to fall off the cliffs after excitedly saying yes .
She dropped ten feet off a steep rockface ( like the one seen above ) and went unconscious after hitting the ground .
Luckily , park police were able to fly her out of the area with a helicopter and none of her injuries were life - threatening .
Source : NY Daily News Image via Sharron McClellan [ Flickr ]
You Have The Right To Be An Idiot
It ’s generally not a great idea to use government resources to scare the hell out of your girlfriend just so you can pop the question , but Baltimore State Delegate Jon S. Cardin is far too much of a risk - taker to heed such common sense .
As such , he thought it would be a great idea to borrow a friend ’s yacht and then convince local , on - duty police to raid the vessel with both boats and a helicopter , all in a strange , elaborate method of proposing to his girlfriend .
Officers searched the boat and Megan Homer thought she was about to be handcuffed when Jon bent down on one knee and asked for her hand .
Unfortunately for Mr. Cardin , officials for the Baltimore Police Department asked for his explanation .
The officials were furious to hear about such an abuse of police resources when the city was already strapped for resources and police were in short supply even at dangerous crime scenes .
Anthony Guglielmi , the Police Department 's chief spokesman , stated " The Police Department is not in the business of renting out the helicopter and the boats for bachelor parties and birthdays .
We 're in the business of upholding public safety in Baltimore . "
When Cardin actually addressed the public about the matter , he claimed the police performed a “ routine safety check , ” and left out the part about the helicopter .
At least he promised to reimburse the city for any expenses related to the proposal .
Source : Baltimore Sun Image via Chris Hau [ Flickr ]
Do n’t Kiss Someone To Deaf
Marriage proposals are not the only romantic gestures that go wrong of course .
Even something as simple as a kiss can go very , very wrong in some situations .
Take for example the Chinese woman who became partially deaf for two months after receiving a mind - numbingly passionate kiss from her lover .
Somehow the kiss created pressure build up in her head so severe that her right ear drum blew out , leaving it completely deaf .
" While kissing is normally very safe , doctors advise people to proceed with caution , " said the Chinese newspaper that originally covered the story .
Source : Reuters Image via Life Photographer Alfred Eisenstaedt
The Kiss Heard Round The World
Speaking of kisses that really make an impact , it ’s important to know the cultural implications of public displays of affection before you kiss someone publicly on stage .
Richard Gere learned this the hard way when he managed to piss off practically everyone in India by kissing the Celebrity Big Brother winner , Shilpa Shetty , on stage during an Aids awareness rally in New Dehli .
In India , it is considered obscene to publicly display any form of affection and Gere ’s kissing Shetty ’s hands and face were considered vulgar to those watching .
Some people were so incensed by his actions that they actually burned effigies of him on the street , while protesters in other areas shouted “ death to Shilpa Shetty . ”
Source : BBC
Only Some Things Are Forever
Getting a life - sized portrait of your wife and children tattooed on your back might not be on most people ’s to do list , but it most certainly displays a life - long commitment to your spouse .
Unfortunately for Alan Jenkins , his wife was most certainly not willing to return the favor .
While he was going through the 20 - hour long , $ 1500 process of a full - back tattoo , she was busy cheating with a man who was 10 - years - her - junior that she met at work .
Of course , Alan did n’t find out until after the tattoo was complete , " I had it because I thought we loved each other - I feel very betrayed . "
Strangely , he ’s decided to not have her image removed .
His wife , Lisa , tried to defend herself by saying she never meant to fall in love with fitness instructor Kaspars Gavars and that she never wanted Alan to get the tattoo in the first place .
Still , waiting for your husband to complete his tattoo before you tell him about your affair is pretty heinous .
This incident reminds me of the scene in “ Born In East L.A. ” where Cheech is told to remove the tattoo of a woman on someone ’s back .
Since he obviously can’t remove it , he draws devil horns and a mustache on the face .
Maybe Alan needs to see this movie for some ideas .
Source : Daily Mail UK
Passengers Only Beyond This Point
In olden times , it was ok to walk your sweetie all the way down the tarmac just to spend the most possible time together before kissing each other goodbye , but in the days of the TSA , it ’s not so simple .
Personally , I thought this was pretty common knowledge , but I guess I was wrong because apparently , because one man actually shut down a whole airport for five hours just to kiss his girlfriend goodbye .
The couple remains unidentified , but I ’m sure more than a few people at the airport wish they knew who was responsible for making every single passenger go through security a second time , delaying flights for hours .
The TSA agent that left his post , letting the man slip into the secure area undetected , was suspended on administrative leave .
Source : Reuters Image
Only Babies Can Go Naked and Shoot People With Arrows
One of the most frequent reasons men seem to get in trouble for romantic gestures is in a strange attempt to impress a girl .
While outrageous methods occasionally catch a woman ’s eye , many stupid ideas not only fall flat , but also result in arrests and mayhem .
James Miller is a perfect example .
This young Romeo had a bit too much to drink one night and decided that relying on cupid was n’t good enough to take his relationship to the next level -- instead , he decided , he needed to be cupid .
So he took the next logical step and jumped onto the field of a soccer game dressed in only his boxers , shooting roses from an arrow at the crowd of entertained onlookers .
Naturally , he was arrested , fined and banned from any further soccer games for the next three years .
Unfortunately for Miller though , his girlfriend , Jade Thompson , had quite the opposite reaction to his stunt and dumped him shortly after the incident .
To make matters worse , since he ’s in the military , his superior officers warned that he may even be court - martialed for the stunt .
" That sort of behavior always seems to work some romantic magic in the movies .
Now I have no girlfriend and no job , ” he explained outside of a courtroom hearing .
Source : Telegraph UK
Crime Does n’t Pay or Get You Girls
What could be worse than streaking along a soccer field to impress a girl ?
Drunkenly stealing a plane and then crashing it into a soybean field .
Michael Santos had already lost his driver ’s license permanently , but that did n’t deter his desire to impress his girlfriend by showing her that he could fly a plane .
So , he drove her to the airport while drunk , broke into a plane and then managed to catch the wing on fire before he even reached the end of the taxiway .
He then missed a curve in the runway veered into a soybean field and cut up a bunch of the plants with the plane ’s propeller .
Police estimate the damage to be around $ 160,000 .
No word yet on whether his girlfriend actually stuck by him after this moronic stunt , but the fact that she got into the plane with her drunken boyfriend is a good indicator that she seems to lack common sense enough to dump him for this .
Source : MSNBC Image via Cranky Guy Media [ Flickr ] ( not the actual plane involved )
Do n’t Flash Cash You Do n’t Have
The spirit of capitalism is alive and well in China , or at least when it comes to trying to impress women .
A man in the Heilongjiang province was arrested last year after trying to impress his girlfriend by depositing a 250 million yuan ( $ 36.5 million ) check into his bank account .
The only problem , the check was a fake and he bought it only so he could look cool by depositing it in front of her .
I ’m sure you can guess what happened afterward ; bank clerks knew the check was fake and called the police and the man was arrested .
He immediately confessed that he bought the fake check for the sake of impressing his lover .
The moral here is it ’s better to be poor and honest than truthful while under arrest .
Source : China Daily
What about you readers ?
Have any love stories from hell , or know someone else that does ?
Do share .
In southern Afghanistan 's Helmand Province , Thousands of American , Afghan and British troops entered Marja in the biggest offensive of the war , with the goal of destroying the Taliban 's largest haven and restoring government presence in southern Afghanistan .
Resistance was sporadic and fierce as troops seized positions around the area .
Stricter combat rules and a concerted effort by the Afghan government and NATO forces were aimed at not only protecting the civilian population , but planning for the aftermath , building infrastructure , support and trust in an area long dominated by the Taliban .
Collected here are images of the country and conflict over the past month , part of an ongoing monthly series on Afghanistan .
( 43 photos total
A quarter of flights from Charles de Gaulle airport have been cancelled
Flights have been cancelled at the two main Paris airports as French air traffic controllers begin a five - day strike over job loss fears .
Half of the flights in and out of Orly airport have been cancelled , while one in four from Charles de Gaulle have also been pulled from the schedules .
Staff are protesting over a deal agreed by six nations to modernise air traffic control that they say will cut jobs .
The strike is taking place during a school holiday in France .
Analysts said union leaders were also hoping to put pressure on President Nicolas Sarkozy 's government ahead of regional elections next month .
The deal to modernise air traffic control was recently signed by France , Germany , Belgium , Luxembourg , the Netherlands and Switzerland .
Under the plans , the six nations will increasingly integrate their air traffic control services .
Air France says that none of its long - haul flights have been affected .
While this subject has been discussed on this site previously , in light of the looming Senate vote and my recent announcement to only accept my district 's median household income for my congressional salary , and to make a charitable donation to local non-profit hospitals , I 'd like to review this subject once more .
For more details , please read my health care plank , and to completely debunk the incumbent 's claim that health care legislation is constitutional , please read “ To Nancy Pelosi on Health Care – Are YOU Serious ? ”
In the Bill of Rights of the Soviet Union , they were honest about health care it states that “ citizens of the USSR have the right to health protection . ”
This document also stipulated Soviet citizens have the “ right to work ” not longer than 41 hours in a workweek , the “ right to rest and leisure , ” the “ right to education , ” the “ right to enjoy cultural benefits . ” ( Source )
To find out how well this worked out for the Soviets , try reading Dr. Yuri Maltsev 's article “ What Soviet Medicine Teaches Us . ”
Even today , Russia 's life expectancy for males is just 59 years , while in the US it is 73 years .
Besides lowering life expectancies under their totalitarian regime , the Soviet Union had it all wrong of course .
Health care is not a right .
You have a right to breath because air is abundant on our planet – there is no scarcity of it .
Although your life is extremely scarce – there is only one of you – you do have a right to your life – to suggest otherwise is slavery .
You have a right to your property – to suggest otherwise is theft .
You have a right to freedom of expression and to believe what you wish – to suggest otherwise is tyranny .
However , people must pay for things like health care or food .
Does a starving man have a right to enter a supermarket and eat whatever he wants ?
Health care providers have bills to pay and families to support , just as you do .
If there is a “ right ” to health care , then you must have the ability to force health care providers to serve you .
Therefore health care is a privilege .
Health care is a good and a service that everyone pays for .
All the current health care bill does is use the government as an intermediary to exert force directly on health care providers ( and employers ) to serve you .
The current bill is a TAX and government interventions in labor “ laws ” will force the poor and needy out of their jobs as Eric Staib predicts here .
To alleviate the pain of the starving and those without adequate medical care , we must turn not to the federal government but instead to ourselves .
To share food and medical care by your own free will is charity .
The government is not capable of charity because of the truth contained in these three words : GOVERNMENT HAS NOTHING .
Government can only redistribute hand - outs after first taxing and confiscating it from someone else .
Neither the President nor Congress can conjure up something from nothing , although politicians are quite good at making miracles seem possible .
( Cartoon courtesy Chan Lowe )
The more prosperous America is , the more wealth created , the better off the poor will be .
Plus they might even have jobs instead of a 22 % unemployment morass that the FED and the government has created by their actions .
Voluntary organizations on the local level is by far a better choice , and prosperous individuals are the most charitable .
Do n't rob others , but instead live by your principles .
As mentioned above , once I am elected to Congress , I have promised to take only the district 's median household income and donate the remainder to local non-profit hospitals .
However , the irony is my salary is paid by the taxpayer as well .
Like I said , government has nothing .
Do n't forget .
** Please also check out Judge Napolitano on The Glenn Beck Show here .
One of his guests , Dr. Salerno taught me a few seminars this past summer at Mises University – an excellent teacher !
A woman at the center of a legal dispute with her former partner defied a court order to give up custody of her 7 - year - old daughter on Friday , a lawyer said .
A judge in Vermont had ordered the woman , Lisa Miller , to turn over her daughter , Isabella , to Janet Jenkins at 1 p.m. at the home of Ms. Jenkins ’s parents in Falls Church , Va .
Ms. Miller did not show up with the girl , said Sarah Star , Ms. Jenkins ’s lawyer .
The Jenkins family called the police , and a detective is investigating , said Officer Tawny Wright , a Fairfax County police spokeswoman .
For the time being , Officer Wright said , the case remains a civil matter .
Ms. Miller and Ms. Jenkins were joined in a civil union in Vermont in 2000 .
Isabella was born to Ms. Miller through artificial insemination in 2002 .
The couple broke up in 2003 , and Ms. Miller moved to Virginia , renounced homosexuality and became an evangelical Christian .
It was announced today that EA Partners , an offshoot of Electronic Arts will be publishing Ron Gilbert ’s DeathSpank in conjuction with indie publisher Hothead Games .
The game will release later this year on PSN and XBLA .
Gilbert , the industry veteran behind the Monkey Island series , has been working on the game since 2004 and it has been “ described by top scientists as Monkey Island meets Diablo . ”
In the game , you ’ll play the titular DeathSpank ; Dispenser of Justice , Vanquisher of Evil , and Hero to the Downtrodden .
Press releases promise a swashbuckling adventure involving a mythical object known as ‘ The Artifact , ’ Thongs of Virtue , loads of looting , and Gilbert ’s trademark humor and wit .
You can check out all of the trailers and teasers at the official website and have a gander at some screenshots in the gallery below .
LAST week members of the Dutch parliament denounced the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change for including in its mammoth 2007 report the scandalous charge that 55 % of the Netherlands is below sea level .
This outrageous misinformation had been supplied to the IPCC by ... the Netherlands Environmental Assessment Agency , the Dutch government 's national institute for environmental planning .
In fact 26 % of the country is below sea level , with another 29 % merely " at risk of flooding " , according to a correction the Dutch agency has now published .
In an article in the Dutch magazine Vrij Nederland , agency official Joop Oude Lohuis does not quite make it clear whether his agency supplied the incorrect figure , or whether he thinks someone at the IPCC mistakenly added the two numbers .
A few weeks ago it was unearthed , to everyone 's great relief , that the IPCC report was wrong to have stated that the Himalayan glaciers might be gone by 2035 .
Since then the hunt has been on for errors in the report , and a number of accusations have followed .
According to the climate scientists at RealClimate , the incorrect Dutch sea - level statistic is the one that comes closest to being an actual error .
An assessment that rain - fed crop yields in some African countries " could be reduced by up to 50 % " is based on legitimate research , and is followed in the report by the qualifier that some other climate changes may be beneficial .
A claim that up to 40 % of the Amazonian rainforest could be subject to die - off due to relatively small changes in precipitation is similarly legitimate .
A chart showing economic damages from climate change should not have been included in the report 's supplementary materials , say the researchers whose work it is based on .
But otherwise they say the IPCC has accurately represented their work .
Increasing scrutiny has shown that there is certainly room for improvement and reforms at the IPCC .
But what we also see with several of these scandalous " errors " , is that the IPCC 's claims as reported by the mainstream media were often exaggerated .
For example , while I have a general sense of a few of the broad conclusions of the IPCC 's 2007 report ( like a sea level rise most likely around 30 centimeters by 2100 , though more recent research indicates it will probably be much more ) , I could n't name many specific details .
But I knew the IPCC had estimated the Himalayan glaciers would be gone by 2035 long before that estimate turned out to be false .
I knew this because the mainstream media had plucked that claim out and reported it widely , because it was so sensational .
It 's also perfectly understandable that elements in the report indicating very high possible levels of crop damage in certain African countries would be reported by the media without the qualifying considerations .
It would be routine and accepted practice for such an assessment to be reported in a wire - service story with the headline : " IPCC predicts 50 % crop reductions in Africa " .
The media like big numbers .
Reporters will naturally take a 3,000 - page report like that of the IPCC and skim through it , looking for affected populations over 1 billion , percentages over 50 % , and catastrophes occurring within the next 30 years .
The resulting picture in the media will exaggerate the results of the scientific research .
In some cases , scientists who work on climate - change issues , and those who put together the IPCC report , must be truly exasperated to have watched the media first exaggerate aspects of their report , and then accuse the IPCC of responsibility for the media 's exaggerations .
( An interview with Rajendra Pachauri , the chairman of the IPCC , can be found here . )
( Photo credit : AFP )
Peter Schiff is a well - known commentator appearing regularly on CNBC , TechTicker and FoxNews .
He is often referred to as " Doctor Doom " because of his bearish outlook on the economy and the U.S. Dollar in particular .
Peter was one of the first from within the professional investment field to call the housing market a bubble .
Peter has written a book called " Crash Proof " and a follow - on called " The Little Book of Bull Moves in Bear Markets " .
He is the President of EuroPacific Capital , which is a brokerage specializing in finding dividend - yielding , value - based foreign stocks .
So , after the Tories attempted to divert attention away from the Ashcroft affair with a crude assault on the trade union movement , today they find themselves back under the spotlight .
Papers leaked to the BBC show that William Hague was consistently kept informed about the negotiations of Ashcroft 's tax status and that he was " satisfied " with the final outcome in July 2000 .
All of which seems rather at odds with the shadow foreign secretary 's earlier claim that he only discovered Ashcroft 's non-dom tax status a " few months " ago .
Hague 's rather lame defence on the Today programme this morning was that he was not a " tax accountant " , and that as leader of the opposition he had " a thousand and one problems at a time " .
It may well be that , rather than engaging in an elaborate cover - up , Hague simply did n't realise that Ashcroft had wriggled out of paying his fair share ( again ) .
But neither option is particularly palatable .
If he did know , then he 's too wicked to hold office , and if he did n't know then he 's too stupid .
Chris
Huhne got it right this morning when he argued : " William Hague is not fit for any role in government , let alone that of foreign secretary . "
Hague 's importance to David Cameron cannot be overstated .
The Tory leader 's decision to appoint him as his de facto deputy in 2009 was a crucial move , designed to reassure the right of the party .
He is one of the five shadow cabinet ministers who will lead the Tories ' election campaign .
Hague must now show the sort of dignity that has been so lacking throughout this affair and resign his post .
Follow the New Statesman team on Twitter .
This is a letter professor Richard Lindzen of MIT sent to the Boston Globe and was published today .
It is well worth the read .
KERRY EMANUEL’S Feb. 15 op - ed “ Climate changes are proven fact ’’ is more advocacy than assessment .
Vague terms such as “ consistent with , ’’ “ probably , ’’ and “ potentially ’ ’ hardly change this .
Certainly climate change is real ; it occurs all the time .
To claim that the little we ’ve seen is larger than any change we “ have been able to discern ’ ’ for a thousand years is disingenuous .
Panels of the National Academy of Sciences and Congress have concluded that the methods used to claim this cannot be used for more than 400 years , if at all .
Even the head of the deservedly maligned Climatic Research Unit acknowledges that the medieval period may well have been warmer than the present .
The claim that everything other than models represents “ mere opinion and speculation ’ ’ is also peculiar .
Despite their faults , models show that projections of significant warming depend critically on clouds and water vapor , and the physics of these processes can be observationally tested ( the normal scientific approach ) ; at this point , the models seem to be failing .
Finally , given a generation of environmental propaganda , a presidential science adviser ( John Holdren ) who has promoted alarm since the 1970s , and a government that proposes funding levels for climate research about 20 times the levels in 1991 , courage seems hardly the appropriate description – at least for scientists supporting such alarm .
Richard S. Lindzen
Cambridge
The writer is Alfred P. Sloan professor of atmospheric sciences at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Mercadeo Paginas Web
Diseño Gráfico Publicitario Nuestro servicio integra los principios del diseño con la estrategia publicitaria y la tecnología digital para encontrar nuevas formas de transmisión de su mensaje .
Desarrollo de Scripts y Aplicaciones Online Ofrecemos una variedad de servicios para aumentar , desarrollar , administrar y mantener mejor su información en Internet .
Tenemos personal capacitado e idóneo en lenguajes de programación : PHP , Java , ASP .
Net , SQL ..
Social Media Marketing SMM
Llegue a sus clientes actuales a través de las redes sociales en Internet que forman parte de su vida cotidiana .
Conéctate con nuevos clientes .
Cree reconocimiento de marca .
Cree una comunidad vinculada y activa entorno a su negocio .
Marketing en Buscadores SEM
Creamos y gestionamos campañas publicitarias de banners gráficos , videos y anuncios de texto en Google Adwords , Bing Ads , Facebook Ads , Twitter ...
Posicionamiento en Buscadores SEO
Aumente el tráfico , clientes potenciales y las ventas con base a los resultados de búsqueda en Google , Bing y Yahoo .
Cualquiera podrá ofrecerle ...
Construcción de Enlaces
Ordene uno de nuestros paquetes de enlaces relevantes de alta calidad , hechos de forma artificial , y aumente el ranking en los motores de búsqueda ...
Email Marketing
A través de campañas publicitarias y promociones a través de correo electrónico , y además con boletines HTML a sus listas de suscriptores ...
Streaming de Audio Shoutcast Proveemos soluciones y servicios de streaming de medios , incluyendo streaming de audio y de servicios de alojamiento de streaming de medios .
No ...
Alojamiento Web Hosting Nuestro servicio esta basado en potentes servidores con plataforma Linux y el cliente tiene autonomía en la administración a través de Cpanel / WHM .
Incluye respaldo de información con soporte técnico inmediato y personalizado .
[ note small_text= » Capacitación y noticias de Marketing Online para impulsar su negocio » .
button_text= » ¡Contáctenos ahora ! » button_url=»www.mercadeopaginasweb.com/contacto/»]Agencia Marketing Digital [ / note ]
By Mark Gregory
Technology correspondent , BBC News
The soaring popularity of smart phones has created a new type of entrepreneur - the " app developer " .
Whether it is finding ladies ' toilets on the London underground , identifying bird songs , forecasting snow conditions at ski resorts or just buying stuff online , somebody , somewhere has come up with a clever little computer program that lets you do the task from your handset .
The industry has grown up around the iPhone .
More than 140,000 different iPhone applications have appeared since Apple opened its Apps Store on iTunes to outside developers in July 2008 .
Although it is the dominant player , there are many more to choose from including those from BlackBerry , Microsoft , Google , Nokia , and Samsung .
Applications rarely cost more than a few dollars or the equivalent in other currencies to download .
Many are free .
But already the app market is worth nearly two and a half billion dollars a year , according to data from AdMob , an advertising company .
Other smart phone brands are striving to erode Apple 's early lead by developing their own platforms for apps .
' Pocket gods '
The popularity of apps has created a gold rush mentality among a new breed of independent software developers .
Some have even become millionaires .
However , it is hard to find an app developer who admits to being rich .
Dave Castelnuovo is a possible candidate .
Based in San Francisco , he is the co-creator of Pocket God , a popular game for the iPhone that costs 99 cents and has been downloaded by more than two million people .
A season of reports exploring the extraordinary power of the internet , including : Digital giants - top thinkers in the business on the future of the web Mapping the internet - a visual representation of the spread of the web over the last 20 years Global Voices - the BBC links up with an online community of bloggers around the world
What is SuperPower ?
" We are currently the best - selling app of all time , " he says , sounding slightly bemused .
The runaway success of his product has clearly taken him by surprise .
" When we started out we only budgeted a week 's worth of time to Pocket God , hoping we'd make a little bit of money and have a framework for doing a real game , " he says .
The setting for the game is a tropical island peopled by characters called the pygmies .
The iPhone user controls their lives .
" You can do good things like watching them fish or feeding them , " explains Mr Castelnuovo .
" But most of the fun lies in the sadistic things you can do , like sacrificing them or flicking them into a volcano . "
He describes the game as " a safe sandbox that allows people to get that mean itch out " .
It is an interesting insight into what tickles the fancy of smart phone users around the world But Mr Castelnuovo denies that he is a millionaire .
" Uncle Sam has kind of taken care of that , " he says referring to the taxes he must pay the US government .
' Powerful idea '
The success of Pocket God and other pioneering novelty apps has inspired large numbers of small scale entrepreneurs to have a go at developing software for smart phones .
Pocket God has become a firm favourite with app fans Nobody knows how many app developers there are , but the figure could run into thousands .
However , with so much competition around it has got a lot harder to create a top seller .
" You definitely have to do a lot more work today - doing PR and talking to people , " explains Mr Castelnuovo .
The essential point about current apps is that they are mostly intended to entertain and they have not involved a lot of work to develop .
The typical app development company consists of " two kids in a garage " , explains David Yoffie , a technology expert at Harvard Business school .
But he believes that ultimately the app could change the face of computing .
" There 's enormous innovation and a constant stream of new creative applications are coming online " , he says .
" So forget about current applications , what matters are the creative things we may see in future . "
It 's a lot like the internet bust that happened a few years ago
Dave Castelnuovo Mr Yoffie draws a parallel with the early days of personal computers .
" If you think about the old spread sheets before Lotus 123 and Excel , they were n't terribly functional , " he says , referring to two landmark programs in desktop computing .
" But ultimately we figured out how to take the basic ideas that were developed in the very early days and make them better , more effective and very powerful , " he adds .
' Crazy ideas '
Mr Yoffie believes apps for smart phones will go through a similar process of evolution .
In the longer term , he thinks smart phones will have the capability to act like portable subtitling machines , translating foreign languages for those visiting foreign countries .
Other firms also offer apps for their handsets
But not everyone believes the centre of gravity in computing will shift to smart phones .
Among the doubters is Mr Castelnuovo .
" When something generates a ton of excitement at a certain point people are entering it because of the excitement not because there 's anything solid there , " he says " It 's a lot like the internet bust , " he says , referring to the share price collapse of internet companies a decade ago .
" A lot of people are doing a lot of crazy ideas ... it could end up being a bubble , " he says .
But he also believes the app economy " could take off " .
So the two - year - old market for smart phone apps seems to be at a crossroads .
On the one hand it is growing fast and there is the potential for really powerful apps that could change of the nature of computing .
On the other hand , it is also possible that the app phenomenon has been overblown .
Commentators say a lot depends on the success or failure of Apple 's much - hyped tablet computer , the iPad , which is due to go on sale soon .
Many see the iPad , with its iPhone - like appearance but much larger screen , as the ultimate vehicle for running apps .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We have 2010 release dates for Mario Galaxy 2 and Metroid : Other M , but could the next Zelda be on its way this year , too ?
A new Mario , Metroid , and Zelda , all in the same 365 - day timespan ?
Xbox and PS3s sacrificed , Italian plumbers and koopa troopas living together ... mass euphoria ?
Chatting with Wired , Nintendo America VP of marketing and sales Cammie Dunaway may have let the cat out of the bag .
Wired apparently bet Nintendo would n't release Mario , Metroid , and Zelda all in the same year .
During the interview Wired asked Dunaway if it owed her a steak dinner for betting incorrectly , to which Dunaway replied " I think you do . "
And then she more or less confirms Zelda 's in part of a 2010 triple - header here :
One of the things that 's true for Nintendo is that we 're not driven by a calendar for our release dates .
When the games are ready to go , when the quality is perfect , that 's when we release .
We all benefit if we can keep a pretty steady pace , so the development teams have worked hard to make sure that we 've got a full lineup this year .
If you compare the first half of 2010 with the first half of 2009 , it 's night and day .
And from some of the things that Mr. Iwata has talked about , and that we will talk about at E3 , like Zelda , you know that we 're going to have a good back half of the year , as well .
Look for Zelda to feature prominently at E3 , and release during the second half of 2010 , in other words .
Assuming Mario Galaxy 2's more challenging than its breezy predecessor , Metroid 's hybrid platform / shooter gameplay clicks , and Zelda 's more than just another Ocarina of Time riff , Nintendo might win more than sales accolades for a change .
Still , it 's disappointing to see Nintendo power - marketing the same old franchises to the same old fans .
Where 's whatever comes after Mario or Metroid or Zelda , guys ?
I 've been asking this for years now :
What 's next ?
Are so - called ' hardcore ' Nintendo fans stuck playing Mario - Metroid - Zelda " rhapsodies on a theme from Miyamoto " indefinitely ?
Connect with Matt on Twitter ( @game_on )
Earlier this year , the beloved children ’s writer spent six weeks on a ventilator with coronavirus .
He talks about the magic of the NHS , the mismanagement of the crisis and how his near - death experience has changed him
Bees prefer nectar from plants that appear to add small doses of nicotine and caffeine to the sugary liquid to entice the insects into pollinating them , according to researchers in Israel .
Prof. Ido Izhaki and colleagues from the University of Haifa offered bees artificial nectar with various levels of the two stimulants , along with offerings of just nectar , to see how much of the additives they preferred .
Izhaki says the results showed the bees clearly had a preference for nectar containing nicotine and caffeine at levels found in nature over the “ clean ” nectar .
But if offered nectar with higher concentrations of nicotine , the bees clearly demonstrated a preference for the drug - free version .
Results also suggested that while the sugars in nectar are there to give bees the energy to pollinate , the stimulants may have resulted from evolutionary processes to make the pollination more efficient .
Further research was needed to determine if the insects actually become addicted to the drugs , Izhaki said .
Photo : Stock
Image caption A series of scandals involving child sex abuse by priests has rocked the Catholic Church around the world .
The Catholic Church has faced a raft of allegations of child sex abuse by priests and an inadequate response by bishops .
Here is a round - up of some of those events :
BELGIUM
The bishop of Bruges , Roger Vangheluwe , resigned in April 2010 after admitting that he had sexually abused a boy for years when he was a priest and after being made a bishop .
The scandal drew in the former head of the Catholic Church in Belgium , Cardinal Godfried Danneels , who had advised the victim in April not to go public with his story until Vangheluwe had retired in 2011 .
After the Vangheluwe case came to light , a commission set up to investigate the extent of abuse in the Belgian Church received a flood of calls .
Police controversially raided the commission and Church offices , suspecting some evidence was being covered up - but this move was ruled illegal by a Belgian court .
In September 2010 the head of the commission released harrowing details of some 300 cases of alleged sexual abuse by Belgian clergy .
The abuse was found in nearly every diocese , and 13 alleged victims had committed suicide , he said .
However , he found no indication that the Church had systematically sought to cover up cases .
The Church pledged to set up a victims ' support centre in a first attempt to rebuild public trust , and to co-operate more with the police .
IRELAND
Two major reports into allegations of paedophilia among Irish clergy last year revealed the shocking extent of abuse , cover-ups and hierarchical failings involving thousands of victims , and stretching back decades .
In one , four Dublin archbishops were found to have effectively turned a blind eye to cases of abuse from 1975 to 2004 .
The Dublin archdiocese , it said , operated in a culture of concealment , placing the integrity of its institutions above the welfare of the children in its care .
In the wake of the report , all Irish bishops were summoned to the Vatican to give an account of themselves in person before the Pope .
Four bishops , named in the report , handed in their resignations .
The Pope accepted two but told the other two he wanted them to continue .
Six months earlier , another report - the result of a nine - year investigation - documented some six decades of physical , sexual and emotional abuse at residential institutions run by 18 religious orders .
With the Church still reeling from the reports ' findings , a fresh scandal erupted in March 2010 when it emerged the head of the Irish Catholic Church , Cardinal Sean Brady , was present at meetings in 1975 where children signed vows of silence over complaints against a paedophile priest , Fr Brendan Smyth .
Cardinal Brady resisted calls to resign but issued an apology for mishandling the matter .
A few days later , on 20 March , Pope Benedict XVI apologised to victims of child sex abuse by Catholic priests in Ireland .
He then accepted the resignation of Bishop John Magee , an aide to three popes before being assigned to Ireland , who was found to have mishandled allegations of clerical sex abuse in his County Cork diocese .
Pope Benedict has now appointed a panel of nine prelates to investigate child abuse in Ireland 's Catholic institutions .
UNITED STATES
Over the past two decades , the Roman Catholic Church in the US - with the archdiocese of Boston in particular - has been embroiled in a series of child sex scandals .
There was public outrage after abuses in the 1990s by two Boston priests , Paul Shanley and John Geoghan , came to light , with suspicions that Church leaders had sought to cover up their crimes by moving them from post to post .
In 2002 the then - Pope John Paul II called an emergency meeting with US cardinals , but allegations continued to emerge .
Despite an apology and pledge to take a tougher line , Archbishop Bernard Law resigned over the scandal at the end of the year .
In September 2003 , the Boston archdiocese - the fourth - largest in the US - agreed to pay $ 85 m to settle more than 500 civil suits accusing priests of sexual abuse and church officials of concealment .
A report commissioned by the Church the following year said more than 4,000 US Roman Catholic priests had faced sexual abuse allegations in the last 50 years , in cases involving more than 10,000 children - mostly boys .
A series of huge payouts has been made by US diocese to alleged victims of abuse - the largest being some $ 660 m from the Los Angeles Archdiocese in 2007 .
During a tour of the US in 2008 , the Pope met privately with victims of abuse by priests and spoke of " the pain and the harm inflicted by the sexual abuse of minors " .
In March 2010 documents emerged suggesting that Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , before he became Pope , failed to respond to letters from US clergy about cases of alleged child sex abuse by a priest in Wisconsin .
Archbishops had complained about Fr Lawrence Murphy in 1996 to a Vatican office led by the future Pope , but apparently received no response .
Fr Murphy , who died in 1998 , is suspected of having abused some 200 boys at St John 's School for the Deaf in St Francis , Wisconsin , between 1950 and 1974 .
One of his alleged victims told the BBC the Pope had known for years about the accusations yet failed to take action .
GERMANY
Since the start of 2010 , at least 300 people have made allegations of sexual or physical abuse by priests across the Pope 's home country .
Claims are being investigated in 18 of Germany 's 27 Roman Catholic dioceses .
Accusations include the abuse of more than 170 children by priests at Jesuit schools , three Catholic schools in Bavaria , and within the Regensburg Domspatzen school boys ' choir that was directed for 30 years by Monsignor Georg Ratzinger , the Pope 's brother .
In June , prosecutors said they were investigating the head of Germany 's Roman Catholic bishops .
Archbishop Robert Zollitsch of Freiburg is suspected of allowing the re-appointment of a priest accused of child abuse in 1987 .
The archdiocese rejected the charge .
In March , Father Peter Hullermann , who was convicted of molesting boys during his time in the archdiocese of Munich and Freising , was suspended from his duties after breaching a ban on working with children .
Days earlier , the Pope 's former diocese said Benedict had unwittingly approved housing for Fr Hullermann when serving as archbishop of Munich ; the Vatican denounced what it called " aggressive " efforts to link the Pope to the scandal .
The Regensburg diocese confirmed on 22 March new allegations of child sexual abuse against four priests and two nuns , saying most of the incidents occurred in the 1970s .
Two days later the German government announced it was forming a committee of experts to investigate all the abuse claims .
ITALY
In June 2010 a high - profile former priest was charged with sexual abuse .
Pierino Gelmini , 85 , is alleged to have abused 12 young people at a drug rehabilitation centre he founded .
Meanwhile , a number of deaf men have come forward to say they were abused as children at the Antonio Provolo Institute for the Deaf in the northern city of Verona between the 1950s and the 1980s .
The allegations were first reported in the Italian press in January 2009 .
Later last year the Associated Press news agency obtained a written statement from 67 of the school 's former pupils naming 24 priests , brothers and lay religious men who they accused of sexual abuse , paedophilia and corporal punishment .
The diocese of Verona said it intended to interview the victims following a request from the Vatican to do so .
NETHERLANDS
In March 2010 , Dutch bishops ordered an independent inquiry into more than 200 allegations of sexual abuse of children by priests , in addition to three cases dating from 1950 to 1970 .
Allegations first centred on Don Rua monastery school in the eastern Netherlands , with people saying they were abused by Catholic priests in the 1960s and 70s .
This prompted dozens more alleged victims from other institutions to come forward .
AUSTRIA
A series of claims of sexual abuse by priests has emerged in the Vorarlberg region .
Some 16 people have reported 27 alleged incidents there , spanning half a century .
Ten children are also alleged to have been abused at a monastery in Mehrerau in the 1970s and early 80s .
Meanwhile five priests at a monastery in Kremsmuenster in Upper Austria have been suspended after complaints of sexual and physical abuse of boys there .
Separately , the head of a Salzburg monastery , Bruno Becker , resigned after confessing to having abused a boy 40 years ago , when he was a monk .
SWITZERLAND
A commission set up by the Swiss Bishops Conference in 2002 has been investigating allegations of abuse involving the Catholic Church there .
A member of the commission , Abbot Martin Werlen , said in a newspaper interview this month that about 60 people have said they were abused by Catholic priests .
The alleged incidents are reported to have occurred over the past 15 years .
A priest in the canton of Thurgau was arrested on 19 March on suspicion of sexual abuse of minors , police said .
MALTA
Three priests have been accused of sexually abusing 10 orphan children in Malta during the 1980s and 1990s .
Pope Benedict visited the island in April and held an emotional meeting with victims , pledging to bring those responsible to justice and to protect young people in the future .
SPAIN
Police have launched an investigation into three members of staff at a care home run by a Catholic order .
There have also been formal accusations against a Carmelite monk in eastern Spain and Franciscan brothers in the south .
PERSONAL INSPIRATIONS ...
Here are some very special
QUOTES
that have been a great inspiration to us ...
Favorite Answer
It 's rap lyrics .. it 's not supposed to mean anything except for having a good beat .
Media player Mac streaming
Video player for Mac with Chromecast , AirPlay and DLNA streaming
Thanks to Elmedia
Player you will effortlessly stream your locally saved files to Apple TV , Chromecast , Smart TV , as well as other DLNA - certified and AirPlay devices .
If you need to receive streaming media on your Mac , Elmedia will do the perfect job too : stream from iTunes , a different Mac computer , or from a different AirPlay streaming device .
If you have great music on your phone and want to stream it to your Mac , since it has larger speakers , you can use Elmedia to receive and play it too !
Blackwater set up a shell company to “ defraud the government ” by leading it to believe it was n’t contracting with the notorious security contractor , investigative journalist Jeremy Scahill says .
“ In Afghanistan , they set up this shell company , Paravant , in collaboration with mammoth war giant Raytheon , which held the prime contract ” for training Afghan security forces , Scahill told MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ And they set up this contract to try to hide the fact that the Pentagon was once again hiring Blackwater , this firm that ’s been under investigation by practically every federal entity in the United States , ” Scahill continued .
“ It ’s a shell company that was used to essentially defraud the government by convincing the Army that Blackwater was not getting the contract , but this company Paravant . ”
Scahill was discussing revelations at a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing into Blackwater ’s work in Afghanistan .
Numerous allegations of wrongdoing were presented at those hearings , including a claim that employees of Blackwater ’s Paravant subsidiary took more than 200 guns from a US military arsenal under a South Park character ’s name — “ Eric Cartman . ”
It also emerged that company guards still have in their possession 53 of those weapons , which they were never authorized to have .
Perhaps most surprisingly , a US Army official told the committee the Army did n’t know that Paravant was a Blackwater subsidiary when it was given the training sub-contract .
And Sen. Carl Levin ( D - MI ) caught Blackwater officials in a lie when he noticed that their application for the sub - contract stated that Paravant “ has many years of experience identifying and selecting top candidates for training ” — even though the firm had been set up only months earlier .
This video is from MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Feb. 24 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
The IV Lab is an inventor ’s dream .
From idea generation and prototyping to the development of commercial devices , IV Lab is also where our new spinout companies emerge and where our most impactful inventions to date have been born .
Our scientists , physicists , and engineers who call IV Lab home collaborate with peers across a variety of disciplines to take invention out of the lab and into the marketplace .
Home to several Invention Science Fund ( ISF ) spinouts and companies currently in incubation , IV Lab also provides valuable equipment , workspace , and inspiration .
CandyCrib has the X - rated photos and videos that glamour model Sonia Wild sent Chelsea and England defender Ashley Cole , husband of X Factor judge and Girls Aloud singer Cheryl Cole .
The tabloids reckon this could spell the end of their marriage , as he got busted in 2008 playing away from home with some hairdresser .
Sonia
Wild has been uploading content to pin-up website CandyCrib for two years – her videos and photos are among the raunchiest found on the site .
Among them are the photos she took herself and sent to Cole .
Via The Sun – Full Report
Sorry I ’m not allowed to post full nude stuff anymore , but just for kicks I ’m going to drop some random links
here here and here
Do n’t say we never do anything for you .
Video
WATCH : Get the lowdown on the latest tech updates in Russia - including key changes to the Racing Point
A powerful cyclone has hit Fiji , damaging homes and crops and forcing at least 5,000 people to flee to evacuation centres .
Cyclone Tomas is a category four cyclone , the second - most destructive on a five - point scale , with winds of up to 170 kilometres per hour .
It is reported to have generated waves up to seven metres high .
One death has been reported after a woman drowned in high seas at the weekend .
The director of Fiji's Disaster Management Authority , Pajiliai Dobui , says many who lived in the storm 's path have been evacuated .
" About 5,000 are already taking shelter in most of the shelters of the northern division , " he said .
The storm is moving slowly and is forecast to intensify and shipping has been warned to stay away from the islands .
Average wind speeds are expected to rise overnight to 200 kph with gusts of up to 270 kph .
Fiji 's director of meteorology Rajendra Prasad says the cyclone is likely to only sideswipe the main islands , which are home to most of the population .
" Initially it looked as though it may be moving more south west for a while and that is why we actually had the whole of the country under warning , " he said .
" Right now it is the same situation , but the category of the warning has been toned down , say for the western division . "
A night - time curfew is in operation in northern and other parts of Fiji .
Inia Seruiratu , the head official in the northern region , says weather conditions worsened dramatically during Monday .
" You can see trees swaying and likewise the electrical wires and cables that are running between the poles , " he told state radio , adding that conditions would be worse in other areas .
Officials say communications have been lost with smaller islands closer to the eye of the cyclone .
One resident , Alifereti Fisaitu , says his town has escaped damage but others were not so lucky .
" We have got news from some of our relatives that entire villages , called Wainiika , Nuku and Vatu , are all under seawater and the villagers have fled to an evacuation centre , " he said .
The eye of Cyclone Tomas was expected to pass to the east of Vanua Levu and the largest island Viti Levu , although many smaller islands will be close to its path .
Schools have been closed and most public services suspended throughout the country .
Cyclone hits Solomon Islands
Meanwhile , emergency officials in Solomon Islands were keeping watch on Tropical Cyclone Ului , which hit its southern provinces Sunday night .
There have been few reports of major damage and no reports of any lives lost .
The cyclone is in the Coral Sea , more than 1,400 kilometres north - east of Mackay in north Queensland , and is moving slowly west - south - west .
The weather bureau says it is unlikely to pose a threat to the Queensland coast .
SEQ
Water says it has opened all three floodgates at the North Pine dam to maintain water quality standards .
The dam reached full capacity this morning as a result of recent heavy rain .
SEQ
Water spokesman Mike Foster says authorities will check to see if the water release has had an impact on fish downstream .
" [ We 'll ] certainly be monitoring that pretty closely by Friday , " he said .
" Our guys should be able to get below the dam wall safely and will be able to make an assessment of just what impact this particular release has had .
" We 've certainly got some protocols in place that if we do have to undertake any fish rescues they can be done fairly promptly . "
( Newser ) – Tampon ads make your period seem downright fun , typically featuring girls clad in white , twirling around on the beach or perhaps doing yoga .
One tampon company , however , is calling those ads what they are : ridiculous .
“ How do I feel about my period ?
I love it , ” says the woman featured in a new Kotex commercial .
“ Sometimes I just want to run on a beach , ” she continues , as clips from old , stereotypical Kotex ads are shown .
“ Usually , by the third day , I really just want to dance . ”
story continues below
A future spot mocks the obnoxiousness of most tampon ads : “ Buy the same tampons I use .
Because I ’m wearing white pants , and I have good hair , and you wish you could be me . ”
And the print campaign shares the same snarky sense of humor : “ I tied a tampon to my key ring so my brother would n’t take my car .
It worked . ”
In an ironic twist , three broadcast networks would n’t run ads using the word “ vagina , ” the New York Times reports .
( Read more tampon stories . )
Nine years ago the RIAA won a groundbreaking suit against Napster.com in what would become the beginning of a nearly decade - long flood of litigation .
The incident seemed to be a tipping point for the Entertainment Industry , as both the RIAA and MPAA up until then had enjoyed little success in stemming the piracy movement which was growing at exponential rates across the world .
Peer - sharing , while still relatively new at the time , looked like it would be snuffed out in the legal battles to come ; the populace that had taken to services like Napster were too afraid to continue for fear of being sued .
The RIAA alone had managed to sue upwards of 35,000 people after their win against Napster , and when they had finally announced in late 2008 that they would stop filing lawsuits on a grand scale , they still reserved the right to sue particular offenders whom they deem to be the worst .
In the meantime , the duo turned their attention to the Internet Service Providers , in an attempt to exert a measure of force on those companies to handle offenders by disallowing them internet access , a move which the European Union has declared something of a human rights violation .
Showing colors strangely unlike any expected , American ISP ’s have actually resisted this pressure , disliking the implication that one industry can control another on little more than a whim .
The behavior of the RIAA / MPAA during the last decade has been nothing short of a schoolyard bully who has the teacher in his pocket .
It ’s not just the consumers who ’ve had enough of the Industry ’s nonsense , the ISP ’s and even the actors and musicians who just ten years ago claimed they were being robbed are now standing up to call out the associations for their wonton disregard for their own customer - base .
It ’s important that it be stressed that it was not only the outlandish number of people that had been sued that brought this about , but several cases in which the RIAA , chiefly , managed to cross the line in such a way that the public could not help but demand action .
Here we take a look at some of those most ridiculous suits they filed that they immediately regretted , as well as some associated lunacy that could affect you .
The Late Larry Scantlebury
Seven different recording labels banded together to bring the fight against a man named Larry Scantlebury .
Larry was a vietnam veteran who loved reading books in his spare time , along with spending time with his wife and spoiling his three grandchildren .
The RIAA was suing Larry for allegedly stealing their content , as usual , when during the long drawn - out process , he died .
Where normally this kind of incident would lead to candle - light vigils , and scandal about a man dying while being sued by the RIAA , this only got more vile .
Immediately upon hearing that the accused had passed away , Warner ’s lawyers told his surviving family members that they had 60 days to grieve before their depositions were expected , and at that time the RIAA would consider amending the charges before moving on with the case , against them .
Fred Lawrence and His Grandson
The MPAA sued a Wisconsin Grandfather named Fred Lawrence for illegally downloading four movies via peer - to - peer sharing .
True to form , they contacted him demanding $ 4,000 with the threat that if they did n’t get paid , he ’d be facing a lawsuit ; when Mr. Lawrence flatly refused to pay them he found himself facing a potential $ 600,000 in damages .
As it turns out , his 12 - year - old grandson had downloaded the movies for no particular reason , since they already owned three of the four offending titles .
This entire episode was especially stressful to Mr. Lawrence , as legal experts explained to him that even if he fight and won against the MPAA , the association would be fully within their rights to sue his grandson afterwards .
Sarah Ward : Mega - Pirate
Mrs. Ward was a 66 - year - old retired schoolteacher who sculpted in her spare time , and suffered from mild dyslexia .
She rarely used the computer for anything more than checking her e-mail , or the weather , and enjoyed listening to celtic or folk music .
The RIAA sent her notice in late 2003 that she was being sued for illegally downloading and trafficking several million dollars worth of music using the peer - to - peer file - sharing program and network KaZaA .
Specifically cited in the charges was her extreme pirating of artist Snoop Dogg .
Also interesting to note is that KaZaA was strictly a Microsoft Windows application at the time , and Mrs. Ward ’s old Apple machine would not have been running it .
Tanya Anderson
42 - year - old single mother Tanya Anderson was informed by the RIAA in 2004 that she could either settle out of court or face legal action for her early morning piracy antics .
She learned that she had apparently been downloading the rap song “ Shake that Ass , Bitch ” at 4:24 in the morning under the username “ gotenkito . ”
This was news to her , and she promptly counter - sued the RIAA under state Racketeering laws .
At the time , she worked for the Department of Justice , but was forced to leave for health reasons shortly after her legal woes began .
She was severely disabled , and with the loss of her job added to the already soaring legal fees she was in for hard times .
To put a nice cap on it all , the RIAA not only called her 10 - year - old daughter ’s school impersonating the girl ’s grandmother in an attempt to get information from her , but they also threatened to “ interrogate and confront her little girl at the offices of the RIAA lawyers ” if Ms. Anderson did not drop her counter - claim , which she disclosed in her deposition against them .
Lola Scruse
In 2006 a grandmother of three , Lola Scruse , who was also 66 years old , and on dialysis .
She lived off of Social Security checks , and she did n’t know much of anything about computers or the internet other than the fact that she owned one and paid for the other .
Her grandchildren would use her computer when they were over to visit .
Lola was informed by the Court that she owed $ 6,000 for 872 songs that she had downloaded illegally , and that she had already lost the case due to default judgement since she never responded to the initial lawsuit .
She was already handling monstrous medical bills for the dialysis , and now with this figure added , she was quite upset .
Lola ’s since been more mindful of what her grandchildren are doing on her computer , and the RIAA has since targeted more grandmothers who do n’t respond to strange court documents about things they do n’t understand .
Berry the Hobo
Chaz Berry fell on hard times , and became one of New York City ’s thousands of homeless people .
He was going about his business in early 2007 , presumably just being homeless , when he found out that he was being sued by the RIAA for copyright infringement .
Apparently , the Industry lawyers had found that they could n’t locate Mr. Berry , and were aware that he was in fact homeless .
That did n’t stop the process server from adhering the summons to the door of his former apartment .
They reported to the Court that they had “ made every effort ” to locate Mr. Berry , and requested default judgement in the case .
After much legal ado , the case was dropped against Mr. Berry , and the RIAA barely escaped the courtroom without sanctions on their legal team .
Jammie Thomas : First in Court
In 2007 the RIAA took a case all the way to a jury in Federal Court , suing Jammie Thomas on 24 counts of illegal file - sharing .
This was the first case to go all the way to court , as every other had either been settled or was tied up in litigation and negotiating settlement .
Being the first , it was extremely important to both sides of the issue , which at the time was red - hot in all media venues .
At the time of the trial , well over 20,000 other suits were active , and the RIAA had a point to prove .
In the end , the jury found Thomas guilty on all 24 counts , and set an award to the plaintiff of $ 222,000 , despite the testimony of expert witnesses that proved a degree of reasonable doubt .
The Displaced Granny : Rhonda Crain
In 2006 Ms. Crain , a grandmother who had been displaced by Hurricane Katrina to East Texas , was told by the RIAA that she had the option to pay them the pittance of $ 4,500 or see them in court .
They explained to her that they knew all about her KaZaA account name “ kcrain ” and that her sharing of tracks by the likes of Usher and 50 Cent , totalling 572 songs , were well documented .
Ms. Crain ended up settling in court with the RIAA under stipulations that she delete the offending files , and she did not have to pay them any damages .
The judge in this case had decided that simply paying for internet access that someone else uses to download files does not make a person entirely liable for those downloads .
It ’s too bad Mrs. Scruse did n’t have that judge .
Brianna LaHara
At just 12 years old , Brianna LaHara was forced into settlement with the RIAA and had to pay $ 2,000 in damages for illegally sharing music .
The breakdown was roughly two dollars per song .
Out of 261 defendants in the first round of mass - suits , Brianna was the first to settle .
At the time , the association had stated that it was only going after offenders who had been shown to have shared more than 1,000 songs illegally , and that anyone who stepped forward before a suit was filed against them would be given amnesty , though only for tracks officially represented by the RIAA .
Not many people actually took the chance , since it would have only opened them up to secondary suits from interest groups working in tandem with the RIAA .
This also came at the same time that the association was targeting universities and the students who used their networks to acquire music through them .
The Ghost of Gertrude
83 - year - old Gertrude Walton was sued for illegally sharing over 700 songs on peer - to - peer file - sharing networks in early 2005 , under the username “ smittenedkitten . ”
The problem with the case , was that Gertrude Walton not only did not own a computer , or know how to use one , but had in fact died in December of 2004 .
The RIAA quickly dismissed the case , after the entire known world laughed them out of court .
Tenenbaum Fights Back
In 2007 a man named Joel Tenenbaum decided not to settle and took his case all the way to court when he was sued by the RIAA .
He began the adventure defending himself , but as time wore on , the RIAA lawyers delayed as much as possible , stalling whenever the opportunity presented itself .
When the delays and court actions got too thick for him to handle without help , a Harvard Law professor named Charles Nesson stepped in to carry the mantle .
The team then proceeded to not only stand their ground , but to attack the RIAA in both open court and open media .
Not stopping their , Tenenbaum and Nesson called on the Court itself , declaring that allowing the RIAA to sue for such large amounts was unconstitutional , and violates Due Process .
To truly make their point sink in , and gain massive attention Nesson brought to the foreground the fact that the RIAA itself used the very same argument in its own defense in a previous round of suits in which it was accused of the unauthorized use of music samples .
The Pirate Bay
Of all the sites on the internet dealing with peer - to - peer sharing , The Pirate Bay is widely known as the largest and most established .
Based in Sweden , TPB has operated with near - impunity to American copyright laws , at least until recently .
The MPAA tried repeatedly , at one point on a weekly basis , along with its sister association the RIAA , as well as several other special - interest groups and even Microsoft itself , to frighten the operators of the site to shut down by threatening legal action .
In 2006 the MPAA released a public memorandum exalting in their success and stating that TPB had been shut down , and commending the U.S. and Swedish authorities for doing such a wonderful job in “ the raid ” .
There was a raid , and there were technically arrests , and seizures , but TPB was only shut down for 3 days and largely unaffected by the loss of equipment .
The MPAA ’s press - release actually backfired , and became a more effective marketing tool for the Swedish Pirate Bay here in the U.S. than anything they could have done themselves .
It read like an advertisement , showcasing what is available , for free , if one were to visit TPB .
The full release can be read here .
When the site came back online , it had an even larger following than it had before the raid .
In 2009 , after amendments to Swedish laws , the Pirate Bay founders were put on trial for breaking Swedish copyright laws ; this was the first time they could be prosecuted by anyone .
In the end , all four founders of the site were convicted on less than half the original charges , and sentenced to one year in prison and required to pay large award sums to the groups behind the suit .
Under Swedish laws , however , no sentence is legal until all appeals are carried out in full , meaning The Pirate Bay ’s founders are unaffected by the outcome and will remain so for several more years to come .
Sue and Sue Alike : Real Networks vs. MPAA
IN 2008 , during the feverish litigation - fest the U.S. Government was hosting for the MPAA lawyers , Hollywood reacted violently to a new piece of software released by Real Networks , called RealDVD .
The software was simple , it basically broke the Industry ’s DRM ( Digital Rights Management ) on DVD ’s so that consumers could copy the DVD or save it to their computer for posterity .
The MPAA began using the Digital Millenium Copyright Act , or the DMCA as it ’s more commonly known , to sue every entity that has come in contact with this DRM - bypassing software .
The drama became even more spectacular when Real Networks turned the tables and counter - sued the MPAA , and demanded the court rule that their software be legitimized under a previously - established set of laws governing software and technology for the consumer .
Technically , at that point , both sides had laws to substantiate their own claims , and the entire ordeal became a media fiasco dubbed “ Dumb and Dumber ” in the headlines .
Recently , the MPAA has accused Real Networks of destroying evidence that showed the source of their code , which they claim to be “ hackers . ”
Shawn Hogan
When the MPAA attempted to get a piece of the action by suing Shawn Hogan for illegally sharing Meet the Fockers in 2006 , the case received a lot of media attention .
This was partially because of the fact that Shawn never shared the movie , nor did he download it to begin with .
He also owned the movie on DVD , but this was n’t what had made headlines ;
Shawn ’s ire for justice at being slandered in such a way drove him to hire a legal team to prove that the MPAA was wrong , and in their research they discovered that the Industry never actually owned the copyright to the movie in the first place due to clerical errors at the time of the filing .
The case was quickly dismissed .
These ridiculous cases aside , the RIAA and MPAA continue to wander around the internet harassing innocent bystanders as they see fit .
The RIAA raised eyebrows again in late 2007 with the sudden declaration that ripping your own CD ’s to your computer is illegal , which surprised many owners of mp3 -players who had read the manuals to their devices .
As strange as this was , it did n’t really surprise people , as RIAA had also just sued XM Satellite Radio only a year beforehand , for selling a receiver that could record songs .
The MPAA recently made headlines by in a landmark decision made by Swedish courts .
The case will spend years in further litigation in Stockholm , but it was the verdict that nobody ever expected , given the amount of times the MPAA has targeted the Internet ’s most notorious peer - to - peer sharing hub .
This is clearly an issue that has no clear end in sight , and in the meantime , the best anybody can do is cover their own end , whether they actually participate in piracy or not .
Is the New Droid Ad Anti-Women and Anti-Gay or Just Plain Idiotic ?
Actually , All Three !
What in the world can one make of the new ad for the Droid , the Motorola ( MOT ) smartphone with Google ( GOOG ) Android software on the Verizon Wireless ( VZ ) network , which apparently put out this commercial ?
Here ’s what :
It aggressively calls the Apple ( AAPL ) iPhone a dumb blonde and then a prissy dude in need of a beatdown .
Let ’s put it this way :
The 30 - second clip makes Glenn Beck look like Gloria Steinem and Adam Lambert combined !
Earlier advertising for the Droid has been clearly aimed at the he-man demographic , with a beer - commercial tone and a growly - voiced announcer .
So what ?
That ’s marketing 101 .
But this one–titled “ Pretty ” – goes entirely too far .
“ Should a phone be pretty ? ” it begins , using an odd series of images that is packed full of random misogyny .
“ Should it be a tiara - wearing , digitally clueless beauty pageant queen ? ”
Then comes all the manly imagery–a racehorse , a powerfully pointed Scud missile , bananas and buzzsaws to represent the Droid .
A surging missile , as well as several creamy explosions too .
Get it ?
And let ’s not forget the bunch of fey , effeminately - dressed mannequins , with one getting bashed with an ink - filled ball thrown by some tough masked thug with the line , “ Is it a precious porcelain figurine of a phone ? ”
Then back to anti-women name - calling , saying an iPhone is a “ princess , ” unlike the Droid , “ a phone that trades hair - do for can - do . ”
It is true that sometime a phone ad is just a phone ad–but , in this case , sometimes it ’s just appalling .
It would be funny , if it were n’t so mean - spirited .
But , please , you be the judge of the video of the television commercial , which is on Verizon Wireless ’
YouTube site :
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - People are afraid to lose money and an unusual study released on Monday explains why -- the brain ’s fear center controls the response to a gamble .
A woman plays a slot machine at the Island View Casino in Gulfport , Mississippi November 9 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Carlos Barria
The study of two women with brain lesions that made them unafraid to lose on a gamble showed the amygdala , the brain ’s fear center , activates at the very thought of losing money .
The finding , reported in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , offers insight into economic behavior and suggests that humans evolved to be cautious about the prospects of losing food or other valued possessions .
Benedetto De Martinoa of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena and University College of London and colleagues were studying why people will turn down gambles that are likely to lead to gain .
“ Laboratory and field evidence suggests that people often avoid risks with losses even when they might earn a substantially larger gain , a behavioral preference termed ‘ loss aversion ’ , ” they wrote .
“ For instance , people will avoid gambles in which they are equally likely to either lose $ 10 or win $ 15 , even though the expected value of the gamble is positive ( $ 2.50 ) . ”
They studied two women with a rare genetic condition called Urbach - Wiethe disease , which damages the amygdala , the almond - shaped center in the brain that controls fear and certain other acute emotions .
The researchers compared the women ’s responses to 12 people with undamaged brains .
They noted this kind of study usually involves only a few people as it is not possible or ethical to deliberately damage a person ’s brain to see what happens .
The volunteers were asked to make gambles in which there was an equal probability they would win $ 20 or lose $ 5 ( a risk most people will take ) -- or would win or lose $ 20 ( one most people will reject ) .
The two patients with damaged amygdalas fearlessly risked a $ 50 pot .
“ We think this shows that the amygdala is critical for triggering a sense of caution toward making gambles in which you might lose , ” Colin Camerera of University College London , who worked in the study , said in a statement .
“ A fully functioning amygdala appears to make us more cautious , ” added his colleague Ralph Adolphs .
“ We already know that the amygdala is involved in processing fear , and it also appears to make us ‘ afraid ’ to risk losing money . ”
The study could also help researchers understand why some people are more willing to take risks than others .
Perhaps genetic differences in the DNA activated in the amygdala explain it , the researchers said .
ATLANTA —
In 14 states across the country , attorneys general have filed lawsuits challenging the constitutionality of the recent federal health care overhaul .
But here in Georgia , the Democratic attorney general has rejected such lawsuits as “ frivolous ” and “ a waste of taxpayer money . ”
Now that position has led to calls from Republican lawmakers for his impeachment .
Thirty - one Republicans in the state legislature signed a resolution Tuesday calling for the impeachment of the attorney general , Thurbert Baker .
Mr. Baker is also a Democratic candidate in the race , expected to be closely fought , to succeed Gov. Sonny Perdue , a Republican , who is prevented by law from seeking a third term .
Mr. Perdue has said he would circumvent Mr. Baker by appointing a “ special attorney general ” — a pro bono lawyer or legal team to challenge the constitutionality of the health care act on Georgia ’s behalf .
The governor said he believed the act violated the Constitution by requiring many citizens to buy health insurance from private companies .
Health care overhaul is unpopular with many Georgians , and Republicans have pressured Democrats to stake clear positions .
Mr. Baker has said a constitutional challenge would be expensive and unsuccessful .
Der Erfolg der Piratenpartei hat sie aufgescheucht :
In Berlin buhlen Minister und Parteien um die Gunst der Netz - Community : Besonders Innenminister de Maizière umwirbt Netzaktivisten .
Von Florian Güßgen
" Es gibt nur zwei Orte , wo man diesen Kreis zusammenbringt " , sagt Thomas de Maizière .
" Vor dem Bundesverfassungsgericht in Karlsruhe und hier , am Hasso - Plattner - Institut in Potsdam . "
Touché .
Es wird gelacht , auf den Tisch geklopft .
In der Tat , eigentlich ist es eine Runde natürlicher Gegner , die am schönen Griebnitzsee zusammengekommen ist : Hier de Maizière , CDU - Politiker und von Amts wegen oberster Sicherheitshüter des Staates , dort die mitunter bekanntesten Netzaktivisten des Landes : Markus Beckedahl , etwa , mit seinem Blog Netzpolitik.org einer der Vorreiter und Gurus der netzpolitischen Szene , Constanze Kurz , Sprecherin des Chaos Computer Clubs ( CCC ) oder Patrick Breyer , vom AK Vorratsdatenspeicherung .
Aber die Atmosphäre ist nicht feindselig .
Im Gegenteil .
Schon zum zweiten Mal diskutiert der Innenminister mit Netzaktivisten und Vertretern von Industrieverbänden sowie von Behörden , worauf die Regierung bei ihrer netzpolitischen Strategie achten sollte .
Dabei , so der auch im Netz verbreitete Plan des Ministeriums , will de Maiziére in erster Linie lernen , was die wichtigsten Positionen und Probleme sind , auf die es ankommt , beim Kampf gegen illegale Inhalte im Netz , gegen Kinderpornografie und illegale Downloads .
Er will verstehen , was die Netzaktivisten bemängeln - und was für Alternativen sie vorschlagen .
Anmerkung Der Autor dieses Textes war an der Veranstaltung des Innenministeriums selbst als Diskussionsteilnehmer beteiligt .
" Die Politik hat einen Bedarf an Experten "
Die Gesprächsrunde des Innenministeriums ist ein Versuch de Maizières , sich auf dem neuen Terrain der Netzpolitik zu orientieren .
Alleine steht der CDU - Politiker damit nicht .
Im Gegenteil .
Spätestens seit dem vergangenen Jahr buhlen Parteien und Minister in Berlin um die Gunst der Netz - Gemeinschaft , jener jungen Wählerschaft , deren Lebensweise , deren Ansichten , deren Forderungen großen Teilen der Politikerschaft lange fremder waren als die Punk - Szene in Kreuzberg .
Netzpolitik ist hip , die wenigen Stars nachgefragt .
Fast alle Fraktionen des Bundestags haben in den vergangenen Wochen netzpolitische Anhörungen organisiert , im März setzte das Parlament eine Enquêtekommission " Internet und digitale Gesellschaft " ein , die 2012 erläutern soll , was nun zu tun ist .
Ein Stück weit geht es um so etwas wie " Street Credibility . "
Ob de Maizière , die twitternde Familienministerin Kristina Schröder ( CDU ) oder die liberale Justizministerin Sabine Leutheusser - Schnarrenberger : Auch Minister versuchen , sich mit den netzpolitischen Themen in ihren Ressorts zu profilieren .
" Die Politik hat einen Bedarf an Experten " , sagt Constanze Kurz , Sprecherin des Chaos Computer Clubs .
" Sie holt sich auch gerne Sachverstand ein .
Sie hat erkannt , dass wir durchaus konstruktive Vorschläge machen . "
Zeit wurde es , denn in den vergangenen Jahren hat sich die politische Schlagkraft des Netzes merklich erhöht , während eine ganze Wählergruppe drohte , den etablierten Parteien zu entgleiten .
Ob bei der Debatte über die Online - Durchsuchungen des BKA , bei dem Streit über das Internetsperren - Gesetz oder die Vorratsdatenspeicherung :
Im Internet hat sich eine Szene aus Aktivisten und Interessierten gebildet , eine junge , digitale Schicht , die sich durch zweierlei auszeichnet :
Sie ist technisch tausendmal versierter als viele Minister , als viele ministeriale Stäbe , von der großen Mehrheit der Bundestagsabgeordneten ganz zu schweigen .
Und sie hat immer besser gelernt , ihre politischen Ziele zu artikulieren und durchzusetzen , Unterstützung zu mobilisieren - ob über Blogs , über Twitter , aber auch über Klagen und Lobby - Arbeit .
Dabei ist die " Szene " zwar kein einheitlicher Block , ein paar gemeinsame Anliegen gibt es dennoch : Im Kern geht es dabei um die Abwehr staatlicher Zugriffe im Netz , die Bewahrung von Freiheiten und die Forderung nach Gesetzen , die der vermeintlichen Wirklichkeit des Netzes Rechnung tragen , etwa beim Tauschen von Musikdateien im Netz .
Teile der Netz - Community dringen etwa auf eine radikale Form des Urheberrechts .
Das Netz hatte die besseren Argumente
Mit vielen Position der Netzaktivisten sympathisieren vor allem Linkspartei und Grüne , mit manchen die FDP .
Ordentlich blamiert hat sich jedoch im vergangenen Jahr vor allem die Große Koalition von SPD und Union .
Im Kampf gegen Kinderpornografie im Internet hat die damalige Familienministerin Ursula von der Leyen ( CDU ) mit dem Segen der Sozialdemokraten ein Gesetz durchgepaukt , das auch vorsah , Seiten mit kinderpornografischen Inhalten mit einem Stoppschild zu sperren statt sie zu löschen .
Das Netz jaulte auf , schrie Zensur und nannte von der Leyen fortan " Zensursula . "
Das Netz revoltierte gegen das " Zugangserschwerungsgesetz " .
Die Berlinerin Franziska Heine , ein Mitglied des Arbeitskreises gegen Internet - Sperren und Zensur , organisierte eine Online - Petition , die über 134.000 Bürger unterschrieben , ihr Anliegen wuchs sich zur größten Petition in der Geschichte der Bundesrepublik aus .
" Wir haben einen Nerv getroffen " , sagt Heine .
" Die Petition hat etwas Großes geleistet .
Sie hat Leuten in ganz Deutschland gezeigt : Ich bin nicht alleine .
Auf einmal wurden die Kritiker sichtbar .
Das hat etwas in Gang gesetzt .
Die Politik konnte plötzlich nicht mehr so tun , als würde sie uns nicht sehen . "
Und das Netz hatte die besseren Argumente : Den Aktivisten gelang es , plausibel und überzeugend zu zeigen , dass das Sperren von illegalen Seiten kein effektives Mittel im Kampf gegen Kindesmissbrauch ist , in der geplanten Variante undurchdacht - im Gegensatz zum Löschen .
Die Aktivisten demonstrierten so ihre technische Überlegenheit gegenüber dem Parlament .
Aber damit nicht genug .
Bei der Bundestagswahl kam eine verhältnismäßig junge Partei , die Piratenpartei , die sich die Ziele der Netzaktivisten auf die Fahnen schrieb , aus dem Stand auf zwei Prozent .
Das Ergebnis schockte die Parteien - und weckte sie auf .
" Die Netzpolitik wurde als Wahlthema erkannt " , sagt der Rechtsanwalt und Urheberrechtsexperte Till Kreutzer .
" Die Parteien haben gesehen , dass sich viele junge Wähler bei ihnen nicht aufgehoben fühlen .
Das ist ein
Thema , das man aus den politischen Agenden nicht mehr heraushalten kann , weil darüber sehr viele Wählerstimmen generiert werden .
Deshalb möchte da jetzt auch jeder mitreden . "
Anti-Piraterie - Abkommen " Acta " weiterhin geheim
Die große Koalition jagte das Sperrgesetz zwar vor der Wahl noch durch das Parlament .
Im Herbst , nach der Bundestagswahl , begann jedoch das große Zurückrudern : Die SPD vollzog eine Kehrtwende , und auch in der Union mehrten sich die zweifelnden Stimmen .
Die FDP , die neue Regierungspartei , war ohnehin gegen das Sperren .
Seither ist 's ein wenig kompliziert .
Denn Bundespräsident Horst Köhler unterzeichnete das Gesetz im Februar dennoch .
Sofort nach dem Inkrafttreten verfügte Maiziéres Innenministerium aber gegenüber dem Bundeskriminalamt ( BKA ) , dass das Sperren , obgleich im Gesetz vorgesehen , de facto tabu sei .
Und nun , absurde Republik , gilt ein Gesetz , das nur halb umgesetzt wird .
Aufheben , wie die Opposition es fordert , kann es Schwarz - Gelb nicht so recht , weil sich Teile der Unionsfraktion immer noch verweigern .
Und so sucht die Regierung derzeit noch nach einem gesichtswahrenden Ausweg .
Die Netzaktivisten haben ihren Sieg dennoch errungen .
Und nicht nur den : Im Februar hob das Bundesverfassungsgericht das Gesetz zur Vorratsdatenspeicherung auf - und folgte damit in weiten Teilen den Argumenten der Alt - Liberalen um Burkhard Hirsch und Gerhart Baum , aber auch jenen des Arbeitskreises Vorratsdatenspeicherung und denen des Chaos Computer Clubs ( CCC ) .
Auch das war ein Erfolg .
Die nächsten netzpolitischen Auseinandersetzungen sind längst in Sicht .
Im Jugendmedienschutz - Staatsvertrag , der am Donnerstag von den Ministerpräsidenten der Länder unterschrieben wurde , geht es um die Frage , mit welchen Mitteln Kinder und Jugendliche in den Medien geschützt werden können - auch im Netz .
Und auf europäischer Ebene ist noch längst nicht ausgemacht , ob sich im Kampf gegen Kinderpornografie im Netz das Sperren oder das Löschen durchsetzen wird - auch wenn sich nun auch schon CDU - Politiker wie Michael Kretschmer , der netzpolitische Sprecher der Unionsfraktion im Bundestag , für ein " internationales Abkommen zur Löschung " aussprechen . "
Wie sich die Bundesregierung verhält , ist offen .
Auf internationaler Ebene verhandeln zudem knapp 40 Staaten derzeit über ein hoch umstrittenes Anti-Piraterie - Abkommen , das Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement , kurz Acta .
In den Verhandlungen , in denen die EU - Kommission die Staaten der Europäischen Union ( EU ) vertritt , werden offenbar auch drakonische Strafen gegen Raubkopierer erwogen .
Immer wieder wurden in den vergangenen Tagen Verhandlungspositionen durchgestochen .
So sieht ein Entwurf etwa vor , Raubkopierern den Zugang zum Netz zu kappen , sobald sie drei Mal erwischt worden sind ( Three - Strikes - Out - Verfahren ) .
Genau weiß man das alles nicht , weil der genaue Verhandlungsstand geheim gehalten wird .
Zwar hat sich die Justizministerin sowohl gegenüber den drastischen Strafen als auch gegenüber der Geheimhaltung skeptisch gezeigt und das EU - Parlament hat seinen Unmut deutlich gemacht .
Aber die Verhandlungen könnte die Netzgemeinde ausreichend erzürnen , um eine neue Mobilisierungswelle zu erzeugen .
" Ich nehme Euch ernst "
Themen gibt es also genug , die netzpolitische Lösungen verlangen und Dialog erfordern .
Die Netzaktivisten und Netzexperten beäugen die Entwicklung zwar vorsichtig , sind aber über das plötzliche Interesse der Politik erfreut .
Dass nicht alle Lösungen in ihrem Sinne sein werden , machte Innenminister de Maizière auch bei der Veranstaltung am Dienstag deutlich , die mittlerweile als Audiofile komplett und als Video in Auszügen im Netz steht .
Die Veranstaltung war die zweite in einer Reihe von insgesamt vieren , die das Ministerium bis zum Sommer organisieren will .
Danach soll es eine Art Grundsatzpapier , vielleicht sogar eine netzpolitische Strategie des Ministeriums geben .
Was am Ende substanziell genau herauskommt , ist offen .
Beobachter loben den CDU - Politiker in jedem Fall für seine Offenheit , die , so heißt es , unter Vorgänger Wolfgang Schäuble undenkbar gewesen wäre .
Nach der ersten Sitzung griff de Maizière sogar die Idee auf , dass Unternehmen ihren Kunden jährlich einen Brief oder eine Email schicken , indem sie erläutern welche Daten des jeweiligen Kunden sie gespeichert haben .
Der Vorschlag stammte vom Chaos Computer Club ( CCC ) .
Auch wenn die Umsetzung alles andere als sicher , dass Konzept alles andere als augefeilt ist , sendete der Minister auch hier eine deutliche Botschaft : Ich nehme euch ernst .
Anmerkung : Der Autor dieses Textes war an der Veranstaltung des Innenministeriums selbst als Diskussionsteilnehmer beteiligt .
Korrektur : Liebe Leser , es passiert immer und immer wieder , darf aber natürlich nicht passieren : Der Innenminister heißt Thomas de Maizière , nicht Lothar .
Leider ist uns dieser Fehler in einer früheren Variante dieses Texts wieder unterlaufen .
Dafür bitten wir um Entschuldigung .
Des Weiteren war hier ursprünglich die Rede von " illegalen Tauschbörsen . "
Die Börsen an sich sind nicht illegal , das Herunterladen bestimmter Dateien kann es dagegen schon sein .
Auch das haben wir nachträglich korrigiert .
Mit freundlichen Grüßen , die stern .
de - Redaktion .
Some doctors treat patients with early - stage prostate cancer with radiation .
Others favor surgery , while some advocate only close monitoring .
Which approach is most successful ?
No one knows .
When it comes to diabetes management , doctors do n’t have answers to key questions :
At what point should insulin be started ?
Is it safe to lower the blood sugar to normal levels ?
What is the best way to monitor blood sugar control ?
Similarly , endocrinologists do n’t know what is the best way to treat patients with hyperactive thyroids .
Doctors in Europe typically use medications , while those in the U.S. more frequently give radioactive iodine .
Only limited evidence is available to guide the decision .
It may seem perplexing that there is so much uncertainty about these relatively simple questions .
All of the above treatments have been around for decades .
Should n’t we have definitive answers by now ?
Advertisement
In this week ’s issue of the Journal of the American Medical Assn. , we report the results of a study that may help explain why we do n’t .
In the study , we analyzed 328 medication studies recently published in six top medical journals and found that just 32 % were aimed at determining which available treatment is best .
The rest were either aimed at bringing a new therapy to market or simply compared a medication with a placebo .
Whether the therapy was better or worse than other treatments was simply not addressed .
Research involving new therapies is of course crucial for medical progress , but there is also a need for research that compares the effectiveness of the rapidly growing array of existing therapies and approaches .
So why , then , did only a third of medication studies focus on helping doctors use existing therapies more effectively ?
The answer lies in the fact that pharmaceutical companies fund nearly half of all medication research , including the lion ’s share of large clinical trials .
For obvious reasons , commercially funded research is primarily geared toward the development of new and marketable medications and technologies .
Once these products have won approval for clinical use , companies no longer have incentives to study exactly how and when they should be used .
In support of this claim , we found that 87 % of the comparative effectiveness studies we analyzed were funded entirely or in part by non-commercial sources , such as nonprofit foundations or government institutions .
In addition , 91 % of studies comparing medications with non-pharmacologic therapies ( such as surgery or lifestyle changes ) received non-commercial funding , as did 94 % of studies comparing different medication strategies ( such as different blood sugar targets in patients with diabetes ) and 90 % of studies comparing the safety profiles of medications .
Non-commercial sources funded 100 % of studies comparing the cost - effectiveness of different treatments , though only 2 % of the studies we reviewed included such analysis .
Advertisement
Congress recently appropriated more than $ 1 billion in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act to promote comparative effectiveness research .
This is a good first step , but the money will need to be spent carefully .
We believe studies that address fundamental clinical decisions -- such as when to use medications versus surgery or how to use therapies more effectively -- should be favored over those that simply compare two alternative medications .
There is also clearly a need for more research on the comparative safety and costs of different treatments .
And although many researchers are thankful for the new research funds , it may soon become apparent that $ 1 billion is far from sufficient .
Reform is also necessary to ensure that commercially funded research is designed in a way that is more helpful to doctors .
Our study showed that two - thirds of commercially funded randomized trials compared medications with a placebo rather than with another active therapy .
Though placebos are appropriate when no alternative therapies are available , in many of the trials we examined , we suspect alternative therapies could have been used instead .
For this reason , we believe that regulatory agencies such as the Food and Drug Administration should only approve new therapies that have been shown to be at least as good as existing therapies whenever such alternatives exist .
Alternatively , though more controversial , some experts have proposed that pharmaceutical companies should be allowed to fund -- but not design -- clinical studies .
As medical science advances , clinical decision - making will only become more complex .
Only by expanding public funding for comparative effectiveness research can we hope to put existing medical treatments and healthcare services to their best use .
Doing so would ensure that national research priorities are determined by patient needs rather than by corporate agendas .
Michael Hochman , MD , is an assistant professor of clinical medicine at USC ’s Keck School of Medicine .
Danny McCormick , MD , MPH , is an assistant professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School .
When you hear the phrase “ cleantech , ” you generally think of green hills studded with wind turbines , or buildings sheathed in shiny solar panels .
The oil sands of Alberta — where mining companies foul vast amounts of freshwater while extracting crude oil from surface deposits , leaving behind huge , toxic tailings ponds — do n’t usually come to mind .
But the way inventor / entrepreneur David Soane sees it , the global economy is going to stay hooked on petroleum for quite some time .
So the more scientists can do to make oil extraction cleaner , the less damage we ’ll do to the planet during the transition to a post - fossil - fuel future .
At his latest startup , Cambridge , MA - based Soane Energy , the former U.C. Berkeley professor is applying his knowledge of polymer chemistry to do exactly that .
The company ’s “ ATA ” technology — for “ activation , tethering , and anchoring ” — uses custom polymers that efficiently remove oil - bearing particles from the water used in oil extraction .
The technology works great in Soane ’s lab , and now the startup is collaborating with several operators to see whether it will work on the huge scale required in Canada .
“ I believe that in the distant future , ideally , all energy should be renewable , ” Soane says .
“ I ’m a firm believer that we should continue to invest in solar , geothermal , and wind .
But there is a transition period that may last 50 to 100 years .
Meanwhile , we can’t blindly continue to do things they way they ’ve been practiced .
This technology is one little example , hopefully Soane Energy ’s contribution , toward managing this transition period . ”
Soane is probably most famous for founding Nano - tex , the Oakland , CA , company that supplies polymers used by clothing makers such as L.L. Bean and Eddie Bauer to render textiles water - and stain - resistant .
It is interfaces — in Nano - tex ’s case , the interface between the polymer - protected cloth and water — that really fascinate Soane , and believe it or not , there ’s a direct connection between the textile technology and the idea of cleaning up tailings ponds .
Polymers , which are basically chains of repeating chemical units , are useful at interfaces because chemists can splice together chains from two halves with different chemical properties .
One end of such a chain might be tailored to attached to a substrate , such as a piece of cloth , while the other might be designed to be … Next Page »
Wade Roush is a freelance science and technology journalist and the producer and host of the podcast Soonish .
Follow @soonishpodcast
Trending on Xconomy
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 March 26
Young Moon and Sister Stars
Image Credit & Copyright : Anna Morris
Explanation : A young crescent Moon shares the western sky with sister stars of the Pleiades cluster in this pretty , evening skyscape recorded on the March equinox from San Antonio , Texas .
In the processed digital image , multiple exposures of the celestial scene were combined to show details of the bright lunar surface along with the Pleiades stars .
Astronomical images of the well - known Pleiades often show the cluster 's alluring blue reflection nebulae , but they are washed - out here in the bright moonlight .
Still , during this particular night , skygazers in South and Central America could even watch the 5 day old Moon occult or pass in front of some of the brighter Pleiades stars .
THE relationship between Anne-Marie Hess and Dr. David Rabkin has always been poetry in progress .
They met at an Upper West Side restaurant in December 2002 , striking up a conversation as she waited for a group of friends ; he was awaiting pals of his own .
Dr. Rabkin thought Ms. Hess was pretty and asked her on a date to the American Museum of Natural History , to see an Albert Einstein exhibition and one featuring live butterflies .
They both learned they had an affection for poetry , and the butterflies would soon provide their inspiration .
After several dates they began writing their poem together through e-mail exchanges .
He contributed a stanza :
And just when he thought it was too beautiful for one space - time confluence
A cloud of butterflies dancing in bluegreen splendor rounded the corner
To which she added :
And he , sincere and with an air of ceaseless wonder
Telescopic Tracking of the Apollo Lunar Missions
Watching satellites in Earth orbit has proven to be a popular and easy pastime .
It may not be appreciated these days that it was possible to observe the Apollo spacecraft during transits between Earth and Moon .
Many of these reports exist only in printed form , from a time before most electronic indexing has reached .
This page begins to document telescopic observations of the Apollo lunar missions .
It remains a work in progress , and I welcome further contributions and references .
Small thumbnail images link to larger versions .
Enough of the boyhood reminiscences .
Now on to the really distant views !
Apollo 8
Apollo 8 was extensively tracked , owing to the great interest in the mission and the novelty of the lunar trajectory , as well as somewhat better illumination than some later missions .
Many reports were collected in an article in the March 1969 issue of Sky and Telescope , " Optical Observations of Apollo 8 " by Harold B. Liemon ( Geo- Astrophysics Laboratory , Boeing Scientific Research Laboratories ) , pp. 156-160 .
The technical rationale for these observations , as a more or less coordinated program , was to explore the power of optical tracking for refining spacecraft orbits .
In comparison with the usual Doppler range / rate data , optical observaatons trade poorly determined range and line - of - sight velocity for excellent angular location and transverse motion .
Some of the following pictures are taken from that article , copyright 1969 by Sky Publishing Corp and reproduced with permission of the publisher and the photographer in each case .
Original figure captions from this source are quoted below as [ 1 ] .
Various professional observatories were notified in advance , with phone updates as needed , of the coordinates of Apollo 8 at observable times .
As it neared the Moon and later returned , the spacecraft appeared against the stars of Aquarius and Pisces .
Multiple objects followed an Apollo in its path to the moon .
For much of the way , until a major course correction , the four Spacecraft Lunar - Module Adapter ( SLA ) panels which which formerly protected the lunar module ( or , for Apollo 8 , a dummy mass taking the LM 's place ) would still be tumbling in the same telescopic field of view .
For early missions , the Saturn V third stage itself ( S - IVB ) would remain close to the spacecraft as well .
( One of these , likely from Apollo 12 , was temporarily recaptured into a large orbit around Earth after 30 years in a solar orbit , in late 2002 - 2003 ) .
Most of the later S - IVBs were deliberately crashed into the moon , generating seismic signals of known strength and location to be picked up by the Apollo surface instrument packages ) .
This artist 's conception ( NASA S68 - 51306 ) shows the panels being jettisoned from Apollo 8 , while AS08 - 16-2584 is an Apollo 8 photograph showing the S - IVB after separation of the spacecraft and SLA panels .
The brightest reflection to be seen from an Apollo stack would have been from the flat , Mylar - covered shades of the command module 's windows .
Liemohn calculated the expected magnitude of a specular reflection from these shades , which could be as bright as 10th magnitude in lunar orbit .
In practice , most sighting in deep space were of the steadier diffuse reflection from the entire spacecraft , enlivened by the tumbling of the adapter panels .
The first post - launch sightings involved either the trans - lunar injection ( TLI ) burn of the S - IVB engine or the dump of excess fuel from the stage shortly afterward .
The usual daylight launches and short time spent in the parking orbit ( which was lower than would be used for almost anything else , to gain a little precious payload mass ) meant that visual sighting opportunities did not exist from the continental US until after the lunar missions left Earth orbit .
Parking orbits ranged from 165- 190 km in mean altitude , at inclinations 32 - 33 degrees .
The first post - launch sightings are represented by a spectacular series of predawn photographs , shown at right , from the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory ( SAO ) station on Maui ( courtesy Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory ) .
The first one shows the TLI burn near 15:44 UT on December 21 .
As the spacecraft passed Hawaii , the changing perspective put the camera view looking up the sunlit exhaust plume .
For various missions , TLI took place between 2 hours 50 minutes and 3 hours 12 minutes after launch ( 1.5 - 2.1 revolutions ) .
John Stonesifer , NASA Recovery Team Leader , deployed to the South Pacific aboard the carrier USS Yorktown , both for planned recovery and in case of early mission abort .
He reports that the crew had an excellent view of TLI from the carrier deck ( and that a similar sight was visible from the Hornet for Apollo 11 ) .
He notes somewhat ruefully that " My biggest disappointment was that with all the NASA photographers aboard as part of our team we did not get any photographs of the sightings " .
As the spacecraft began its climb outward from Earth , several amateur astronomers in the UK photographed a fuel dump from the expended S - IVB stage shortly after 18:00 UT on December 21 , 1968 .
This event was seen , without prior notification , by F. Kent , Alan Heath , and M.J. Oates , who reports catching the cloud visually while getting off a bus .
photograph above is by M.J. Hendrie .
" At Colchester , England , M.J. Hendrie took a three - minute exposure beginning at 18:16 Universal time on december 21 , showing blowout of excess fuel from the third stage .
The view is 5 - 1/ 2 degrees wide , and Theta Aquilae is at right of the chimney . " [ 1 ]
In a 2003 letter , Mr. Hendrie notes that one of his 14 pictures was taken almost simultaneously with one of the SAO tracking - camera pictures from San Fernando , Spain , so that the spacecraft was displaced against the background stars by parallax at a range of about 50,000 km .
( Picture linked by permission of SAO )
In Kent , well - known amateur astronomer Cdr. H.R. Hatfield made several tracking photographs .
One of them was published in the Daily Mirror , along with an unusually detailed background , shown here as scanned and contributed by Paul White .
( Photo reproduced by the kind permission of Mirrorpix.com . )
From the accompanying text , this was a 3 - minute exposure with Pentax camera and 150 mm lens guided visually on the spacecraft ( which was visible telescopically although not distinct in the wide - field picture ) .
The writeup also makes the interesting point that ionization by energetic particles should contribute to the glow of such a fuel dump .
From the Spanish Naval Observatory ( Observatorio de la Armada ) in Cadiz , Oscare Rodriguez has found the following image of an S - IVB fuel dump .
It 's filed as Apollo 8 , although a date scrawled on the back is more ambiguous at this point .
The Apollo 8 dump was well seen from Spain .
The May 1969 article in Sky and Telescope notes that the S - IVB vented fuel ( liquid hydrogen ) and oxidizer ( liquid oxygen ) separately in perpendicular directions , which appears in the two distinct clouds here
Reports of Apollo 8 sightings came from Pic du Midi Observatory ( in the French Pyrenees ) ; the Catalina Station of the Lunar and Planetary Laboratory ( University of Arizona ) ; Corralitos Observatory , New Mexico , then operated by Northwestern University ; McDonald Observatory of the University of Texas ; Lick Observatory of the University of California ; the U.S. Naval Observatory station at Flagstaff , Arizona ; and JPL's Table Mountain Observatory in California .
The first opportunity for large telescopes to view Apollo 8 en route to the moon fell to Pic di Midi .
Dr. Michael Moutsoulas reported an initial sightig ( near 17:10 UT on December 21 ) through the finder of the 1.1 - meter reflector as an object ( magnitude near 10 , through clouds ) moving eastward near the predicted location of Apollo 8 .
Moutsoulas moved to the 60 - cm refractor because of a drive problem at the reflector , observing a cluster of objects .
These were obscured by the appearance of a nebulous cloud , at a time which matches a firing of the service module engine to assure adequate separation from the S - IVB .
This event can be traced with the Apollo 8 Flight Journal , noting that launch was at 0751 EST or 12:51 UT on December 21 .
Thus the Pic du Midi observations started at mission elapsed time 04:19 .
The separation burn of the srvice propulsion system ( SPS ) engine was performed at 04:45 elapsed time , matching the French site 's observed time .
Lunar and Planetary Laboratory ( LPL ) pictures from the 1.54 m telescope , about eight hours later , showed the spacecraft , S - IVB booster stage , and some panel reflections .
" In the Lunar and Planetary Laboratory photograph above , Apollo 8 is the center trail ; fainter booster parts are to the left and right .
Mid-exposure with the 61 - inch reflector was at 2:00:54 UT on the 22nd " [ 1 ] .
" At left , on the 23rd at 2:05:10 UT , the stars trailed as Apollo 8 was tracked ...
The S - IVB is below the bright star at lower left . " [ 1 ]
These photos used by permission of Elizabeth Roemer and the Lunar and Planetary Laboratory .
Observations ( visual and photographic ) were made with the Table Mountain 61 - cm telescope on Dec. 22 , 23 , and 24 .
The spacecraft and booster were about equally bright om the evening of the 22nd , and still in the same eyepiece field at 130x .
Video tape allowed timing of the flashes from both components ; on the 22nd , there was a repeating cycle of 5 , 5 , and 18 seconds , which slowed the following night .
On the same nights , H. Ables , J. Christy , R.L. Walker , Jr. , and J. Wray used the 61 - inch astrometric reflector of the US Naval Observatory in Arizona to observe Apollo 8 .
They saw one steady and four flashing objects in the 22nd ( photographing all but the two faintest flashing ones ) .
By the 24th , the spacecraft registered photographically but did not appear visually as it was closing in on the Moon and became lost in its glare .
" Although more than halfway to the moon on December 23rd , the command module appears as a bright trail ( within a star triangle also seen at right ) on a 61 - inch reflector photograph at 2:35:35 UT . " [ 1 ] ( US Navy photograph ) .
Likewise , on each night during translunar coast , TV images using an image orthicon were obtained by resident director Justus Dunlap and staff members at Corralitos Observatory ( near Las Cruces , New Mexico , then operated by Northwestern University ) .
They obtained over 400 short - exposure intensified images , giving very accurate locations for the spacecraft .
Below left :
" The module is a faint moving dot in the three TV views from Corralitos Observatory ( 350 miles southeast of Flagstaff ) at 2:54 , 3:05 , and 3:08 .
Note the second moving dot at lower right . " [ 1 ]
Right : " Five Apollo objects are revealed by their motion in this composite photograph with the Corralitos 24 - inch reflector .
Taken December 22nd at 3:01:50 UT and 2 - 1/2 minutes later , the two negatives were superimposed and displaced horizontally ( 1/10 inch here ) .
Stars appear as horizontal pars , but spacecraft components are shifted diagonally .
The brightest images ( integration time one second ) are of two objects that were not quite resolved . " [ 1 ]
( Images used by permission of Elaine Halbedel , current director of Corralitos Observatory )
Anthony Fairall and Daniel Weedman observed Apollo 8 on December 23 using the 2.1 m Struve telescope at McDonald , from 01:50 - 2:37 UT .
The brightest object flashed , as bright as magnitude 15 , with the flash pattern recurring about once a minute .
The apparent motion at this point was so slow that nonflashing components would not have been visually distinctive .
On the 35th anniversary of this sighting , Weedman wrote by email , " My wife and I were spending our first Christmas and were at McDonald where I was observing on the 82 inch .
Everybody was celebrating the reports from Apollo so I decided to look for it .
It was easily seen as a moving object in the telescope , and I invited all the staff who lived at the observatory and other visitors who were there to come and look at Apollo 8 .
It was a wonderful Christmas Eve experience for everybody , although it would have been spoiled if we had known how little would remain 35 years later of the Apollo promise . "
The Lick observations during the return coast to Earth produced live TV pictures broadcast to West Coast viewers via KQED - TV in San Francisco .
During the evening of December 26 - 27 , the spacecraft started varying between magnitudes 14 and 17 , brightening noticeably as the night proceeded and the spacecraft approached Earth .
This variation was probably due to the rotation of the spacecraft , which spent most of the coast period in a slow roll ( " barbecue mode " ) for temperature control .
" TV - screen pictures from Lick Observatory , on December 27th .
At left , the spacecraft is some 10 seconds of arc east ( right ) of a 12th - magnitude star ( 10.6 minutes of arc north - northeast of BD - 10 4490 ) , at 21:23:15 Pacific standard time .
At right , Apollo 8 is in the upper right ( northeast ) corner . " [ 1 ]
( Image shown courtesy of Joe Miller ) .
James Young from Table Mountain notes that they tracked all the Apollo lunar missions except 17 .
The final sightings , both deliberate and accidental , of each mission would come during reentry over the Pacific .
NASA added camera pods to the Apollo Range Instrumentation Aircraft ( later Advanced Instrumentation Aircraft , ARIA ) platforms , generating pictures such as S69 - 15592 of Apollo 8 ( right ) , originally found here Numerous bits of debris , presumably from the Service Module , appear as well as the fireball around the Command Module .
As reported in National Geographic ( May 1969 , p. 624 ) , the Apollo 8 re-entry was seen by a planeload of passengers thanks to Captain James Holliday flying Pan Am flight 812 , a Boeing 707 en route from Fiji to Honolulu on December 27 , 1968 .
On spotting the re-entering spacecraft to port , he announced its location to the passengers .
He noted , " We watched as the color of the capsule brightened to pinkish red , and we noticed a tail similar to that of a comet directly behind .
The tail was short at first , a dull orange streak .
As Apollo 8 gradually came closer in the star - filled black sky , its glow changed from soft orange to yellow and finally to incandescent white .
The orange - red tail grew longer and more vivid .
It did not flare ; it was perfectly straight and of constant thickness , like the slash made by an artist on a piece of black velvet .
We estimated the length of the tail at 125 miles .
We watched the spacecraft for three minutes .
By that time I had turned the plane around a full 180 degrees to follow it . "
Another Pan
Am flight from Honolulu to Sydney had a ringside view , described in an article on page 2 of the Sydney Sunday Telegraph for Sunday , December 29 , 1968 ( scans by Colin Mackellar at honeysucklecreek.net ) .
Additional sightings , and pictures , by airline passengers , have been reported at least for Apollo 11 and 13 .
Apollo 10
Numerous sightings of Apollo 10 , and a photo from Leuschner Observatory , were reported in " Apollo 10 Optical Tracking " , Sky and Telescope , July 1969 , pp. 62-63 .
A NASA report describes visual and photographic tracking with telescopes located at the MSC site near Houston , and notes improvements since Apollo 8 .
The NASA volume Analysis of Apollo 10 Photography and Vsual Observations has a chapter on Earth - based sightings .
The ascent stage of the Apollo 10 lunar module finished its mission with an engine " burn to depletion " , leaving it in a heliocentric orbit similar to Earth's .
In 2011 , a project was announced to search for it using the 2 - meter Faulkes telescopes , incorporating the best estimates for its departing trajectory in 1969 .
More details from Nick Howe and Faulkes .
Apollo 11
As for Apollo 8 , John Stonesifer headed the recovery team for NASA .
The team was already in the South Pacific at launch , and had a good view of the translunar injection burn of the S - IVB .
He later met the pilot of a Pan Am flight ( en route from Australia to the US ) which had a similar view , and tried maneuvering the plane to let some of the passengers see it as well .
Sightings of Apollo 11 , and a Table Mountain photo , were reported in " Observations of Apollo 11 " , Sky and Telescope , November 1969 , pp. 358-359 .
The Table Mountain 60 - cm image is shown here , by courtesy of Jim Young .
It is a 12 - minute exposure ( 0512 - 0524 UT on 24 July , on the home stretch ) with the spacecraft showing as the diagonal streak .
There were few sightings from North America during the outbound journey due to clouds over many sites .
However , Brian Fenerty reports , " When Apollo 11 was outbound towards the Moon , I was in Victoria , British Columbia , Canada , and saw the mission on its way with my own eyes ( from Saxe Point Park by the ocean ) .
One of the newspapers published a map showing where to look in the evening sky on two consecutive nights , showing where each night the craft would show as a point of bright light .
Since I knew enough about what was normally visible , it was unmistakable . "
A group with the Chabot Observatory 50 - cm refractor managed to detect it as late as 0425 UT on July 18 , and again during the return on July 23 .
Amateur telescopes on Mount Kobau in British Columbia followed the final night of the return trip .
Apollo 12
The apparent path of Apollo 12 was widely reported in the UK press .
Taking advantage of rapid clearing after a rain , Jonathan Silverlight used a 75 mm refracting telescope from a London suburb to make this sketch of the S - IVB and surrounding cloud ( 14 November 1969 , 1920 UT ; almost three hours after launch , which would make this sighting right around the end of the TLI burn ) .
His notes show that it was a prominent naked - eye object .
( In reading the times on these notes , keep in mind that British Summer Time was in effect year - round in 1969 , so these are UT plus one hour ; launch occurred at 1622 UT . )
From Paul Maley 's page , here is a TV image of Apollo 12 ( as the tip of the labelled arrow ) accompanied by two of the flashing SLA panels ( below the right arrow ) .
This was taken at 0200 UT on 14 November 1969 , at a range of about 50,000 miles ( 80,000 km ) .
An image intensifier was used on a 16 - inch telescope .
Numerous visual and photographic reports of Apollo 12 were given in " Optical Observations of Apollo 12 " , Sky and Telescope , February 1970 , pp. 127-130 .
Among these were the following series of sketches by Maurice Gavin , done from Worcester Park in the UK ( reproduced by permission ; see also Maurice Gavin 's site ) .
This series made from 2105 - 2120 UT on November 14 , 1969 , during the second venting of liquid oxygen from the S - IVB .
At a range of about 110,000 km , the team at Corralitos Observatory was the first to record a water dump from an Apollo spacecraft .
The sequence below ( courtesy of Elaine Halbedel , Corralitos Observatory , and Sky and Telescope magazine ) spans the interval 0421 - 0446 UT on November 15 .
The ejected water cloud ( W ) is seen moving away from the spacecraft ( SC ) ; numbers 1 - 4 indicate tumbling SLA panels .
These are image - orthicon TV images .
Apollo 13
This image of Apollo 13 is also shown courtesy of Paul Maley 's page .
It 's similar to the Apollo 12 example in provenance .
This image shows a water dump at 0214 UT on 13 April 1970 , accounting for the fuzzy image of the spacecraft .
Such water dumps are also notable from space shuttles , sometimes looking like a curved searchlight beam arcing below the orbiter .
Paul Maley has a video image of such a water dump here , that was just after release during an HST servicing mission , and it happens I saw the same water dump from Alabama and wondered how they had the nerve to dump so close to the telescope , no matter how firmly Newton and Kepler say the material would move the other way .
Jim Young also presents this photograph of Apollo 13 from Table Mountain , from 0523 - 0528 UT on April 12 , 1970 ( two days before the explosion ) .
The spacecraft itself shone steadily at magnitude 13 , while the SLA panels occasionally flashed as bright as magnitude 9 ( too seldom to show up very brightly in this long - exposure image ) .
Picture reposted here by kind permission of J. Young .
Ron Welch visually observed Apollo 13 outbound , at about 100,000 km range , using the Zeiss 0.5 - m Cassegrain telescope at Auckland Observatory in New Zealand .
There have been several reports of ground - based observations of the explosion on Apollo 13 ( pointers to more are welcome ) .
Two Corralitos images showing fading of the cloud were reproduced in " The Apollo 13 Accident " , Sky and Telescope , July 1970 , p. 14 ( below upper panels , courtesy of current Corralitos director Elaine Halbedel and Sky and Telescope ) .
NASA photo S70 - 34857 ( below , lower ) is labelled in the official caption as showing the O2 cloud , which would make it immediately post - explosion .
This may be the one by Indulis Saulietis et al. of what is now JSC mentioned in one German - language WWW reference
In a 2011 email , quoted by permission , Jim Gallivan provided further information on the Corralitos observations : " In particular with respect to the Apollo 13 shots , my wife , Mickey Gallivan and I took the photographs that you have on your site .
We had been following the spacecraft with coordinates NASA computed for our position .
Yes , the panels would flash at regular intervals .
When the explosion happened it was obvious something strange had happened .
I remember my wife asked me if I thought the astronauts were still alive . "
" Immediately after the explosion I called NASA , We kept watching the spacecraft and reporting the coordinates and the direction of the ejected materials to NASA .
There was quite a bit of drama as Houston and the astronauts were not sure what had happened and we were able to visually report on what we saw .
Copies of the imagery we took that night were flown on a special flight to Houston . "
" We were expected to continually track the spacecraft for NASA and had a lot of images of its progress .
I am very sure Corralitos was the only site to take a photograph or see the actual explosion .
We kept the photos away from public release until Apollo 13 had safely returned , which was not a certain thing .
Later they were published in the New York Times and later in Sky and Telescope .
For Apollo 14 and 15 we had network TV trucks on site and monitoring our imagery of the flights . "
In 2013 , I received images showing the Apollo 13 explosion cloud , from Tom Younger ( as taken by his father Frank Younger and Ernie Pfannenschmidt ) .
Younger and Pfannenschmidt were photographing the spacecraft en route to the Moon using the 0.4 m telescope on Mount Kobau in British Columbia , and captured this " before and after " set , here rotated to have north at the top .
The originals were on 3.25x4.25 - inch photographic plates ( listed as out - of - date , processed in Kodak D - 19 developer ) , information which lets us set the scale of the images based on a scan of the entire field .
( The site and telescope are described at length in this paper by Brosterhus , Pfannenschmidt , and Younger ) .
The Boller & Chivens 0.4 m telescope at f/18 gave an image scale near 28.6 arcseconds / mm so the short axis of the plate spanned 38 arcminutes ( 0.63 degrees ) .
The cloud in the " after " image thus subtends a longest diameter of about 37 arcseconds ( verified by background star patterns below ) .
For a spacecraft distance 322,000 km , this projects to about 60 km .
This " after " photograph is the clearest registration of the explosion cloud I 've seen .
With calculations provided by Cees Bassa , it was possible to identify the star field in these images .
Using a paper by Daniel Adamo giving positions and velocities at important maneuvers , he could backtrack to the explosion time .
The star field put the spacecraft within 1500 km of this rough prediction , within its expected error range .
At the time , observers at Mt. Kobau saw Apollo 13 appear just to the east of the Beehive ( Praesape ) in Cancer .
Using representation from Palomar Sky Survey photographs , I estimate the spacecraft coordinates to have been right ascension 8h 39 m 46s , declination +20° 21 ' 39 " .
The brightest star is 9th magnitude .
This excerpt from the WikiSky image rendering of Palomar SKy Survey photographs shows the star pattern .
The sky was pretty bright for these exposures , since the explosion occurred soon after sunset as seen from Mt. Kobau .
Scott Ferguson greatly improved my rough position estimate , but using astrometry .
net to do a proper astrometric solution : 08h 48 m 42.81s , Dec : +20d 10 ' 23.5 " ( equinox 2000 ) .
Meanwhile , the S - IVB continued toward the moon , its Newtonian motion heedless of the drama in its former payload .
Here is a Naval Observatory 1.54 - m telescope image of the booster 230,000 km from Earth , flashing as it tumbles ; the shutter was closed for one of every five minutes during this 30 - minute exposure to provide timing information .
The original negative included the trails of Apollo 13 itself as well as the ubiquitous SLA panels .
( US Navy photograph , reproduced by permission from Sky and Telescope , October 1971 ) .
The Chabot Observatory calendar records an application of optical tracking during the final phases of Apollo 13 , on 17 April 1970 .
" Rachel , Chabot Observatory 's 20 - inch refracting telescope , helps bring Apollo 13 and its crew home .
One last burn of the lunar lander engines was needed before the crippled spacecraft 's re-entry into the Earth 's atmosphere .
In order to compute that last burn , NASA needed a precise position of the spacecraft , obtainable only by telescopic observation .
All the observatories that could have done this were clouded over , except Oakland 's Chabot Observatory , where members of the Eastbay Astronomical Society had been tracking the Moon flights .
EAS members received an urgent call from NASA Ames Research Station , which had ties with Chabot 's educational program since the 60's , and they put the Observatory 's historic 20 - inch refractor to work .
They were able to send the needed data to Ames , and the Apollo crew was able to make the needed correction and to return safely to Earth on this date in 1970 . "
Terry Galloway , team leader for Apollo tracking at Chabot Observatory , provides more detail as follows : " We did team with BellComm of Washington DC and NASA to conduct optical tracking of Apollo spacecraft from Apollo 7 through 17 .
We supplied the rotational rate decay of the ejected SLA panels which was used to help quantify the tiny residual atmospheric air resistance at the high altitude flights .
We were also asked to provide our best positional coordinates of the tracked spacecraft from the specular reflection against the backdrop of stars in order to refine BellComm 's orbital computations .
We noted water dumps , spacecraft separations and redocking , timings , etc .
Some photographic documentation was done on selected missions when there were spectacular visual events .
We did this observational work with Chabot 's three telescopes : the 20 " Brashear Refractor , the Mellish - Smith 9.5 " refractor , and the Alvan Clark 8 " refractor with the able assistance of many high school students and some college students .
I think we were most noted for our observations of Apollo 13 .
As the only observatory with clear skies and tracking Apollo 13 at the critical time , in response to NASA 's urgent phone call , we provided to NASA / Houston critical real - time positional information to assist in the manual re-entry of Jim Lovell and his crew .
This is a brief summary , but I hope will give you something of the scope of our work .
Reports of each Apollo mission were prepared and submitted to BellComm .
My own personal records were lost in the Berkeley Firestorm of 1991 .
This Apollo optical tracking program was a great success for us and changed the lives of many of our students , most of whom have entered various fields of science and some particularly noteworthy in astronomy today " .
The re-entry was seen by the crew and passengers on an Air New Zealand DC - 8 bound from Nadi ( or Nandi , in Fiji ) to Auckland .
A full account was given in the next morning 's edition of the Auckland Star .
Peter Gabelish was among the passegers , and supplies the following recollections based on entries he made in a pocket diary at the time .
I found myself on a southerly flight across the Pacific to Auckland with the vague feeling that our route would be close to Apollo 13's re-entry trajectory .
I was on my way home from a stint in the US and Apollo 13 was big news , particularly in the States , as the three crewmen on board the stricken spacecraft fought for their lives .
We were no sooner seated for take off than a rather excited pilot announced , " you may or may not be aware that we are expected to see Apollo 13's re-entry into the earth 's atmosphere .
We are in communication with Houston and will be the first to see the returning spacecraft .
Houston want us to remain in contact until vehicle recovery " .
Much excitement on board as everyone who had a camera set it up for the spectacle .
Fortunately I had a camera that allowed me to set shutter speed , aperture etc. , unlike the average modern camera that wo n't let you do much except point and shoot .
Having figured out what I thought would work I proceeded to advise a fellow passenger on settings .
It turned out that he was a professional photographer assigned by a newspaper for the event .
I hope he appreciated my advice as my photos came out beautifully on my basic equipment .
With the cabin lights out we waited expectantly .
Running about two minutes behind schedule a brilliant fire ball , like a massive Very light appeared over the starboard horizon !
Travelling horizontally , an incandescent , silver plume of brilliant light , leaving a blazing trail of constant width behind it , arced in from the west at an altitude that did n't appear to be much higher than ours .
The silver phosphorescent tail it left behind seemed to retain its brilliance as a curved band of luminescent material while the leading body continued at constant velocity across our path .
I presumed the tail to be the vaporized aluminium and magnesium materials from which the capsules were mostly constructed .
My reaction was that no one could live through the incredible fireworks and that all must be lost .
Every few seconds a bright yellow - orange spark would branch off the main spearhead and arc away on a different trajectory .
The incredible display continued across our path and arced towards the eastern horizon on our port side .
The inferno diminished while still within our sight .
When it died out , a minute red dot continued on the east bound path , curving out of sight over the horizon .
This was the command module with its glowing heat shield that had survived the impossible inferno and miraculously had living humans alive inside it .
I would guess that the whole display lasted three to four minutes .
We were fortunate that the whole re-entry was seen in total darkness .
Several minutes afterwards day began to break and the trail of vaporized metal was visible hanging in the upper atmosphere for the next twenty minutes or so affording me the chance to photograph it as it hung there .
The next morning the Auckland Star carried a photograph of the re-entry proclaiming that the passengers on our flight had been the sole witnesses to " The Sight of a Lifetime " .
It seemed that their photographer was lucky enough to get it right too !
Perchance he used the settings I gave him ?
He also provides this picture he took of the re-entry trails a few minutes later :
Apollo 14
This image of Apollo 14 during a water dump ( including SLA panels ) is provided in an archival image courtesy of current director Elaine Halbedel , from the Corralitos Observatory files .
This was done with a TV system on the 24 - inch reflector .
The motion of the objects brings out not only the spacecraft and S - IVB booster stage , but the four SLA panels .
Ron Welch visually observed the Apollo 14 return or re-entry from Auckland , New Zealand .
Apollo 16
Dale Ireland reports observing the Apollo 16 spacecraft ( CSM+LM ) and S - IVB using the 12 - inch f/15 Clark refractor at Jewett Observatory at Washington State University .
Each was typically magnitude 11 or 12 .
Apollo 17
I have yet to find any sightings of Apollo 17 .
However , this is an excellent place to link to Sven Grahn 's report of amateur tracking of this mission by radio , including astronaut voices from the Moon .
More recently , copies have turned up on the Web of a newspaper story about the success of Kentucky radio amateur Larry Baysinger in picking up signals and voice from Apollo 11 .
This link includes a scan of the contemporary newspaper story , followup interviews , and MP3s of his recordings of conversation snippets ( during the lunar EVA ) .
During later missions , press releases distributed before launch included right ascension and declination for the spacecraft path as seen from various parts of the US , assuming an on - time launch .
In this time of rampant conspiracy theories , one point of documenting these observations is to demonstrate independent evidence , from non-governmental observers , that large objects exhibiting exactly the configuration and behavior of the Apollo spacecraft were seen en route to and from the Moon .
At least the final Lunar Orbiter mission was also tracked optically in lunar orbit .
Since Apollo , spacecraft in very high orbits have been imaged by well - equipped amateurs ( Chandra , XMM - Newton ) and reflections from deliberately oriented solar panels have allowed NEAR - Shoemaker to be detected with modest means at a range of 25,000 km or so .
The Wind spacecraft was discovered at roughly lunar distance by asteroid searches , both professional and amateur ( 2001 DO47 turned out to exhibit an attention - gettoing trajectory change which led to its identficatgion as the WIND spacecraft ; here are notes from the Spacewatch project and Minor Planet Center .
More recently , Earth - approaching " asteroid " 2007 VN84 turned out to be ESA 's Rosetta spacecraft inbound for a gravitational - slingshot maneuver .
Our campus observatory 's 0.4 - meter telescope was able to image LCROSS ( dot centered in each image , tracking the spacecraft motion against the background stars ) in July 2009 , at about 1.3 lunar distances .
These observations also show how far we 've come , at least on the ground side of things .
Acknowledgements .
The following people have provided pictures , pointers , permissions , or corrections for this material , and I am happy to publicly thank them : Cees Bassa , Geoff Chester , Mike Drake , Brian Fenerty , Scott Ferguson , Peter Gabelish , Jim Gallivan , Terry Galloway , Maurice Gavin .
Elaine Halbedel , M.J. Hendrie , Sally MacGillivray , Paul Maley , Colin Mckellar , Joe Miller , Jeff Pier , Vladislav Pustynski , Oscar Rodriguez , Elizabeth Roemer , Jonathan Silverlight , John Stonesifer , Dan Weedman , Ron Welch , Paul White , Jim Young , Frank and Tom Younger .
The Web contains some marvelous resources with enormous detail about the Apollo program , many of them labors of love by a few individuals .
Some especially useful ones are :
Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told insurance executives Thursday that their companies should be more transparent when they seek higher premiums amid what she called " jaw - dropping rate increases " from California to the East Coast .
" The top five largest for - profit insurance companies filed earnings of $ 12.2 billion last year while dropping coverage for 2.7 million Americans , " Sebelius said .
" It just does n't make a lot of sense to people across America frightened that they 're being priced out of the market . "
The CEOs of UnitedHealth Group Inc. , WellPoint Inc. , Aetna Inc. , Health Care Service Corp. and Cigna Corp. attended the meeting with Sebelius at the White House , along with officials from the National Association of Insurance Commissioners .
Sebelius later said the meeting " focused on what is happening with the kind of jaw - dropping rate increases that people are seeing . "
President Obama dropped into the meeting briefly to hand the insurance executives a letter from Natoma Canfield , a cancer survivor of Medina , Ohio , whose health premium increased over 40 percent this year , according to Sebelius .
With comprehensive health care legislation struggling on Capitol Hill , the White House is trying to focus public attention on the record - setting insurance premium increases being announced from Connecticut to California .
Sebelius said she asked the companies to file their rate requests online , along with actuarial data that supports those requests , to give transparency and justification for raising the rates .
" Put it on a Web site , tell us what your loss trends are , " she said .
" Tell us what you 're paying out .
Tell us what you 're spending in overhead and CEO salaries and advertising . "
WellPoint executives have blamed their rate increases in California , which average about 39 percent for individuals , on rising medical costs and a pool of customers that is gradually becoming older and sicker as younger , healthier people drop their coverage .
Unless you 've been living in a cave for the past weeks , you 're probably aware that the Google Summer Of Code has been launched .
There are several proposals that will have a direct impact on Skrooge 's evolution :
Plasma : Grid and Grouping Containments :
The idea is to have a plasma containment that would allow for disposing plasmoids in a grid .
Yeah , well you may have understood it right from eading the title .
This could be used by any application to display plasmoids in a Grid layout .
I know the Kontact folks are interested in such a thing .
Why is this important for Skrooge ?
Because it will allow for
Plasma Dashboard in Skrooge :
Using the aforementionned containment , we can replace our current Dashboard , based on standard QWidgets , by plasma technologies .
Why ( again ) ?
Because Thy Shall Not Reinvent The Wheel .
Here is a screenshot of our current Dashboard :
It is a grid of widgets , each being specialized in displaying a small bit of financial information .
You can customize it to your liking , by adding or removing widgets .
Does this sound familiar ?
Yes , that is exactly what your favorite desktop does with plasmoids .
Or Amarok , with its own specific widgets .
It works quite well , but
1 ) It does not look as nice as it could
2 ) We had to implement many things like adding or removing widgets , Managing columns layout , configuring widgets ...
Moving to plasma would solve these issues , while allowing for even more functions , and opening the ability to create skroogoids to more people .
And here is a sketchy idea of what it might look like with plasma ...
OK , instead of displaying Skroogoids , it displays the calculator plasmoid , but I bet you get the idea .
To achieve this , we need the Grid Containment , a dataengine passing information to Skroogoids , and Skroogoids .
We also need to find a way to save the Dashboard configuration inside the Skrooge file , and not in a separate configuration file .
The great news is that we already have a candidate willing to work on this subject , a nice guy from India called Siddharth Sharma .
He 's highly motivated , so I 'm sure he will come up with great things and he 's been in touch with us ever since the idea was published in the GSOC wiki page .
Financial information in Nepomuk : Last , but not least , this project proposed by our friends at KMyMoney would allow for greater interoperability between any KDE application using nepomuk .
That would allow for interesting bridges between Financial apps , but also between PIM and financial apps .
Lots of fun ahead !
So , if you 're a student looking for getting involved in GSOC , have a look in those .
And have a look in all other ideas in that page too , there are plenty of good very interesting topics to work on .
=-=-=-=-=
Powered by Blogilo
Update : The Sunlight Foundation issued a correction to its analysis .
They said that calculation errors overstated the earmark dollars requested by “ a factor of ten , ” which means that the earmarks would have totaled more in the range of $ 470 million .
That ’s still a huge amount of money , and while Sunlight ’s correct in saying that one cannot show an overt quid pro quo relationship between these requests and their eventual vote on the bill , one has to understand that Democratic leadership would have not looked kindly on them had the coalition stuck to its guns and torpedoed ObamaCare .
Voters can suss that out for themselves .
Original post follows …
=====
Kathleen Parker turned Bart Stupak ’s surname into a verb that means “ backstabbed , ” but perhaps she should have coined the term “ Stuporked ” instead .
The Sunlight Foundation reviewed the earmark requests made by the “ Stupak 11 ” that had proclaimed themselves opposed to ObamaCare over the abortion language in the Senate version , only to flip at the last minute for a meaningless executive order from Barack Obama .
In an amazing coincidence , the eleven submitted requests to Democratic leadership for almost five billion dollars in pork after voting for ObamaCare :
A day after Rep. Bart Stupak , D - Mich. , and ten other House members compromised on their pro-life position to deliver the necessary yes -votes to pass health care reform , the “ Stupak 11 ” released their fiscal year 2011 earmark requests , which total more than $ 4.7 billion–an average of $ 429 million worth of earmark requests for each lawmaker .
Of the eight lawmakers whose 2010 requests were available for comparison , five requested more money this week than they did a year ago : Rep. Jerry Costello , D - Ill. , Rep. Kathy Dahlkemper , D - Pa. , Rep. Joe Donnelly , D - Ind. , Brad Ellsworth , D - Ind. , Rep. Marcy Kaptur , D - Ohio , and Rep. Charles Wilson , D - Ohio . …
Stupak requested more than $ 578 million in earmarks , including $ 125 million for a replacement lock on the Sault Ste. Marie , $ 25.6 million to build a federal courthouse in Marquette , Mich. , $ 15 million to repaint the Mackinac Bridge and $ 800,000 to preserve the Quincy Mining Company smelter near Hancock in Michigan ’s Upper Peninsula .
In fact , Stupak ’s requests violate a new ban on certain types of earmarks :
Despite a newly enacted ban on earmarks to for - profit firms , Stupak requested a total of $ 52 million for companies in his district out of the $ 65.9 million he requested from the Defense Appropriations bill .
In the Nancy Pelosi Congress , money talks and BS walks .
I had expected Stupak to fold eventually , but the crass payoffs involved should follow each of these Representatives far into their retirements — which hopefully will come in November .
Giving unevidenced beliefs perpetuated by misinformation , tradition , dogma , delusion , fraud and indoctrination the respect they duly deserve since 2008 .
Modern gonzo Robin Esrock and partner Ana Alheiro lay out the argument in photographs .
MY FIRST VISIT TO Brazil was an accident .
The next was a holiday .
The most recent was a necessity .
With 192 million people , Brazil is one of the four nations ( along with Russia , China , and India ) anticipated to define this century .
While China is revolutionizing the world of commerce , analysts expect Brazil ’s natural attractions to transform the country into a global tourism powerhouse .
It has the 2014 FIFA World Cup , and Rio will host the 2016 Summer Olympics — an unprecedented double - whammy of superstar events that will bring the world to its shores .
As a professional traveler , I am often asked what my favourite country is .
The answer is Brazil , and with the photos below I hope to explain why .
For my partner Ana , the reason is simple .
She ’s a born and bred carioca , growing up just steps away from the Copacabana .
Whether you ’re attracted to the beaches or Carnaval , wildlife or music , there ’s too much going on here to ignore for much longer .
A stunning , tourist - friendly waterfront city finds one of its iconic neighborhoods tinged with intimidation and fear .
Some City Hall politicos and Police Department brass believe they have an answer : an ordinance banning sitting or lying on public sidewalks would give officers a tool , they say , to move along those who are frightening passers - by .
But in a very liberal town , detractors say the legislation will target the poor and plan sidewalk sit-ins in protest .
It 's San Francisco in 2010 .
But it was also Seattle in 1993 .
When residents and merchants of San Francisco 's Haight - Ashbury neighborhood complained of being harassed by nasty thugs with pit bulls , San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom proposed a sit / lie ban based on Seattle 's law , largely because it withstood a federal court challenge .
But 17 years after Seattle became the first city in the country to pass such a ban , its impact remains as gray and cloudy as the city in which the law was born .
While downtown has become safer , that 's largely because of other factors including development initiatives that brought in a host of new stores .
Police officers rarely write tickets for violating the sit / lie ban because people largely move on when warned , and advocates say the law merely moves homeless people around all day - keeping them less visible , but doing little to get them off the streets .
In some neighborhoods , unsavory street behavior persists and a new hubbub over a proposal to ban aggressive panhandling dominates Seattle 's City Hall and headlines , demonstrating that perhaps not much has changed since 1993 .
Setting a precedent
Seattle 's ban sprouted in the office of then - City Attorney Mark Sidran , whose championing of the law earned him comparisons to Satan in Seattle 's alternative weekly newspaper , the Stranger .
On a recent morning at a coffee shop in downtown Seattle , Sidran , now a consultant in the energy - efficiency industry , used the tableau in the window to explain how the infamy began .
He pointed down the street to the former site of Frederick & Nelson , a historic department store that closed its flagship location there in 1992 .
The departure left an entire city block empty and , like falling dominoes , led to more store closures .
People began sleeping and camping in the doorways of vacant shops , spraying the buildings with graffiti and selling drugs .
A card table was set up on the sidewalk to hand out free condoms and run a needle exchange program .
Pedestrians complained of feeling scared just walking down the street , and fewer shoppers meant less sales tax revenue for the city .
Then - Mayor Norm Rice promoted a package of economic development laws aimed at revitalizing downtown while Sidran wrote a package of " civility laws " including the sit / lie ban .
" The left thinks it 's a civil liberty to die in the gutter , " Sidran said .
" There 's an effort to transform this issue into one about civil rights , but it 's really about common courtesy .
...
It 's a sidewalk .
If it was something else , they 'd call it a sidelie or a sidesit . "
Affecting just the downtown area between 7 a.m. and 9 p.m. , the ban does n't apply to those waiting for a bus , watching a parade or participating in a demonstration .
Police are required to warn violators to move on before issuing a $ 50 citation .
The ban , along with Sidran and Rice 's other legislation , passed the City Council handily in the fall of 1993 .
But within a month , the law met legal challenges that ultimately resulted in it being upheld by the U.S. Court of Appeals in 1996 .
Cities nationwide watched the Seattle case closely and adopted their own versions .
Santa Cruz and Berkeley were among the earliest .
Pointing out the coffee shop 's window once more , Sidran said the bustling downtown filled with sparkling shopping plazas , throngs of pedestrians and few vagrants is no accident .
" It was the result of hard work and conscious strategy facilitated by City Hall , " he said .
Using the law in S.F .
Newsom hopes for a similar turnaround in San Francisco .
Earlier this month , he introduced legislation at the Board of Supervisors to create a sit / lie ban from 7 a.m. to 11 p.m. citywide so it does n't merely move the behavior a few blocks away .
The idea came from Police Chief George Gascón after he heard residents and merchants in the Haight complain that bullies were scaring people and refusing to get out of their way .
Newsom , who moved into the Upper Haight last year , resisted the idea until walking along the famous street with his infant daughter and seeing a man who 's always sitting in the same storefront there yet again with his crack pipe .
Newsom said homeless advocates have yet to come up with a better idea .
" Maybe we can have a candlelight vigil , " he said .
" Let 's go out and hold hands and have some pretty music and hear speeches that mean nothing .
What else do you have in mind ?
There 's that effort , and then there 's reality . "
Newsom 's proposal has already faced stiff opposition from the city 's public defender , homeless advocates and clergy who say it will target the poor .
The Board of Supervisors is unlikely to pass the legislation , and the mayor has said he will take it to the ballot .
The mayor said he 's confident police officers will compassionately enforce the law .
" I proved them wrong on Care Not Cash , I proved them wrong on aggressive panhandling , and I want to prove them wrong on this , " he said .
He may want to take Sidran 's advice , however : ditch the citywide proposal and focus on commercial corridors .
The more narrowly tailored , Sidran said , the more likely San Francisco 's law will hold up in court .
A form of ' fascism '
To John Fox , director of the Seattle Displacement Coalition , a homeless advocacy group , politicians like Newsom and Sidran are n't worth the paper upon which their mean - spirited laws are written .
Fox helped organize numerous sit-ins to protest Sidran 's sit / lie ban and called the mid-1990s " one of the most contentious periods in Seattle 's recent political history . "
" It 's fascism on Seattle 's streets , " he said of the ban .
" It gives police complete authority over a segment of our community .
...
Their right to just be here is in jeopardy . "
In truth , Seattle police officers do n't enforce the sit / lie ban much .
They issued 57 citations in 2009 and 77 in 2008 .
Both sides of the debate agree that does n't much matter - and that the authority the ban gives a police officer to issue a stern " Move along " is what has helped drive vagrants out of downtown .
Rick Friedhoff , director of the Compass Center , which runs Seattle shelters and other programs for the homeless , said the problem comes from people having nowhere to go when police order them to move .
He said King County has 2,500 shelter beds and 3,000 transitional housing beds , but 8,500 homeless people .
A count of homeless people on the streets at 2 a.m. Jan. 29 found 1,986 in Seattle and 2,759 countywide .
For those lucky enough to find a bed , they 're awakened around 6 a.m. and then have scant choices on where to spend their day .
Compass Center has a day center , but it accommodates just 80 people .
" Seattle is fairly liberal , and they want to do the right thing , but they have not dedicated a lot of resources to it , " Friedhoff said .
Kate Joncas , president of the Downtown Seattle Association , said advocates always decry a lack of services - but that 's a separate issue from keeping downtown safe and livable .
" You can't hold a neighborhood hostage to solve homelessness , " said Joncas , whose association is funded through extra taxes levied on area property owners .
They pay the salaries of 30 " concierges " who fan the streets in yellow jackets to answer tourists ' questions and direct homeless people into services .
They 're trained by the police to spot and report crime and frequently use the sit / lie ban to move people .
On the move
" What it 's really meant is that homeless people are on the move in the downtown area , " said Tim Harris , director of Real Change , a Seattle paper akin to San Francisco 's Street Sheet .
The paper is sold to the poor for 35 cents and resold for $ 1 .
The profits go to the 400 people hawking the papers .
Sixty percent of sellers are homeless , but only 15 percent use shelters because there are too few beds , Harris said .
He added that downtown - due to the sit / lie ban , sweeps of homeless encampments , crackdowns on sleeping in parks and other policies - is no longer an attractive option for them .
Harris founded Real Change in 1994 , and the sit / lie ordinance was one of his first big stories .
Wearing a T - shirt reading " Be Silent , Consume , Die , " he pulled out one of the paper 's first issues .
A photo essay titled " Architecture of Oppression " showed downtown benches constructed with metal bars running down the middle , a big metal tube serving as seating in a bus shelter and other resting places constructed to make it impossible to lie down .
Near the Real Change newsroom is a drug rehab center , and about a dozen people recently sat on the sidewalk , smoking cigarettes .
One elderly woman who did n't want her name used said she 's been homeless for 10 years and has never been told by police not to sit on a sidewalk .
" It 's a ridiculous law , " she said .
" You 've got to sit down to rest somewhere . "
The Real Change newsroom and the rehab center are located in Belltown , just north of downtown 's high - rises .
Similar to the Haight , it is known for its restaurant , arts and music scene ( Nirvana and Pearl Jam played there ) , but it 's also rough around the edges .
The sit / lie ban applies here , too , but you would n't know it .
Several vagrants sat against the wall of a convenience store on a recent day , and the area was rife with litter , graffiti , people smoking crack and panhandlers .
One liquor store opens at 6 a.m .
Richard Nordstrom , president of the Belltown Community Council , said there have been scary incidents lately - like the condo owner on his way to work who declined to give money to a panhandler and was hit in the face so hard his jaw is still wired shut .
" You have to start looking for ways to disrupt the pattern of behavior , " Nordstrom said .
That 's why he supports the sit / lie ban , as well as new legislation to ban aggressive panhandling within 15 feet of ATM machines or parking pay stations .
Crafting a new law
Proposed by City Councilman Tim Burgess , it would come with the same $ 50 penalty as the sit / lie ban .
" We 're not interested in tickets being issued , " Burgess said .
" We 're interested in the problem being resolved . "
Like deja vu , it 's aimed at improving downtown , which lately has seen a rise in petty theft and robbery .
Police officers say they need another tool to address problem behavior .
Residents and tourists tell stories of being harassed by aggressive panhandlers .
Opponents say it 's mean - spirited and that aggressive panhandling is n't a big problem anyway .
The Stranger , the weekly newspaper , had a headline on its cover earlier this month reading , " Is Tim Burgess the new Mark Sidran ? "
The legislation will probably be voted upon sometime next month .
Psychological reactions to war trauma in Afghanistan are experienced differently to western diagnosis ( Image : Paula Bronstein / Getty )
IN THIS age of globalisation , you would expect people to value and be sensitive about their local differences and diversity .
And few areas could be more critical than different peoples ’ understanding of the human mind when it comes to mental health and illness .
For example , a Nigerian man might experience a culturally distinct form of depression by describing a “ peppery ” feeling in his head , while a Chinese farmer might speak only of shoulder or stomach aches .
Salvadorean women refugees suffering psychological trauma after a …
Transcript :
Adam :
Here 's the cool thing about 3 - d hdtv , son ...
Clayton :
You do n't have to tell me .
I can't wait to play 3 - d videogames .
Adam : Oooo !
That would be awesome .
Hockey , skiing , car racing ...
And I 'll finally be able to get that stupid ape donkey kong in the same room with me !
KONG !
You 're gonna pay for throwing all those fiery barrels at me !
KONG !!
Export / Download Printable Text ( .txt ) CSV Multiverse id ( .txt ) Markdown / Reddit MTGO ( .dek ) MTG Salvation
MTG Arena
Copy to clipboard
1 Admonition Angel ( ZNC ) 10 1 AEther Figment ( DDM ) 5 1 Architects of Will ( ARC ) 1 Ardent Plea ( ARB ) 1 Basilisk Collar ( 2XM ) 233 1 Bloodhusk Ritualist ( C17 ) 101 1 Bojuka Bog ( C20 ) 259 1 Brainbite ( ARB ) 1 Brink of Disaster ( M12 ) 1 Butcher of Malakir ( C17 ) 103 1 Caller of Gales ( MYS1 ) 103 1 Cosi's Trickster ( ZEN ) 1 Crypt of Agadeem ( C14 ) 288 1 Crystallization ( ARB ) 1 Dead Reckoning ( WWK ) 1 Deny Reality ( MYS1 ) 85 1 Enigma Sphinx ( C18 ) 178 1 Esper Stormblade ( ARB ) 1 Ethercaste Knight ( MYS1 ) 1 Etherwrought Page ( ARB ) 1 Fieldmist Borderpost ( ARC ) 1 Filigree Angel ( C16 ) 199 1 Grim Discovery ( MYS1 ) 51 1 Halimar Depths ( C20 ) 280 1 Hammer of Ruin ( WWK ) 1 Hedron Crab ( ZEN ) 1 Hideous End ( MYS1 ) 52 1 Identity Crisis ( ARB ) 12 Island ( ZNR ) 269 1 Jace , the Mind Sculptor ( 2XM ) 56 1 Jhessian Zombies ( DDH ) 1 Kitesail ( CN2 ) 212 1 Lightkeeper of Emeria ( CM1 ) 15 1 Lorthos , the Tidemaker ( C14 ) 117 1 Malakir Bloodwitch ( C17 ) 116 1 Marshal 's Anthem ( C15 ) 74 1 Mask of Riddles ( ARB ) 1 Mind Funeral ( MMA ) 1 Mire Blight ( ZEN ) 1 Mistvein Borderpost ( ARC ) 1 Offering to Asha ( ARB ) 11 Plains ( ZNR ) 266 1 Pulse Tracker ( DDM ) 43 1 Quag Vampires ( CNS ) 1 Ravenous Trap ( 2XM ) 103 1 Sanctum Gargoyle ( 2XM ) 29 1 Sanctum Plowbeast ( ARB ) 1 Scourglass ( ALA ) 1 Sejiri Merfolk ( WWK ) 1 Sejiri Steppe ( DDG ) 1 Sen Triplets ( 2XM ) 218 1 Shield of the Righteous ( ARB ) 1 Shoal Serpent ( ZEN ) 1 Slave of Bolas ( MYS1 ) 86 1 Soul Manipulation ( ZNC ) 100 1 Spell Contortion ( WWK ) 1 Spell Pierce ( XLN ) 81 1 Spidersilk Net ( DTK ) 244 1 Stormcaller 's Boon ( ARB ) 12 Swamp ( ZNR ) 272 1 Tainted Sigil ( ARB ) 1 Tectonic Edge ( C14 ) 44 1 Thopter Foundry ( 2XM ) 222 1 Trailblazer 's Boots ( ZEN ) 1 Unbender Tine ( ARC ) 97 1 Vectis Agents ( CON ) 1 Vectis Dominator ( ARB ) 1 Vedalken Ghoul ( ARB )
Copied to clipboard .
You can now import it in the MTG Arena client .
In TappedOut 's comments / forums
In TappedOut 's comments / forums with pie-chart
On your blog
This will require TappedOut.js included in your blog .
English : Alan L. Light ( born 1953 ) , founder of the Comics Buyer 's Guide and photographer ( not the Alan L. Light ( born 1953 ) , founder of theand photographer ( not the music critic from Ohio with VIAF 74034324 )
Note from Alan Light : " I am happy to see that many of my celebrity photos are being used on Wikipedia and elsewhere on the web .
My whole purpose in posting them here was to share them with as many people as possible .
Feel free to use the celebrity photos however you wish – on the web , in print , in videos , anywhere .
All I ask is that you put ' Photo by Alan Light ' if you can .
That 's not essential , but appreciated . "
Alan Light 's note about licensing tags on Flickr : ' " I consider my photographs of historical importance , so I have granted Creative Commons license for their use , by anyone and for any purpose , without charge .
I do appreciate photo credit , though , so please credit ' Photo by Alan Light ' if you can .
Thanks . "
Alan Light ( en ) ; Alan Light ( es ) ; Alan Light ( ast ) Photographer and founder of the " Comics Buyer 's Guide " magazine ( en )
If your site is ad revenue - driven , realize that you wo n’t get rich from Google ’s ad network — Google AdSense — unless you can deliver millions of pageviews .
And if you are doing millions of pageviews , you should be able to monetize better .
That does not mean you ca n’t make good money from ad networks , but do n’t make the mistake of assuming that Google offers a perfect solution for everybody .
AdSense is a good product from a credible company , but in most cases for smaller sites , it pays a very low cost per thousand impressions ( CPMs ) .
On the plus side , Google offers great tools for tracking your payouts and an easy - to - use system to actually get paid .
Google ’s tools are superior to nearly every ad network , but — and it ’s a big but — the rates it pays tend to be on the low side .
Rates Vary
While Google AdSense pays a low rate , it ’s important to remember that an ad network that ’s bad for us ( in most cases ) may not always be bad for you .
Ad networks , even ones as large as Google , sell ads to advertisers who want them displayed on a certain type of site .
If AdSense , or any other network , has an advertiser looking for exactly the type of site you have , then it will pay more to serve those ads on your site .
Timing is also important ; for instance , election season almost always means higher CPMs with a flood of political ads .
So if your website caters to people who dress up as cats , and Google has an advertiser that makes human - size scratching posts , you may be in luck .
To make the whole ad picture even more complicated , a network might do well short - term for a flukey reason such as the scenario just detailed , but it may not perform in general .
To get around that , you ’ll want to work with more than one network and track which ones perform best for your site .
Again , we recommend using Adsense , but only in the very beginning .
It is easy to sign up for and implement .
But there are many more options , and sometimes it can be very beneficial to use a network where you can set a high rate and then , if they ca n’t fill it , pass the ad space back to Google Adsense .
Networks such as Souvrn , Pulse Point and Switch Ads all have the ability to set a minimum rate and pass back .
Unlike with Google , you have to get approved for these networks , but 6 - 12 months out , this should be part of your ad strategy .
CPM rates can change dramatically from day to day .
Your site is just another one in the mix for these networks , so everything is just supply and demand .
For most Google Adsense websites , you can expect $ .05 - $.25 per 1,000 visitors .
If you use the pass - back technique , you could ask for $ 1 per 1,000 visitors and it may be filled 10 % of the time and then passed back .
So just that one step could increase your revenue by 4 - 6 % immediately .
The Customers Matter
Another mistake to avoid is allowing the ad networks to muck up your user experience .
Every network with reps who talk to potential customers offers the “ service ” of helping you place their ads on your site .
Their answer is always better real estate , more obtrusive ads , pop-ups , videos and lots of other things that will perform well for the advertiser while chasing away your visitors .
It ’s important to maximize revenue , but you have to balance that with maintaining user experience .
Turning your site into a clanging billboard may work in the short term , but will ultimately destroy your business .
In general , put yourself in the place of a potential visitor to your site and ask the following questions :
Is whatever I ’m about to show them worth them having to click through an interstitial or a pop - up ad ?
Will they know that before they decide to just leave ?
If the answer to both questions is not “ yes , ” then avoid taking ads that make it hard to get to whatever you are offering .
Similarly , keep your overall ad load low enough that your site remains pleasant to visit .
Ads are a balancing act .
If you are trying to make all your money from ads , you may have to sacrifice user experience .
If you are an e-commerce site , you may want to include one ad space ( that does n’t compete with you directly ) for additional revenue .
Geography also has a big effect on CPM rates .
U.S. traffic tends to be the most valuable , followed by European countries .
If the majority of your traffic comes from emerging economies , expect a lower CPM rate .
It ’s not all CPM
While we prefer CPM ads on most of our sites ( because they pay regardless of whether someone actually clicks on the ad ) , certain types of sites do well with other types of ads .
Do n’t forget to consider these :
Cost - Per -Click : CPC ads pay only when someone actually clicks on the ad ( and yes , there is technology in place to prevent you from sitting at a computer all day and clicking the ads ) .
Cost - Per-Action : CPA ads go deeper than CPC ads .
Not only do you have to click them , you actually have to complete an action , which can range from entering an email to taking a survey or making a purchase .
These ads can pay a lot more than CPC and CPM - based ads .
Affiliate deals :
These are ads where you get a percentage or a set fee if someone clicks through from your site and actually buys something .
For example , Amazon offers affiliate deals , so if your site writes about books or other products Amazon sells , you can make money by offering links so people can actually buy the products .
There are all sorts of affiliate deals out there for everything from web hosting to sex toys .
You can also look into Share - A - Sale and Commission Junction for more affiliate options .
Picking an ad network requires a lot of legwork , but picking ad types requires even more .
A CPC or CPC deal can be lucrative , but it can also bring visitors away from your site .
The same is true for affiliate deals , so you have to balance the payout versus the risk of customers leaving .
CPC , CPA and affiliate deals can be incredibly lucrative , but they take more management than CPM - based ad spots .
For example , we own a number of tech tutorial websites aimed at web developers .
We got an offer to feature an affiliate deal for eco-friendly web hosting , which paid very well and had made a lot of money for someone we know .
The difference was that our friend had a website focused on creating your first website .
The audience for that site was exactly the audience a web hosting company would need .
Yet our sites spoke to developers , people who already had web hosts and were n’t likely to switch just because a new one was offering “ green ” hosting .
That ’s where we avoided another mistake that can doom your web business .
We did not stick with a failing monetization plan too long .
We tested the hosting offer , saw it got a lot of clicks ( but no sales for a reasonable period of time ) and dropped it in favor of something else .
Building your monetization — the thing that will ultimately make your website a business — requires a lot of controlled failure .
Experiment a lot and slowly figure out what works , when it works , and why it works .
It ’s an endless process that will remain important until the time when you can either directly sell ad space on your site or find a way to make money that is not tied directly to ad impressions and pageviews .
The House ethics committee said on Thursday that it had admonished Representative Charles B. Rangel for violating Congressional gift rules by accepting corporate - sponsored trips to the Caribbean in 2007 and 2008 .
But the ethics panel , the House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct , did not issue findings in its continuing inquiries into more serious matters concerning Mr. Rangel ’s fund - raising , his failure to pay federal taxes on rental income from a Dominican villa , and his use of four rent - stabilized apartments provided by a Manhattan real estate developer .
Mr. Rangel , a Harlem Democrat who heads the House Ways and Means Committee , was one of five members of the Congressional Black Caucus who accepted trips to attend business seminars in Antigua and Barbuda and in St. Maarten organized by the Carib News Foundation , a charity affiliated with a Caribbean - focused newspaper in New York .
But the conventions had been underwritten by corporations like Pfizer , Verizon and AT&T , and that sponsorship was widely noted at the events , according to an ethics complaint filed by the National Legal and Policy Center , a conservative advocacy group .
The committee ’s findings , released Thursday night , admonished Mr. Rangel , even though it said it had no proof that he knew of the sponsorships .
But it held him accountable because two members of his staff knew .
The Arizona Cardinals have traded receiver Anquan Boldin to the Baltimore Ravens for third and fourth round draft picks .
Boldin , who was entering the final year of his contract , agreed to a three - year , $ 25 million extension with the Ravens , ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter reported .
He has four years , $ 28 million left on his contract .
The extension includes $ 10 million in guaranteed money .
" The Ravens just got better , " coach John Harbaugh said .
" Anquan is a significant addition for us .
He fits the personality of our team with the hard - nosed , physical way he plays .
We love the way he competes .
Our fans will enjoy watching him compete and his teammates will be excited to have him with us . "
The Ravens also received Arizona 's fifth - round draft pick in 2010 .
Baltimore 's top priority this offseason was to bolster a wide receiving corps that last season featured Derrick Mason , Mark Clayton , Kelley Washington and Demetrius Williams .
Mason was the lone receiver with 1,000 yards , and running back Ray Rice led the team with 78 receptions .
Mason and Washington are unrestricted free agents , but with the addition of Boldin and free agent Donte Stallworth , who was signed last month , Baltimore appears to have improved its wideout situation regardless of whether Mason and Washington return .
The 6 - foot - 1 , 217 - pound Boldin was the Cardinals ' No. 2 receiver behind Larry Fitzgerald .
Boldin is a physical player capable of making a crushing block or a difficult catch , but his one shortcoming has been injuries .
He has had one injury - free season since 2003 and last season missed both of Arizona 's playoff games with ankle and knee injuries .
But the Ravens could n't be happier to have him .
" Anquan is a player who makes the tough catches and he is outstanding getting yards after catches , " Ravens general manager Ozzie Newsome said .
" He will also help the running game with his blocking skills .
He 's a very tough competitor and , with the way he plays with passion , he will fit right in with the foundation we have for our team . "
Boldin was delighted with the news .
" I 'm definitely excited .
For me , I 've been hoping for this for a year since I first heard that the Ravens might be interested in me , " he said .
" The Ravens play a certain way .
They play as hard and as physical as any team in the league , and I want to add to that .
I think I play the way they play . "
The trade of Boldin has grown ever more likely since the opening of Arizona 's training camp in 2008 , when he accused the Cardinals ' management of lying to him by promising a new contract during that offseason .
He went on to demand a trade , but the Cardinals did n't find anything to their liking a year ago .
The Ravens were always the front - runner , Arizona general manager Rod Graves said .
" We did have several teams approach us over the weekend and express interest during the combine , " Graves said , " but Baltimore certainly was much further ahead from a contractual standpoint with Anquan and his agent and the compensation we felt was fair for us .
We felt the timing of it was good . "
Arizona was n't prepared to offer Boldin the kind of contract he wanted because of his age and injury concerns .
He switched agents and kept quiet about a trade demand last season but said his opinion about the situation had not changed .
Cardinals coach Ken Whisenhunt said it was critical Boldin get a new contract as part of any trade .
" Mutually for both parties it was a good deal , " Whisenhunt said .
" I am sad to see Anquan go just because of the great respect I have for the way he played the game , certainly for the contributions that he 's made to our ball club since I 've been here .
But I am also pleased that Anquan gets something that he 's excited about , something that he 's worked hard to get . "
Boldin never let his contract situation affect his effort .
He remained a team leader in the Arizona locker room was one of the Cardinals ' toughest and hardest - working players .
The presence of Steve Breaston and emergence of Early Doucet , who has a Boldin - like playing style , made the trade even more likely .
Boldin holds the Cardinals franchise record for receptions at 586 .
His 7,520 yards receiving rank third and his 44 touchdowns rank fifth in team history .
When Boldin went on his training camp tirade against the management in training camp two seasons ago , he said he would never re-sign with Arizona .
He did , however , seem to soften that stance somewhat after replacing agent Drew Rosenhaus with Tom Condon .
The Associated Press contributed to this story .
Click image to enlarge and go to gallery .
The area around the Gowanus Canal in Brooklyn , as we wrote this morning , is home to painters and prostitutes , auto mechanics and ornithologists .
When the canal was designated a Superfund site Tuesday , we asked readers to share their visions of the canal , in photograph , painting or other medium .
We received nearly 200 submissions ( thanks in part to bush - beating help from our friends at the Hall of the Gowanus ) , showing the canal at dusk , the oil patches that glide on the water ’s surface , the industries living and dead line its banks , and the characters that frequent its bridges and , bravely , its waters .
Thank you , everyone .
Get your voice messages your way
Customize your voicemail .
You can access messages at any time — when you ’re on another call , when your desk phone is disconnected , or during a power outage — even if your calls are forwarded to another number .
Additionally , with notifications sent to your RingCentral apps or email when a new voicemail arrives , you can instantly view and hear your messages no matter where you are .
For an extra professional edge , you can personalize your voicemail greetings to provide your callers with the perfect welcome at every call .
You can select a default RingCentral voicemail greeting , record a custom one , or use a professionally recorded greeting .
All options are included with your RingCentral account .
Visual voicemail
Take control of your day .
Go through voicemail based on your priorities .
It 's not always convenient to listen through every voicemail message in your inbox , especially if you ’re waiting for an important call .
Visual voicemail displays all of your voicemail messages on a screen in a single list .
You can see important details about the message , like caller ID or contact name , when they left it , and the duration of the message .
You can quickly skim the list and decide which messages to listen to , no matter where they fall in the list .
Open the voicemail to listen or read the message .
Afterward , return the call with auto-dial , save the message , delete the message , or select other responses from the same screen .
Voicemail preview
Take visual voicemail to the next level .
See voice messages transcribed into text for easy access .
Sometimes it ’s more convenient and discreet to be able to read a message than to listen to one .
Set your account to use voicemail preview to stay productive in these situations .
With voicemail preview , your voice message is automatically transcribed to text and shown on the screen along with the audio file .
When you get a message , you can read it instead of listening to it .
Then you can respond or delete the message on the same screen .
Voicemail preview is available in RingCentral Office Ultimate edition only .
Voicemail to email
Get messages conveniently through the email you ’re already checking .
You ’re in your email all the time , so imagine the convenience of getting your voicemail messages sent to your email .
Set your account to have RingCentral notify you by email whenever you receive a voicemail .
Then select the option that will include the message as an audio file attachment in the email .
Open the attachment to listen to your message .
If you are also using voicemail preview , you can read the message in the email body instead .
Voicemail greetings
Personalize your voicemail greetings to create the right welcome every time .
A voicemail greeting can be a powerful business tool , setting the right tone for welcoming your caller .
RingCentral provides various greeting options so you can create the exact experience you want .
You can use the default RingCentral greetings , record custom ones , or use professionally recorded greetings .
A greeting can do much more than identify you :
It can be your chance to inform callers with helpful information like directions to your office , details about an upcoming event , or answers to FAQs .
You can have different greetings for different situations , such as one greeting for office hours , one for weekends , and one for holidays .
RingCentral has partnered with Snap Recordings to offer you reliable and professional voice recordings customized to your exact needs .
Voicemail FAQs :
Is there an additional fee for voicemail ?
No .
Voicemail features are included in your RingCentral account .
Some features are optional settings you can select .
Voicemail preview is available in RingCentral Office Ultimate edition only .
Which devices can access voicemail ?
You can access voicemail messages from every RingCentral - enabled device or app , including your desk phone , email , RingCentral mobile app , RingCentral for Desktop , and RingCentral online account .
How do I check my voicemail ?
Desk phone : Press the voicemail button or softkey on your RingCentral phone .
From other phones , dial your telephone number , press * , follow the prompts , and the Auto - Receptionist will announce the number of new voice messages .
Afterward , follow the prompts for response options .
Press the voicemail button or softkey on your RingCentral phone .
From other phones , dial your telephone number , press * , follow the prompts , and the Auto - Receptionist will announce the number of new voice messages .
Afterward , follow the prompts for response options .
RingCentral apps :
Go to the Messages screen on either your RingCentral for Desktop or RingCentral mobile app to see a list of voicemail messages .
Click or tap the message to open it .
Afterward , select one of the response options shown on the same screen .
Go to the Messages screen on either your RingCentral for Desktop or RingCentral mobile app to see a list of voicemail messages .
Click or tap the message to open it .
Afterward , select one of the response options shown on the same screen .
RingCentral online account : Log in to your account and go to the Overview page .
You ’ll see a list of voicemails along with other call activity .
Click the message to open it .
Afterward , select one of the response options shown on the same screen .
Log in to your account and go to the Overview page .
You ’ll see a list of voicemails along with other call activity .
Click the message to open it .
Afterward , select one of the response options shown on the same screen .
Email :
If you have voicemail to email enabled , you can get email notifications and even have the message attached to the email .
Can I forward voicemail to other people ?
Yes .
You can forward any message stored in your RingCentral online account .
When you forward the voice message , the file is automatically converted to MP3 format and added to an email as an attachment .
If you already receive voicemails via email , you can forward them as you would any other email — be sure to include the attachment .
How long will RingCentral keep my voicemail messages ?
Your voicemail message will be stored in your account for 30 days with up to 200 combined messages of voicemail and fax messages .
Why are n’t all of my voicemail messages transcribed into text ?
RingCentral only transcribes the first 60 seconds of a call .
Calls lasting less than 5 seconds are n’t transcribed at all .
( The average voicemail message is about 30 seconds long . )
Voicemail preview is available in RingCentral Office Ultimate edition only .
How accurate are the voicemail preview conversions ?
RingCentral uses state - of - the - art machine transcriptions to convert voicemail messages to text .
The quality of the transcriptions varies depending on the clarity of the caller ’s voice ( enunciation , accents , speed , etc. ) and background noise .
How do I set my voicemail greeting ?
You can set your voicemail greetings from your RingCentral online account .
You can start with the default greeting added by your company , you can create custom ones , or use professionally recorded greetings .
You can store as many greetings as you like in your online account .
More Fun and More Rewarding !
We are FreeToGame , a new gaming platform that brings all the best Free - to - Play Games and MMO Games into one place while rewarding gamers with free premium loot , special offers , exlusive perks and more .
Best of all , it 's all free !
Advertisement
Fonts for designers are the basic resource .
Only if you would take into consideration the typography mania and you have a great argument for the intelligent use of fonts .
The web - safe fonts seem boring at a certain moment .
With @font - face you can insert any font you want in a website and you can give the site a more interesting style .
So , let ’s say you are n’t a web designer , you are more a graphic designer , you make quality logos and other interesting things .
You need to have the best fonts for logos , unless you are a pretty exquisite designer and you ’re making a custom font for every project you are working on .
That being said , check these top fonts for designers , download them cause most of them are free , look for a readme from the author to see where you can use them and maybe buy some of these on the list which are premium fonts .
Top fonts for designers
Advent
Anivers
This OpenType font family comes in regular , italic , bold and small caps and has some nice OpenType features .
Besides ligatures , contextual alternatives , fractions , oldstyle / tabular numerals , Anivers also has a ‘ case ’ feature for case sensative forms and tabular numerals … so Anivers can crunch numbers with ease .
Densia Sans Typeface
Densia
Sans is one of the designer fonts in this article .
It is an economic sans serif , designed by Harbor Type to be used in sizes from 6 to 14 points .
Its tall x-height and narrow width make it shine whenever there ’s very limited space .
Not only it is space - saving , Densia Sans features a complete set of 820 glyphs , including small caps , case - sensitive forms , proportional and tabular figures , superiors , inferiors , and fractions .
Also , its character set supports over 30 languages .
Bebas
Bell Centennial
Designed specifically for AT&T by Matthew Carter at Mergenthaler to replace Bell Gothic with a typeface that made effective use of digital typesetting technology , Bell Centennial has a font design that gets several more lines per page than Bell Gothic , reduces calls to information because of its significantly higher legibility under adverse printing conditions , saving AT&T many millions of dollars per year .
Graviola Regular
Graviola is a sans serif typeface with semi-rounded terminals that give it a soft and friendly look .
The font family has 8 individual weights , from Thin to Black , italics being in plan to be added in the near future .
Cash
Moderne Sans
Moderne Sans is a clean sans - serif typeface free for you to download , designed by Marius Kempken .
Moderne Sans is a free font inspired to 1920s typography .
This Typeface based on upper case letters , but I creat lower case letters , numbers and some alternative letters too .
Coolvetica
Advertisement
Coolvetica is a scratch - built , sans - serif typeface , inspired by 1970 ’s American logo designs .
This was an era where everyone was modifying Helvetica with funky curls , mixed - case and effects .
Coolvetica recreates that 1970 ’s custom display lettering look with really tight kerning and funky curls .
The tails on the R and a have been left out to allow even tighter spacing .
It certainly is n’t intended for setting paragraphs of book text — Coolvetica is a pure display typeface , intended for big , funky headings and titles .
Fertigo
Fonesia Free Font
Fonesia family comes in three different variants : Light , Regular and Bold .
For this initial release , it still carries a standard glyph : uppercase , lowercase , numbers , punctuation and some symbols .
Shania Script Typeface
Shania Script Typeface is a modern calligraphy script , with free flowing and moving baseline .
It has a casual yet elegant touch and it can be used for various purposes , like logos , wedding invites , t- shirts , letterheads , posters , badges and more .
Shania Script Typeface includes 432 + glyphs and 194 alternate characters , including initial and terminal letters , alternates , ligatures and multiple language support .
Fontin Sans
Fontin Sans was designed to be a suitable sans companion of Fontin .
With a nice classical appearance it will be a perfect match .
Ikaros Free Typeface
Ikaros is a free modern and minimal typeface created by Matt Ellis .
You can download it and use it in your projects .
ITC Franklin Gothic Heavy
Frutiger
In 1968 , Adrian Frutiger was commissioned to develop a sign and directional system for the new Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris .
He created Frutiger , a font whose character fit in with the modern architecture of the airport .
Frutiger is neither purely constructed nor ornamental , its forms designed so that each individual character is quickly and easily recognized , even from a distance .
Such clarity and legibility makes Frutiger the perfect font for signage and other applications , where the distinctness of characters is of high importance .
Qontra Sans Serif Font
Futura
Futura is the fully developed prototype of the twentieth century Geometric Sanserif .
The form is ancient , Greek capitals being inscribed by the Cretans twenty - five hundred years ago at the time of Pythagoras in the Gortyn Code , by the Imperial Romans , notably in the tomb of the Scipios , by classical revival architects in eighteenth century London , which formed the basis for Caslon ’s first sanserif typeface in 1817 .
Headline
BERNIER ™ Free Typefamily
Bernier is a small type family created by Ryan Pyae .
Bernier has three different styles and it is the perfect font choice for vintage or old school designs .
Brayden Font Family
Brayden Family is a family of script fonts that , taken together , create a variety of choices for an artist or designer .
This font family is one of the newer AF Studio offerings .
Features include the use of contextual and stylistic alternates , contextual swashes , and ligatures .
The glyph panel provides access to an even greater number of alternatives .
Hit the Road
Break Free Font
Break is modern font family designed by Rajesh Rajput and which contains five weights from Bold to ExtraLight , Uppercase , Lowercase , Numerics and symbols .
Kenyan Coffee
Kenyan Coffee is a narrow headline typeface created in 1999 .
In 2011 , Kenyan Coffee was rebuilt and expanded into a larger font family .
Museo
This OpenType font family , which is one of the top fonts of our time , comes in five weights and offers supports CE languages and even esperanto .
Besides ligatures , contextual alternatives , stylistic alternates , fractions and proportional / tabular figures MUSEO also has a ‘ case ’ feature for case sensitive forms .
Neue Helvetica
Optimus Princeps
Proxima Nova
Proxima Nova bridges the gap between typefaces like Futura and Akzidenz Grotesk .
The result is a hybrid that combines modern proportions with a geometric appearance .
Riesling
Rockwell Extra Bold
Sling
Steelfish
Steelfish is a condensed headline font family its author created in 2001 .
The original cut included regular , bold & outline styles .
Steelfish was okay but it was in need of a good tuneup to perform well as a web headliner in the 2010’s .
After rebuilding it , its author expanded it into seven weights with italics .
The weight of the original Steelfish Bold looks more like the new Steelfish Extra - Bold ; keep that in mind if you ’re replacing the old one .
Regular , italic , bold , bold - italic , extrabold , extrabold - italic & outline styles are free .
With it , as with the rest of the top designer fonts in this article , you can create font designs that will impress your clients .
If you liked this article with top fonts for designers , you should check out these as well :
The first year of the Obama presidency is increasingly feeling like one of those maddening romantic relationships for many pro-choice supporters — brimming with promise in the beginning , but during the actual courtship , rife with disappointments .
This week is perhaps the most heartbreaking .
It almost goes without saying that the president ’s decision to cut a deal with anti-choice Democrats in the healthcare debate this past weekend and sign an executive order reiterating current law banning federal funding for abortion left many of us reeling .
But this week also marks the one - year anniversary of a court ruling on emergency contraception that remains unenforced , and is a reminder of yet another key failing in reproductive health on the part of the Obama administration .
In March 2009 , a federal judge delivered a blistering opinion to the Food and Drug Administration , condemning the agency ’s Bush - era political appointees for ignoring the scientific evidence and restricting access to emergency contraception , a critical tool in preventing unwanted pregnancies and addressing the consequences of rape .
In its decision , the court ordered FDA to reconsider limits on access to emergency contraception .
Yet no progress has apparently been made over the past year to remove the senseless and unjustified age limits , or to relocate emergency contraception where it belongs – out from behind pharmacy counters and next to the condoms and contraceptive jelly in a regular aisle .
Today , emergency contraception , also called the “ morning after pill ” and available under the trade names Plan B , One - Step , and Next Choice is available without a prescription , but only for women age 17 and older .
Pharmacies and clinics must keep it behind the counter and anyone seeking to buy it must show government issued identification proving their age in order to buy it without a prescription .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Needless to say , these heavy - handed restrictions , unprecedented for drugs with over - the - counter status ( OTC ) , make it harder and more stigmatizing for consumers to get the contraception during its most effective window .
They also lack a scientific basis :
Plan B has no known serious side effects or serious long - term health effects and scientists and medical experts agree that there are no medical grounds for denying women access to emergency contraception .
After Plan B became available by prescription in 1999 , we filed a Citizen ’s Petition in 2001 on behalf of over 70 medical and public health organizations requesting that the FDA make emergency contraception available over the counter .
The manufacturer of the drug also applied for OTC status in 2003 .
That same year , after reviewing the scientific evidence , the FDA ’s expert Advisory Committee unanimously agreed that Plan B was safe for non-prescription settings , and voted 23 to four in favor of the switch to OTC status without any age or point - of - sale restrictions .
Despite this clear conclusion , for the first time in 10 years , the FDA did not follow the recommendation of its Advisory Committee and denied the manufacturer ’s application in 2004 .
Moreover , it delayed action on the Citizen ’s Petition for years — long after it was required by law to respond .
The Center for Reproductive Rights challenged this delay and the unprecedented restrictions in court .
After years of litigation and pressure from the court , the FDA finally allowed OTC status for women 18 years of age and over .
This change was only a small breakthrough .
In addition to the needless age distinction for OTC status , the FDA continued to impose the intrusive point - of - sale restrictions for non-prescription access that remain in place today .
Our lawsuit demonstrated that the FDA ’s decision to over - rule its scientists departed sharply from agency precedent and was the result of political influence from the Bush White House , and the federal judge hearing the case agreed .
According to Judge Korman :
FDA upper management , including the Commissioner , wrested control over decision - making on Plan B from staff that normally would issue the final decision on an over - the - counter switch application ; … and the Commissioner — at the behest of political actors — decided to deny non-prescription access to women 16 and younger before FDA scientific review staff had completed their reviews .
In short , FDA upper management politicized a decision that impacts the health and safety of women , and got caught red -handed .
Judge Korman ordered the FDA to permit Plan B to be made available to 17 - year - olds without a prescription immediately and to reconsider all of the remaining restrictions .
Since the decision , the FDA has made EC available without a prescription to women 17 and older , an important but limited gain .
But 12 months and multiple requests for information later , the FDA remains silent regarding its other unprecedented and unwarranted restrictions .
A core promise of the Obama administration was to restore the scientific integrity of federal agencies and to act quickly to remedy the obvious and lamentable politicization of agency decision - making by the prior administration .
The FDA ’s continued inaction on this simple issue is therefore deeply disappointing .
The agency already has sufficient scientific evidence on which it could base a reasoned decision to rescind the restrictions .
We expect the FDA to safeguard our nation ’s health by making decisions based on sound , well - documented science , not political or ideological imperatives .
A federal court ruling has already demanded action — and public health demands quick action as well .
The FDA should stop dragging its heels and make emergency contraception available over the counter to all women without restriction .
With backtracking on abortion now encoded in the law , access to emergency contraception looks now more important than ever .
It constitutes a blatant act of state terrorism , which places Israel in a position parallel to the very forces that it has unfailingly condemned as terrorist groups or networks .
This is not the first time , and may not be the last time , that a state has engaged in such operations .
In the case of Israel specifically , it has historically never shied away from targeting those it has regarded as either acting violently against it or violently threatening it .
In this , it has never made a distinction between those perpetrating violence for the sake of violence and those who have sought to defend themselves against Israel or to free themselves from Israel 's territorial - strategic expansion and physical subjugation .
This form of terrorism has a long history in the Middle East .
It began with the founders of Israel , led by David Ben-Gurion .
Compatriots such as Menachem Begin and Yitzhak Shamir showed no moral qualms about forming the first subnational terrorist groups , such as the Stern Gang and Irgun , in the early 1940s to terrorise the British out of Palestine and create the state of Israel in 1948 on what had traditionally been recognised as Palestinian land .
Since then , this aspect has continued to be an important function of the state of Israel in terms of what it has called self - defence .
This aspect has received persistent backing from Israel 's international supporters , including Australia .
These supporters either tacitly backed or conspicuously remained silent on Israel 's targeted assassination of Palestinian figures inside and outside the Middle East , which peaked from the 1970s , either as retaliation or as acts of pre-emptive elimination .
One of the most prominent Mossad operations was its bungled attempt in September 1997 to kill the current spiritual head of Hamas , Khaled Mashal , in Jordan , which invited the ire of the late King Hussein , who threatened to cancel the Israeli - Jordanian peace treaty unless Israel provided the antidote that cured Mashal .
The right - wing Benjamin Netanyahu was then Israel 's prime minister , as he has been since early last year .
After the September 11 terrorist attacks on the United States in 2001 , the prime minister , Ariel Sharon , who came from the same conservative side of politics as Netanyahu , took full advantage of America 's '' war on terror ' ' to accelerate targeted assassination of Palestinian leaders and activists , especially those of Hamas .
In the process , Israel killed dozens of such figures , along with hundreds of innocent Palestinians in what Israel called '' collateral damage ' ' .
Mossad was given carte blanche in this respect .
Israel has justified all this and related activities , including sealing off and punishing 1.5 million Palestinians in Gaza and suppressing their fellow Palestinians in the West Bank and East Jerusalem , in the name of self - defence , but against all international legal and humanitarian norms and standards .
It has totally disregarded the right of the Palestinian people to self - determination and rejected any ruling of the International Court of Justice .
It has even stood up to pressure from the Obama administration on expansion of Israeli settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
If indeed Israel is responsible for the killing of Mabhouh , the state may have gone too far .
It may not only have grossly violated the position of several of Israel 's international supporters by forging their passports , but also enacted a trans-national operation in Dubai , well away from the theatre of the Israeli - Palestinian conflict in total violation of the sovereignty of the United Arab Emirates .
It has acted in no less condemnable a fashion than the very forces that it has accused of being terrorist groups or of supporting these groups , such as Iran and Syria .
Its actions can only embolden these forces to justify further operations against Israel and its backers .
It is time for the international community , specifically those states friendly to Israel ( Australia included ) to condemn Israeli state terrorism , as they should any state terrorism , and put pressure on it to behave within international norms and laws .
And thus stop being a delinquent actor , but one with a claim of being democratic , in world politics .
Loading
Amin Saikal is professor of political science and director of the Centre for Arab and Islamic Studies ( the Middle East and Central Asia ) at the Australian National University .
Editor 's note :
This article was the subject of a complaint to the Australian Press Council .
The adjudication of the matter can be read here .
- September 21 2010
By now , it 's practically a mantra that the biggest problem with corporate IT security is the employees themselves .
However , we usually assume that 's due to ignorant users or poorly enforced policies .
Not so for a chunk of the US working population — according to a survey conducted by Harris Interactive , 12 percent admitted to knowingly violating IT policy in order to get work done .
The survey of 1,347 employed adults was conducted on behalf of Fiberlink , a company that hawks services that " help enterprises connect , control and secure laptops and mobile devices . "
Needless to say , the survey results fit perfectly into the company 's agenda , but they are hardly surprising .
After all , how many of us know someone who has left a work laptop in an unattended vehicle , sent unencrypted e-mails without permission , or reused the same three passwords over and over instead of choosing new ones every 90 days ?
Fiberlink CEO Jim Sheward warned of the obvious .
" IT departments nationwide spend a lot of time and money on their compliance , usage , and access policies , but they only work if people follow the rules , " he said in an e-mailed statement .
[ C] ompanies could face dangerous breaches that include the loss of sensitive data , competitive intelligence , or customers ’ private information . "
Harris ' findings are supported by previous reports saying that leaky employees are a bigger threat than malware , that employees ( not hackers ) cause the most corporate data loss , and that employees ' online activities pose the greatest threat to IT security .
With 12 percent of those people actively working outside of stated IT policy ( and plenty more who do so out of ignorance ) , IT admins certainly have their work cut out for them if they want to maintain a tight ship .
" Why can snakes move ahead on without legs ? "
From this problem , we started research of snake biomec ...
" Why can snakes move ahead on without legs ? "
From this problem , we started research of snake biomechanisms , which resulted in the " Why can snakes move ahead on without legs ? "
From this problem , we started research of snake biomechanisms , which resulted in the development of " Snake Robots " .
Snake Robots have many possible applications , even though the structures are simple .
Hirose Fukushima Robotics Lab
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A train has crashed in Norway , killing three people and seriously injuring another three , according to reports .
Several railway cars broke loose and sped out of control towards the port in Oslo , the capital .
Witnesses said they travelled at 100 km /h ( 62mph ) .
They derailed and smashed into a building , bringing part of it crashing down , killing and injuring some of those working nearby , police said .
Some of the 16 wagons , with no locomotive , then fell into a fjord .
Vegar Halveg , who works at the port in the Sjursoeya district , said he heard a loud screech and saw several empty cargo wagons speeding past .
" They were going much faster than they usually do , so we realised something was wrong , " he told the Associated Press news agency .
" The last car was practically airborne . "
Police and emergency workers are at the scene , along with coast guard helicopters and divers .
The Norwegian National Rail Administration said the wagons had come loose at the Alnabru cargo terminal , several miles away , and rolled to the port .
Paul Kariya has been an all - star since his second season in the league , breaking in with a bang - scoring 246 points in 198 games in his first three years , an average of 1.24 points per game .
Kariya was a dynamic scorer and setup man in the toughest of environments , Gary Bettman 's NHL , and was on his way to becoming one of the best offensive players of the past few decades before getting hit with a terribly dirty crosscheck from one of the dirtiest and cheapest players of all time - Gary Suter .
Kariya continued to produce on the scoresheet , but almost all scouting reports and " men in the know " claimed that he was a changed player -- he just was n't ever the same after the hit .
Even with the supposed after - effects of the Suter hit , Kariya has gone on to score 740 points in his last 784 games , .943 points per game with the Ducks , Avalanche , Predators and Blues .
Three years ago the St. Louis Blues opened the checkbook to sign Kariya away from the Nashville Predators .
Kariya was coming off of back - to - back seasons in which he posted a total of 161 regular season points and 9 points in 10 playoff games and looked like the Kariya of old .
The Blues had n't yet started their rebuild and it was thought that Kariya might be the piece that would buy them a couple of playoff rounds .
Things , however , have n't turned out as well as the Blues hoped that they would .
Kariya has put up 120 points in 161 games over three seasons , .745 points per game , well below his career average and well below his average with Nashville .
Still , .745 points per game is 61 points over an 82 game season and nothing to sneeze at .
But it's in the underlying statistics that we can see how overpaid Paul Kariya has been .
via www.sportslogos.net
SB Nation 's Oilers vs Blues coverage
St. Louis Game Time
Paul Kariya # 9 / Left Wing / St. Louis Blues Height : 5 - 10 Weight : 180 Born : Oct 16 , 1974 Contract Term : 2007 -2008 through 2009 - 2010 Cap Hit : $ 6,000,000
GP G A P ES +/- 60
QC Rk QT Rk
Corsi Rk
ZS Rk
PP GF/60
2007 - Paul Kariya 82 16 49 65 0.0 10/13 2/13 1/13 3/13 6/8 2008 - Paul Kariya 11 2 13 15 N/M N/M N/M N/M N/M N/ M 2009 - Paul Kariya 68 18 22 40 -0.07 6/13 3/13 4/13 8/13 7/9
He 's played extremely sheltered even strength minutes during his time in St. Louis and has n't bested his opponents .
He 's played inferior opponents with superior linemates and has been outscored at even strength .
In 2007 , he even started in the offensive zone more often than all but two of his teammates .
During his
In 2009 , his zonestart slips to ninth , but he 's still taking 50 % of his faceoffs in the offensive zone .
His Corsi has been number one and number four on the Blues , but given his sheltered minutes , zonestart and linemates , that should be a no - brainer .
What about the power play ?
Kariya was always a lethal power play threat and in two years in Nashville , Kariya scored 71 points on the power play .
Including his pace in 2009 - 2010 , Kariya will score less than 40 during his two healthy years in St. Louis .
His PP GF / 60 rating at the bottom of the team for players with more than two minutes of power play time per game , meaning that rather than driving the play and creating goals with a man advantage , most of his teammates are besting him in that situation .
All of these numbers would look pretty good for a 35 - year - old forward except for that $ 6,000,000 salary .
The Blues have paid Kariya $ 18,000,000 over the last three years and they 've not come close to getting their money 's worth .
Among forwards over the last three years in that salary range , Kariya ranks at the bottom of the barrel with Daniel Briere .
The names that surround those two - Ovechkin , Crosby , Iginla , Lecavalier , Heatley , Spezza , Kovalchuk , Vanek , Gomez , Thornton ... they are all superior players .
Kariya is an unrestricted free agent at the end of this season and will likely find more than a few general managers willing to overpay for his services .
A 36 - year - old forward that can't handle the tough minutes , is n't a dynamic power play force but can still outscore weak minutes is worth something .
Certainly that value is n't $ 6,000,000 and probably not half of that , but my guess is he gets somewhere around $ 3,000,000 next season .
My fear is that he 'll get that from the Oilers .
On a four - year contract .
Underlying stats courtesy the dashing Gabriel Desjardins and his amazing behindthenet . ca site .
On March 14 2010 09:37 Roffles wrote :
Idra 's rep pack is the best .
I love his comments at the end of some games .
Simply classics .
Protoss !!
Yes !
he called july a fag after he 1hatch lurkered him looool
Eric Massa announced earlier in the week that he would not be seeking a second term following a cancer scare in December .
Rep. Eric Massa to resign
Democratic Rep. Eric Massa will resign from Congress on Monday , only days after reports first surfaced that the freshman New York lawmaker was under investigation by the House ethics committee for allegedly sexually harassing a male staffer .
Massa was preparing the news in the Corning Leader , his local newspaper , but several media outlets were already reporting the news Friday afternoon .
Advertisement
In a statement released Friday , Massa directly addressed the ethics issue for the first time , acknowledging that he used language that might have made staffers uncomfortable .
But he did not specifically address any specific sexual harassment allegations .
“ I own this reality .
There is no doubt in my mind that I did in fact , use language in the privacy of my own home and in my inner office that , after 24 years in the Navy , might make a Chief Petty Officer feel uncomfortable , ” Massa said .
“ In fact , there is no doubt that this Ethics issue is my fault and mine alone .
But in the incredibly toxic atmosphere that is Washington D.C. , with the destruction of our elected leaders having become a blood sport , especially in talk radio and on the internet , there is also no doubt that an Ethics investigation would tear my family and my staff apart . ”
Massa , who was elected in November 2008 , announced earlier in the week that he would not be seeking a second term following a cancer scare in December .
He initially dismissed as “ unsubstantiated ” a POLITICO report that he was being scrutinized for improper advances to a junior aide in his office .
In fact , he mentioned this report in his resignation statement Friday afternoon .
“ At no point prior to this had any member of the Ethics Committee communicated with me directly - if fact I first read it on the internet , ” Massa said .
The ethics committee formally announced on Thursday night that Massa was under investigation by the panel , although Reps .
Zoe Lofgren ( D - Calif. ) and Jo Bonner ( R - Ala . ) , the chairwoman and ranking member of the committee , did not announce the reason for their probe .
Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) also publicly acknowledged that his staff had told a former Massa aide that he should report the Massa harassment allegation to the ethics committee or else Hoyer would take it to the ethics panel himself .
Ronald Hikel , Massa ’s former deputy chief of staff and legislative director , was then interviewed twice by ethics committee investigators .
Massa ’s assertion that he did not learn that he was under investigation by the ethics committee until after making his retirement announcement appears to contradict the facts of the case .
Joe Racalto , Massa ’s chief of staff , told a Rochester TV station on Thursday that he was interviewed by ethics committee investigators several weeks ago in regards to the sexual harassment allegations against Massa , well before the case became a public scandal or Massa announced his intentions to leave the House .
“ Racalto [ Massa 's Chief of Staff ] also said that he was interviewed by the Ethics Committee about two and a half weeks ago ‘ about this matter , but he said he could n't discuss that in further detail , ” said a blog post by a WHAM - TV reporter on Thursday night .
Several other Massa aides also meet with the ethics committee prior to this week , a former Massa staff and House insiders said .
Ronald Hikel , Massa ’s former deputy chief of staff and legislative director , went to Hoyer ’s office on Feb. 8 with an allegation that Massa had harassed a junior male staffer in the New York Democrats personal office .
Hikel was told by Hoyer ’s staff that he should report the allegation to the ethics committee himself or Hoyer would .
Hikel did as told by Hoyer ’s staff , and he was twice interviewed by panel staffers , Hikel confirmed .
Hoyer 's office released a statement on Wednesday confirming Hikel 's account .
Massa ’s resignation is another blow to Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) and other top Democratic leaders .
Democrats won control of the House in 2006 on a vow to clean up the “ culture of corruption ” on Capitol Hill .
However , Rep. Charlie Rangel , the longtime Democratic lawmaker from Harlem , was forced out of his post as chairman of the powerful Ways and Means Committee earlier this week following a public “ admonishment ” by the ethics committee for taking corporate - funded trips to the Caribbean in 2007 and 2008 .
The ethics committee is continuing a broader investigation into Rangel ’s personal finances .
And two other Democrats lawmakers – Reps. Maxine Waters ( Calif . ) and Laura Richardson ( Calif . ) – remain under investigation as well .
This article tagged under : 2010
Eric Massa
Politics
“ The unequal sharing of responsibilities between men and women reflects stereotypical assumptions about the role of women and men in society – and the stubborn persistence of those assumptions , ” Ms. Migiro told the Spain - Africa conference in Valencia on Saturday .
“ Inequality , whether in the private or public sphere , has adverse impacts on women , as well as men , their families , the economy and society as a whole .
It has implications for equality of opportunity in education , in the labour market and in public life , ” Ms. Migiro told the gathering , whose theme was ‘ Women for A Better World ’ .
“ The uneven yoke of domestic and care - giving responsibilities is one of the great pieces of unfinished business in our long - term quest for gender equality and women ’s empowerment , ” she added .
Ms. Migiro also noted that despite the achievements in empowering women and increasing their role in the economy and improving their education and sexual and reproductive health since the adoption of the Beijing Platform for Action on gender equality 15 years ago , women remained more vulnerable some diseases and gender - based violence .
In sub -Saharan Africa , she said , nearly 60 per cent of those infected with HIV / AIDS are women , and while initiatives in all parts of the world to address violence against women and girls have been on the rise , such efforts are often not comprehensive or sustained .
“ Rape and sexual violence have tragically become weapons of war , ” Ms. Migiro said .
Progress on maternal and child health has also proven very difficult to achieve , the Deputy Secretary - General said , adding that more than half a million women and girls are estimated to die during pregnancy and childbirth every year – 99 per cent of them in developing countries .
Highlighting opportunities that would help redress some of the problems of gender inequality , Ms. Migiro lauded the proposal by Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon to the General Assembly to consolidate the current four gender - specific entities of the UN into one “ strong , dynamic and effective ” composite entity .
“ The entity will provide coherent support to intergovernmental normative and policy - setting work and will have a strengthened and integrated operational capacity to respond to Member States ’ needs at the national level , ” Ms. Migiro said .
The General Assembly ’s high - level plenary meeting on the Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) would be another opportunity to agree on a concrete , results - oriented plan to accelerate progress in order to achieve the goals by the agreed deadline of 2015 , she added .
The trials successfully transmitted data from sky to Earth
Airships in the stratosphere beaming back broadband capable of speeds up to 120 M bps may seem like fantasy .
But tests in Sweden have suggested it could become a reality within three to five years .
A successful trial of the technology has been conducted by researchers , led by the University of York in the UK .
Trials using a 12,000 cubic metre balloon , flying at an altitude of around 24 kilometres for nine hours , have proved it can successfully operate a data rate link of 11 Mbps .
" Proving the ability to operate a high data rate link from a moving stratospheric balloon is a critical step in moving towards the longer term aim of providing data rates of 120 Mbps , " said Dr David Grace , the project 's principal scientific officer .
Broadband on the move
The Capanina research consortium consists of 14 worldwide partners , including BT 's research wing , and is partly funded by the European Union .
The radio link equipment was developed by the University of York
Broadband via telephone lines has speed limitations while satellite is expensive and can support only a limited number of users .
Balloons hovering in the stratosphere could become an attractive alternative as consumers demand ever higher bandwidth , said Alan Gobbi , the marketing manager of the York Electronic Centre .
The centre is the commercial unit of the University of York and the body charged with co-ordinating the project .
" One business model could be an alternative to wired access in suburban areas where costs of roll out are high .
It could be offered on high - speed trains and in remote areas , " he told the BBC News website .
Stacked up against satellite the cost is likely to be attractive , he said .
" The launch cost of the infrastructure is likely to be one - tenth that of satellite and one airship can support a user density one thousands times that of satellite , " he said .
During the trials , the researchers managed to send data via wi- fi at at distances ranging up to 60 kilometres .
Trials of the technology will continue in Japan next year .
